<doc id="20737560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737560" title="Certified California Municipal Treasurer">
Certified California Municipal Treasurer

A Certified California Municipal Treasurer (CCMT) is a post-nominal professional certification awarded by the California Municipal Treasurers Association (CMTA) to California public treasurers who meet standards of education, experience and a stated commitment to a code of ethics. It was created in 1978 to provide a professional standard of financial expertise and ethics in California government treasury. 
It provides a framework for municipal treasurers in improving performance through continuing education and become valued administrators in local government. A CCMT is a professional treasurer who is qualified to meet the challenges of a job that is becoming more and more complex in the environment of public finance.
Service provided by CCMTs.
A professional certification provides a degree of confidence that practitioners are adequately trained, educated and experienced to be prepared for financial challenges in the real world. Education, experience and ethics requirements serve as a standard for the profession. Those who have received the Certified California Municipal Treasurer (CCMT) have subjected themselves to review of their educational and experience. 
Whereas in the private sector, revenue generation and collection, banking and debt management are important to management and stockholders, in the public sector there is an element of safeguarding the public trust that is added.
CCMT Requirements.
CCMT candidates must meet or exceed requirements in two areas; 50% educational standards and 50% experience and training requirements. Certification is also designed as a guide for municipal treasurers to become valued administrators in local government. 
Education Requirement: College or University degrees at Bachelor level in Public Administration, Accounting, Finance or related field or satisfactory completion of a course of education approved by CMTA – ½ point per instruction hour. 
Professional Experience and Training Requirement equivalent to employment as a Municipal Treasurer for 12.5 years, financial administrative position in local government or in corporate or private business for 25 years or a combination of several factors including board service on state and national treasury boards. Current active participation in CMTA is required.
CCMTs must be recertified every four years. Recertification is accomplished by a combination of treasury experience and a minimum of 40 hours of continuing education.
Unique Requirements of Public Sector Treasury.
The Office of the Treasurer is the only office in the Treasury Department that is older than the Department itself, as it was originally created by the Continental Congress in 1775. Michael Hillegas served as the first Treasurer of the United States and throughout the American Revolution until Congress the Department of the Treasury on September 2, 1789 Paulson is currently the States Secretary of the Treasury. 
Bill Lockyer is the Treasurer of the State of California. There are 480 California cities, 58 California counties about 3,400 Special Districts and School Districts, each with independent fiscal stewardship. Many City Treasurers are elected, and are therefore directly accountable to their constituents; the remainder are appointed either by City Council or City Manager. 
Public treasurers are primarily responsible for managing the revenue and cash flow of a government agency. This officer is also responsible for banking, collections of user fees such as utility usage and business licenses, and communicating financial performance and forecasts to the community. The title may vary, such as finance director, chief financial officer or CFO, from agency to agency. 
Treasury has multiple constituencies, with a responsibility to citizens, taxpayers and voters to deliver informed stewardship in the investment of public funds (taxes). Additionally, treasury reporting must fund internal programs and fulfill budgetary requirements meeting expectations of governing city councils and boards of directors within approved financial policy guidelines.
Responsibilities of Public Treasury.
According to Benjamin Finkelstein, “On Main Street, political risk entails all the bad things that can happen to elected officials and their appointees when they take risks – even reasonable risks – with taxpayer money and come up short.” 
The municipal treasurer does not have the public’s permission to put public funds principal at risk, no matter how great the potential yield. Securities options, therefore, are limited by statute to the safest portion of the investment continuum. Public Treasury statutes mandate a priority of safety (first), liquidity (secondarily) and yield (last). Since there is an inverse relationship between risk and rate of return, the potential return is limited by the risk that public funds are permitted to take.
California Government Investment Environment.
The objective of municipal investments is to enhance the economic status of a given agency consistent with the prudent protection of the agency’s investments. Agencies are required to create a publicly reviewed investment policy, prepared in conformance with all pertinent existing laws of the State of California including California Government Code Sections 53600, et seq. This section of California Government Code defines permitted and prohibited investments. California public treasurers must abide within the limits of this code.

</doc>
<doc id="20737561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737561" title="Huiringua">
Huiringua

The huiringua, kuiringua, kiringua, quiringua, cuiringua is a percussion instrument of the group of slit drums. It consists of a hollow log with closed ends with a slit along the instrument.
The shell becomes the resonating chamber for the sound vibrations created when the slit is struck with a pair of wood mallets.

</doc>
<doc id="20737563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737563" title="U.S. Route 17 in South Carolina">
U.S. Route 17 in South Carolina

In the U.S. state of South Carolina, U.S. Route 17 (US 17) is a north–south highway located near the Atlantic Ocean. The route enters the state from Georgia at the Savannah River and serves Hardeeville, Charleston, Georgetown and Myrtle Beach before entering North Carolina near Calabash.
Route description.
US 17 enters into South Carolina in Jasper County as a two-lane road and within eight miles (13 km) enters Hardeeville, where it becomes a major four-lane Freeway configuration. US 17 intersects Interstate 95 at exit 5 in Hardeeville and after the intersection with US 321, runs parallel to Interstate 95 until Ridgeland, where it merges with the interstate at exit 22 until Point South. At Point South, US 17 leaves I-95 at exit 33 and heads eastward into northern Beaufort County, sharing a concurrency with US 21 until Gardens Corner. US 21 splits off to Beaufort while US 17 heads northeast into the ACE Basin and Colleton County.
The stretch of US 17 between Gardens Corner and Jacksonboro is a scenic yet rural two-lane road configuration that has proven to be a very dangerous and deadly stretch for motorists. SCDOT is working on improving portions of the roadway, including widening some portions and reducing the speed limits. Once in Jacksonboro, the road enters into Charleston County crossing over the Edisto River and regaining a four-lane configuration for the remainder of the state. The road passes through several rural communities as it approaches Charleston from the west. Just before the interchange with Interstate 526, major commercial development starts and continues into the West Ashley neighborhood of Charleston until the Ashley River.
In Charleston, US 17 traverses the Ashley River Drawbridges and comes onto the Charleston Peninsula, being routed north of the historical areas of the city. The first portion is at-grade and has a few traffic-signals for flow purposes. Upon reaching the Interstate 26 terminus, US 17 becomes limited-access and above grade as it approaches the Cooper River via the Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge and the stretch of US 17 in Charleston is infamous among locals for its traffic congestion, especially on weekday mornings. The section running from SC 171 to Sam Rittenberg Boulevard has been named the "Charleston Nine Memorial Highway", in honor of nine Charleston firefighters killed in the line of duty in the Charleston Sofa Super Store fire on June 18, 2007.
Upon crossing the river, the highway enters Mount Pleasant at grade and is signalized for several miles up through the second interchange with Interstate 526 and connecting roads to the Isle of Palms and Sullivan's Island. The road leaves the Charleston metro area by entering into the Francis Marion National Forest and going through the rural communities of Awendaw and McClellanville on its northeastern journey to Georgetown. US 17 makes a spectacular crossing of the marsh-lined Santee River as it enters Georgetown County. After going around the charming city of Georgetown, US 17 crosses eastward over the Waccamaw / Pee Dee river system before making a northward turn along the Grand Strand.
The last component of US 17 runs close to the Atlantic, beginning at the Hobcaw Baronry and DeBordieu, passing by Pawleys Island and going around Litchfield Beach. It then enters into Horry County and passing Surfside Beach, Murrells Inlet and arriving in Myrtle Beach. US 17 splits here between a business route and the standard route, which remains west of the beach and tourist areas served by Business 17. The roads rejoin north of the city and continue as US 17 through Atlantic Beach, North Myrtle Beach, and Little River before crossing into North Carolina. The portions from Murrells Inlet to the state line are quite congested at times, though the soon to be constructed Interstate 73 should assist in alleviating many traffic issues.
History.
The route was part of the for a national system of highways, and appears on the approved map. When first signed, US 17 followed a route that went through Florence and Marion. The original route through South Carolina was long.
At this time, U.S. routes in South Carolina used a dual-numbering system; US 17 was also signed SC 1 from Georgia to Yemasse, SC 30 from Yemassee to Walterboro, SC 6 from Walterboro to Charleston, SC 2 from Charleston to Goose Creek, SC 41 from Goose Creek to Florence, SC 3 from Florence to North Carolina. By 1928, all of the dual numbers had been removed except for SC 2. The entire route from Georgia to North Carolina was paved by 1930. At one point the route from Green Pond to Jacksonboro was SC 32.
The early routing was already identified to be shifted to the "Kings Highway" which would pass through Myrtle Beach and Georgetown; re-routing occurred in 1935. 
The first tourist welcome center in South Carolina opened in February 1968 on US 17 near Little River.

</doc>
<doc id="20737580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737580" title="Nuuk Municipality">
Nuuk Municipality

Nuuk Municipality was one of the municipalities of Greenland until 31 December 2008. On 1 January 2009, it was merged with four other former municipalities into the new Sermersooq municipality. The central town is Nuuk.

</doc>
<doc id="20737581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737581" title="Austroraptor">
Austroraptor

Austroraptor (pron.:"") is an extinct genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur that lived about 70 million years ago during the Cretaceous Period in what is now modern Argentina. "Austroraptor" was a medium sized, moderately-built, ground-dwelling, bipedal carnivore, that could grow up to long. Its length makes "Austroraptor" one of the largest dromaeosaurids known, with only "Achillobator" and "Utahraptor" approaching it in length. It is the largest dromaeosaur to be discovered in the Southern Hemisphere. Particularly notable about the taxon were its relatively short forearms, much shorter in proportion when compared to the majority of the members of its family.
Etymology.
The genus name "Austroraptor", means "Southern thief", and is derived from the Latin word "auster" meaning "the south wind", and the Latin word "raptor" meaning "thief". The specific name "cabazai", was named in honor of Alberto Cabaza, who founded the Museo Municipal de Lamarque where the specimen was partially studied. "Austroraptor" was described and named by late 2008 by Fernando Novas of the Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales. The type species is "Austroraptor cabazai".
Anatomy.
Considered large for a dromaeosaur, "Austroraptor cabazai" measured around in length from head to tail. It is the largest dromaeosaur to be discovered in the Southern Hemisphere. The type specimen, labeled MML-195, consisted of a fragmentary skeleton including parts of the dinosaur's skull, a few neck and torso vertebrae, some ribs, a humerus, and assorted bones from both legs. However little of the entire skeleton was found, what bones were available for analysis expressed some distinct characteristics that differentiate "Austroraptor" from other dromaeosaurs. "A. cabazai"'s 80 centimeter-long skull was low and elongated, much more so than that of other dromaeosaurs. Several of its skull bones bore some resemblance to that of the smaller troodontid deinonychosaurs. The front limbs of this taxon were short for a dromaeosaur, with its humerus less than half the length of its femur. Among the Dromaeodauridae, only this genus, "Tianyuraptor" and Mahakala have similarly reduced forelimbs. The relative length of its arms has caused "Austroraptor" to be compared to another, more famous short-armed dinosaur, "Tyrannosaurus".
"Austroraptor" had conical, non-serrated teeth, which Novas "et al." compared to those of spinosaurids, based on the how the enamel of the surface of its teeth is fluted. "Austroraptor" shares a trait that is unique to it and to "Adasaurus mongoliensis", the descending process of the lacrimal bones curves anteriorly to a large degree. "Austroraptor" has a bizarre morphology in its pedal phalanges, which are strangely disproportionate. Phalanx IV-2 is over twice the width of phalanx II-2, and nearly three times the expected width based on similarly sized members of its taxonomic family. This has suggested to some researchers that the holotype specimen is a chimera, which means that its bones may be from more than one individual.
Phylogeny.
A cladistic analysis of the specimen's anatomical features by the describers placed "Austroraptor" within the subfamily Unenlagiinae of the Dromaeosauridae. This assignment was based on characteristics observed in the bones of the skull, the teeth, and the geometry and formation of the specimen's vertebral elements. It was determined that "Austroraptor" was a close relative of the unenlagiine dromaeosaur "Buitreraptor", with which it shares certain derived characteristics of the neck vertebrae.
The following cladogram is based on the phylogenetic analysis conducted by Turner, Makovicky and Norellin 2012, showing the relationships of "Austroraptor" among the other genera assigned to the taxon Unenlagiinae:
Distinguishing anatomical features.
A diagnosis is a statement of the anatomical features of an organism (or group) that collectively distinguish it from all other organisms. Some, but not all, of the features in a diagnosis are also autapomorphies. An autapomorphy is a distinctive anatomical feature that is unique to a given organism or group.
According to Novas et al. (2009), "Austroraptor" can be distinguished based on the following characteristics:
Paleoecology.
Provenance and occurrence.
The type specimen of "Austroraptor cabazai" was recovered in the Bajo de Santa Rosa locality of the Allen Formation, in Río Negro, Argentina. The specimen was collected by Phil Currie & Paulina Carabajal in 2008 in terrestrial sediments that were deposited during the Maastrichtian stage of the Cretaceous period, approximately 70 million years ago. This specimen is housed in the collection of Museo Municipal de Lamarque in Argentina.
Fauna and habitat.
"Austroraptor" shared its paleoenvironment with early mammals, pterosaurs and the titanosaurids "Saltasaurus" and "Rocasaurus", which may have served as prey for this dromaeosaur.

</doc>
<doc id="20737583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737583" title="Onward Oregon">
Onward Oregon

Onward Oregon is an online, volunteer-based organization that seeks to advance progressive politics in the U.S. state of Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20737595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737595" title="Birds of a Feather (EP)">
Birds of a Feather (EP)

Birds of a Feather is Killing Joke's third EP, released in October 1982. In that same month, the A-Side, "Birds of a Feather", was released as a single under E'G Records. "Birds of a Feather" completed the transition from Killing Joke's third studio album "Revelations" to their fourth, "Fire Dances". The tracks on this EP were released on the 2005 CD reissue of their live album, "Ha!".
Production and release.
"Birds of a Feather" was Killing Joke's first EP with the new bass guitarist, Paul Raven. It contained music that was artier and relatively calmer than the music from the band's first three studio albums, thus beginning a new direction. The new style was continued with the non-album singles "Me or You?" (1983) and "A New Day" (1984).
Track listing.
Side A:
Side B:

</doc>
<doc id="20737604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737604" title="Londubh">
Londubh

Londubh () is a village on the south shore of Loch Ewe in Achnasheen, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.
The village of Poolewe lies directly to the south along the A832 road.

</doc>
<doc id="20737620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737620" title="Michael Cronin (cricketer)">
Michael Cronin (cricketer)

Michael Cronin (born 21 October 1961) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Bromyard, Herefordshire.
Cronin, who represented Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship in 1988 and 1989, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1992 NatWest Trophy. From the tailend, he scored a single run, and took one wicket.

</doc>
<doc id="20737621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737621" title="Jonathan Govett">
Jonathan Govett

Jonathan Govett (born 22 June 1969) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in St Germans.
Govett debuted in the Minor Counties Championship in 1995, four seasons after appearing for the only time in the Bain Clarkson Trophy in 1991. Govett made a single List A appearance, during the 1996 season, against Leicestershire. Berkshire lost the match, mainly thanks to a double century from England international Vince Wells.

</doc>
<doc id="20737622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737622" title="Mark Robinson (cricketer, born 1984)">
Mark Robinson (cricketer, born 1984)

Mark Robinson (born 19 October 1984) was an English cricketer who played for Shropshire. He was born in Shrewsbury but now lives in Oswestry.
Robinson, who represented Oswestry in the 2004 Cockspur Cup, made his sole List A appearance for Shropshire in the 2005 C&G Trophy. In 2005, he played one Second XI game for Glamorgan.
Robinson still plays with Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship as of 2008.
Since retiring from cricket in 2010, Robinson has enjoyed a successful career as a lounge singer with a residency at the Kings Head, Oswestry

</doc>
<doc id="20737623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737623" title="Gareth Edwards (cricketer, born 1973)">
Gareth Edwards (cricketer, born 1973)

Gareth Edwards (born 30 November 1973) was an English cricketer who played for Berkshire. He was born in Exeter.
Having represented Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1997 and 2001, Edwards made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1999 NatWest Trophy, against Devon. From the tailend, Edwards scored 5 runs, and took bowling figures of 0-30 from six overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20737624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737624" title="John Drewett">
John Drewett

John Drewett was an English cricketer. He was a wicket-keeper who played for Berkshire.
Drewett, who represented the team in the Minor Counties Championship between 1961 and 1965, made his only List A appearance in his final year at the club, in the 1965 Gillette Cup against Somerset. From the upper-middle order, Drewett scored a single run.

</doc>
<doc id="20737625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737625" title="John Flower">
John Flower

John Flower may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20737626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737626" title="Danny Hall (cricketer)">
Danny Hall (cricketer)

Danny Hall (born 3 November 1944) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Berkshire. He was born in Penzance.
Hall, who played regularly in the Minor Counties Championship between 1970 and 1977, and for one game in 1981, made his only List A appearance in 1976, against Hertfordshire. Hall scored a duck from the upper-middle order.
Hall received his Berkshire cap in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20737627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737627" title="Colin Casemore">
Colin Casemore

Colin Casemore (born 21 February 1940) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a leg-break bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in St Mellons.
Casemore, who made three appearances for Sussex Second XI between 1960 and 1961, made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Berkshire in 1970, and played in the competition until 1977. He made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1976 Gillette Cup, against Hertfordshire. Casemore scored 6 runs from the upper-middle order.

</doc>
<doc id="20737629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737629" title="Stephen Bloyce">
Stephen Bloyce

Stephen Bloyce (born 11 November 1980) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in Reading.
Bloyce began his career in the Minor Counties Championship for Berkshire. He played a single List A match, in the 2004 C&G Trophy, against Kent. From the tailend, he scored a duck, and took figures of 1-66 from 6 overs.
He continued to play for Berkshire until 2005. Between 2005 and 2006 he played in the Cockspur Cup for Finchampstead.

</doc>
<doc id="20737630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737630" title="Steve Wyatt">
Steve Wyatt

Steve Wyatt (born 10 March 1971) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Berkshire. He was born in Newbury.
Wyatt made his debut in the Minor Counties Championship in 2001. He played in a single List A match, in the C&G Trophy, against Lincolnshire in August 2001.
From the upper-middle order, Wyatt scored 8 runs. Wyatt continued to play for Berkshire until the end of the 2002 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20737631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737631" title="Nick Harvey (cricketer)">
Nick Harvey (cricketer)

Nick Harvey (born 21 November 1973) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Berkshire. He was born in Ascot.
Harvey, who made his cricketing debut in 1991 for the National Association of Young Cricketers, and who also played for Marylebone Cricket Club Schools, made his Minor Counties Championship debut in 1993, and played several games for Essex and Lancashire Second XI's.
Harvey made a single List A appearance for Berkshire, in the 2001 C&G Trophy. He took two catches and one stumping in the match, and scored 7 runs with the bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20737632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737632" title="Dean Marsh">
Dean Marsh

Dean Marsh (born 3 December 1963) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Bedworth, Warwickshire.
Marsh began his career with Warwickshire's Second XI, with whom he played for three seasons. However, he was not to play cricket for the next eight seasons, until he joined the Old Edwardians of the Midland Combined Counties League in 1991.
Marsh's only List A appearance came in the 1993 NatWest Trophy, against Somerset. From the upper-middle order, he scored a duck, and took figures of 0-51 with the ball from eleven overs.

</doc>
<doc id="20737659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737659" title="South Australian state election, 1896">
South Australian state election, 1896

State elections were held in Australia on 25 April 1896. All 54 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent liberal government led by Premier of South Australia Charles Kingston in an informal coalition with the United Labor Party led by John McPherson defeated the conservative opposition. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes. The election was held concurrently with Australia's first referendum, was the first Australian parliamentary election in which women could vote, and was the first in the world where women were permitted to run for office.

</doc>
<doc id="20737672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737672" title="Arklow RFC">
Arklow RFC

Arklow RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Arklow, County Wicklow. They play in Leinster League Division Three of the Leinster League. The club colours are black and red. They have 1st and 2nd Senior team, ladies team the Arklow Amazons, Under 18s Girls, Under 19's 17's, 15's, 13's, and full mini squads.

</doc>
<doc id="20737715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737715" title="Upernavik Municipality">
Upernavik Municipality

Upernavik Municipality was one of the municipalities of Greenland, until 31 December 2008. The municipality was home to approximately 3,000 people, while 1,144 live in the town of Upernavik, and the remainder live in ten other settlements, including Kullorsuaq, with a population of about 400. Air Greenland operates air services to Upernavik.

</doc>
<doc id="20737753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737753" title="Congregation Emanuel (Statesville, North Carolina)">
Congregation Emanuel (Statesville, North Carolina)

Congregation Emanuel is a Conservative synagogue in Statesville, North Carolina. Built in 1891, it is the oldest house of worship in Statesville and the third oldest synagogue building in the state. 
The synagogue is located near downtown Statesville and the campus of Mitchell Community College at 206 North Kelly Street.
History.
Jews are documented as living in Statesville before the Civil War, but the number of families was small and they gathered for prayer in private homes until a formal congregation was organized in 1883. Congregation Emanuel rented space for services in the Statesville Fireman's Hall for nine years before building a synagogue in 1891-2, at a time when Statesville had a sizeable Jewish population.
Architecture.
The brick, gable-end-to-the-street, Rundbogenstil building with its recessed, round-arch entrance and round-arch windows has suffered no major alterations in the century that it has served the Jewish community of Statesville. It is one of fewer than a hundred nineteenth-century synagogue buildings still standing in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20737761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737761" title="Chartthaipattana Party">
Chartthaipattana Party

The Chartthaipattana Party ( "Phak Chat Thai Patthana", CP, ) was founded on April 18, 2008, in anticipation of the December 2, 2008, Constitutional Court of Thailand ruling which dissolved the Chart Thai Party and banned its executive members from participating in politics for 5 years beginning at that date. Numerous former members of the Chart Thai Party joined the Chart Thai Patthana Party. Therefore, the Chart Thai Pattana party is the "de facto" successor party to the Chart Thai Party. The party's current leader is Chumpol Silpa-archa, the younger brother of former Prime Minister Banharn Silpa-archa, who has been banned from politics by the Constitutional Court. On December 15, 2008, the party joined the Democrat Party, in forming a six-party coalition government under Abhisit Vejjajiva. In Abhisit's cabinet, the CP supplyed the Deputy Prime Minister (Sanan Kachornprasart), the ministers of Tourism and Sports (Chumpol Silpa-archa), and Agriculture, and the deputy minister of Transport.
For the general election on 3 July 2011, Chartthaipattana forged an alliance with fellow coalition partner Bhumjaithai Party. The party's target was to win at least 30-35 seats and it was even hopeful that it could, as the third party, propose a 'reconciliation Prime Minister'. Eventually, the CP won 19 of the 500 seats in the House of Representatives. 
The party joined the Pheu Thai Party-led coalion government under Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20737779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737779" title="Yanta">
Yanta

Yanta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20737787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737787" title="Sisimiut Municipality">
Sisimiut Municipality

Sisimiut Municipality was a municipality in Greenland until 31 December 2008. Its administrative center was Sisimiut. Within its borders were also the settlements of Itilleq and Sarfannguaq, as well as the settlement of Kangerlussuaq, which has Greenland's largest airport. It was incorporated into the new Qeqqata municipality on 1 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20737830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737830" title="Hellbound (film)">
Hellbound (film)

Hellbound is a 1994 supernatural thriller film starring Chuck Norris, Calvin Levels and Christopher Neame. It was directed by Aaron Norris and written by Ian Rabin, Anthony Ridio and Brent Friedman. 
Plot.
Shatter (Chuck Norris) and Jackson (Calvin Levels) are two Chicago police officers sent to investigate the brutal murder of a rabbi. As the investigation begins, Shatter and Jackson are summoned to Israel for questioning. Upon arrival, they realize that they are, in fact, pursuing a supernatural being - Satan's emissary, Prosatanos - who tried to wrest control of the world from God during the crusades. Prosatanos, however, was stopped by King Richard who trapped him in a subterranean tomb. During this encounter with King Richard, the source of Prosatanos' power - his scepter - was shattered into nine pieces which were subsequently sent to nine holy places around the world. These pieces remained safe until the end of the 20th century when Prosatanos was inadvertently freed from the tomb by two unsuspecting grave robbers. Prosatanos eventually collects all nine pieces of his scepter. Detectives Shatter and Jackson must now fight him to save the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20737846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737846" title="Ivittuut">
Ivittuut

Ivittuut, formerly Ivigtût (Kalaallisut: "Grassy Place", is an abandoned mining town near Cape Desolation in southwestern Greenland. Its site is located in the modern Sermersooq municipality on the ruins of the former Norse Middle Settlement.
Ivittuut is one of the only locations in the world so far discovered to have naturally occurring cryolite (Na3AlF6, sodium aluminum fluoride), an important agent in modern aluminum extraction.
For the former U.S. Army post and Naval base at Ivigtut, see Bluie West Seven. For the former Royal Danish Navy base, see Gronnedal.
History.
The area was settled by about twenty farms of vikings, a district called the "Middle Settlement" by modern archaeologists from its placement between the larger Western and Eastern settlements. It is the smallest and least well known of the three, and no written records of its residents survive, for which reasons it is believed to have been established last (and abandoned first) of the three.
The town's cryolite deposit was discovered in 1799 and the veins of silver-bearing lead surrounding it were mined by the British engineer J.W. Tayler before the silver content was found to be too low to make the operation practical. Danish engineers began mining the cryolite itself in 1859 and in 1864 the Danish Kriolit Mine og Handels Selskabet was granted a monopoly on its extraction. These early mines simply processed the cryolite for its direct aluminum content and for sale to the Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Company, which used it to create caustic soda.
The 1884 establishment of the Hall-Heroult Process, which depends on the rare cryolite but dramatically improved the extraction of aluminum from bauxite ore, increased the deposit's importance. The Ivittuut mining operations were a major factor in the American occupation of Greenland during World War II. After World War II, the cryolite was mined by the Danish firm Kryolitselskabet Øresund, which helped fund the establishment of "Grønlandsfly", today's Air Greenland.
Cryolite was eventually synthesized, reducing the importance of the mine, and production was finally found uneconomical and discontinued in 1987. The community was abandoned soon after.
Trivia.
Ivittuut holds the record for Greenland's highest recorded temperature of . The lowest recorded temperature was .
Ivittuut and Kangilinnguit are connected by a road (which is roughly 5 km long), the only two towns in Greenland to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20737862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737862" title="The Country Hall of Fame – Patsy Cline">
The Country Hall of Fame – Patsy Cline

The Country Hall of Fame is a 1979 compilation album consisting of the popular hit singles by country music singer and Country Music Hall of Fame inductee, Patsy Cline. It was released on MCA Records.
"The Country Hall of Fame" was released six years after Patsy Cline had been inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame. It contained some of her biggest hit singles from the Decca Records label, such as "I Fall to Pieces," "Crazy," and "She's Got You." It also contained some less familiar song, such as "Anytime," "He Called Me Baby," and "When You Need a Laugh." The album contains sixteen tracks with eight tracks on each side of the record.
The record's mixing/mastering process muted the sound of some instruments or eliminated them altogether. The album was released to the United Kingdom by MCA Records Ltd. and the album was manufactured and distributed by CBS Records. In 1985, the album was reissued and retitled as, "Golden Greats."
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20737863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737863" title="David Koninck">
David Koninck

David de Koninck or David de Coninck (ca. 1644 Antwerp – after 1701, probably Brussels), also known as Rammelaer was a Flemish painter of the Baroque period who specialised in still lifes and landscapes with animals and hunting scenes.
Life.
He was apprenticed to Peeter Boel in 1659 and became a master in the Antwerp Guild of Saint Luke in 1663. He stayed together with Nicasius Bernaerts for several years in Paris, probably until 1669. Then he lived in Rome from 1671 to 1694. Here he became a member of the Bentvueghels, an association of mainly Dutch and Flemish artists working in Rome, and took the nickname (the so-called 'bent name') 'Rammelaer' (which means 'rattle'). On his return to the north he stayed for a time in Vienna. He was back in Antwerp in 1687. He moved to Brussels at some time between 1699 and 1701. In 1701 he became a member of the Brussels Guild of St. Luke.
Work.
He painted still lifes, including fruit still lifes and hunting still lifes, landscapes with hunting scenes and architectural paintings. The fact that his teacher Peeter Boel was a pupil of Jan Fijt explains the influence of Jan Fijt's style on de Coninck's work. 
His work had an impact on the work of Baldassare de Caro, Giovanni Crivelli, Nicola Malinconico, Franz Werner von Tamm and Jacob Xaver Vermoelen.

</doc>
<doc id="20737870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737870" title="Guangzhou Higher Education Mega Center">
Guangzhou Higher Education Mega Center

Guangzhou Higher Education Mega Center, Guangzhou University Town or Guangzhou University City () is an area featured by higher education institutions, located in Xiaoguwei Island () in Panyu District, Guangzhou, China. It was opened in 2004. With an area of approximately 17.9 km2 and 3.53 millions square meters of indoor space, the complex is capable of accommodating 350 to 400 thousand people.
Ten local higher education institutions set up campuses on the island with a total of 120,000 students. All except Guangzhou University (which was relocated to the Mega Centre) maintain their old campuses within the city. The ten institutions are:
Transportation.
The island can be accessed through the toll Nansha Port Expressway, which links the island to Haizhu District to the north and Panyu District to the south. A two-section cross-river tunnel provides alternative free of charge access to the island, linking it to the Luntou () area in Haizhu District via the planned Biological Island (). In addition, a bridge (now temporarily closed due to safety concern) connects the island to the southeast part of Haizhu district near the Yingzhou Ecological Park.
Two Guangzhou Metro stations are located on the island. The Higher Education Mega Center North Station () and Higher Education Mega Center South Station () of Line 4 provide access to Guangzhou's convenient metro system. 
The island is covered by a dozen of bus routes, with buses mainly running between the university town and the city centre of Guangzhou. In general, there are two types of bus service: Regular buses operate similarly to buses within the city and make frequent stops, so it takes longer to ride; commuter express buses dedicated to serve the university town mainly utilize the expressways and have less stops. Many of these express buses travel from and to the old campuses of the universities. There are also shuttle buses provided by some universities which travel between the old and new campuses. However, these buses are reserved for the university faculty and staff and therefore can not be used by the public or students.

</doc>
<doc id="20737875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737875" title="South Australian state election, 1899">
South Australian state election, 1899

State elections were held in Australia on 29 April 1899. All 54 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent liberal government led by Premier of South Australia Charles Kingston in an informal coalition United Labor Party led by Lee Batchelor defeated the conservative opposition led by Leader of the Opposition John Downer. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes. Although the conservatives won more seats, the liberal government retained power until later that year, when new conservative leader Vaiben Louis Solomon forced the government to resign, but only held office for one week. The liberals held government until the next election through leaders Frederick Holder and John Jenkins.

</doc>
<doc id="20737906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737906" title="Feathers (novel)">
Feathers (novel)

Feathers is a children’s historical novel by Jacqueline Woodson that was first published in 2007. The story is about a sixth grade girl named Frannie growing up in the ‘70s. One day an unexpected new student causes much chaos to the class because he is the only white boy in the whole school. "Feathers" grapples with concepts such as religion, race, hope, and understanding. The book examines what it was like to grow up right after segregation had been outlawed, how all people are equal, and that hope is everywhere. The book was a Newbery Honor winner in 2008.
Summary.
Taking place in the 1970s, in an urban all African American school, this book highlights the hard topics of racism, faith, hope, and disabilities. A white boy comes to the school and is soon dubbed “Jesus Boy”. His entrance as the only white student causes tension and misunderstandings. Some of the students believe that he is Jesus and others simply hope he is. He is very quiet and doesn’t let Trevor, the class bully, hurt him. He just calmly talks to Trevor and never retaliates.
Jesus Boy knows sign language which intrigues Frannie since she has known sign language her whole life. Frannie has grown up with a deaf older brother, and is very sensitive to how people treat and perceive him. She is hesitant about being friends with Jesus Boy because she does not understand him and wonders why he would cross over “the bridge” to their side. She is torn because she knows how difficult it can be to be the new kid, but she does not want to stand out. Frannie’s best friend Samantha believes that Jesus Boy truly is Jesus Christ and that he has come in this time of chaos and because of the war. During all that is going on Frannie onstantly thinks of the poem she read in class that said "Hope is the thing with feathers".
Jesus Boy is subject to a lot of bullying by Trevor. Trevor picks on Jesus Boy because he is the only one who is lighter skinned than himself. Trevor has a white father who left his mother before Trevor was born. One day Trevor is swinging and decides to try to jump off and land on a fence because he wants to feel like he is flying. He falls short and breaks his arm. When he comes back to school he is even angrier at Jesus Boy and tries to fight him with one arm. Jesus Boy is about to fight him back when Trevor falls in the snow. The class realizes that Jesus Boy is just a boy because Jesus would never fight someone. The class also realizes that Trevor is also just a boy and that they shouldn’t be afraid of him anymore. Jesus Boy and Frannie immediately go and help Trevor up out of the snow.
Later Samantha asks Frannie why she helped Trevor, and Frannie doesn’t know. Samantha then admits that she was wrong about Jesus Boy and says she doesn’t know what to believe in anymore. Frannie tries to comfort Samantha and says “Maybe there’s a little bit of Jesus inside of all of us. Maybe Jesus is just that something good or something sad or something... something that makes us do stuff like help Trevor up even when he is cursing us out. Or maybe... maybe Jesus is just that thing you had when the Jesus Boy got here, Samantha. Maybe Jesus is the hope that you were feeling” (p. 109).
At the end of the book Frannie reflects on all that has been happening in her life. She thinks of her mother’s baby, her brother, Samantha’s loss of faith, and, especially, Jesus Boy. She remembers the poem she read in class and decides “Each moment, I am thinking, is a thing with feathers”
MajorThemes.
Hope.
The title of the book, Feathers, is a metaphor that the book revolves around. Woodson introduces it through a poem that Frannie reads in class. 
After reading this, Frannie spends the rest of the book trying to understand hope. How does it have feathers?
Understanding.
The effort to understand one another was the focus of the sixth grade class as soon as Jesus Boy entered their classroom. Through Jesus Boy they realize that even the bully, Trevor, is a normal kid. After the fight Frannie realizes “Even though he was mean all the time, the sun still stopped and colored him and warmed him- like it did to everybody else” (p. 21)
Disabilities.
Frannie’s older brother is deaf and this is a source of tension throughout the story. Frannie feels compelled to protect her brother in a world of people who do not understand him. One difficulty Sean encounters is girls being attracted to him until they find out he is deaf. Woodson stated in an interview with NPR that she made Sean deaf in order to humanize the deaf. One scene in the book that does this well is when Frannie asks Sean what a guitar sounds like, a game they play with one another. His sign back is "Like rain. Coming down real soft when it’s warm out and you only get a little wet but not cold. That kind of rain.
Reception.
Feathers was well received by critics and the public alike. The book was good enough to win the Newbery Honor award in 2008. Robin Smith, of Book Page, said that the book filled him with "joy and hope." Norah Piehl, of Kids Reads, reviewed the book saying, "Set against the music, politics and conflicts of the early 1970s, Jacqueline Woodson's exceptional new novel grounds universal ideas in a particular time and place." Matt Berman, of Common Sense Media stated the book is beautifully written, lyrical, thoughtful, at times even wise and that it will also be loved by adults. One reviewer raved about the book but said “While the subject matter isn’t as controversial as some of Woodson’s others it might lead a child living in today’s society to have questions about race, segregation and religion”.
Reviews from the general public are greatly varied in their reception. One teacher stated “I'm actually quite surprised it won any kind of award” . Another teacher said Feathers was an “excellent, slice-of life story”. Overall, the book gets mostly high praise, and Jacqueline Woodson is hailed for her beautiful style of writing. One fan says Woodson writes “pages of poetry” and “without any heavy-handedness or manipulation”.
Other Books by Woodson.
Jaqueline Woodson has written 29 books spanning from picture books to young adult fiction. She has received numerous awards such as the Caldecott Award, Newbery Honor Award, and the Coretta Scott King Award. Feathers most resembles her novel Locomotion in which she “tackled grief, trauma, death survival, and hope”. all in a very short book. Feathers is also short but addresses big concepts of “hope, healing, faith, and understanding”. Both of the books are around 115 pages and adequately handle their difficult topics.

</doc>
<doc id="20737911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737911" title="Mildred Constantine">
Mildred Constantine

Mildred Constantine Bettelheim (1913 – December 10, 2008) was an American curator who helped bring attention to the posters and other graphic design in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in the 1950s and 1960s
Constantine (she used her maiden name professionally) was born in 1913 in Brooklyn, New York. She received bachelor's and masters degrees from New York University and attended the graduate school of the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
She worked for the College Art Association from 1931 to 1937 as an editorial assistant on the journal "Parnassus". She met Rene d'Harnoncourt, her future boss as director of the Museum of Modern Art, while she was working at the Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs.
She traveled to Mexico in 1936 as part of the leftist Committee Against War and Fascism, where she developed an interest Latin and Central American political graphics. A Latin American poster collection she organized was shown at the Library of Congress and became part of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's permanent collection.
From 1943 through 1970, Constantine worked in the architecture and design department of the Museum of Modern Art, as associate curator and later as curatorial consultant, where she helped popularize collections that were hard to categorize or had been ignored, which she called "fugitive material". Her 1948 exhibition "Polio Posters" was the museum's first devoted to causes, and included works she commissioned to help spread awareness of various social issues.
She organized solo exhibitions for graphic and product designers including Alvin Lustig, Bruno Munari, Massimo Vignelli and Tadanori Yokoo that were described by "The New York Times" as "career-defining". Her broader-themed exhibitions in the applied and decorative arts included "Olivetti: Design in Industry" in 1952, "Signs in the Street" in 1954 and the 1962 exhibit of "Lettering by Hand".
Constantine organized the 1968 exhibition titled "Word and Image", which was the first exhibition to focus on the posters in the museum's collection from the 20th century, and whose catalog is considered a major element documenting the history of the poster. In his January 1968 review of the exhibit, art critic John Canaday of "The New York Times" opened noting that "the Museum of Modern Art's new exhibition of posters, which opened yesterday under the title "Word and Image," is so handsome that for a minute you wonder why billboards are disfigurements", noting that the museum had held 35 prior poster exhibitions but that this was its most comprehensive and that while most posters look dated after a few years, the items Constantine selected from the museum's collection of 2,000 posters "are as forceful as when they were issued." Critic Hilton Kramer's review in The Times, described the exhibit as consisting of 300 posters from the period from 1879 to 1967, chosen by Constantine based on their "esthetic merit", though Kramer felt that the exhibit could not explain the late-1960s poster fad whose psychedelic designs he believed were no match for the graphic masterpieces of earlier days.
Following her 1971 departure from the Museum of Modern Art, she produced exhibitions and books on the subjects of caricature, cartoons, decorative arts and photography, including here work as curator of the 1988 "Frontiers in Fiber: The Americans" and the 2002 exhibit "Small Works in Fiber", both of which drew attention to textile and fiber art
Constantine died at age 95 on December 10, 2008 of heart failure in her home in Nyack, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20737915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737915" title="2008–09 Australian bushfire season">
2008–09 Australian bushfire season

The 2008–09 Australian bushfire season was the Australian bushfire season that ran from late December 2008 to April/May 2009. Above average rainfalls in December, particularly in Victoria, delayed the start of the season, but by January 2009, conditions throughout South eastern Australia worsened with the onset of one of the region's worst heat waves. On 7 February, extreme bushfire conditions precipitated major bushfires throughout Victoria, involving several large fire complexes, which continued to burn across the state for around one month. 173 people lost their lives in these fires and 414 were injured. 3,500+ buildings were destroyed, including 2,029 houses, and 7,562 people displaced.
Late 2008 had relatively few bushfires. Victoria in particular experienced higher than average rainfall in December, decreasing the fire danger in many regions of the state. Initial observations in October 2008 predicted an above average fire potential across Australia's coastal regions and a below average potential in Central Australia, where drought has reduced the available fuel.
In late January and early February, the effects of the 2009 southeastern Australia heat wave increased temperatures across south-eastern Australia, particularly in Victoria and South Australia, where several locations broke all time temperature records. Various days of high wind speed, combined with the hot dry conditions, created extreme bushfire conditions between 25 January and 7 February 2009.
Predictions and assessments.
In October 2008, fire potential in Australia was assessed as being above average around the coast of the continent and below average inland. La Niña conditions were observed during the latter portion of 2007 and early 2008. However, throughout the year the majority of the continent, except for far north Queensland and the northern Northern Territory, experienced much lower than normal rainfall. Central Australia had experienced below average rainfall for several years, reducing fuel and thus reducing the overall fire potential.
Timeline.
September–November.
In September, a lightning strike started a fire on the western side of Flinders Island in Bass Strait. Strong winds initially made containing the fire difficult.
December.
In Western Australia, bushfires were started by lightning strikes in the Cape Le Grand National Park, west of Esperance, on Friday, 19 December. Authorities maintained contact with 280 campers in the national park over the weekend and gave them the choice of leaving or staying. By Monday the 22nd, visitors to the park were unable to gain access; over 200 campers were relocated, while 75 campers decided to stay in the park. Crews from other regions of Western Australia were called in to assist local authorities over the weekend of 20–21 December.
January.
In late January, Victoria and South Australia experienced extreme fire conditions with temperatures in the low to mid 40s°C (104 °F) in Melbourne and Adelaide, higher in the northern parts of the states, and increasing wind speed.
The fires in late January were precipitated by the accompanying 2009 Southern Australia heat wave.
On 4 January, small fires in Koondrook, near Kerang, Victoria, burnt areas of River Red Gum forest along the Murray River.
On 28 January, multiple fires started throughout Victoria, the largest in McCrae on the Mornington Peninsula, which burnt of land alongside the Mornington Peninsula Freeway, threatening neighbouring houses. Authorities closed the freeway in both directions during the afternoon. The fire was contained by 6 pm with minimal property damage. The same day, a fire also burnt near Mount Disappointment, where smoke posed a danger to road users in the Clonbinane area, and a grass fire south of Winchelsea in Wurdiboluc, that burnt .
On the night of 28 January, CFA fire crews dealt with a small fire near Delburn in Gippsland which had burnt of land, and on the afternoon of 29 January, attended two more fires in the same area, one of which threatened a local pine plantation. Also on 29 January, the CFA attended, and soon controlled, two small grass fires near the city of Sale, which were thought to have been deliberately lit.
Late on 29 January and into the following morning, the two fires at Delburn had joined, and were being fought by over 500 personnel; the fires had burnt 10 km² in the area near Boolarra and Darlimurra, south of the city of Morwell.
Also, a fire in Branxholme, near Hamilton, started, threatening homes in Branxholme, and Byaduk. After burning the fire was contained and later controlled the following day.
By 30 January, the Delburn fire had spotted east towards Yinnar and Boolarra, and south towards Mirboo North. 15 different 'urgent threat' messages were delivered to Darlimurla, Yinnar, Boolarra and Mirboo North residents. Almost thirty homes were destroyed in the area.
On the evening of 31 January, fire crews focused on containing the fire's northern flank, which was within 2 km of the main power transmission lines supplying electricity to Melbourne from the Latrobe Valley; the fires also threatened the Hazelwood Power Station.
By 1 February, containment lines had been established around the Boolarra fires, although it was not yet under control. The fire had burned through 65 km² and destroyed 29 houses, along with various outbuildings and also livestock. On 3 February, authorities had divided the fires into six sectors, five of which were classified as contained, and only one, near Mirboo North, remained uncontained.
On 2 February, twenty-three new fires were lit – mostly due to lightning strikes – including three in the Bunyip State Park, and further fires near Drouin West and Leongatha. However, increased humidity helped contain the fires, according to a DSE duty officer.
Police believed that the fires that formed the Delburn/Boolarra complex were deliberately lit, and offered a reward for information leading to the arrest of suspected arsonists.
In the wake of the Gippsland fires, Bruce Esplin, the Victorian Emergency Services Commissioner, proposed a review of building regulations applicable in certain fire-prone areas, saying that "I believe that with the changes and the frequency and the severity of the bushfires we're experiencing, I think the community is going to have a rethink about where we build or if you build in a place like that". Also following those fires, Bob Cameron, the Victorian Minister for Emergency Services, announced that the Victorian government was considering ways to tackle arsonists, including the potential for a register of arsonists accessible to police.
A bushfire near Port Lincoln in South Australia destroyed two houses and several other buildings on 13 January. The fire was brought under control by midday on the 14th. The fire was driven by high temperatures (43 degrees Celsius; 109 degrees Fahrenheit) and strong north-westerly winds. A total of was burned by the fire, brought under control thanks to milder conditions on 14 January.
In the Blue Mountains, three bushfires burning on privately owned land were in the process of being contained. Authorities want to ensure that the fires don't enter a nearby national park where they could potentially spread throughout the Blue Mountains National Park.
On 1 February 2009 the New South Wales Rural Fire Service declared a Section 44 for 2 bushfires burning near Tumut, New South Wales and one near Cabramurra, New South Wales after being started by dry thunderstorm overnight on 31 January 2009. The Meadow Creek fire was contained after burning 50 hectares of bushland in the Minjary National Park approximately 8 kilometres northwest of Tumut. The Mill Creek fire was burning uncontained which has burnt approximately 20 hectares of bushland approximately fourteen kilometres south east of Tumut. Happy Valley fire is burning in a steep gorge within the Kosciuszko National Park approximately kilometre from Cabramurra and has burnt 60 hectares.
On 16 January 2009 a fire broke out around Bridgetown in the South West and destroyed at least three properties in the area. At the same time a fire that started in Two Rocks north of Perth burned over 8,000 hectares of bushland in and around Yanchep National Park. Also on 16 January, a fire burned 40 hectares of parkland in Kings Park, the most visited tourist attraction in the centre of Perth. The fire is suspected to have been deliberately lit.
February.
On 2 February 2009 a lightning strike from a thunderstorm in the area started a bushfire approximately ten kilometres from Barmedman, the New South Wales Rural Fire Service declared a Section 44 for the bushfire at 3am AEDT 3 February 2009. The fire burnt on private property and burnt approximately 320 hectares of scrub.
On 7 February, Victoria experienced one of the worst fire day conditions on record. Several locations recorded the highest temperatures since records began over 150 years ago, including Melbourne which recorded a temperature of 46.4°C, the hottest ever recorded in an Australian capital city. The dry conditions and high temperatures were paired with strong wind gusts of 100–120 km/h and by mid afternoon hundreds of fires were burning throughout the state. Small spot and grass fires burnt in various locations throughout the Greater Melbourne area, with many outlying suburbs/towns being affected by fires, particularly to the east and northeast.
173 people died and 414 were injured. 3,500+ buildings were destroyed including 2,029 houses. 7,562 people were displaced. Areas most affected included Kinglake, Marysville and surrounding areas, many areas in Western Victoria and towns south and southeast of Morwell in West Gippsland. The fires burnt 450,000+ hectares of land across Victoria in total.
On 12 February, a small fire ignited near the Main Yarra Trail in the Yarra Flats Park, on the western banks of the Yarra River and south of the Banksia Street Bridge, well within the Greater Melbourne area. The fire burnt between 3-5 hectares of grassland. Smoke from the fires carried north-west over Heidelberg and the northern suburbs of Melbourne.
On 15 February, Ferny Creek, Sherbrooke, Kallista, Tecoma and Belgrave residents were warned by the CFA to remain alert due to a 5-hectare fire in the Belgrave / Tecoma area. This was quickly contained without homes being threatened, though residents in those areas were warned of possible ember attack.
On 23 February, precipitated by erratic wind conditions and high temperatures, new fires were ignited at various locations around Victoria. New major fires included:
On 23 February fire broke out near Mundijong, which threatened 40 houses and burnt 18 hectares. It was contained in five hours.
March.
On 2 March, in anticipation and to create awareness of the extreme bushfire weather conditions predicted for the following days, many residents around Victoria received an SMS messages warning of the extreme fire danger conditions, from Victoria Police to Victorians with mobile phones as a technology trial. The message that read: "Msg from Vic Police:Extreme weather in Vic expected Mon night & Tues.High wind & fire risk.Listen to local ACB Radio for emergency updates.Do not reply to this". The message was sent to around 3-5 million phones throughout Victoria.
On 3 March, despite early rain across several parts of the state and the temperature predictions were downgraded from mid 30's to high 20's, however the wind conditions remained as predicted. Several new fires began around the state, the majority of which were small and able to be contained or extinguished quickly. A fire began near Doreel began sometime around 2-3pm and the CFA subsequently released an urgent threat message for communities in the immediate area as the fire has been fanned by strong northerly winds. The fire rating index was 170 as of 5pm. Emergency services received more than 300 calls, 56% of which were for fallen trees. Over 10,000 residents, particularly in southwestern and southeastern Victoria, lost power.
From the 4–6 March, favourable conditions including cooler temperatures and rain, enabled fire crews to contain and control many of the fires, including the major fires that started on 7 February. By mid March, many of the fires were extinguished completely.
On Sunday 22 March, lightning sparked several small fires in Victoria's east, mostly centred around Cann River. These are in mostly remote sections of forest and currently pose no threat to any communities.
On 17 March, an estimated 20 hectares fire, the cause of the fire hasn't been confirmed, occurred in the Dunsborough-Yallingup area, threatening homes and closing roads.

</doc>
<doc id="20737916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737916" title="Bhumjaithai Party">
Bhumjaithai Party

Bhumjaithai Party (BJT) (, "Phak Bhum Jai Thai", or Thai Pride Party, was founded on November 5, 2008, in anticipation of the December 2, 2008, Constitutional Court of Thailand ruling which dissolved its "de facto predecessor", Neutral Democratic Party, along with the People's Power Party (PPP), and Thai Nation Party.
After the dissolutions, former members of the Neutral Democratic Party and former members of the PPP faction, the Friends of Newin Group defected to this party.
On December 15, 2008, the party endorsed the Democrat Party, in forming a six-party coalition government under Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva. The party's "de facto" leader and power broker behind joining the Democrat-led coalition is Newin Chidchob. Due to his role as an executive of the PPP predecessor party, the Thai Rak Thai party which was dissolved in 2007, he became ineligible to be a party member for 5 years. It is alleged that Army commander and co-leader of the 2006 coup, General Anupong Paochinda, coerced the MPs of the Friends of Newin Group faction in the PPP to endorse a Democrat Party-led coalition. This secured enough parliamentary votes to allow Abhisit to be elected Prime Minister. Bhumjaithai was the second largest coalition partner in the Abhisit government, supplying the ministers of Transport, Commerce, and Interior (Chaovarat Chanweerakul), and four deputy ministers.
For the general election on 3 July 2011, Bhumjaithai forged an alliance with fellow coalition partner Chartthaipattana Party. The party aimed at winning as many as 111 seats in the new parliament. During the campaign, a main BJT canvasser, Suban Chiraphanwanit, was shot dead. Eventually, BJT won 34 of the 500 seats in the House of Representatives, which observers have interpreted as very disappointing for Bhumjaithai. Subsequently, the party's Matchima-faction, led by Somsak Thepsuthin, tried to join the Pheu-Thai-led coalition government of Prime Minister-designate Yingluck Shinawatra, despite the party's firmly outruling cooperation with Pheu Thai before the elections. However, Pheu Thai Party rejected a possible government participation of BJT members.
On September 14, 2012, Anuthin Charnweerakul was elected the new leader of the Bhumjaithai Party during the party's general assembly to elect a new 11-member executive committee. He replaced his father Chaovarat Chanweerakul, who had resigned. Also elected were Saksayam Chidchob as the new secretary-general, Nathee Ratchakijprakarn as treasurer, Sora-ath Klinprathum as an executive committee member and party advisory chairman and Supamas Issarapakdi as party spokeswoman.
Bhumjaithai has a populist platform, since some of the platform was drawn from Thaksin's populist Thai Rak Thai party, and the People's Power Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20737919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737919" title="Zong mobile payments">
Zong mobile payments

Zong is a mobile payment company that allows users to make micropayments on the Internet if they have a postpaid mobile phone. The payments are charged to their mobile phone bills by the mobile operator. The company was acquired by eBay in 2011.
Zong payments are only accepted by online games and social networks, and the service can be used to purchase virtual goods.
Awards and recognition.
Zong was awarded the 2009 Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Award for New Product Innovation in the Mobile Payments category.
Zong was recognized as one of the 2010 Lead411's "Hottest Silicon Valley Companies", a list of small, fast growing companies based in Silicon Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20737921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737921" title="Nevit Kodallı">
Nevit Kodallı

Nevit Kodallı (born 12 December 1924 in Mersin; died 1 September 2009 in Mersin) is a Turkish composer of western-influenced classical music including operas and ballets. In 1948 he travelled to Paris where he studied with Arthur Honegger and Nadia Boulanger. He returned in 1953 and from 1955 he taught at the Ankara State Conservatory.
His work includes oratorios and ballets from Turkish history as well as operas on the subjects of Gilgamesh and Vincent van Gogh.

</doc>
<doc id="20737933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737933" title="Tochacatl">
Tochacatl

El tochacatl, tochácatl, toxacatl o toxácatl is a group of aerophone instruments, of Mexican origin, whose main characteristics are being aspired instead of blown and do not have conical but tube mouthpieces. 
Prehispanic tochacatl was a straight, long rod. Afterwards, different forms and materials were adapted to the instrument.

</doc>
<doc id="20737939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737939" title="Ashbourne RFC">
Ashbourne RFC

Ashbourne RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Ashbourne, County Meath. They play in Division Two of the Leinster League. The club colours are black and gold.
The clubs ground at Miltown, Ashbourne, Co.Meath has recently hosted Ireland women's national rugby union team international matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20737941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737941" title="Lydia Wevers">
Lydia Wevers

Lydia Joyce Wevers, ONZM (born 1950), is a New Zealand literary critic, English language literary historian, editor, and book reviewer.
Wevers moved to New Zealand from the Netherlands in 1953.
Wevers is a former Vice-President of the New Zealand Book Council, and currently chairs the Trustees of the National Library. She was a member of the 2001 selection panel for the Arts Foundation of New Zealand Laureate Awards and is a member of the Arts Board of Creative New Zealand.
In the 2006 Queen's Birthday Honours, Wevers was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to literature.
Wevers is currently the Director of the Stout Research Centre at Victoria University of Wellington and reviews books for ‘Nine to Noon’ on National Radio as well as major newspapers, journals, and magazines.
Wevers currently lives in Wellington.

</doc>
<doc id="20737962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20737962" title="Avalon Rare Metals">
Avalon Rare Metals

Avalon Rare Metals Inc. is a mineral development company focused on rare metal deposits in Canada.
Its flagship project, the 100%-owned Nechalacho Deposit at Thor Lake, Northwest Territories, is exceptional in its large size and enrichment in the scarce 'heavy' rare earth elements (HREE), key to enabling advances in clean technology and other growing high-tech applications. With a positive feasibility study and positive Environmental Assessment approved, Nechalacho is now the most advanced potential large new source of heavy rare earths in the world outside of China, currently the source of most of the world's supply. Demand for HREE is currently growing rapidly because of their critical application in high strength permanent magnets which are vital to hybrid car technology and many popular consumer electronic products.
Avalon’s principal assets are its 100% owned Nechalacho Project (Yellowknife, Northwest Territories), Separation Rapids (near Minaki, Ontario), East Kemptville, Nova Scotia, Miramichi (New Brunswick), Lilypad Lakes (near Ignace, Ontario), Warren Township (Ontario) and Spor Mountain (near Delta, Utah).
Avalon is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange MKT under the symbol "AVL." It is also listed on the Frankfort Stock Exchange (FRA) under the symbol OU5.
Projects.
Nechalacho Rare Earth Elements Deposit.
Avalon’s most developed resource is the Nechalacho Rare Earth Elements Deposit, located 100 km southeast of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories, Canada. The Nechalacho Deposit contains the more valuable HREE such as europium, terbium, and dysprosium, along with neodymium. Avalon completed a Feasibility Study in April 2013, focused on defining high-grade, HREE-rich resources in the large Basal Zone of the deposit. Nechalacho is the first HREE project outside of China to have reached this milestone.
The Nechalacho Project is planned to consist of three facilities: an underground mine and concentrator, a hydrometallurgical plant and a rare earth refinery. 
On July 29, 2013, the Mackenzie Valley Environmental Impact Review Board ("MVEIRB")completed its Report of Environmental Assessment and recommended approval of the Nechalacho Project. On November 4, 2013, the Federal government approved the Project, allowing the Company to proceed with formal applications for the required land use permits and water licenses to MVEIRB.
First Nations Agreements.
The Nechalacho Project at Thor Lake is situated in an area known as the Akaitcho Territory which is subject to a comprehensive land claim negotiation between several communities of the Dene Nation and Canada's federal government. In 2012, Avalon completed an Accommodation Agreement with the Deninu Kue First Nation. The Accommodation Agreement provides business and employment opportunities for the Deninu Kue related to the project and contains measures to mitigate environmental and cultural impacts that may result from the project development. In February 2014, the company signed a Participation Agreement with the Northwest Territory Metis Nation. Avalon has also entered into negotiation agreements with the Lutsel K'e Dene First Nation, Yellowknives Dene First Nation, Hay River Metis Council and North Slave Metis Nation. The initial agreement in discussion is often referred to as a memorandum of understanding and is done in order to frame the negotiations towards an impacts and benefits-type agreement.
Separation Rapids.
Avalon is also developing a lithium (petalite) deposit, located 70 km north of Kenora in Ontario, Canada. The Separation Rapids property is host to a large “complex-type" pegmatite known as the Big Whopper; it is the fourth example in the world of a rare metal pegmatite with the size required to be of major economic importance. The strike length of the Big Whopper Pegmatite is over 1.5 km and the width ranges from 10 to 70 metres. The mineralized zone is well exposed at surface in a low dome-shaped hill. This part of the deposit will be readily amenable to mining by low-cost quarrying methods.
Corporate Sustainability.
Avalon has made social responsibility, health and safety and environmental stewardship its cornerstones of development. In 2011, Avalon produced its first full corporate sustainability report, entitled "Journey to a Sustainable Future", prepared within the framework of the GRI version G3.1 The Report incorporates a self-assessment of Avalon's 2011 performance and sets future targets against the Mining Association of Canada's "Toward Sustainable Mining" Indicators. In June 2013, Avalon released a summary brochure of its 2012 activity entitled "Rooted in Sustainability". A 2013 Sustainability Report "Align. Optimize. Innovate." was released in December 2013.
University Student Outreach Initiative.
In 2011, Avalon established its University Student Outreach Initiative to build and enhance the talent pools needed to design, improve and operate future facilities. Given the limited rare metals course material in Canadian universities, Avalon has partnered with several institutions to promote knowledge of rare metals within university curriculum. Institutions include: Canadian MBA Leadership Conference, McGill University, Ryerson University, Schulich School of Business, York University, Schulich School of Business, University of British Columbia, Mining Engineering, University of Toronto, University of Windsor, Waterloo Institute of Nanotechnology and Western University.
Company representatives have delivered lectures to undergraduate chemistry, metallurgy, mining and geology classes, led graduate business seminars and sponsored student projects and case competitions. Avalon has also sponsored students to participate in industry conferences and provided research initiatives, cultivating the next generation of engineers and business leaders.
In addition, Avalon continues to actively organize, sponsor and participate in numerous PDAC and other major industry forums focused on technical and CSR-related specialties, as well as local community education programs.

</doc>
<doc id="20738066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738066" title="Stryken">
Stryken

Stryken (originally known as Stryker) was a 1980s Christian heavy metal/hard rock band based in the north Austin, Texas suburb of Cedar Park. Using stage names, the group consisted of Dale Streiker (vocals, lead guitar), Stephen Strieker (vocals, rhythm guitar), Joey Knight (drums), and Ezekiel Vade (bass guitar).
Often characterized as a mere clone of Stryper (another more prominent Christian metal band popular at the time), Stryken issued several releases on their own private label, Crystal Records, including the 1986 12" single with the tracks, "Rock On" and "Surprise", and the 1987 full-length album, "First Strike" (which has since been reissued with previously unreleased material).
The band's lyrics made prominent use of Biblical verses such as the anthemic song, "Crush the Head of Satan", which was a reference to the Old Testament prophetical verse of Genesis 3:15 and the New Testament verse of Romans 16:20. Many believed that the song's figuratively violent lyrics promoted actual physical violence which the band did not deny but rather affirmed with the statement that any such violence was "well directed".
In June 1987, the members of Stryken were detained by police after disrupting a Mötley Crüe concert in San Antonio, Texas. Carrying a large wooden cross and clad in full body armor (inspired by the theological teaching of the "Armor of God" as found in the sixth chapter of the New Testament book, Ephesians), Stryken first proselytized concertgoers outside of the venue and then proceeded inside to the front of the stage. After being detained by police, the band was released without charges.
The members of Stryken all used stage names to conceal their true identities. One of the members of Stryken, stage name, Stephen Streiker, (birth name, Stephen Hopkins) has gone on to "repent" of his career in "Christian rock", which he now refers to as, "a contradiction of terms". Today Hopkins serves as an elder and pastor of a "family-integrated" reformed Baptist church in Burnet, Texas, and is the father of sixteen children. He also authored the book, The Cult of Jabez, and the falling away of the church in America.

</doc>
<doc id="20738085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738085" title="Indestructible in Germany">
Indestructible in Germany

Indestructible in Germany is a live DVD by American rock band Disturbed. The DVD contains six live tracks from Disturbed's performance at Rock Am Ring in Nürburgring, Germany, recorded on June 7, 2008.
DVD track listing.
All tracks written, arranged and performed by Disturbed

</doc>
<doc id="20738108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738108" title="Weiyang">
Weiyang

Weiyang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20738119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738119" title="South Australian state election, 1902">
South Australian state election, 1902

State elections were held in Australia on 3 May 1902. All 42 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The House had a reduction of 12 seats compared to the previous election. The incumbent liberal government led by Premier of South Australia John Jenkins in an informal coalition with the conservatives defeated the United Labor Party led by Thomas Price. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20738215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738215" title="John Hills">
John Hills

John Hills is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20738300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738300" title="Benny Scott">
Benny Scott

Benny Scott (born February 4, 1945, in Los Angeles, California, died September 25, 2009), was a second-generation African American race car driver, a rarity in the motor racing industry. Scott's father, Bill “Bullet” Scott, inspired his son racing midgets in Southern California in the 1930s.
Early career.
In 1968, Scott quickly recognized the enormous sums of money it took to race cars, so he earned his master’s degree in psychology. He taught psychology at Los Angeles Harbor College while competing in foreign stock car events in Southern California at the height of the Vietnam War, driving a Renault 4CV. He finished the season ranked 10th in points. In 1969, he returned with an advanced tubular chassis Renault with a Gordini engine and won the Foreign Stock Car Association of Southern California title, his first championship. Shortly thereafter he transitioned into road racing, driving an Austin-Healey Bug-Eyed Sprite in the H-Production class and Formula B cars at Riverside International Raceway in Riverside, California, earning his Sports Car Club of America (SCCA) license.
Mel Leighton, a Los Angeles-based African American racing pioneer whose career had begun before the Second World War, introduced Scott to Leonard W. Miller, an African American businessman and president of Dynamic Programs, Inc., a manpower consulting firm in Trenton, New Jersey.
Joining a team.
In 1971, Miller organized Vanguard Racing, Inc. to field Benny Scott in Formula A, to prepare him over five years for the Indianapolis 500. Vanguard’s board of directors included Paul Jackson, president of Jackson & Sanders Construction Company, Sargent Shriver, first head of the Peace Corps and former Ambassador to France, who was the Democratic candidate for vice president in the 1972 presidential election, Washington Redskins defensive halfback Brig Owens, and Richard Deutsch, chairman of the board of Harbor Oil Corporation.
Scott drove the Vanguard Formula A in a McLaren M10-A, powered with a 500-horsepower Chevrolet V-8 in the L & M Continental 5000 Championship and SCCA events. Drivers came from as far away as Melbourne, Australia to compete in Formula A. Scott won the CSCC-SCCA Southern Pacific Division Championship in 1972 with the McLaren M10-A.
Scott was featured in Champion Spark Plug’s first national print advertising featuring an African American driver, in a campaign that ran in several national magazines tilted “Fast Road to Indianapolis.” The ad showed Scott standing beside a Vanguard McLaren M10-A. Champion became a secondary sponsor for Black American Racers, Inc. and a charter member of the Black American Racers Association (BARA).
BARA was created in 1972 by Leonard W. Miller, Ron Hines, Wendell Scott, and Malcolm Durham. This organization blossomed into a nationwide membership of 5000, supporting all African American efforts in various categories of auto racing competition. BARA also served as a support network for Benny Scott’s extraordinary motor racing ambition in the aftermath of America's Civil Rights era.
In addition to Benny Scott, Vanguard Racing, Inc. fielded a white driver, John Mahler, in the 1972 Indianapolis 500. Vanguard’s concept was to use Mahler as a development coach and a conduit for Scott’s preparation for the Indianapolis 500 in subsequent years. However, many of Vanguard’s stockholders were so exuberant over the Indianapolis experience with John Mahler that they lost their patience to develop Benny Scott. As a result, they disbanded.
National sponsorship.
In 1973, Leonard W. Miller formed Black American Racers, Inc. (BAR) from his offices located at 130 West State Street in Trenton, New Jersey. BAR secured sponsorship from Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company (Viceroy Cigarettes). The sponsorship included an internal plan dubbed “Road to Indy.” This progression strategy put Scott in Formula Super Vee (FSV) competition in SCCA, International Motor Sports Association (IMSA), and the Robert Bosch Gold Cup series on road courses throughout America including Watkins Glen, Lime Rock, Road Atlanta, Laguna Seca, and Road America.
Scott achieved several podium finishes in Lola T-324 FSVs purchased from Carl Haas. His most memorable event was at Laguna Seca Raceway in Monterey, California on May 4, 1975, where he achieved pole position at 100.882 mph. He was the first driver ever to top 100 mph in a Formula Super Vee at Laguna Seca. In addition, he was the fastest driver during the entire weekend and bested his qualifying speed in the race at 101.111 mph. He was even faster than Germany’s legendary Hans-Joachim Stuck, who drove a BMW 3.0 CSL in another series. On the last lap of the race, approaching the finish line, Scott was beaten by inches by Freddie Phillips in his Eldon Mk 14B. Other drivers who emerged from FSV included Howdy Holmes, Bob Lazier, and Bill Alsup. All three qualified for the Indianapolis 500 in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Inaugural Long Beach Grand Prix.
Brown & Williamson Tobacco was more than pleased with Scott’s development. The company advanced BAR into Formula 5000 racing, competing at the same circuits with legends such as Al Unser, Mario Andretti, David Hobbs, Brian Redman, Jackie Oliver, and Jody Scheckter.
Scott’s most notable race in Formula 5000 was the inaugural Long Beach Grand Prix on September 28, 1975, where he qualified the BAR Lola T332 24th on the grid of the 30 drivers that qualified for the race out of 60 entrants from five countries. Viceroy sponsored Unser and Andretti under Vel’s Parnelli Jones as well. Benny finished 11th in the grand prix, his third race in the 210-mph Lola T332. The Viceroy Parnelli cars expired, due to mechanical failures.
At the end of the 1975 season, Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company withdrew their entire auto racing sponsorships around the globe as a result of internal union pressures to curtail promotional dollars. (BAR was unable to replicate the sponsorship.)
Hall of Fame.
In 1976, Benny Scott was inducted into the Black Athletes Hall of Fame at the New York Hilton. Actor Bill Cosby was the master of ceremonies. A legion of athletes and sports icons were inducted, including football great Frank Gifford, ABC-TV commentator Howard Cosell, boxing promoter, Don King, NBA player Earl “The Pearl” Monroe of the New York Knickerbockers, and boxer Joe Frazier. The black-tie event was attended by more than 1000 spectators and VIPs.
In 1978, Benny Scott returned to Formula Super Vee racing and finished the season for BAR’s African American driver Tommy Thompson, after Thompson death in a crash in September at the Trenton Speedway in Trenton, New Jersey in a Formula Super Vee race (called Mini-Indy cars at this time). Scott never competed after 1978, because of a lack of further corporate sponsorship.
Retirement.
Benny Scott's wife, Shill Scott, was extremely supportive during his racing career. She died in 1994. They had one son, Damien. Benny also had another son, Eric Parker, who was born and adopted out in 1964. Benny and Eric were reunited in the mid 1990s. Scott worked many years as a psychology professor in Southern California. In 2001, he left his home in Malibu and retired from his position as dean of academic affairs at Los Angeles Mission College to an island in Washington State. He is the most educated African American race car driver to date to reach the professional ranks in open wheel racing. Leonard W. Miller, Ron Hines, and Benny Scott remain close friends.

</doc>
<doc id="20738304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738304" title="Louise Upston">
Louise Upston

Louise Upston (born c 1971) is a National Party Member of Parliament, representing Taupō since November 2008.
Member of Parliament.
Upston was elected to Parliament at the 2008 general election.
She received small notability in the media for comments made in her Maiden Statement to the House of Representatives, such as her slogan approach to crime: 
"The police are good. The criminals are bad. It's that simple."

</doc>
<doc id="20738326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738326" title="Type 60 Self-propelled 106 mm Recoilless Gun">
Type 60 Self-propelled 106 mm Recoilless Gun

The is a light anti-tank vehicle developed by Japan in the late 1950s. It mounts two M40 106 mm recoilless rifles as its main armament.
Development.
In the mid-1950s the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force contracted for one prototype from Komatsu (SS1) and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (SS2) powered by a 110 hp six-cylinder diesel engine and fitted with two recoilless rifles. They were delivered in 1956. A second series of prototypes was built with 4 recoilless rifles, but adoption of the American M40 forced the reversion to two weapons. A third series of three prototypes was built by Komatsu as the SS4 that were heavier with a more powerful engine, a new transmission and clutch and a two-speed auxiliary transmission. They were accepted into service in September 1960.
Starting in 1974 a 150 hp Komatsu SA4D105 air-cooled, 4-cylinder diesel engine was fitted.
Operation.
The commander is seated to the left of the two weapons and his position is attached to their mounting so that he remains at the same height when they are elevated for firing. The M40s can be fired from the lowered position, but their traverse is limited to 20°, elevation to +10° and depression to -5°. The elevation mechanism is manually operated. The loader is seated to the left of the commander and must exit through his rear-opening hatch to reload the recoilless rifles while on top of the engine deck or behind the vehicle. 
Only 6 rounds of ammunition are stowed on board.
As of 2001, Japan reported to the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs that 140 Type 60s were in service.
Similar vehicles.
M50 Ontos

</doc>
<doc id="20738345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738345" title="Paamiut Municipality">
Paamiut Municipality

Paamiut Municipality was a municipality in Greenland until 31 December 2008. Its area is now incorporated into the new Sermersooq municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20738358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738358" title="Shōnen Sekai">
Shōnen Sekai

, is one of the first "shōnen" magazines published by Hakubunkan specializing in children's literature, published from 1895 to 1914. "Shōnen Sekai" was created as a part of many magazine created by Hakubunkan that would connect with many different parts of society in Japan. Sazanami Iwaya created the "Shōnen Sekai" magazine after he wrote "Koganemaru" a modern piece of children's literature. After Japan had a war with Russia, a female adaptation of "Shōnen Sekai" was created named "Shōjo Sekai". Also some children's books were translated to Japanese and published in "Shōnen Sekai". The magazine had many features too, such as sugoroku boards and baseball cards. "Shōnen Sekai" was mentioned in many American novels but no series were actually translated.
History.
Japanese publisher Hakubunkan was aiming to create a large variety of magazines that would appeal to many different parts of society: "Taiyō", "Bungei Club", and "Shōnen Sekai" were the magazines created and all debuted in 1895 (the Meiji era). On the cover of the first issue of "Shōnen Sekai" it pictured both Crown Prince Munehito, and the other Empress Jingu who was conquering Sankan (three ancient kingdoms of Korea). Inside of the issue were stories about these matters and Toyotomi Hideyoshi's raid on Korea in 1590. The pioneer of modern Japanese children's media Sazanami Iwaya wrote the first modern children's story "Koganemaru" in 1891 and also started "Shōnen Sekai" in 1895. Shunrō Oshikawa invented the "adventure manga" genre, with his works being published many times in both "Shōnen Sekai" and "Shōnen Club" and compiled into tankōbon format. In the middle of the Sino-Japanese War "Shōnen Sekai" featured many stories based on war, or acts of bravery upon war. After the Sino-Japanese War, "Shōjo Sekai" was created as a sister magazine geared towards the female audience. Even before "Shōnen Sekai" debuted, Hakubunkan created special magazine issue that would focus on the Sino-Japanese War.
Features.
The "Shōnen Sekai" magazine had many add-ins such as sugoroku boards. The sugoroku "Shōnen Sekai Kyōso Sugoroku" was originally produced as a supplement to the "Shōnen Sekai" magazine and his currently seen at the Tsukiji Sugoroku Museum in Japan. Also packs of baseball cards were featured in the magazine in a February 1915 issue of "Shōnen Sekai". Players that were included into the pack were Fumio Fujimura, Makoto Kozuru, Shigeru Chiba and Hideo Fujimoto. Many manga and children's literature were featured in "Shōnen Sekai". An example of this was Iwaya Sazanami (the creator of "Shōnen Sekai")'s "Shin Hakken-den" which had the concept of rewarding the good and punishing the evil a common theme to children's fiction in the 20th century. "Shin Hakken-den" was based on "Nansō Satomi Hakkenden" from the Edo period by Takizawa Bakin. "Shōnen Sekai" carried many stories based on war, and acts of bravery upon war written by Hyōtayu Shimanuki -. In "Shōnen Sekai" some titles were also translated from other languages, for example: "Deux ans de vacances" (an obscure French novel from the 1800s) was translated to Japanese by Morita Shiken under the title and "The Jungle Book" was also published in "Shōnen Sekai".
"Shōnen Sekai" media in the English language.
"Shōnen Sekai" was mentioned various times in many English novels. In the novel "The New Japanese Women: Modernity, Media, and Women in Interwar Japan" mentioned "Shōnen Sekai" in the notes to chapter 3 as one of many magazines that Hakubunkan made to relate to different parts of society. "The New Japanese Women" was originally in English, written by Barbara Hamill Sato and published by Duke University Press. "Daily Lives of Civilians in Wartime Asia: From the Taiping Rebellion to the Vietnam War" also mentioned "Shōnen Sekai" as a popular magazine of that time, with an additional mention to "Shōjo Sekai", its female equivalent. The book was published by Greenwood Publishing Group. "Issei: Japanese Immigrants in Hawaii" mentioned "Shōnen Sekai" as just a publication of Hakubunkan. In the novel "No Sword to Bury: Japanese Americans in Hawai'i During World War II" had mention of Shimanuki Hyotayu who writes about immigration matters in "Shōnen Sekai". "Shōnen Sekai" was also mentioned in both "The Similitude of Blossoms: A Critical Biography of Izumi Kyōka (1873–1939), Japanese Novelist and Playwright" and "Japan's Modern Myths: Ideology in the Late Meiji Period".
The closest thing to an actual series published in English was "The Jungle Book" which was originally in the English language. "The Jungle Book" was published in the United States by Macmillan Publishers in 1894 and is currently being published by them in London.
Reception.
"Shōnen Sekai" was one of the most popular children's magazines of its day. Many other children's magazines of that time had very low circulations and were very short lived. "Shōnen Sekai" was the first of its kind and ran continuously from 1895 to 1914. ""Shōnen sekai" educated and entertained at least two generations of Japanese children"

</doc>
<doc id="20738379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738379" title="Two to Make It Right">
Two to Make It Right

"Two to Make It Right" is the title of a popular song by the American girl group Seduction. It appears on the group's first album, "Nothing Matters Without Love". The music video was directed by Stu Sleppin and produced by Bob Teeman.
Released as a single in late 1989, "Two to Make It Right" reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the USA in February 1990, staying there for two weeks behind "Opposites Attract" by Paula Abdul. The song also spent one week at the top of the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in January 1990 and twelve weeks on the chart.
"Two to Make It Right" contains a sample of the song "Kiss" as performed by The Art of Noise featuring Tom Jones. and a sample of "It Takes Two" by Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock, which itself contains a sample of Lyn Collins's "Think (About It)"; the latter song has its roots in James Brown's famous and often sampled "Yeah! Woo!" drum break.
Charts.
End of year charts.
1 by DJ Seduction

</doc>
<doc id="20738380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738380" title="South Australian state election, 1905">
South Australian state election, 1905

State elections were held in Australia on 27 May 1905. All 42 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent conservative government led by Premier of South Australia Richard Butler in an informal coalition with the liberals was defeated by the United Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Thomas Price. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes. After the election, Price forced Butler to resign with the support of eight liberals.

</doc>
<doc id="20738388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738388" title="T. N. Krishnan">
T. N. Krishnan

Trippunithura Narayana Krishnan (born 6 October 1928) is a Carnatic music violinist.
Personal life and background.
Krishnan was born in Tripunithura, Kerala to A. Narayana Iyer and Ammini Ammal. He learnt music from his father and was later mentored by Alleppy K.Parthasarathy a great patron of Music and sishya of Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar and later joined Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer.He was a Professor of Music at a music college in Chennai and later he was Dean of the School of Music and Fine Arts at the University of Delhi.
TN Krishnan is married to Kamala Krishnan and has two children, Viji Krishnan Natarajan, and Sriram Krishnan. Both Viji Krishnan Natarajan and Sriram Krishnan are well-known violinists and follow the footsteps of their father. T N Krishnan's sister N Rajam is a famous violin player in Hindusthani tradition.
Career.
TN Krishnan, a child prodigy, made his debut concert at the age of eight. At a young age he accompanied legends like Ariyakudi Ramanuja Iyengar, Musiri Subrmania Iyer, Alathur Brothers, Chembai Vaidyanatha Bhagavatar and Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer.
Krishnan first arrived in Madras in 1942. Sri Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer installed him in the care of Sri R. Aiyadurai, a prominent industrialist, philanthropist and connoisseur of Carnatic Music. Mr. Aiyadurai and his wife Smt. Thangam Aiyadurai welcomed the young Krishnan in to their home as their own. The Krishnan family and the Aiyadurai family share close ties till date.
His performance gives the importance he gave to expressional restraint. He scans the ragas with an eye on beauteous light and shade. In the present generation of musicians, he is one of the few instrumentalists who can provide this experience to listeners and create in their minds nostalgic memories of a bygone era. He travels extensively on musical tours all over the world.
In the midst of his concert commitments Krishnan has also carried on his father's tradition of teaching music to a number of students, both in the traditional parampara setting and more formal academic environments. Among his many talented students, some are, his daughter Viji Krishnan Natarajan, his son Sriram Krishnan, Charumathi Raghuraman etc.
Awards and titles.
Krishnan was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1974 and became a fellow of the academy in 2006. He received the Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1980. Krishnan was awarded the Padma Shri in 1973 and the Padma Bhushan in 1992 by the Government of India. 
He received the Sangeetha Kalasikhamani award for the year 1999 given by The Indian Fine arts Society, Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="20738416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738416" title="Jacqueline Priestman">
Jacqueline Priestman

Jacqueline Priestman is a British woman from Manchester who became notable for frequently collecting an excess of static electricity on her body, resulting in various household electrical malfunctions (such as exploding electrical sockets). Her plight was remedied by eliminating the artificial fiber carpeting in her home and the application of static discharge devices. 

</doc>
<doc id="20738470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738470" title="Lat-Lon, LLC">
Lat-Lon, LLC

Lat-Lon provides Global Positioning System (GPS) tracking and monitoring solutions to the transportation industry. Lat-Lon was founded in 1999 by Dave Baker and Steve Tautz. Lat-Lon is a privately held limited liability company and is partially owned by Tegra Corp of Sioux City, IA, founded in 1918.
Lat-Lon's RailRider units are deployed world wide on railcars, semi-trailers, shipping containers, locomotives, delivery vehicles, heavy equipment, and barges. Lat-Lon has several patents for its unique, self-contained, solar powered, GPS tracking and monitoring units. Lat-Lon collects data from intelligent wireless sensing devices and this information is communicated through cellular (GPRS), radio, or satellite modem to Lat-Lon for further processing. Customers can access data from anywhere through the Internet.
Shippers use the location and monitoring data to improve utilization, productivity, reduce maintenance, increase security, and improve customer support. Managers can quickly get answers to their logistics questions by running reports or viewing maps on the website. Data can also be passed directly to corporate fleet management computer systems for a complete integrated system with all lading information
Image: Solar Powered Tracking Unit (STU)

</doc>
<doc id="20738478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738478" title="Tyson Strachan">
Tyson Strachan

Tyson Strachan (born October 30, 1984) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman for the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League. He was drafted by the Carolina Hurricanes in the fifth round, 137th overall, in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
He played at Ohio State University for four seasons (2003–07), and with the Albany River Rats in the American Hockey League in 2006-07 for one game, before joining the Peoria Rivermen (AHL) and Las Vegas Wranglers (ECHL) in 2007-08.
He was signed as a free agent by the St. Louis Blues on October 9, 2008. During the 2008–09 season he was recalled from the Peoria Rivermen under emergency conditions on December 16, 2008, after playing in two pre-season games with the Blues and 28 games for the Rivermen. He made his NHL debut on December 18, against the Washington Capitals at Washington and three nights later scored his first NHL Point (assist) on December 21 against the Boston Bruins, at St. Louis.
Florida Panthers.
On July 12, 2011, Strachan agreed to one-year, two-way deal with Florida Panthers. On January, 23, 2012, he was called up to replace injured defenceman Dmitri Kulikov. On February 1, 2012, he recorded his 1st point as a Panther with an assist on a Mikael Samuelsson goal on a wrist shot from almost Center Ice. He recorded his 1st career goal on February 12, 2012 against Evgeni Nabokov of the New York Islanders. It was a one-timer from the point off a faceoff win by Marcel Goc.
Washington Capitals.
On July 8, 2013, Strachan agreed to one-year, two-way deal as a free agent with the Washington Capitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20738490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738490" title="South Australian state election, 1906">
South Australian state election, 1906

State elections were held in Australia on 3 November 1906. This was a double dissolution election, and in the South Australian House of Assembly, all 42 seats were up for election. The incumbent United Labor Party government led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Price defeated the opposition led by Leader of the Opposition Richard Butler. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20738494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738494" title="Gerd Sommerhoff">
Gerd Sommerhoff

Gerd Walter Christian Sommerhoff OBE (born Wiesbaden, Germany 13 February 1915, died Cambridge, England 28 April 2002) was a pioneer of theoretical neuroscience and a noted humanist.
A great-grandson of the German composer Robert Schumann, he was living in England at the onset of the Second World War. As a foreign national, he spent at least two years in an internment camp in Canada before returning to England where he took up a post teaching science at the Dragon School in Oxford. While there, he developed what was really an early form of CBT without computers, using boxes of numbered cards, containing questions, answers, tutorial material, or descriptions of experiments, on a variety of different subjects.
Sommerhoff later became a Research Fellow in Systems Theory at University College, London. In parallel with this position, he taught technology at Sevenoaks School. In 1984, he retired from teaching and moved to Trinity College, Cambridge.
Some of his students were Tim Hunt, John Paul Morrison, and Richard Veryard.
Alice Hemmings reported historical allegations of sexual assault and abuse dating from 1976 in The Sevenoaks Chronicle. The assault was reported to the Kent Police force by Stuart Neilson in 2012. Gerd Sommerhoff was also alleged to have displayed pornography or child pornography to pupils and to have made obscene sexual remarks that included boasts of bestiality. In a further development, Sevenoaks School agreed to settle a compensation claim by another pupil sexually abused by Gerd Sommerhoff at Sevenoaks School when he was 12 years old. There is evidence that those who worked with Sommerhoff were aware of and chose not to report the abuse. Several further witnesses and victims have subsequently been identified, indicating that Gerd Sommerhoff was a preferential paedophile attracted to prepubescent and pubescent boys. He was also described on BBC News as "Sevenoaks School's Jimmy Savile".
Early life and family.
Gerd Sommerhoff and his twin sister were born in Wiesbaden, Germany, to Elizabeth Ruher and Walter Georg Sommerhoff, a wealthy banker who was born in New York to Elise Schumann, the third child of Robert and Clara Schumann. The Sommerhoff family resided in Haarlem, Netherlands, until the loss of the family fortune in the Wall Street crash and the death of their father "in compromising circumstances". The two younger children moved to Ryde on the Isle of Wight in 1931 with their mother Elizabeth Sommerhoff when she married Major Bernard Francis Anne Vernon-Harcourt, while their elder brother, Walter Hans Sommerhoff, emigrated to Santiago, Chile.
Gerd Sommerhoff studied engineering at Zurich Polytechnic and philosophy, politics and economics at Oxford University. Although Gerda Sommerhoff was exempted from internment as an enemy alien in 1939, Gerd Sommerhoff was interned in Canada until 1942. Gerda Sommerhoff, a model for Vogue magazine, sculptor and photographer, emigrated to Santiago, Chile, where she married Juan Eduardo Subercaseaux and had five children. Upon release from internment, Gerd Sommerhoff taught science at the Dragon School and presented science programmes for the BBC from 1960-1962 before being recruited to Sevenoaks School in 1963 by headmaster Kim Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="20738531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738531" title="Majdal Yaba">
Majdal Yaba

Majdal Yaba () was a Palestinian Arab village in the Ramle Subdistrict, located northeast of Ramla and east of Jaffa. A walled city stood at the same site as early as 3000 BCE, and Majdal Yaba is first mentioned by the name Aphek in Egyptian Execration texts dating to the 19th century BCE. In the Bible's Old Testament, Aphek is described as a city conquered from the Canaanites by the Israelites, who then lost it to the Philistines. It is also mentioned in extrabiblical Babylonian and Assyrian texts as a Philistine stronghold. Under Roman rule, the city was known as Antipatris and the Crusaders, who built a fort there, renamed it Mirabel. During the Islamic period it became known as Majdal Yaba. For a short time under Ottoman rule, its name was changed from Majdal Yaba to Majdal Sadiq and then back again.
Incorporated into Mandatory Palestine in 1922, Majdal Yaba was captured by Israeli forces during the 1948 Arab–Israeli war on July 12, 1948. The town was depopulated as a result of the military assault. The number of refugees from Majdal Yaba was estimated at 1,763 in 1948, and they and their descendants were estimated to number over 10,000 in 1998. The Israeli locality of Rosh HaAyin was established on the village lands in 1950, followed by the moshav of Giv'at HaShlosha in 1953.
History.
Antiquity.
Majdal Yaba stood on the site of a walled city in 3000 BCE, and is first mentioned as Aphek in the Ancient Egyptian Execration texts of the 19th century BCE, as well as the 15th century topographical list of Thutmose III. According to biblical tradition, the Israelites under Joshua conquered the city from the Canaanites who had established a monumental palace there. With the Philistines advancing toward the city, the Israelites fled towards the hills of Samaria, and Aphek became the northernmost locality in Philistia. The Philistine army assembled in Aphek for two major battles against the Israelites, including the slaughter of Saul and Jonathan on Mount Gilboa and the capture of the Ark of the Covenant (1066 BCE) (). From then on, the city is not mentioned in the Bible, but the Assyrians and the Babylonians mention it as a stronghold in the 7th century BCE.
King Herod, who ruled the region on behalf of the Roman Empire between 37-4 BCE, renamed the city "Antipatris" to commemorate his father Antipater, choosing the site because it was in the "loveliest of plains... with an abundance of rivers and trees." Antipatris became a major crossroads between the principal port city of Jaffa and Jerusalem. Saint Paul spent a night there when he was brought from Jerusalem to Caesarea (). The city was devastated during the southern battles of the First Jewish-Roman War from 66-70 CE and did not recover until the 2nd century CE, but in 363 an earthquake leveled the city.
Arab Caliphate era.
On 27 April 750, Abdullah ibn Ali, the Abbasid ruler Abu Al-Abbas as-Saffah's uncle, marched to Antipatris (Abu Futrus) on 25 June. He had invited 80 members of the Umayyad dynasty, whom the Abbasids were at war with, to the town with promises of fair surrender terms only to have them massacred. On 5 April 885, at the banks of the Auja River, Abu'l-Abbas ibn al-Muwaffaq fought against Khumarawayh ibn Ahmad ibn Tulun in the Battle of Tawahin ("The Mills"). Ibn al-Muwaffaq won this battle, forcing Khumarawayh to flee to Egypt. However, Ibn al-Muwaffaq's army lost a later engagement and he fled to Damascus.
In 975 the army of Egypt-based Fatimid caliph al-'Aziz defeated and imprisoned the Aleppo-based Hamdanid general Aftakin at Auja River, opposite the ruined castle of Majdal Yaba.
Crusader, Ayyubid and Mamluk rule.
The Crusaders conquered the Levant from the Arab Muslims in 1099, and built a fortress on the site of Majdal Yaba in 1152, naming it "Mirabel". The fort was held against Baldwin of Ibelin by Manasses of Hierges, but eventually fell to Baldwin who ruled it as an independent lordship of the Kingdom of Jerusalem from 1162 to 1171. In 1166, lands belonging to the fortress and the harvest of its fields were given to the Church of St. John the Baptist in Nablus.
The tyranny of a crusader lord Hugh of Ibelin in Majdal Yaba near Nablus was reported by Usama ibn Munqidh in 1156 CE; he imposed excessive taxes on Muslims, and required Muslims to pay four times as much tax as Christians nearby. The inhabitants of eight villages which included Ibn Qudamah family left their homes in 1156 AC and migrated to Damascus, where they founded Al-Salihiyah suburb.
In 1177, the Muslim Ayyubids under Saladin marched their army from south of Palestine northwards past Ascalon to the Castle of Mirabel which was being used to defend the road from Jaffa to Jerusalem. In July 1187, Saladin's younger brother, al-Adil I, conquered Mirabel, but did not destroy the castle fortress. According to E.G. Rey there existed among the ruins, 'the remains of a fine church of the 12th century', a claim repeated by T. A. Archer. Chronicler Baha ad-Din ibn Shaddad recorded that in 1191-92, Saladin used the castle fortress as a base for carrying out raids against the Crusaders, although he camped outside of it. However, Saladin gave orders to dismantle the walls of Mirabel after his defeat at the battle of Arsuf.
While under Ayyubid rule in 1226, Arab geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi mentions it as "Majdal Yafa" or "Tower of Jaffa", probably due to its proximity to the city of Jaffa. He says it was a village with a "formidable fort".
June 1240 CE marked the arrival of the English crusade led by Richard of Cornwall, brother of the King Henry III of England and brother-in-law of Emperor Frederick II. As-Salih Ayyub, King of Egypt, offered Richard of Cornwall a new treaty to be complementary to the earlier treaty held with Theobald IV, Count of Champagne, France. His offer this time included his readiness to recognize the legitimacy of the concessions made by his uncle and opponent As-Salih Ismail, King of Damascus, to the Crusaders, so that the Galilee, and Jaffa and Ashkelon, and all of the city of Jerusalem, including Bethlehem and Majdal Yaba, in addition to Tiberias, Safed, and Belvoir Castle and Al-Tur Castle, were all included in the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
In 1266, after the fall of Jaffa to the Mamluks, Sultan Baibars sent chiefs from Deir Ghassaneh to protect Majdal Yaba's tower. In the late 13th century, the castle fortress at Majdal Yafa was abandoned.
Ottoman rule.
Majdal Yaba was apparently repopulated when Palestine was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in the early 16th century, and by 1596, it was a small village in the "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of Jabal Qubal, part of Sanjak Nablus. It paid taxes on wheat, barley, beehives and goats. The population consisted of 8 Muslim families. The castle fortress in Majdal Yaba that was abandoned in the 13th century, was rebuilt in 18th to 19th centuries.
On March 3, 1799, General Kleber, Commander in Chief of the invading French forces, received the order to push detachments after having taken up position to the south of the river Nahar-al-Ougeh, to watch enemy movements, and to prepare for the army to march to Acre. He instructed General Damas (Lannes), on March 6, to undertake a reconnaissance in the mountains inhabited by the Naplousains, who seemed to be hostile. Turks were firing from behind rocks and down precipices. The small column was obliged to retreat with heavy losses where sixty Franks were killed and more than double the number wonded, and Damas's arm was broken.
In the 19th century, the village was named "Majdal al-Sadiq" after Sheikh Muhammad al-Sadiq al-Jamma'ini, the chief of the village who hailed from the prominent Rayyan clan. The Rayyan were a branch of the Bedouin Bani Ghazi tribe that emigrated to Palestine from Jordan in the 17th century. According to Eli Smith, in 1843, the fortress (known as the "Rayyan Fortress") in the village was in ruins.
In Thursday, November 7, 1850 James Finn future British Consul to Jerusalem and Palestine, visited the village and found it and the castle in a very dilapidated condition, he met Sheikh Al Sadiq family, and slept in the castle for a night, he surveyed the church attached to the castle and saw the Greek inscription upon the lintel signifying "Martyr Memorial Church of the Holy Herald,
When Edward Robinson visited in 1852, he reported that the fortress had been rebuilt and also served as a palace for the ruling "sheikh". Sheikh al-Sadiq, however, had been banished by the Ottomans. In the 1850s, the Rayyan controlled 22-25 villages in the "nahiya" of Jamma'in West in Sanjak Nablus, with Majdal Yaba being their main village, where they maintained a fortress and manor. During this time, however, they were embroiled in war with their rival clan, the Qasim — who controlled the Jamma'in East area and also belonged to the Bani Ghazi tribe.
In 1859, Sulayman Rayyan was in control of Majdal Yaba, and by 1860 the Rayyan clan had lost all of their influence in the "sanjak" after they were defeated by the Qasims. The Rayyan continued to live in and rule Majdal Yaba, but the village ceased to be a center of power. According to the "Survey of Western Palestine", the Rayyan were "ruined by the Turkish Government." Members of the survey who visited in 1873 reported a large building of "massive masonry", probably a former church, with a side door inscribed in Greek "Memorial of Saint Cerycus".
In 1888, a school was founded in Majdal Yaba.
British Mandate period.
Majdal Yaba was incorporated into Mandatory Palestine in 1922. The layout of the village resembled a parallelogram and its houses were built close together, being only separated by narrow alleys. They were built of mud and straw or stone and cement. Each neighborhood was inhabited by a single "hamula" ("clan") and contained a "diwan" for public meetings and receiving guests. The Rayyan family had still not recovered by the beginning of the Mandate Period; it was known to be impovrished, as was the Qasim family. ""Dar az-zalimin kharab" home of the oppressors is ruined," said peasants when they passed by their "kursis". In 1935, a mosque was built in Majdal Yaba and the Ottoman-built school had reopened in 1920, enrolling 147 students in the mid-1940s. There was also a clinic in the village. Agriculture was the basis of the economy, with farmers planting wheat, corn, barley, vegetables, and sesame. They also tended fruit orchards, particularly citrus. Artesian wells irrigated the fields.
1948 war and aftermath.
Majdal Yaba was in the territory allotted to the Arab state under the 1947 UN Partition Plan. During the war, it was occupied by the Second Battalion of the Alexandroni Brigade on July 12, 1948 in Operation Danny, after wresting it from the Iraqi Army who were defending the village during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. The nearby village of Ras al-Ein, deserted in the 1920s, was also captured. The "New York Times" reported that the situation of the surrounded Iraqi troops was "hopeless". The capture of Majdal Yaba also led to the control of the hills lying to the north of the operation zone and the springs of the al-Auja river. On August 28, 1948 The Iraqi forces attempted to recapture the village, but were asked to abandon the operation
The Israeli town of Rosh HaAyin — which today is a city — was built on village lands in 1950, and in 1953, the Jewish moshav of Giv'at HaShlosha was established on village lands. According to Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi, the Rayyan Fortress still "crowns the site" in addition to the tomb of Sheikh Muhammad Al-Sadiq, and a part of the village cemetery still remains. The fortress is "slowly crumbling" and the dome of the tomb is severely cracked.
Demographics.
According to Ottomans records, Majdal Yaba had a population of 44 in 1596. In a 1922 survey by the British Mandate there 796 people living in the village, rising to 966 in a 1931 census. Sami Hadawi recorded a population of 1,520 inhabitants in his 1945 land and population survey. In 1948, it had a projected population of 1,763. Palestinian refugees and their descendants numbered 10,828 in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20738533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738533" title="Qaanaaq Municipality">
Qaanaaq Municipality

Qaanaaq Municipality was the only municipality in the county of North Greenland (Avannaa). It is now part of the municipality of Qaasuitsup.
The Thule Air Base (Pituffik), which is not part of any municipality (it is, like the Greenland National Park, unincorporated territory), is a part of the U.S. network of early warning radars, and is an important facility in the recent discussion of the National Missile Defense (NMD). The proposed update of the facility (X-band Radar) to meet the demands of the NMD is controversial within Greenland and Denmark (Greenland is a part of the Kingdom of Denmark).
On January 22, 1968, a B-52 crashed 11 km (7 mi) south of the Thule Air Force Base. Nuclear bombs were lost and debris scattered over the area in the accident.
The municipality has a population of 850 (as of 1 January 2005). The town of Qaanaaq has a population of 640. In addition to the town, there are five inhabited villages:
All villages are losing population, since people are moving to the town. Historically, the number of villages has been higher, but some have been abandoned. This process of population concentration in the towns is observed through all of Greenland.
Etah, an abandoned village which once was the northernmost village of the world (at 78°19'N), lies 78 km (48 mi) northwest of Siorapaluk. Annoatok, once a small hunting station, was slightly further north (at 78°33'N) and about 24 km (15 mi) from Etah.
The municipality has an area of 225,500 km² (87,066 mi²), a large portion of which is ice cap area. It is the largest municipality in Greenland and one of the largest in the world (the surface area is larger than the United Kingdom). It borders on Upernavik Municipality on the south, on the unincorporated area of the Northeast Greenland National Park on the east, on the Arctic Ocean on the north, and on the Nares Strait, which separates North Greenland from Ellesmere Island of Nunavut, Canada on the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20738534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738534" title="Delia Arnold">
Delia Arnold

Delia Arnold, (born January 26, 1986 in Kuala Lumpur) is a professional squash player who represented Malaysia. She currently lives in Selangor and was coached by Ahmed Malik and Peter Genever. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 20 in October 2010.
The Malaysian No. 3 squash player began the year 2008 at 48th spot in the world rankings. More than 10 months later, she is up at the 34th spot. Delia’s best achievement to date came in August 2008 when she defeated world No. 14 Rebecca Chiu from Hong Kong in the final to bag the NSC Satellite No. 2 title.
WISPA Titles.
All Results for Delia Arnold in WISPA World's Tour tournament 

</doc>
<doc id="20738544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738544" title="Mamluk Sultanate (Cairo)">
Mamluk Sultanate (Cairo)

The Mamluk Sultanate of Egypt ( "Sulṭanat al-Mamālīk") was a state based in medieval Egypt. It lasted from the overthrow of the Ayyubid Dynasty until the Ottoman conquest of Egypt in 1517. The sultanate's ruling caste was composed of Mamluks, soldiers of predominantly Cumans, Circassian, and Georgian slave origin. While Mamluks were purchased, their status was above ordinary slaves, who were not allowed to carry weapons or perform certain tasks. Mamluks were considered to be "true lords", with social status above freeborn Egyptian Muslims. Though it declined towards the end of its existence, at its height the sultanate represented the zenith of Egyptian and Levantine political, economic, and cultural glory in the Islamic era.
History.
Rise to power.
Mamluk regiments constituted the backbone of the Egyptian military under the Ayyubid Dynasty. Each sultan, and high-ranking emir had his private corps, and the Sultan as-Salih Ayyub (r. 1240-1249) had especially relied on this means to maintaining power. His mamluks, numbering between 800 and 1,000 horsemen, were called the Bahris, after the Arabic word "bahr" (), meaning sea or large river, because their barracks were located on the island of Rawda in the Nile. They were mostly drawn from among the Kipchak Turks who controlled the steppes north of the Black Sea, and the Circassians of the northwest Caucasus.
In 1249 Louis IX of France led a crusade on an invasion of Egypt, capturing Damietta and then proceeding slowly southward. As they advanced, as-Salih Ayyub died and was succeeded by his son al-Muazzam Turanshah, but before Turanshah could arrive at the front, the Bahri mamluks defeated the crusaders at the Battle of Al Mansurah and captured Louis, effectively ending the crusade. Turanshah proceeded to place his own entourage and especially his own mamluks, called Mu`azzamis, in positions of authority to the detriment of Bahri interests. Four weeks after Louis' capture, on 2 May 1250, a group of Bahris assassinated Turanshah.
Wars with Mongols and Crusaders.
Following the death of Turanshah a ten-year period of political instability in Egypt and Syria ensued as various factions competed for control. In 1254, when a rival faction under the leadership of Qutuz became powerful, most of the Bahris fled Cairo and took service with Ayyubid amirs in Syria. Meanwhile, the Mongols under the command of Hulagu invaded the Middle East in force. They sacked Baghdad in 1258 and proceeded westward, capturing Aleppo, and Damascus. Qutuz and the Bahris agreed to put aside their differences to face the common threat. They met a contingent of Mongols at the Battle of Ain Jalut and defeated them. With the Mongol threat temporarily over, rivalries among the mamluks revived, and Baibars, a leading Bahri, assassinated Qutuz and claimed the sultanate.
Change in regime.
By the late fourteenth century, Circassians from the North Caucasus region had become the majority in the Mamluk ranks. In 1377 a revolt broke out in Syria which spread to Egypt, and the government was taken over by the Circassians Barakah and Barquq; In 1382 the last Bahri Sultan Al-Salih Hajji was dethroned, thus ending the Bahri dynasty, and Barquq was proclaimed sultan. Barquq was expelled in 1389 but recaptured Cairo in 1390. Permanently in power he founded what came to be called the Burji dynasty.
Ottomans and the end of the Mamluk Sultanate.
While Ottoman Sultan Bayezid II was engaged in Europe, a new round of conflict broke out between Egypt and the Safavid dynasty in Persia in 1501. Shah Ismail I sent an embassy to the Venetians via Syria inviting them to join arms and recover the territory taken from them by the "Porte" (Ottomans). Mameluk Egyptian sultan Al-Ghawri was charged by Selim I that he was providing the envoys of the Safavid Ismail I safe passage through Syria on their way to Venice and harboring refugees. To appease him, Al-Ghawri placed in confinement the Venetian merchants then in Syria and Egypt, but after a year released them.
After the Battle of Chaldiran in 1514, Selim I attacked the Dulkadirids, an Egyptian vassal, and sent his head to Mamluk Sultan Al-Ashraf Qansuh al-Ghawri. Secure now against Shah Ismail I, in AD 1516 he drew together a great army aiming at conquering Egypt, but to deceive it he represented his army to further the war against Shah Ismail I. The war started in 1516 which led to the later incorporation of Egypt and its dependencies in the Ottoman Empire, with Mamluk cavalry proving no match for the Ottoman artillery and the janissaries. On August 24, 1516, at the Battle of Marj Dabiq Sultan al-Ghawri was killed. Syria passed into Turkish possession, who were welcomed in many places as deliverance from the Mamluks.
The Mamluk Sultanate survived until 1517, when it was conquered by the Ottoman Empire. Ottoman sultan Selim I captured Cairo on January 20, the center of power transferred then to Constantinople. Although not in the same form as under the Sultanate, the Ottoman Empire retained the Mamluks as an Egyptian ruling class and the Mamluks and the Burji family succeeded in regaining much of their influence, but remained vassals of the Ottomans.
Mamluks independence from the Ottomans.
In 1768, Sultan Ali Bey Al-Kabir declared independence from the Ottomans. However, the Ottomans crushed the movement and retained their position after his defeat. By this time new slave recruits were introduced from the Caucasus, especially Georgia and Circassia.
Napoleon defeated Mamluk troops in the Battle of the Pyramids when he attacked Egypt in 1798 and drove them to Upper Egypt. The Mamluks still used their cavalry charge tactics, changed only by the addition of muskets.
After the departure of French troops in 1801 Mamluks continued their struggle for independence, this time against the Ottoman Empire and Great Britain. In 1803, Mamluk leaders Ibrahim Bey and Usman Beg wrote a letter to the Russian consul-general and asked him to act as a mediator with the Sultan to allow them to negotiate for a cease-fire, and a return to their homeland Georgia. The Russian ambassador in Istanbul categorically refused to mediate because the Russian government was afraid of allowing Mamluks to return to Georgia, where a strong national liberation movement was on the rise which might have been encouraged by a Mamluk return.
In 1805, the population of Cairo rebelled. This was an excellent opportunity for the Mamluks to seize power, but internal tension and betrayal prevented them from exploiting this opportunity. In 1806, the Mamluks defeated the Turkish forces several times, and in June the rival parties concluded a peace treaty by which Muhammad Ali, who had been appointed as governor of Egypt on 26 March 1806, was to be removed and the state authority in Egypt returned to the Mamluks. However, they were again unable to capitalize on the opportunity due to conflicts between the clans; Muhammad Ali kept his authority.
End of Mamluk power in Egypt.
Muhammad Ali knew that eventually he would have to deal with the Mamluks if he ever wanted to control Egypt. They were still the feudal owners of Egypt and their land was still the source of wealth and power. The constant strain on sustaining the military manpower necessary to defend the Mamluks's system from the Europeans would eventually weaken them to the point of collapse, and he felt that the Mamluk power must therefore be replaced.
On March 1, 1811, Muhammad Ali invited all of the leading Mamluks to his palace to celebrate the declaration of war against the forces of Ibn Saud in Arabia. Between 600 and 700 Mamluks paraded in Cairo. Near the Al-Azab gates, in a narrow road down from Mukatam Hill, Muhammad Ali's forces ambushed and killed almost all in what came to be known as the Massacre of the Citadel. According to period reports, only one Mamluk, whose name is given variously as Amim (also Amyn), or Heshjukur (a Besleney), survived when he forced his horse to leap from the walls of the citadel, killing it in the fall.
During the following week, hundreds of Mamluks were killed throughout Egypt; in the citadel of Cairo alone more than 1,000 were killed. Throughout Egypt an estimated 3,000 Mamluks and their relatives were killed.
Despite these attempts by Muhammad Ali to defeat the Mamluks in Egypt, a party of them escaped and fled south into what is now Sudan. In 1811, these Mamluks established a state at Dunqulah in the Sennar as a base for their slave trading. In 1820, the sultan of Sennar informed Muhammad Ali that he was unable to comply with a demand to expel the Mamluks. In response, the pasha sent 4,000 troops to invade Sudan, clear it of Mamluks, and reclaim it for Egypt. The pasha's forces received the submission of the kashif, dispersed the Dunqulah Mamluks, conquered Kordofan, and accepted Sennar's surrender from the last Funj sultan, Badi VII.
The Mamluk households.
The mamluks were organized into households under the leadership of an "ustad". Mamluks had intense loyalty to their "ustad" and to their comrades in the regiment. The loyalty of a mamluk to his comrades was called "khushdashiya" ()
Mamluks' sons did not enter the ranks of the mamluks, and tended to blend in with the wider society. The ranks of the Mamluks were always replenished by importing fresh slaves from abroad.
Art and architecture.
As part of their chosen role as defenders of Islamic orthodoxy, the Mamluks sponsored numerous religious buildings, including mosques, madrasas and khanqahs. Though some construction took place in the provinces, the vast bulk of these projects took place in the capital. Many Mamluk buildings in Cairo survive until today, particularly in the district of Old Cairo.
As representatives of Islamic ideology, it was also the responsibility of the Mamluk dynasty to spread the holy word of Islam to its surrounding areas. One such way of doing this was by commissioning pages of the Quran and sharing it with the local population. This leaf contains portions of Surat (Chapter) Al’Ala(The most high) and was for use in a local mosque in Cairo. The leaf dates back to 1300 AD during the mamluk sultanate and its age clearly shows based on the tears that appear at the top of the leaf. Surat Al'Ala discusses the wonders that Allah has created and the rewards for those who believe the message of Islam, as well as the punishment for those who reject Islam. It is likely that the illuminator of the leaf was Abu Bakr aka Sandal, who was centered in the artistic hub of Islam at the time; Cairo, Egypt. The Qur'an verses are written in black ink and in the Naskh writing style, which was the easiest for the common man to read, opposed to other scripts that required individuals to be familiar with calligraphic styles.

</doc>
<doc id="20738558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738558" title="Beilin">
Beilin

Beilin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20738563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738563" title="Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center">
Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Center

The Ramakrishna Vivekananda Center of New York is a branch of the Ramakrishna Order of India, founded in 1933 by Swami Nikhilananda. After Nikhilananda's death in 1973, the center was headed by Swami Adiswarananda until the latter's death in 2007. Currently Swami Yuktatmananda heads the center.
The center has a temple in New York City and the summer cottage at Thousand Island Park, New York; it publishes a number of seminal books on Vedanta, written or translated by Swami Nikhilananda, many of which were first published by mainstream publishers, including The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna", the first complete and best-known translation of "Sri Sri Ramakrishna Kathamrita" in 1942.
The spiritual head of the organnization, Swami is a monk of Ramakrishna Order, which encompasses the twin organizations Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="20738572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738572" title="Love Forever Shines">
Love Forever Shines

Love Forever Shines is the eighth studio album by singer-songwriter, Regina Belle, and was released May 13, 2008 on Pendulum Records. The album peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" U.S. Gospel chart and #15 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
The album's first single "God Is Good" peaked at #34 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, #36 on the Hot Adult R&B Airplay chart and #2 on the Hot Gospel Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20738614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738614" title="Higher Education Mega Center North Station">
Higher Education Mega Center North Station

Higher Education Mega Center North Station () is a station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 26 December 2005. It is located at the underground of the north of Guangzhou Higher Education Mega Center (), located on the Xiaoguwei Island () in Xinzao Town (), Panyu District.
The station was previously called "Beiting Station" () because of nearby Beiting Village () on the island. But since May 2006, it changed name to Higher Education Mega Center North Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20738637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738637" title="South Australian state election, 1910">
South Australian state election, 1910

State elections were held in Australia on 2 April 1910. All 42 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Democratic Union government led by Premier of South Australia Archibald Peake was defeated by the Australian Labor Party led by John Verran. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes. The Peake Liberal minority government had replaced the Price Labor/Liberal coalition government in June 1909. This election represented the first of which only two major parties contested the election, and the first election resulting in a majority government. This came two weeks after the election of a first majority in either house in the Parliament of Australia at the 1910 federal election, also for the Australian Labor Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20738649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738649" title="Spreading resistance profiling">
Spreading resistance profiling

Spreading resistance profiling (SRP), also known as spreading resistance analysis (SRA), is a technique used to analyze resistivity versus depth in semiconductors. Semiconductor devices depend on the distribution of carriers (electrons or holes) within their structures to provide the desired performance. The carrier concentration (which can vary by up to ten orders of magnitude) can be inferred from the resistivity profile provided by SRP.
History.
The fundamental relationship is usually attributed to James Clerk Maxwell (1831–1879). In 1962, Mazur (US Patent 3,628,137) and Dickey developed a practical 2-probe system using a pair of weighted osmium needles.
In 1970, Solid State Measurements was founded to manufacture spreading resistance profiling tools and in 1974, Solecon Labs was founded to provide spreading resistance profiling services. In 1980, Dickey developed a practical method of determining p- or n-type using the spreading resistance tool. Improvements have continued but have been challenged by the ever shrinking dimensions of state-of-the-art digital devices. For shallow structures (<1 um deep), the data reduction is complex. Some of the contributors to the data reduction are Dickey, Schumann and Gardner, Choo "et al.", Berkowitz and Lux, Evans and Donovan, Peissens "et al.", Hu, Albers, and Casel and Jorke.
Theory of operation.
If a voltage is applied between two probe tips providing electrical contact to an infinite slab, the resistance encountered within the slab is formula_1, where:
Most of the resistance occurs very close to the electrical contact allowing the local resistivity to be determined. The probes produce a negligible probe to silicon resistance (nearly ohmic contact) over the entire resistivity range for both p-type and n-type (rich in holes and rich in electrons respectively). Keeping the resistance of wiring and the spreading resistance within the probe tips to a minimum, the measured resistance is almost exclusively from formula_1 for silicon samples at least formula_6 thick. With the aid of calibration resistivity standards, formula_3 can be determined at each probing by the probe pair.
Instrumentation.
A bias of 5mV is applied across the probe tips. The measured resistance can range from 1-ohm to one billion ohms. A "log R" amplifier or electrometer is used to measure the resistance.
Mechanical.
The modern SRP has two tungsten carbide probe tips placed about 20 um apart. Each tip is mounted on a kinematic bearing to minimize "scrubbing". The probes are lowered very gently onto a beveled piece of silicon or germanium. Although the loading of the probe tips may be as little as 2 g., the pressure is in excess of one million pounds per sq inch (or ~ 10G pascals) causing a localized phase transformation in the silicon to “beta-tin” producing a nearly ohmic contact. Between each measurement, the probes are raised and indexed a pre-determined distance down the bevel. Bevels are produced by mounting the sample on an angle block and grinding the bevel with typically a 0.1- or 0.05-micrometre diamond paste. Bevel angles, chosen to fit the depth of interest, can range from ~ 0.001 to 0.2 radians. Care must be used to produce a smooth, flat bevel with minimum rounding of the bevel edge. (See Figure 1.)
Detection limits.
The instrument range is typically from one ohm to one billion ohms. This is adequate for the entire resistivity range in single-crystal silicon.
Calibration.
Calibration standards have been produced by NIST. A set of 16 standards ranging from about 0.0006 ohm-cm to 200 ohm-cm have been produced for both n- and p-type and for both (100) and (111) crystal orientations. For high resistivity (above 200 ohm-cm and perhaps above 40,000 ohm-cm) the resistivity value must extrapolated from the calibration curve.
Applications.
The tool is used primarily for determining doping structures in silicon semiconductors. Deep and shallow profiles are shown in Figure 2.
Alternative processes.
Secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) is also very useful for dopant profiling. SIMS can provide the atomic concentration over 3 decades or in some cases, 4 decades of dynamic range. SRP can determine the carrier concentration (electrically active dopant) in more than 8 or 9 decades of dynamic range. Often, the techniques are complimentary although sometimes competitive. The equipment for SIMS tends to be considerably more expensive to manufacture and operate. While spreading resistance is limited to silicon, germanium and a few other semiconductors, SIMS can profile the atomic concentration of almost anything in anything. SIMS has greater spatial resolution useful for ultra-shallow profiles (< 0.1-micrometre) but SRP is more convenient for deeper structures.
Bibliography.
R. G. Mazur and D. H. Dickey, " A Spreading Resistance Technique for Resistivity Measurements on Silicon ", J. Electrochem. Soc., 113, 255 (1966)
D. H. Dickey, "History and Status of the Data Reduction Problem in SRA", Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Solid State and Integrated Circuit Technology, Ellwanger "et al.", Eds., Publishing House of Electronics Industry

</doc>
<doc id="20738686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738686" title="Scott McBrien">
Scott McBrien

Scott McBrien (born 14 February 1980) is a former American football quarterback. He played football for several professional and college teams, most notably, the Green Bay Packers in the NFL, and the Maryland Terrapins at the University of Maryland. He is currently a football sideline reporter for Maryland Terrapins football games. 
Early years.
McBrien was born in Rockville, Maryland to Ernie and Kathleen McBrien. He attended DeMatha Catholic High School in Hyattsville, Maryland. As a senior in 1999, he helped engineer a 13–0 season and a 13th-place USA Today national ranking. That year, he completed 90 out of 131 passes for 1,878 yards and 25 touchdowns without any interceptions. During his high school career, McBrien earned two Washington Post All-Met and two "PG Journal" all-county honors. In 1999, he was named the Prince George's County Most Valuable Player.
He earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Maryland in criminology and criminal justice.
College career.
McBrien initially attended college at West Virginia University. In 2000, he played in 10 games, including one start, for the Mountaineers. He completed 42 out of 99 passes for 755 yards, including three touchdowns and three interceptions. In the Backyard Brawl against Pittsburgh, he netted 257 yards and two touchdowns. McBrien replaced Brad Lewis for the final three quarters of the Notre Dame game and threw for 252 yards and a touchdown.
In 2001, he transferred to the University of Maryland in his sophomore year, where he was required by NCAA rules to sit out for a season.
In 2002, McBrien started in all 14 games for the Maryland Terrapins. In the season-opener against Akron, he made his first career rushing touchdown and scored again with an eight-yard toss to Derrick Fenner. Against Eastern Michigan, he managed a career-high 300 passing yards for three touchdowns, including a school second-longest touchdown pass to Steve Suter for 91 yards. At his former alma mater, West Virginia, McBrien led the Terps to a 48-17 win with a 45-yard play action pass to Jafar Williams. At Duke, he rushed for a touchdown and threw a 69-yard pass to Latrez Harrison for a touchdown. McBrien averaged 31.7 yards per completion at North Carolina including an 80-yard touchdown throw to Scooter Monroe. Against #14 N.C. State, he set up the game-winning Nick Novak field goal with a 36-yard completion to Steve Suter. At Clemson, McBrien tied two of his career highs with three touchdown passes and three interceptions. In the 2003 Peach Bowl against Tennessee, he was named the Outstanding Offensive Player of the Game, and ran seven times for 36 yards and two touchdowns. During the season, he placed fifth-best in school history in pass efficiency (141.3) and passing yards (2,497). For the season, McBrien ranked second in the ACC and 12th in the NCAA in pass efficiency.
In 2003, McBrien again led the Terrapins to a win over his former school, West Virginia, 34–7. Against Clemson, he threw for three touchdowns and no interceptions, including a season-long pass to Derrick Fenner for 69 yards and a score. In the North Carolina game, McBrien's career-high four touchdown passes tied for number-six the school single-game record. In what was Maryland's fourth-straight cliffhanger victory over a Philip Rivers-led N.C. State, McBrien guided the Terps to 16 points with 7:00 remaining on the clock. McBrien was also under center for #13 Maryland's shocking 20-13 loss to Northern Illinois to start the season. Maryland finished the regular season with a 9–3 record and secure a spot in the 2004 Gator Bowl to once again face West Virginia. McBrien led Maryland in his third victory over his former alma mater in a 41–7 romp, where he threw for three touchdowns and no interceptions and rushed for another touchdown. He set his career-high with 351 passing yards and was named the 2004 Gator Bowl Most Valuable Player. With 19 passing touchdowns in the 2003 season, McBrien earned the number-three spot in the school record book.
Statistics.
Sources: 
Professional career.
In 2004, McBrien signed as an undrafted free agent with the Green Bay Packers, where he saw action in the pre-season as a back-up behind Brett Favre. Green Bay released McBrien in September 2004, only to re-sign and allocate him to the NFL Europe's Rhein Fire in January 2005, in order to gain experience. With the Fire, McBrien threw for 13 touchdowns and 12 interceptions, and was subsequently released by the Packers.
In 2006, McBrien was signed as a free agent by the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He played with the Alouettes for two seasons.
Coaching career.
After the end of his playing career, McBrien returned to the United States and founded the Scott McBrien Passing Academy in Rockville, Maryland. At the training camp, he is a quarterbacks coach for youth and high school players. There, he works alongside former Maryland teammates Steve Suter and Scooter Monroe.
Broadcasting career.
In 2013, McBrien returned to the University of Maryland to become a sideline reporter for Maryland Terrapins football games. He joins Johnny Holliday and Tim Strachan to form the broadcasting team for Maryland football.

</doc>
<doc id="20738697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738697" title="University of Ghana Primary School Legon">
University of Ghana Primary School Legon

The University of Ghana Primary School is located on the campus of the University of Ghana. It was established in 1955 to educate the children of university faculty and staff.
Description.
The school is organised into four houses University (U) Primary (P) Secondary (S) and Legon (L). Students in the lower school from age 6-12 have all their lessons in their house groups, however in the Upper School (JSS) students have lessons with other form groups. 
there is a broad curriculum at all levels in the school. Students in the lower school study about 10 subjects including a local language and French and students in upper school can expect to study at least 12 subjects including a local language and French. The school has a population of about two thousand two hundred (2,200) pupils
Traditions.
The school is in Ghanaian terms a relatively old school and as a result has many traditions such as Friday morning Spelling Bees and Math Quizzes for pupils in the lower school. At the end of every academic year, students with the strongest results are awarded prizes at a ceremony held in the school's great hall. Also there is an annual intersectional athletics and sports festival which has brought out many sports and athletics giants in Ghana.
Academic Success.
The school is non-selective, however, the majority of students achieve strong results and are offered places at the Ghana's best secondary schools such as The Achimota School, Presbyterian Boys Secondary School (Presec), Wesley Girls High School, St. Augustine's College and the Mfantsipm School.

</doc>
<doc id="20738702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738702" title="List of operas by Adam">
List of operas by Adam

This is a list of the complete operas of the French opera composer Adolphe Adam (1803–1856). Unless otherwise noted, all premieres took place in Paris.
Best known for his opéras comiques, of which he wrote 36, Adam actually began his career with a series of 19 vaudevilles. He also composed three opéras, two opérettes, two pasticcios, one drame lyrique, one opéra-ballet and one scène-prologue, in addition to works variously designated as drama, drama with songs, historical melodrama and military spectacle.

</doc>
<doc id="20738704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738704" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Forest County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Forest County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Forest County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Forest County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 4 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20738731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738731" title="Xincheng District">
Xincheng District

Xincheng District (新城区) may refer to two districts in the People's Republic of China:

</doc>
<doc id="20738743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738743" title="Mamluk (disambiguation)">
Mamluk (disambiguation)

Mamluk may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20738774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738774" title="1990 in Croatia">
1990 in Croatia

Events from the year 1990 in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="20738788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738788" title="Howard Korder">
Howard Korder

Howard Korder is an American screenwriter and playwright. He is the author of the 1988 coming-of-age play "Boy's Life", which earned him a Pulitzer Prize for Drama nomination. His play "Search and Destroy" was adapted into a film in 1995. Among the screenplays he has written are "The Passion of Ayn Rand" and "Lakeview Terrace". He is also one of the writers of "Boardwalk Empire".

</doc>
<doc id="20738804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738804" title="Solamalay Namasivayam">
Solamalay Namasivayam

Solamalay Namasivayam is a Singaporean artist who works primarily in life drawing and figure study. He is also a founding member of the Singaporean art group Group 90, and proponent to the development of figurative art in Singapore.
History.
Born the eldest child of 12 siblings, and to building labourer parents in Madras, Namasivayam left his hometown at the age of 5 with his mother to join his father working for the Central Electricity Board as a mechanic in Kuala Lumpur, Malaya. Resettling in his new home at the Board's two-room worker’s quarters in Bangsa Road (present-day Petaling Jaya), 6-year old Namasivayam attended briefly at the private school in the Brickfields vicinity ran by Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA). He soon was transferred to study at the government-run Batu Road Primary School, through a personal recommendation letter written by a family friend, a Caucasian Board electrical engineer. It was in Batu Road primary school that the young Namasivayam first discovered his love for art through constant help and encouragement from his art teacher, Wing Hong. He went on to study at the Victoria Institution, and had art lessons from his art teacher Yong Tai in his two years' with the Institution.
War came to Southeast Asia and his education cut short with the Japanese occupation of Malaya. When his father was transferred to work in Butterworth, Penang by the Japanese, Namasivayam continued his studies at a Japanese school in Prai town in Butterworth for 18 months before he was deployed to work as an engine cleaner at the local Japanese Railway Station. In 1943 the 14-year old was sent to work on the Thailand-Burma Railway.
After the war in 1945 he went back to study at Victoria Institution to complete his Standard VIII secondary education. He also began to rediscover his passion for art, depicting landscape scenes mainly with pencil and on occasions with watercolour. At the age of 21 in 1947 he completed his Senior Cambridge examinations at the Institution., and sought employment with a French oil palm plantation company called SocFren, as a laboratory assistant. He later took on various jobs, until in 1950 when the elder Namasivayam decided to retire in his hometown in South India. Namasivayam accompanied his father along with his other unmarried siblings on the trip, and at the same time fulfilled his obligation to an arranged marriage. With his new wife, Namasivayam left India and moved back to Singapore to heed his calling to become a teacher in 1951. He enrolled himself with the Teachers’ Training College, as a trainee teacher in Tanjong Rhu Primary School. Upon graduating from the College he joined Trafalgar Primary School, and was given his first opportunity to teach art in the school. The then-Primary School principal Ms Tan Chee Chee gave Namasivayam full play in the development of the school arts programme, and through his guidance his students won first place in art competitions held at Victoria Memorial Hall. In 1957 his love for teaching art was discovered by Mr Goh Kong Beng, president of the Singapore Teachers' Union and recommended Namasivayam for an art scholarship. He declined at first, and eventually he accepted it under the approval of the other teachers in the School. Namasivayam eventually received the Colombo Plan scholarship award to study art, along with four other trainee teachers Inche Suri Bin Mohyani, Chew Fook Chun, Seah Teow Puan and Sim Tong Khern, and left for Sydney on 11 March 1957. His art teacher's diploma course went on for 5 years, and during school breaks, he took time visit schools in Canberra and Melbourne for practical teaching experience. Namasivayam returned to Singapore in August 1961, upon completing his course of study.
Upon his return he taught at the Crescent Girls' School and the Gan Eng Seng School He was duly promoted to assistant Lecturer and Media Specialist with Teachers’ Training College in the following year, where he continued to work with until 1981. In 1987 he took on the post as an art lecturer with the LASALLE College of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20738818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738818" title="Finding My Road">
Finding My Road

"Finding My Road" is the ninth single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released February 14, 2007. The Japanese single stayed on the Oricon for 4 weeks and peaked at number 14. To date, the single has sold 17,594 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20738829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738829" title="2009 Men's under-19 World Floorball Championships">
2009 Men's under-19 World Floorball Championships

The 2009 Men's under-19 World Floorball Championships were the fifth world championships in men's under-19 floorball. The tournament took place over May 6th to 10th, 2009 in Turku, Finland.
Sweden defeated Finland 8:3 in the final match to win the men's under-19 world floorball championship for the 3rd consecutive year.
All matches took place at the Turkuhalli in Turku, Finland.
Tournament Information.
Facts and history.
The 2009 Men's under-19 World Floorball Championships were the first men's over-19 floorball championships that were held in the month of May, after the International Floorball Federation (IFF) changed their international tournament calendar format in 2008. Previously, the tournament was hosted in the months of either October or November.
Sweden came into the tournament as 2-time defending champions, after having won the world championship in both 2005 and 2007. The Swedish team had also previously won a championship in 2001, but did not defend their title in 2003, as they would lose in the final to rivals, Finland. The Czech Republic, Finland, Sweden, and Switzerland remain the only teams to have captured a women's under-19 world floorball championship medal.
Ranking & Statistics.
Official 2009 A-Division Rankings according to the International Floorball Federation

</doc>
<doc id="20738850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738850" title="Walter Hartman Hodge">
Walter Hartman Hodge

Walter Hartman Hodge (August 29, 1896July 12, 1975) was an American lawyer and judge. 
Hodge was born in 1896 in Auburn, Indiana. He attended the University of Washington School of Law and graduated with an LL.B. in 1919. He served as a law clerk for the Supreme Court of Washington from 1919–1920 and went into private practice in Wenatchee, Washington in 1921. Later, he served as the deputy prosecuting attorney for Skagit County, Washington, 1921-1924 before returning to private practice in Seattle, Washington, 1925-1926.
Hodge served as the Assistant U.S. attorney, U.S. Department of Justice, Cordova, Territory of Alaska, 1926-1929. He then again returned to private practice in Seattle, 1929-1934. He then practiced law in Cordova, Alaska, 1934-1954. Later, he served as the U.S. Territorial Judge, U.S. District Court for the Territory of Alaska, 1954–1959 and then as an Associate justice, Supreme Court of the State of Alaska, 1959-1960.
He was nominated by Dwight D. Eisenhower on January 14, 1960, to be a Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska. Hodge was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 18, 1960, and received his commission on February 19, 1960. He served as chief judge from 1961–1966 and assumed senior status on August 30, 1966. His service terminated on July 12, 1975, due to death.

</doc>
<doc id="20738865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738865" title="Military of the Confederate States of America">
Military of the Confederate States of America

The Military of the Confederate States of America comprised three branches:
Members of all the Confederate States military forces, to include the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps were often referred to as "Confederates", and members of the CS Army were referred to as "Confederate soldiers".
Command and control.
Control and operation of the Confederate States Army was administered by the Confederate States War Department, which was established by the Confederate Provisional Congress in an act on February 21, 1861. The Confederate Congress gave control over military operations, and authority for mustering state forces and volunteers to the President of the Confederate States of America on February 28, 1861 and March 6, 1861. By May 8, a provision authorizing enlistments for war was enacted, calling for 400,000 volunteers to serve for one or three years. By April 1862, the Confederate States of America found it necessary to pass a conscription act, which drafted men into PACS.
The Confederate military leadership included many veterans from the United States Army and United States Navy who had resigned their Federal commissions and had won appointment to senior positions in the Confederate armed forces. Many had served in the Mexican-American War (including Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis), but others had little or no military experience (such as Leonidas Polk, who had attended West Point.) The Confederate officer corps was composed in part of young men from slave-owning families, but many came from non-owners. The Confederacy appointed junior and field grade officers by election from the enlisted ranks. Although no Army service academy was established for the Confederacy, many colleges of the South (such as The Citadel and the Virginia Military Institute) maintained cadet corps that were seen as a training ground for Confederate military leadership. A naval academy was established at Drewry’s Bluff, Virginia in 1863, but no midshipmen had graduated by the time the Confederacy collapsed.
The soldiers of the Confederate armed forces consisted mainly of white males with an average age between sixteen and twenty-eight. The Confederacy adopted conscription in 1862. Many thousands of slaves served as laborers, cooks, and pioneers. Some freed blacks and men of color served in local state militia units of the Confederacy, primarily in Louisiana and South Carolina, but their officers deployed them for "local defense, not combat." Depleted by casualties and desertions, the military suffered chronic manpower shortages. In the spring of 1865 the Confederate Congress, influenced by the public support by General Lee, approved the recruitment of black infantry units. Contrary to Lee’s and Davis’ recommendations, the Congress refused “to guarantee the freedom of black volunteers.” No more than two hundred troops were ever raised. However, President Davis believed that Blacks would not fight unless they were provided freedom in exchange for their service. Therefore, he waited until Congress adjourned and then stipulated by Executive Order than any African-American accepted into service on the Congressional Act must be a volunteer and be accompanied by manumission papers.
Military leaders.
Military leaders of the Confederacy (with their state or country of birth and highest rank) included:
African Americans in the Confederate Military.
"Nearly 40% of the Confederacy's population were unfree ... the work required to sustain the same society during war naturally fell disproportionately on black shoulders as well. By drawing so many white men into the army, indeed, the war multiplied the importance of the black work force." Even Georgia's Governor Joseph E. Brown noted that "the country and the army are mainly dependent upon slave labor for support." Slave labor was used in a wide variety of support roles, from infrastructure and mining, to teamster and medical roles such as hospital attendants and nurses.
The idea of arming slaves for use as soldiers was speculated on from the onset of the war, but not seriously considered by Davis or others in his administration. Though an acrimonious and controversial debate was raised by a letter from Patrick Cleburne urging the Confederacy to raise black soldiers by offering emancipation, it wouldn't be until Robert E. Lee wrote the Confederate Congress urging them that the idea would take serious traction. On March 13, 1865, the Confederate Congress passed General Order 14, and President Davis signed the order into law. The order was issued March 23, but only a few black companies were raised. Two companies were armed and drilled in the streets of Richmond, Virginia, shortly before the besieged southern capital fell. However, President Davis considered it imperative that Blacks be offered freedom in exchange for military service under terms of the Act passed through Congress. Therefore, he waited for Congress adjourn and then stipulated by Executive Order than any African-Americans accepted as soldiers under terms of the Act must be volunteers and be accompanied by manumission papers.
Supply.
Much like the Continental Army in the American Revolution, state governments were supposed to supply their soldiers. The supply situation for most Confederate Armies was dismal even when victorious. The lack of central authority and effective transportation infrastructure, especially the railroads, combined the frequent unwillingness or inability of Southern state governments to provide adequate funding, were key factors in the Army's demise. Individual commanders had to "beg, borrow or steal" food and ammunition from whatever sources were available, including captured Union depots and encampments, and private citizens regardless of their loyalties. Lee's campaign against Gettysburg and southern Pennsylvania (a rich agricultural region) was driven in part by his desperate need of supplies, namely food. Not surprisingly, in addition to slowing the Confederate advance such foraging aroused anger in the North and led many Northerners to support General Sherman's total warfare tactics as retaliation. Scorched earth policies especially in Georgia, South Carolina and the Virginian Shenandoah Valley proved far more devastating than anything Pennsylvania had suffered and further reduced the capacity of the increasingly effectively blockaded Confederacy to feed even its civilian population, let alone its Army. At many points during the war, and especially near the end, Confederate Armies were described as starving and, indeed, many died from lack of food and related illnesses. Towards more desperate stages of the war, the lack of food became a principal driving force for desertion.
Uniforms.
"See article: Uniforms of the Confederate Military"
The Uniforms of the Confederate States military forces were the uniforms used by the Confederate Army and Navy during the American Civil War from 1861 to 1865. The uniform varied greatly due to a variety of reasons, such as location, limitations on the supply of cloth and other materials, and the cost of materials during the war.
Confederate forces were often poorly supplied with uniforms, especially late in the conflict. Servicemen sometimes wore combinations of uniform pieces combined with captured Union uniforms and items of personal clothing. They sometimes went without shoes altogether, and broad felt or straw hats were worn as often as kepis or naval caps.
Statistics.
Total Servicemembers - 1,050,000 (Exact number is unknown. Posted figure is average of estimated range from 600,000 – 1,500,000) 
Battle Deaths (Death figures are based on incomplete returns) - 74,524
Other Deaths (In Theater) - 59,297 
Died in Union prisons - 26,000 to 31,000
Non-mortal Woundings - Unknown
At the end of the war 174,223 men surrendered to the Union Army.

</doc>
<doc id="20738866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738866" title="Landmark Inn State Historic Site">
Landmark Inn State Historic Site

The Landmark Inn State Historic Site is a historic inn in Castroville, Texas, United States. 
In 1839, Cesar Monod, a Swiss immigrant, arrived in Indianola, Texas. He settled on two lots in Castroville along the Medina River. In 1849, he constructed a limestone building that he used as his residence and business, a general store.
John Vance purchased the property in 1853, and began to rent rooms to travelers along the busy San Antonio - El Paso road that Castroville was located on. Vance added a second story to Monod's original building to accommodate more guests.
In 1854, Vance sold the riverfront of his property to George Haass and Laurent Quintle. They built a dam on the river and constructed a water powered grist mill to mill grain for the local farmers. Joseph Courand bought the mill in 1876 and his son purchased the hotel in 1899. Courand used the water power to also mill lumber and gin cotton.
Jordan Lawler bought the entire property in 1925 and converted the mill to a hydroelectric plant and provided Castroville with electricity for the first time. He and his sister reopened the hotel as the Landmark Inn. 
In 1974, the property was donated to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department that operated the complex as the Landmark Inn State Historical Park. On January 1, 2008, operational control of this site was transferred from Texas Parks and Wildlife to the Texas Historical Commission. The hotel portion of the complex still operates as a bed-and-breakfast.

</doc>
<doc id="20738868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738868" title="Sharon Wee">
Sharon Wee

Sharon Wee Ee Lin, (born October 5, 1977 in Malacca) is a professional squash player who represented Malaysia.
During 2007 she reached the finals of four events and won her first WISPA title in November in the NSC Tour 10 No. 2 in Kuala Lumpur. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 18 in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20738876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738876" title="Higher Education Mega Center South Station">
Higher Education Mega Center South Station

Higher Education Mega Center South Station () is a station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 26 December 2005. It is located at the underground of the south of Guangzhou Higher Education Mega Center (), located on the Xiaoguwei Island () in Xinzao Town (), Panyu District.
The station was previously called "Nanting Station" () because of nearby Nanting Village () on the island. But since May 2006, it changed name to Higher Education Mega Center South Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20738915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738915" title="Love Story (Melody song)">
Love Story (Melody song)

"Love Story" is the tenth single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released May 30, 2007. The single stayed on the Oricon for 2 weeks and peaked at number 21. To date, the single has sold 10,922 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20738943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738943" title="Shirley Adele Field">
Shirley Adele Field

Shirley A. Field (1923 – 1995) was an Oregon legislator and judge.
Republican party activist.
Field was active in the Republican party and, within six years of her arrival in Oregon, was selected as an alternate delegate to the 1952 Republican National Convention. By the time of the 1960 Republican National Convention she had become a member of the executive committee of the Committee on Resolutions (platform committee) and served as the chair of its subcommittee on human affairs. That year she was the first woman subcommittee chair to be a delegate-at-large at a Republican national convention. Field gained brief national notoriety when she confronted presidential candidate Barry Goldwater over a 1964 Republican National Convention platform issue.
Politician.
Field served as a Republican legislator in the Oregon House of Representatives from 1956–1960 and 1962-1966. Betty Roberts, a Democrat legislator who served with Field, described Field as "a good debater and she’s very blunt, forthright, and takes on any opposition, man or woman, very seriously." However, Field left differences behind when she was not in the political arena.
Field unsuccessfully ran for state treasurer in 1966.
Judge.
Field sat as a Multnomah County District Court judge from 1972 - 1978. Field, outraged that women were being prosecuted for engaging in prostitution when their male clients weren't, refused to convict women charged with the crime; her advocacy led to a 1973 Oregon law that provided for equal legal treatment of prostitutes and their clients. The Oregon Supreme Court removed Field from the bench as the result of behavior that was later found to be caused by a massive brain tumor. She then ran unsuccessfully to reclaim the seat; and, after the diagnosis and treatment for her tumor, ran unsuccessfully for the state supreme court.
Personal.
Field, a native of Fort Wayne, Indiana, attended Stephens College and was an alumna of the University of Michigan and of Yale Law School. She practiced law in New York for a year before moving in 1946 to Portland, Oregon, where she lived until her death.

</doc>
<doc id="20738945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738945" title="Fukuhara">
Fukuhara

Fukuhara (written: 福原) is a Japanese surname. The meaning of the "kanji" can be translated as "field of fortune", "field of blessings", or "lucky field". Alternate pronunciations that use the same "kanji" spelling include Fukubara and Fukuwara. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20738946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738946" title="Jijel Arabic">
Jijel Arabic

Jijeli, or Jijel Arabic, is a variety of Arabic spoken specifically in the Jijel Province in northeastern Algeria, but traces of it reach parts of the neighboring provinces of Skikda and Mila. It is quite different from all the other Arabic dialects spoken in eastern Algeria and has probably survived into present times because of the geographic enclavement of that mountainous area and the difficulty of terrestrial connections with the rest of the country for centuries.
Jijel is a relic of the pre-Hilalian Arabic dialects (resulting from the first Islamic Arabic invasion of North Africa in the 7th and 8th centuries) that were once spoken in all the north of Constantine but which were later mixed with Hilalian Bedouin Arabic that was brought by the second wave of Arab invasion during the 11th century. Pre-Hilalian Arabic dialects remained intact only in a small area around Jijel while they were heavily mixed with bedouin dialects in the areas of Constantine, Mila, Collo and El Milia. 
These pre-Hilalian Arabic dialects have survived also in the Algerian region of Tlemcen as well as in the western part of northern Morocco and to this day Northern Moroccan Arabic, Tlemcen Arabic, and Jijel Arabic are still very close to one another.[http://www.ieiop.com/pub/05caubet.pdf]. Jijelian Arabic is also amongst the most Berber influenced Arabic dialects of Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20738951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738951" title="Thomas W. Murphy (American Samoa judge)">
Thomas W. Murphy (American Samoa judge)

Thomas William Murphy (April 11, 1935 – March 13, 1992) was an Associate Chief Justice of the High Court of American Samoa.
Biography.
He was born in Hutchinson, Kansas and raised Irish Catholic. He attended the University of Arizona College of Law and graduated in 1958.
Professional career.
Murphy practiced law as an independent attorney in the Luhrs Tower in Phoenix, Arizona until he was nominated to the High Court of American Samoa under the Carter Administration and confirmed as an Associate Chief Justice in 1980. During his seven year tenure, Associate Justice Murphy served with both Chief Justice Richard I. Miyamoto and later served with Chief Justice Robert Gardner. In 1986, the High Court of American Samoa was joined by the United States Supreme Court Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy, who presided over and ruled on many cases before the High Court. Justice Murphy left the High Court of American Samoa in 1987 when he moved to Honolulu, Hawaii where he took a position as an Assistant Federal Public Defender and served in that position until his death on March 13, 1992. His opinions as an Associate Justice on the High Court of American Samoa reflected a liberal ideology, consistent with his lifelong association and membership with the Arizona and American Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20738953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738953" title="San Diego Creek">
San Diego Creek

San Diego Creek is a waterway flowing into Upper Newport Bay in central Orange County in the U.S. state of California. Its basin covers in parts of eight cities, including Irvine, Tustin, and Costa Mesa. The main tributary of the northeast-flowing creek is Peters Canyon Wash, joining a few miles above its mouth. San Diego Creek has been extensively channelized for flood control, but also provides important aquatic and riparian habitat both along its course and in its estuary at Upper Newport Bay.
The watershed is heavily urbanized with master planned residential and commercial development, although there are also large amounts of open space, nearly . Agriculture and high-tech industrial areas also feature prominently in the basin. The El Toro Marine Corps Air Base, which is being converted into the Orange County Great Park, lies along the tributary Agua Chinon Creek. Interstate 5 and Interstate 405 run southeast-northwest through the watershed, which borders that of Santiago Creek on the northeast, the Santa Ana River on the northwest, and Aliso Creek on the southeast.
Course.
San Diego Creek rises in the foothills of the Santa Ana Mountains near residential communities of El Toro, and Lake Forest. Most of its upper course is culverted under subdivisions of El Toro and Irvine. It flows northeast, fed by tributaries from northern Laguna Canyon and from the Santa Ana Mountains to the north of the creek. After crossing under Interstate 405 near the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater, the creek enters an artificial channel and receives Serrano Creek via an underground culvert on the right bank. Directly after the confluence, it passes under California State Route 133. It then flows northeast in a nearly straight course through East Irvine and the City of Irvine, receiving Agua Chinon Creek, Bee Canyon Wash, and the Marshburn Channel from the right. All these tributaries originate in the Santa Ana Mountains and are channelized for most of their lengths through Irvine. A few miles past the confluence with Marshburn Channel, San Diego Creek receives its main tributary, Peters Canyon Creek, on the right bank. The creek begins at Peters Canyon Reservoir in the Santa Ana Mountains and runs about south-southwest. Although historically it was a smaller tributary, due to present-day flood control purposes, the channel of Peters Canyon is wider than the channel of San Diego Creek when they join.
At the confluence with Peters Canyon Creek, San Diego Creek turns abruptly southwest, flowing underneath Interstate 405 for the second time. After flowing beneath the highway, San Diego Creek enters a series of slackwater pools, known as the San Joaquin Marsh, in the San Joaquin Wildlife Sanctuary. The partially man-made marsh stretches approximately to where San Diego Creek turns abruptly westward. The creek receives Bonita Creek on the left bank just a few hundred yards upstream frow where it empties into Upper Newport Bay, which eventually discharges into the Pacific Ocean.
Streamflow.
The dry-season flow of San Diego Creek consists mainly of urban and agricultural drainage runoff. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, average dry-season flow at the mouth is , whereas wet-season runoff can range from . The average annual flow is about , per year. An all-time highest flow of was recorded on December 6, 1997.
The peak streamflow data collected by the United States Geological Survey at Campus Drive (near the mouth), with five recorded peaks, is given in the below table:
At Culver Drive, near the Irvine city center, 32 peaks were recorded. The largest five flows are given, in ascending order:
At Lane Road, which is well upstream of Culver Drive several miles below the headwaters of San Diego Creek, only three peaks were recorded:
San Joaquin Marsh.
The San Joaquin Marsh is a long and narrow, approximately man-made wetland that occupies the lower of the San Diego Creek stream course. About wide, it is separated into a series of ponds by low rock dams, which also regulate streamflow. The marsh utilizes an ancient, perhaps once abandoned, river channel that discharges into Upper Newport Bay. Roughly 100 migratory bird species currently use the marsh as a resting area, 20 nesting bird species are found, and a total of 200 different bird species have been cataloged. The marsh serves an important function cleaning the creek's polluted water before it flows into the estuary.
Currently the largest freshwater marsh in Orange County, San Joaquin was originally severely polluted and degraded, and was used at various points as farmland and a duck-hunting area. Before the 1950s and 1960s, San Diego Creek had followed a much shorter, channelized course to the bay, leaving the marsh dry. Agricultural and urban runoff also polluted the site, leaving a remaining trickle of wastewater running through the marsh. In July 2000, the City of Irvine, which owns of the marsh in the San Joaquin Wildlife Sanctuary, contributed $1.5 million USD to its restoration, also with contributions from the Audubon Society and the State of California. The remaining belong to the University of California and have been designated as the San Joaquin Freshwater Marsh Reserve.
A spreading ground, currently out of use, borders the marsh on the right bank, and the UC Irvine campus is on the left bank. Geologically, the marsh is an incised meander in the creek, bending southwards. The old diversion channel bypassed the meander, and while that is still in use, it is only used to pass water around the marsh section to relieve flood flows.
Tributaries.
From north to south, the named tributaries of San Diego Creek are the La Cañada Channel (flowing from Laguna Canyon), Serrano Creek, Agua Chinon Creek, Bee Canyon Wash, Como Drain, Lyon Drain, Marshburn Channel, Coyote Canyon Channel, Peters Canyon Wash, Barranca Channel, Lane Channel, San Joaquin Wash, Sand Canyon Wash, and Bonita Creek.
The creek also has a few tributaries that provide the outflow for several water supply and flood control reservoirs in the San Joaquin Hills and Santa Ana Mountains. From source to mouth, these are La Cañada Channel (fed by Laguna Reservoir), Bee Canyon (two unnamed reservoirs), Peters Canyon Wash (Peters Canyon Reservoir), San Joaquin Wash (San Joaquin Reservoir) and Sand Canyon Wash (Sand Canyon and Strawberry Valley reservoirs).
The largest sub-tributaries include Borrego Canyon Wash (to Serrano Creek), Round Canyon (to Bee Canyon Wash), Santa Ana-Santa Fe Channel (to Peters Canyon) and Culver Drain (to San Joaquin Wash). There are many other ephemeral watercourses and drains in the watershed, but they are too numerous to list entirely.

</doc>
<doc id="20738974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20738974" title="Nancy V. Rawls">
Nancy V. Rawls

Nancy Vivian Rawls (January 24, 1926 – April 13, 1985) was a former Foreign Service officer, U.S. diplomat, United States Ambassador to Togo (February 11, 1974-August 8, 1976) and to Côte d'Ivoire, (1979–1983).
Rawls was born on January 24, 1926 in Clearwater, Florida. She received an A.B. from Shorter College in 1947. 
She joined the Foreign Service in 1947. She was assigned to instructions in Vienna, Hamburg, and Montreal. After a tour of duty in West Germany, she was assigned to African countries, first to Liberia and then to Kenya. After a year of special studies at the National War College from 1970 to 1971, she became director of the State Department's policy planning staff for the Bureau of African Affairs in 1971. Rawls was one of the first U.S. Foreign Service women to rise to ambassadorial level and was the first woman to serve as ambassador in two African countries.
In 1974, Rawls became Ambassador to Togo. Two years later, she became the United States alternate delegate to the United Nations. She was then appointed as Senior Deputy to the Director General of the Foreign Service. She was then appointed as Ambassador to Côte d'Ivoire in 1979 and retired in 1983.
Rawls died April 13, 1985 at the Norwalk Hospital, Norwalk, Connecticut, after a long illness. She was 59 years old and lived in Westport, Connecticut. Her parents were Eugene and Vivian Rawls, and her brother, Eugene, survives her. He lives in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="20739005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739005" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 62 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20739036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739036" title="Raymond de Becker">
Raymond de Becker

Raymond de Becker (Brussels, 1912- Versailles, April 18, 1969) was a Belgian journalist and writer who was born in Brussels. He edited the Belgian papers "Independence" and "Avant-Garde". In 1932 he published the book "A New Order"; in 1939 "Life Difficult" and in 1942 "Book of Living and the Dead."
He continued to work and publish during the war with the agreement of the German occupiers although his relationship with the German military administration deteriorated during 1943 and on 4 October 1943 he was removed from being Editor-in-Chief of "Le Soir" and placed under house arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="20739053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739053" title="Tasman Parakeet">
Tasman Parakeet

Tasman Parakeet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20739076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739076" title="Third Ear (disambiguation)">
Third Ear (disambiguation)

The Third Ear is an Israeli record store that runs the Earsay record label.
Third Ear may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20739088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739088" title="E. J. Harrison">
E. J. Harrison

E. J. Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20739095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739095" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Fulton County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fulton County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Fulton County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 8 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20739114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739114" title="List of Circle Jerks band members">
List of Circle Jerks band members

The Circle Jerks were an American punk rock band whose most recent lineup consisted of vocalist Keith Morris, guitarist Greg Hetson, bassist Zander Schloss, and drummer Kevin Fitzgerald. The band was formed in Southern California in 1979, and originally comprised Morris on vocals, Hetson on guitar, Roger Rogerson on bass and Lucky Lehrer on drums.
The first Circle Jerks lineup released three albums (including their 1980 debut "Group Sex"), before Rogerson and Lehrer were kicked out of the band in 1983 and replaced by Earl Liberty and Chuck Biscuits respectively. This lineup lasted only a year, and the Circle Jerks hired Zander Schloss and Keith Clark as Liberty and Biscuits' replacements. The new lineup, consisting of Morris, Hetson, Schloss and Clark, recorded two more albums before the Circle Jerks split up for the first time in 1990, when Hetson left to concentrate on Bad Religion, which he had joined a few years before.
A long period of inactivity ended in 1994, when the Circle Jerks, with the 1984-1990 lineup, reunited and signed a major label deal with Mercury Records, a move that had a few business complications: Hetson was still with Bad Religion, who had signed a long-term contract with Atlantic Records, while Schloss had been part of a band contracted to Interscope. After ironing out these difficulties, the band recorded "Oddities, Abnormalities and Curiosities" and released it in the summer of 1995, but broke up once again. Reasons for this breakup were essentially the same as they were in 1990.
A second Circle Jerks reunion occurred in 2001. Participating this time were Morris, Hetson, Schloss and Kevin Fitzgerald, who filled in on drums for Clark, who at that time had retired from the music business. The Circle Jerks continued to exist until 2010, when they went back on indefinite hiatus.

</doc>
<doc id="20739129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739129" title="Xinzao Station">
Xinzao Station

Xinzao Station () is a station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 26 December 2005. It is located at the underground of Zengbian Village (), Xinzao Town (), Panyu District. It was the terminus of Line 4 before the route between Xinzao and Huangge started in service on 30 December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20739133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739133" title="Imo Incident">
Imo Incident

The Imo Incident, also known as Imo mutiny, was a military revolt of some units of the Korean military in Seoul on July 23, 1882. "Imo"(壬午) means the year 1882.
Background.
A variety of causes for this brief disturbance have been put forward. In part, some explain the flare-up of violence by pointing to provocative policies and conduct by Japanese military advisors who had been in Korea since 1881. 
According to other sources, the revolt broke out in part because of Emperor Gojong's support for reform and modernization. The revolt was also explained in part as a reaction to Gojong's support for Japanese military advisors. Some sources credit rumor as the spark which ignited violence. Some were worried by the prospect of incorporating Japanese officers in a new army structure. 
The disturbance is sometimes characterized as the ""Imo" Mutiny" ("Imo kullan"), and its cause is attributed to a dispute about unpaid wages. It has also been called the "Soldier's riot"; and the unplanned flare-up of violence is said to have been a reaction to finding sand and bad rice in soldiers' rations.
Japanese accounts of the disturbance identify it as the . Whatever its causes, violence did erupt; and the incident produced unplanned consequences.
Disturbance.
Dissatisfaction with the Korean government was the initial focus of the violence. Some government officials were killed by the rioters. Homes of high government ministers were destroyed and Changdeok Palace was occupied by soldiers. The rioting general population of Seoul swelled the ranks of the dissatisfied army units.
In the midst of the chaos, the regent father of the king, Daewongun, took power and tried to re-establish order. He supported soldiers' complaints.
Anti-Japanese riots.
Anti-Japanese sentiments among the rioters developed and grew. The Japanese legation was overrun. 
Hanabusa Yoshitada, the Japanese minister to Korea and his aides were forced to flee the legation. They escaped to the sea in a small boat and were rescued by a British ship, the "Flying Fish". During the day of rioting, a number of Japanese were killed, including Horimoto Reijo.
Consequences.
The Chinese dispatched troops; and three warships were sent to Seoul.
In the aftermath of rioting, Daewongun was accused of fomenting the disturbance and its violence. Daewongun was arrested by Chinese troops. He spent 3 years in China and returned to Korea in 1885.
The Japanese government sent Ambassador Hanabusa back to Seoul. His security was ensured by four naval warships, three cargo ships and a battalion of armed soldiers.

</doc>
<doc id="20739162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739162" title="Joe Fab">
Joe Fab

Joseph Edward Fabiszewski Jr. (born on October 4, 1951), better known as "Joe Fab", is an award-winning and Emmy-nominated American producer, writer and director.
Professional.
Fabiszewski has produced, written and directed films and has worked in video production, media and communications, event production and the live presentation of plays and music. He received the 2006 Christopher Award. Also in 2006, Billy Campbell, president of Discovery Networks U.S., presented him the Discovery and Imagination Award.
In 2007, Fabiszewski's film "Paper Clips", the feature documentary about the Paper Clips Project, was screened at the American Independent Film Festival in Kuwait.
The U.S. Consulate in Chennai , India, again gave Fabiszewski the privilege of representing the United States as a special cultural envoy in 2008. He was a guest at both the Kerala and Chennai International Film Festivals, where "Paper Clips" was screened. He conducted workshops with children rescued from the streets of India.
Fabiszewski produced, co-directed and wrote the feature documentary "Bedford: The Town They Left Behind", released in 2009. The film won the GI Film Festival Award, it was also the recipient of the MovieGuide Faith and Freedom Award.
Personal.
Fabiszewski has been married for over thirty-five years to Kay Fab, a voice-over artist.

</doc>
<doc id="20739168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739168" title="Friedrich Knauer">
Friedrich Knauer

Friedrich Knauer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20739171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739171" title="Robert Bradford Fox">
Robert Bradford Fox

Dr.Robert Bradford Fox (1918-1985) was an anthropologist and leading historian on the prehispanic Philippines.
In 1958, Fox led a National Museum team in conducting extensive excavations on two sites at Calatagan, Batangas in what may be considered the first systematic excavation involving the National Museum in the country. His report, published in 1959, was based on artifacts and information derived from 505 graves in two sites known as Kay Tomas and Pulong Bakaw. In the 1960s, by then the head of the Anthropology Division of the National Museum of the Philippines, he led a six-year archaeological research project in Palawan, focusing mainly on the caves and rockshelters of Lipuun Point in the southern part of the island (Fox 1970). Its most outstanding site is the Tabon Cave complex, the large main cave delivered the only Pleistocene human fossils found in the Philippines to date. The fossil finds include a skullcap, jaw bones, teeth and several other fragmented bones. Dubbed as the "Tabon Man", the finds represent more than just one individual. Their age has been determined using Radiometric dating, giving dates between 16500 ±2000 B.P for the skull cap and 48,000 ±11-10,000 B.P. for a tibia fragment.
Dr. Fox actively served the National Museum of the Philippines from 1948 to 1975. In 1975, while serving as consultant to the Philippine President on anthropological matters and as Dean of Brent School in Baguio City, Philippines, he suffered a stroke which impaired his speech and right arm, preventing him from pursuing his teaching and research work. Subsequent strokes left him confined to home until his death in 1985. Besides his service with the National Museum, Dr. Fox taught at the University of the Philippines and served as Presidential Assistant for National Minorities. An obituary appeared in The Journal of Asian Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20739199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739199" title="George Munger Award">
George Munger Award

The George Munger Award was presented to the NCAA Division I college football coach of the year by the Maxwell Football Club from 1989 to 2009. The award was named after former University of Pennsylvania head coach George Munger. People who voted for the winners of the award included NCAA head coaches, members of the Maxwell Club, and sportswriters from all over the country.
In March 2010, the Maxwell Football Club announced that the award would be replaced the Joseph V. Paterno Award. Following the breaking of the Penn State sex abuse scandal in November 2011, the club announced that the award would be discontinued.
Winners.
The 1990, 1994, and 2005 awards had been given to Joe Paterno of Penn State, but the Maxwell Sports Club has rescinded the awards for those years and removed his name in the aftermath of the sexual abuse scandal at Penn State and Paterno's firing. 

</doc>
<doc id="20739201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739201" title="University High School (Carmel, Indiana)">
University High School (Carmel, Indiana)

University High School (UHS) is a small, independent, coeducational college preparatory school located in Carmel, Indiana. University's campus is 115 acres and consists of two buildings, Fairbanks Hall and Andrews Hall. It consists of athletic fields, a tennis complex, a computer laboratory, multiple science labs, a theater, a gymnasium, and music and art facilities. 
Core Values.
University High School is very centered around its core values, and daily activities at the school revolve around these core values. The core values are:
Athletics.
University's sport teams include: girls Volleyball, girls and boys Golf, girls and boys Soccer, girls and boys Tennis, girls and boys Basketball, Cheerleading, Cross country running, Track and field athletics, girls Softball, and boys Baseball. Several other students also participate in sports outside of the school community. University High School's no-cut policy makes it possible for students to participate in any sport they are interested in.
Athletic accomplishments of the Trailblazers include:
January Term.
University High School features "January Term" program lasting the first three weeks of January, during which students take exclusively one class. The school hours change to 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Some J-Terms culminate with week-long trips abroad, and the unique schedule allows for UHS students to take many field trips. J-Term allows students to dive "a mile deep and an inch wide" instead of the "mile wide and an inch deep" during the usual school year. Past classes have included trips to Walt Disney World as part of the "The Making of an American Icon: Disney" class, the 2009 Presidential Inauguration, a visit to The New Yorker Magazine's chief editor David Remnick, a World of Golf class where a group of students traveled to Florida and met with the famous Pete Dye, and a class on "Hoosier Hysteria". University High School modeled their January Term program after similar programs that various colleges and universities have implemented.
Unique Features.
Daily Schedule.
University High School's class schedule is unique, in that it is a mix of normal and block class scheduling. In a standard week, Monday is an "A" day, Tuesday a "B" day, Wednesday a "C" day, Thursday a "D" day, and Friday an "E" day. 
Morning Meeting.
Every morning between second and third periods, the entire school convenes in the cafeteria/auditorium, Andrews Hall, for a meeting where any student or faculty member can make announcements, followed most days by a presentation by either a student or faculty member. About once every week, almost exclusively on Fridays, Morning Meeting becomes an hour-long presentation, where an outside speaker comes in to discuss a topic for the entire hour. Past speakers have included roadies from Invisible Children, lawyers, and former television newscasters.
Laptop Program.
University High School features a one-to-one Macintosh laptop program where each student has their own laptop. Students use laptops as a way to create content for classes, as well as to communicate with faculty members and other students.
Mentoring.
Each student at University High School is paired with a faculty member with whom they meet once every two weeks for around a half an hour. Many times the student forms a bond with his or her mentor that can last beyond graduation and into college, as well as adulthood. Mentors are great resources to students with study tips, their social life, or just someone to hang out with and feel comfortable talking with.
Community Service.
University High School encourages students to go out and volunteer in the community. Volunteer opportunities include helping at IPS School 67 on off days, volunteering at a food pantry on Saturday mornings, participating in the WRTV Toy Drive, and by participating in the Polar Plunge, an event that raises money for the Special Olympics Indiana, by jumping into the freezing cold Eagle Creek Reservoir. Students may also participate in tutoring with School on Wheels and in volunteering at local homeless shelters.
College Counseling.
As a college preparatory school, University High School has a college counseling program where each student gets four years of preparation. The small size of the school gives Dr. James Fadely, the college counseling director, the ability to know and work with each student to find the college that is best for him or her. Unlike other college preparatory schools, Dr. Fadely initiates the college counseling process at the beginning of freshman year.
Accreditation.
The following organizations accredit University High School:
University High School is a member of:

</doc>
<doc id="20739203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739203" title="Believe in Me (Regina Belle album)">
Believe in Me (Regina Belle album)

Believe in Me is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter, Regina Belle. The album failed to entry "Billboard" 200 and peaked #42 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
It includes the hit singles, "I've Had Enough" and "Don't Let Go".

</doc>
<doc id="20739208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739208" title="Suzuki TC-90">
Suzuki TC-90

The Suzuki TC-90 was a 90cc, 2-Stroke, oil injected motorcycle. The TC, as opposed to the TS, had a HI-LOW range along with the 4 main gears.
The TC Suzuki series was closely related to the TS series.
External links.
The TC-90 had a dual range transmission, 4 speeds low (dirt) and 4 speeds high (pavement).

</doc>
<doc id="20739220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739220" title="Brainerd (band)">
Brainerd (band)

Brainerd is an American hard rock band formed in Madison, Wisconsin in 2002 by lead singer and bass player Daniel Dieterich. Current members include Shawn Blackler (guitar), Mike Henry (drums), and Jon Chvojicek (guitar).
History.
Brainerd was formed in Madison, Wisconsin in 2002 by featuring Daniel Dieterich (bass and vocals), Matt "Knife" Porwall (guitar), Travis Kasperbauer (rhythm guitar), and Tony Leskinnen (drums), who aimed to blend the punk rock, rock, and metal music styles, while portraying true stories about "living life to its most extreme potential." Occasionally delving into stories of violence, death, and the demonic, the lyrics provide a powerful insight into the mind of people affected by psychological and actual violence.
Tony Leskinnen left in 2003 to play with The Skintones and was replaced by Andy Kinzler, a friend of Kasperbauer from the Madison Media Institute, himself replaced by Mike "Magma" Henry from Bongzilla. Matt Porwall (lead guitar) was replaced by Shawn Blackler from Striking Irwin, and Travis Kasperbauer (rhythm guitar) quit in 2007 to play with Whore du Jour, and was replaced by Jonny "Vortex" Chvojicek from Brickshithouse and the High Noon Saloon.
Brainerd hosts the bi-annual Turbojugend Bloodbath concert series.

</doc>
<doc id="20739246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739246" title="Robert Wells (songwriter)">
Robert Wells (songwriter)

Robert Wells (October 15, 1922 – September 28, 1998) was an American songwriter, composer, script writer and television producer. During his early career, he collaborated with singer and songwriter Mel Tormé, writing several hit songs, most notably "The Christmas Song" in 1945. Later, he became a prolific writer and producer for television, for such shows as "The Dinah Shore Chevy Show", as well as for numerous variety specials, such as "" starring Shirley MacLaine. He was nominated for several Academy Awards and won six Emmys and a Peabody Award.
Early life and career.
Robert Wells was born in 1922 in Raymond, Washington. He attended a local business college and later the University of Southern California, where he majored in speech and drama. He served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Both before and after the war, he worked as a Script-writer and Lyricist for both radio and film.
Work with Mel Tormé.
From 1945–1949, Wells collaborated extensively with Mel Tormé. Among their many hits were "Born to be Blue" and "A Stranger Called the Blues", as well as numerous film songs. They received an Oscar nomination for the song "Country Fair" from the film "So Dear to My Heart".
Their most famous work together is "The Christmas Song". Wells had written what would become the first four lines of the song on a hot day in July, 1945. Tormé had come over to visit, and seen the lines written out on a notepad. Wells thought the idea of writing a Christmas song was a good means of cooling off in the hot California summer, and Tormé agreed. The song was completed in 40 minutes, and went on to become one of the most performed Christmas songs of all time.
Other work.
Tormé and Wells parted ways in 1949, and Wells went on to write extensively for film and television, as well as to continue to collaborate on popular songs with numerous other musicians and writers. Among his collaborators were Duke Ellington, Cy Coleman (with whom he was nominated for an Emmy), and Henry Mancini (with whom he was nominated for an Oscar).
Robert Wells was a frequent collaborator with filmmaker Blake Edwards, composing songs for such films as "A Shot in the Dark" and "10", as well as a 1975 British Television special for Edward's wife, Julie Andrews, titled "Julie – My Favourite Things". Other films to feature his work include the 1953 film "From Here to Eternity", 1954's "The French Line", the 1956 western "Tension at Table Rock".
On television, he served as a writer, songwriter and producer for The Dinah Shore Chevy Show, as well as a songwriter for numerous one-off variety specials, starring such acts as Gene Kelly, Peggy Fleming, Andy Williams, Victor Borge, Jane Powell, and Harry Belafonte. He won two Emmy awards for his work on the 1975 special "" starring Shirley MacLaine and four consecutive Emmy awards for his work on The Dinah Shore Chevy Show.
Personal life.
In 1949, Wells married Broadway stage actress and singer Lisa Kirk (of "Allegro" and "Kiss Me, Kate" fame). They remained married until her death in 1990.
Second wife is Marilyn Wells;
Stepson is Michael Gaines 
Notable songs.
Robert Wells has written or co-written over 400 published songs. Among the more notable ones: 
Awards.
Among the awards won by Robert Wells:

</doc>
<doc id="20739247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739247" title="Nurit Hirsh">
Nurit Hirsh

Nurit Hirsh (, b. Tel Aviv, 1942) is an Israeli composer, arranger and conductor who has written over a thousand Hebrew songs. Two of her most famous and widely songs are "Ba-Shanah ha-Ba’ah" ("Next Year", lyrics by Ehud Manor), and "Oseh Shalom bi-Meromav" (text from the Kaddish prayer)
Biography.
Nurit Hirsh studied at the Academy of Music in Tel Aviv, majoring in piano. She also studied composition with Mordecai Seter, orchestration with Noam Sheriff and conducting with Laslo Rott. She studied clarinet with Yaacov Barnea of the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra. Hirsh did her IDF military service with the entertainment troupe of the armored corps. She began composing upon completion of her service, debuting with "Perach Halilach", composed in 1965 to lyrics by Uri Asaf and which was made famous by singer Chava Alberstein.
Music career.
Hirsh has won prizes in Greece, Brazil, Chile, Japan, Portugal, Malta, Ireland and Yugoslavia. In 1973, her song "Ey Sham," performed by Ilanit, placed fourth in the Eurovision Song Contest in Luxembourg. She orchestrated the song and conducted the orchestra.
In the 1978 Eurovision Song Contest, again she conducted the orchestra for the Israeli entry A-Ba-Ni-Bi, which won first prize. Hirsh wrote the film scores for fourteen Israeli movies, among them "Lupo!", "Katz and Karasso", "Behind Walls" and the Ephraim Kishon's movie, The Policeman, which was nominated for best foreign picture at the 1972 Academy Awards. She conducted the musical Sallah Shabati during its three-year run at Israel's national theater Habima.
In February 2000, she was the guest of honor at a special tribute concert at the Mann Auditorium in Tel Aviv, where she played piano with the Israel Philharmonic. She has performed together with her daughter, Ruth Rosenfeld, an opera singer, at venues around the world.
She regularly collaborated with Ehud Manor and set many of his songs to music, among them "Habatim Shenigmeru Leyad Hayam", "Bashanah Haba'ah", "Lalechet Shevi Acharayich" and tens of other hits, the majority of which were performed by Ilanit, Ofra Fuchs and Rivka Zohar. Hirsh is also known for "Oseh Shalom Bimromav", which was composed for the first Hasidic Song Festival, held in 1969, and which took third prize. Her melody has since become part of the liturgy in synagogues and Jewish communities worldwide.
Awards.
Hirsh won the 2001 ACUM (Association of Composers, Authors and Publishers of Music in Israel) life achievement award for songwriting; the 2006 lifetime achievement award from Bar-Ilan University; and the 2006 Woman of the Year award from Lions Club Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20739263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739263" title="Guanqiao Station">
Guanqiao Station

Guanqiao Station () is a future elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It will be located at Guanqiao Village (), Shilou Town (), Panyu District. It will also be available for use when necessary in nearby areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20739269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739269" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Greene County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Greene County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Greene County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in Greene County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 44 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20739281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739281" title="Tricia Chuah">
Tricia Chuah

Tricia Chuah, (born October 31, 1982 in Kuala Lumpur) is a professional squash player who represented Malaysia.
Tricia grew up in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia and started playing squash at the start of her teens. At sixteen, she started to compete internationally.
Tricia was coached by Jamshed Gul as a junior and Raymond Arnold with the Malaysian national squad. As a junior she won a number of international titles including the Scottish Junior Open, and was a member of the national team which won the Asian Junior Championship twice and participated in the Commonwealth Youth Games in Scotland. As a senior, she won her first WISPA Tour title in 2005 in the Women's Islamic Games and has represented Malaysia in numerous Asian Squash Championships, World Team Squash Championships, the 2006 Commonwealth Games and World Doubles Squash Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20739322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739322" title="Charles Seltman">
Charles Seltman

Charles Theodore Seltman PhD (1886 – 28 June, 1957) was an English art historian and writer.
Charles Seltman was born in Paddington, London, England in 1886 to Ernest John Seltman and Barbara Smith Watson from Edinburgh, Scotland. He was educated at Berkhamsted School and during World War I served in the Suffolk Regiment in France. He married Isabel May Griffiths Dane (1893 - 1935), niece of Sir Louis Dane, in 1917 and in 1918 was accepted into Cambridge University where he specialized in archaeology.
He is known for his theory that authoritarian societies produce abstract art while free societies produce realistic art. 
He was a fellow of Queens' College, Cambridge and a University Lecturer in Classics; he was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Literature (Litt.D.).
His wife is buried at the Parish of the Ascension Burial Ground in Cambridge. He died on 28 June 1957, in Cambridge, and was cremated in Cambridge Crematorium (Cambridgeshire) on 1 July 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20739337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739337" title="Ernst Julius Gurlt">
Ernst Julius Gurlt

Ernst Julius Gurlt (September 13, 1825 - January 9, 1899) was a German surgeon born in Berlin. He was the son of veterinarian Ernst Friedrich Gurlt (1794–1882).
He studied medicine in Berlin, where he later became an assistant to Bernhard von Langenbeck. In 1853 he received his habilitation for surgery, becoming an associate professor in 1862 at the University of Berlin. He gained battle-related surgical experience during the First Schleswig War (1848), Second Schleswig War (1864), Austro-Prussian War (1866) and the Franco-Prussian War (1870/71).
Gurlt specialized in the treatment and research of bone and joint injuries. He is remembered for studies conducted in the field of medical statistics. 
Written works.
He was the author of an excellent three-volume work on the history of surgery, ("Geschichte der Chirurgie und ihre Ausübung", 1898), that was acclaimed for its thoroughness. Other noted publications by Gurlt are:

</doc>
<doc id="20739338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739338" title="2008 Egyptian bus accident">
2008 Egyptian bus accident

The 14 December 2008 Egyptian bus accident happened when a bus plunged into an irrigation ditch while traveling from Cairo to Minya killing at least fifty-five and injuring ten. From multiple sources, the accident happened when the bus driver swerved to avoid an oncoming truck, but others said that he lost control while trying to overtake another vehicle. 

</doc>
<doc id="20739344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739344" title="Special Investigation Group">
Special Investigation Group

The Special Investigation Group (SIG) is a New Zealand government group formed after 11 September 2001 to focus on threats to national security.
History.
Funding for the group was announced in 2004 and the group was formed in 2005. The formation of a central Strategic Intelligence Unit was approved by the New Zealand government as early as January 2002. The group was formed 'to focus on terrorism threats to national security' in response to September 11 terrorist attacks. SIG appears to be operated by New Zealand police in connection with the New Zealand Defence Force, Security Intelligence Service (SIS) and Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB). The group reportedly has teams in Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch. An intelligence unit and a special tactics group was formed by police in 2002 to look into terrorism, at the same time as the SIS budget increased markedly and when Jon White was made Assistant Commissioner of Counter Terrorism.
Controversy.
The subsequent activities of the group have been controversial, following the revelation in December 2008 that Christchurch man Rob Gilchrist had been spying for SIG officers on individuals and organisations including Greenpeace, Iraq war protestors, student associations, animal rights and climate change campaigners.
News that SIG existed first emerged in public media in December 2008, when it was reported that an exposed SIG spy had spied on political parties and organisations involved in peaceful, environmental, animal and human rights activities. Subsequent articles reported that SIG had been receiving information on a variety of organisations including unions, contrary to a prior claim that only individuals were targeted.
Officers involved in the group include Detective Peter Gilroy and Detective Senior Sergeant John Sjoberg, both named in connection with the Gilchrist incident. The Sunday Star Times reported, at the time the Gilchrist scandal broke, that Detective Peter Gilroy 'moved to New Zealand in 1973 from the London Metropolitan Police and was a member of the Armed Offenders Squad and then Special Tactics Group from 1975–1999, when he appears to have moved into police intelligence work'.
Within days of details covering SIG activities being released into mainstream media in December 2008, New Zealanders began calling for a commission of enquiry into the group.
SIG has been criticised for spying on peaceful protest and community organisations, wasting resources, and using "Stasi tactics and covert political operations that undermine democracy" (Keith Locke, Green Party police spokesperson). The group has also been criticised for "dangling money, public money, in front of protest group members, such as Gilchrist, in an attempt to them into spies" (Alan Liefting, Coalition spokesperson), and for having "gone well outside its mandate" (Andrew Little, EPMU president).
On 22 December 2008 the Maritime Union of New Zealand announced it had received legal advice and would seek further action. The union wants to know what information is held by police about itself. Others who have already received SIG information about themselves include pacifist Harmeet Sooden, whose SIG files were released during a Scoop investigation in December 2008.
According to the New Zealand Herald, Police Commissioner Howard Broad commented that "he did not believe an inquiry is needed into allegations police have been spying on peaceful protest groups and defended the use of informants, saying they were used for a range of inquiries including murder." Broad stated that "police were not targeting peaceful protesters but if they were alerted to the possibility of violent action or vandalism, they acted." He also said that "SIG was intended to assess threats from individuals who may or may not be members of groups."

</doc>
<doc id="20739346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739346" title="Homeland Security USA">
Homeland Security USA

Homeland Security USA portrayed members of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and other agencies tasked with the security of the US, performing their day-to-day duties. It was the American version of the Australian reality show "". 
The show premiered on January 6, 2009 on ABC. The show was put on hiatus May 19, 2009. Prior to the show premiering, ABC was met with minor protests from Latin American groups, claiming that the series was anti-immigrant. Once the series premiered, it was shown to be a balanced look at officers within Homeland Security (many of whom were Latino) who fought various crimes such as drug trafficking. Remaining episodes aired a few months later on weekend afternoons on ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="20739347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739347" title="Rolando Gomez">
Rolando Gomez

Rolando Gomez (born 1962) is an American freelance photographer and author of photographic how-to books.
His work has appeared in "Parade Magazine", "Rangefinder Magazine", "D-Pixx Magazine", "Peterson's 4-Wheel Drive", "Stars and Stripes", "Army Times", "Airman", "Soldiers", Playboy.com, Netscape.com, "Studio Photography & Design", "PMA Daily", and "Leica World News".
He founded garageglamour.com, an online forum for photographers, in 1999, and is one of the featured members of Lexar Media Elite Photographers. According to his website, Gomez was a photography specialist in the US Army. He was a past head of multimedia production for Air Force News.

</doc>
<doc id="20739363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739363" title="Wang Shizhen (Tang Dynasty)">
Wang Shizhen (Tang Dynasty)

Wang Shizhen (王士真) (759-809), formally Prince Jingxiang of Qinghe (清河景襄王), was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served as a military governor ("Jiedushi") of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) and ruled it in a "de facto" independent manner from the imperial regime.
Background.
Wang Shizhen was born in 759. It is known that his father was Wang Wujun, who was, around or sometime after his birth, an officer serving under the general Li Baochen, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Chengde Circuit, and that he was Wang Wujun's oldest son. Wang Shizhen had at least three younger brothers, Wang Shiqing (王士清), Wang Shiping (王士平), and Wang Shize (王士則).
Service under Li Baochen and Li Weiyue.
It was said that Wang Shizhen became a fierce soldier in his youth and was capable in strategies. He became a guard commander for Li Baochen, and Li Baochen gave him a daughter in marriage. Wang Shizhen carefully cultivated his relationships with Li Baochen's close associates. Late in Li Baochen's life, he wanted to pass his position to his son Li Weiyue, but feared that Li Weiyue was weak in personality and could not control the officers, and therefore began killing the more capable officers. However, due to the marriage relationship and Wang Shizhen's carefulness in befriending Li Baochen's close associates, Wang Wujun was able to escape this fate.
Li Baochen died in 781, and Emperor Dezong refused to let Li Weiyue inherit his position. Thereafter, Li Weiyue and the rulers of three other allied circuits — Li Na, whom Emperor Dezong similarly refused to allow to inherit his father Li Zhengji's position as military governor of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) when Li Zhengji died in 781 as well; Tian Yue the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei); and Liang Chongyi the military governor of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei) prepared for war against the imperial government. Liang was quickly defeated by Li Xilie and committed suicide, while imperial forces inflicted serious damage on Tian's and Li Na's forces. Meanwhile, Zhu Tao the acting military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) attacked Li Weiyue from the north and was quickly able to persuade two key Chengde officers, Zhang Xiaozhong the prefect of Yi Prefecture (易州, in modern Shijiazhuang) and Kang Rizhi (康日知) the prefect of Zhao Prefecture (趙州, in modern Shijiazhuang), to submit their respective prefectures turn against Li Weiyue. When Li Weiyue tried to counterattack in spring 782, Zhu and Zhang's joint forces defeated him at Shulu (束鹿, in modern Shijiazhuang), forcing him to flee back to Chengde's capital Heng Prefecture. It was said that during the Battle of Shulu, Wang Wujun, serving as Li Weiyue's forward commander and believing that Li Weiyue was already suspicious of him, decided not to fight to the best of his ability, and that this led to the defeat.
After the defeat, Li Weiyue was even more suspicious of Wang, but his advisors pointed out that there was no one other than Wang who would be capable to command the army. Li Weiyue thus commissioned Wang, assisted by Wei Changning (衛常寧), to attack Zhao Prefecture, and put Wang Shizhen in charge of security at headquarters. Wang Wujun was relieved to get to leave Heng Prefecture, and once he exited the city, initially wanted to flee to Zhang. Wei pointed out that Emperor Dezong had issued an edict promising to give the offices that Li Weiyue wanted to whoever would cut off Li Weiyue's head and advocated for an attack on Li Weiyue. Wang Wujun thus notified Wang Shizhen and involved Li Weiyue's close associate Xie Zun (謝遵) in the plot at well. He made a surprise attack against Heng Prefecture, and Wang Shizhen and Xie opened the city gates to welcome him. Wang Shizhen also captured Li Weiyue and delivered him to Wang Wujun. Wang Wujun killed Li Weiyue and his associates and surrendered to the imperial government.
Service under Wang Wujun.
Emperor Dezong, in the aftermaths, divided Chengde's seven prefectures into three smaller circuits — with Zhang Xiaozhong receiving three prefectures and the title of military governor of the newly created Yidingcang Circuit (易定滄, headquartered in modern Baoding, Hebei, later renamed Yiwu Circuit (義武)), while Wang Wujun and Kang Rizhi received two prefectures each with lesser titles of military prefect (團練使, "Tuanlianshi"), of Hengji (恆冀) and Shenzhao (深趙, both headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang). This displeased both Zhu Tao and Wang — as Zhu had wanted Emperor Dezong to give him Shen Prefecture (深州, in modern Hengshui, Hebei), which went to Kang instead (Emperor Dezong gave Zhu two prefectures on paper, De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong), both then still held by Li Na, and Wang believed that Emperor Dezong had reneged on the promise to reward him with the positions that Li Weiyue had wanted. He was further fearful when he received orders to provide Zhu's army with food and Ma Sui's army (which was then attacking Tian Yue) with horses, believing that Emperor Dezong might be using those orders to divert his power and getting ready to attack him next. Tian, hearing of Zhu's disaffection, sent emissaries to Zhu to persuade him to turn against the imperial forces and aid him. Zhu agreed, and in turn sent emissaries to Wang, persuading him to join the alliance as well and agreeing to give him Shen Prefecture, which Zhu occupied at the time. Wang was pleased, and agreed to join him and Tian.
Subsequently, with Tian in desperate straits, Zhu and Wang Wujun advanced south and dealt a severe blow to the imperial forces, forcing them to lift the siege on Weibo's capital Wei Prefecture (魏州). Meanwhile, the imperial general Li Sheng took this opportunity to attack north and joined forces with Zhang, forcing Wang Shizhen, who was then sieging Kang at Zhao Prefecture, to lift the siege on Zhao Prefecture and withdraw back to Heng Prefecture. Meanwhile, in the aftermaths of the imperial forces' defeat, Tian was grateful to Zhu, and offered to subjugate himself and Wang Wujun to Zhu — in effect, offering the emperor title to Zhu. Zhu declined, crediting Wang rather than himself for the victory. At the suggestion of Zhu's staff member Li Ziqian (李子千) and Wang's staff member Zheng Ru (鄭濡), they decided to each claim a princely title to show independence from imperial authority, but keep Tang's era name in order not to completely break from Tang. On December 9, 782, in an elaborate ceremony, Zhu claimed the title of Prince of Ji; Wang claimed the title of Prince of Zhao; Tian claimed the title of Prince of Wei; and they issued a letter offering Li Na the title of Prince of Qi. They also established administrations with governmental structures paralleling the Tang imperial government to further show independence, although the titles were intentionally different than Tang's to show some subordination. After Wang Wujun claimed royal title, he bestowed the titles of Sikong (司空, one of the Three Excellencies) and supreme commander of the armed forces on Wang Shizhen and left him in charge of the capital Zhending (真定, i.e., Heng Prefecture).
Not much is known about Wang Shizhen's activities during the subsequent years of wars, although it is known that after Wang Wujun, Li Na, and Tian Yue removed their own imperial titles and resubmitted to Emperor Dezong's rule in 784, Wang Wujun made him the deputy military governor, and Emperor Dezong also created Wang Shizhen the Prince of Qinghe. In 790, when Zhao Gao (趙鎬) the prefect of Di Prefecture (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) rebelled against Wang Wujun and surrendered to Li Na, it was Wang Shizhen that Wang Wujun sent to attack Zhao, but Wang Shizhen was unable to recapture Di Prefecture. Only after Emperor Dezong intervened and ordered the two circuits and Weibo Circuit (which was also involved) to make peace with each other did Li Na return Di Prefecture to Chengde. After Wang Wujun died in 801, Emperor Dezong made Wang Shizhen military governor to succeed his father.
As military governor.
It was said that Wang Shizhen, while serving his father in the campaigns, suffered much difficulty, and that after he became military governor, he was interested in being restful and peaceful. Like his father and the other "de facto" independent military governors, he refused to submit taxes to the imperial government and refused to allow the imperial government to commission Chengde officials, but, in contrast with Weibo and Lulong, he often submitted tributes. In 806, by which time Emperor Dezong's grandson Emperor Xianzong was emperor, Emperor Xianzong bestowed on Wang Shizhen the honorary chancellor designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事).
In 807, there was a dispute between Wang, Liu Ji the military governor of Lulong Circuit, and Zhang Maozhao (張茂昭, Zhang Xiaozhong's son) the military governor of Yiwu Circuit that caused them to submit accusations against each other. Emperor Xianzhong sent the official Fang Shi (房式) to mediate a peace between them. Wang Shizhen died in 809, and was given posthumous honors. Emperor Xianzong initially did not allow his oldest son Wang Chengzong to inherit the position, but eventually did.

</doc>
<doc id="20739369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739369" title="Steve Schale">
Steve Schale

Steve Schale is a political strategist in Florida. He was the State Director for the Barack Obama campaign in Florida, managing Obama's 2008 effort in the state. 
Born in Kankakee, IL, Schale is a graduate of the University of the South in Sewanee, TN, where he received degrees in Political Science and History. He got his political start in 1996, managing the state house campaign of Doug Wiles of St. Augustine. Wiles, who for several terms represented the most Republican seat held by a Democrat, went on to become the Minority Leader of the State House in Florida, where Schale joined him as his Communications Director.
In 2005, Schale left the legislature to take over the political operations of the State House Democratic Caucus, where under his leadership and working with now State Senator Dan Gelber, the Democrats had their best two-year election cycle in history, picking up nine districts previously held by Republicans, for which Schale was called the "newest star of the Florida Democratic Party" by the St. Petersburg Times, and "Wunderkind" by the National Journal.
In June 2008, Schale was hired by Obama for America to run the Tampa-based Florida operation, helping Senator Obama become the first non-incumbent Democrat to win Florida since President Jimmy Carter's win in 1976, leading an effort that the Miami Herald said will "change the way politics is practiced in Florida." In winning Florida, Obama carried most of the critical swing counties in central Florida and registered hundreds of thousands of new voters.
Following the Obama campaign, Schale returned to Tallahassee, where is married to Nikole Souder-Schale, a regional Vice President with the American Heart Association. He is currently advising the Florida Democratic Party's state house operation and Dan Gelber, a possible candidate for Florida's open United States Senate seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20739404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739404" title="Battle of Yeonpyeong">
Battle of Yeonpyeong

Yeonpyeong (ko:연평대전) or Battle of Western Sea indicates one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="20739415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739415" title="The Great Fire of Saint John, New Brunswick">
The Great Fire of Saint John, New Brunswick

The Great Fire was an urban fire that destroyed much of Saint John, New Brunswick in June 1877. On 20 June when a spark fell into a bundle of hay in Henry Fair Weathers storehouse in the York Point Slip area. Nine hours later the fire had destroyed over and 1,612 structures including eight churches, six banks, fourteen hotels, eleven schooners and four wood boats. The fire had killed approximately 20 people, and injuring many more. No photographs exist of the fire. But some survivors accounts of the blaze tell that the fire came so close to the harbour that it looked like the water was on fire.
Saint John's Trinity Royal Heritage Conservation Area was built out of the ashes of the fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20739459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739459" title="Dissolved load">
Dissolved load

Dissolved load is the term for material, especially ions from chemical weathering, that are carried in solution by a stream. The dissolved load contributes to the total amount of material removed from a catchment. The amount of material carried as dissolved load is typically much smaller than the suspended load, though this is not always the case. Dissolved load comprises a significant portion of the total material flux out of a landscape, and its composition is important in regulating the chemistry and biology of the stream. 
References.
USGS CMG InfoBank: Suspended and Dissolved Loads

</doc>
<doc id="20739517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739517" title="Christmas with Weezer">
Christmas with Weezer

Christmas with Weezer is a Christmas album by American rock band Weezer. It was released through DGC / Interscope on December 16, 2008. 
The six tracks were originally recorded for the previously released iPhone OS video game "Christmas with Weezer". The "Tap Tap" versions of these songs lack the background vocals found in the released versions and are different mixes.

</doc>
<doc id="20739530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739530" title="Margarita Cadenas">
Margarita Cadenas

Margarita Cadenas (Caracas, Venezuela), is a venezuelen-french director, producer and screenwriter. 
Biography.
Margarita Cadenas was born in Caracas, Venezuela. After earning her diploma in social communication in the Catholic University «Andres Bello” (1977), very young she quickly started her career as a high-level journalist. She became a reporter for Venezuelan television and wrote for several newspapers. Her talent was spotted and she was asked to present the 20: 30 news for national television Canal 8 (1977–1979). She then went on to interview local political players. 
She left for Great Britain in 1979 where she specialised in production and directing with the British Council and BBC London. With this experience under her belt, she directed and produced her first work of fiction “Cindy” or a Cinderella turned punk, and a documentary about Venezuela called “Land of Grace”.
She then moved to France in 1982.
Between 1983 and 1986, she was an assistant director at SFP (Societé Française de Production) working with directors like Claude de Givray, Gabriel Axel, Philippe Monnier, Michel Boisrond, Jean-Jacques Goron. After this experience, she co-created her first production company, Alta Mira (1986) They produced shorts films, docs and film ads.
Between 1988 and 1995, she continued her work producing more than 60 Publicity films, shot in South Africa, Argentina, Venezuela, England, Denmark, Spain and France. She worked for various companies like 50/49, Son and Lumière et Movie Box as an executive producer for publicity agencies like Saatchi & Saatchi, Young & Rubicam, Grey, RSCG, Léo Burnett UK, Mc Cann, and title producer for directors like Peter Suschitzky, Eric de La Hosseraye, Costa Kekemenis, Christine Pascal, Jaime de la Peña and Roch Stefanik.
In 1995, she began to produce works of fiction and created the company MC² PRODUCTIONS. In 1996, TF1 broadcast her first television series., “Barrage sur l’Orenoque” This French-Spanish co-production was followed by “Marie et Tom” a French-Canadian co-production in 2000. Meanwhile she was developing her first feature projects. With MC² Productions she coproduced with Village Roadshow Productions a film by Tassos Boulmetis entitled “A touch of spice” (2003). She produced for the French Television "Chuao, la vallée merveilleuse" (2006) by H. Becerra and G. Jacquemin.
Her career as an auteur also got started when co-wrote her first television series "Barrage sur L’Orénoque” (1996) and as director with the documentary “Au-delà des apparences" on the controversial anthropologist Jacques Lizot witch she also wrote and produced.
She went back to her native country in 2007 and started to publish articles and pictures in her page History and Voyages in the Daily “El Expreso”. 
Writer, Producer and Director of the short films “Mascaras” (2009) featured in the Cines Unidos Circuit in Venezuela. 
Writer, producer and director of the Documentary “Macondo” (2009) : about the living house of Miguel Otero Silva, a famous writer, poet, and owner of the daily journal “El Nacional”, an icon of journalism in Venezuela and Maria Teresa Castillo, a fighter for women’s rights. 
After an expedition to the Amazon that she organised for a book to be published on the mythology of the Yanomami Indians, she wrote the long feature film “Cenizas Eternas” which she has also produced and directed (2011).Theatrical release in Cines Unidos in all cities of Venezuela on 9 December 2011 to 23 March 2012.
Audience Award II Dones i Cinema Art Festival, Valencia, Spain 2012
Price Best Sound Track at XXVII Latin American Festival Trieste, Italy 2012
Nominated in the Competition World's Best First Film of the Official Selection of the XXXV World Film Festival in Montreal, Canada 2011
Official Selection at the Festival Les Reflets du Cinema Iberian Villeurbanne, France 2012
Nominated Best Film in National Competition at the Festival de Cine Venezolano in Merida, Venezuela 2012
Presented at the Festival of Films Present, Martigny, Switzerland 2012
Biennale of Contemporary Art Marcigny, France 2012
Barrage sur l'Orénoque (Dam on the Orinoco)(1996).
Written and produced by Margarita Cadenas in 1996, tells the story of a French engineer, who arrives in Venezuela to work on the construction of a dam on the Orinoco River. She is involved in various situations, many of which are particularly linked to the environment. During her struggle, she meets a Franco-Venezuelan adventurer who lives with a love story.
Au-delà des apparences (Beyond appearances)(1996).
Written and directed by Margarita Cadenas, led by MC ² Productions in conjunction with RCTV, Cinesens and A. Kerjean. Based on the different schools of anthropology and the passion of anthropologists by the Yanomami Indians, from the sixties, this documentary lets us go to meet Jacques Lizot since its arrival in the Venezuelan Amazon, in 1968, where he lived most of twenty years until his return to his country of origin France.
Marie et Tom (Mary and Tom)(2000).
Produced by MC ² Productions in conjunction with RDV Productions, TF1 and Téléfictions Canada. It tells the story of a woman of extremely small stature that leaves France to go to work in Canada and start a new life. There found a rich young man, heir to a great fortune, in whose hand is love. It was distributed in 2002 in France, Canada, Belgium, Switzerland and Africa.
El gusto de la vida (A touch of Spice)(2003).
It is a bitter-sweet comedy and nostalgic about the awakening that occurs to leave the country of origin, and, more importantly, shows how the kitchen can give us a valuable lesson about life itself. It was written and directed by Tassos Boulmetis and produced, Village Roadshow Productions (Australian company producing films such as The Matrix, Analyze This, Training Day, Mystic River, Happy Feet, among many others) and Smallridge International ANS. Margarita Cadenas worked as an associated producer for Roadshow Productions. 
t was distributed in Europe, Latin America, United States, Canada, Australia. Awards in the 44e International Festival of Thessaloniki: Best Film, Best Director (Tassos Boulmetis), Best Screenplay (Tassos Boulmetis), Best Cinematography (Takis Zervoulakos), Best Set (Olga Leontiadou), Best Music (Evanthia Reboutsika), Best Sound (Dimitris Athanassopoulos), Best Editing (Giorgos Mavropsaridis) Award Dewars of the public to the best Greek film. Special Award of Excellence from the Association of Film and Television Technicians Greeks.
Chuao, La vallée Merveilleuse (Chuao, Grand Valley)(2006).
Produced by Margarita Cadenas, under the direction of Hamilton Becerra and Gaël Jacquemin. Chuao, a small Venezuelan town, nestled between mountains and sea. The inhabitants of this place are the direct descendants of African slaves brought over three centuries ago by Spanish colonists to grow cocoa. They manufactured today, totally organic and artisan, the world's best cacao. Currently, the project of a highway that would link to Chuao with the rest of the country, concerned about its inhabitants.
Máscaras (Masks)(2009).
Written, directed and produced by Margarita Cadenas, is a series of four short films of 75 seconds each. The concept of each of the shorts is to give a first impression that invites you to discover that behind every story.
Macondo (2009).
Written, directed and produced by Margarita Cadenas
Macondo was a place of universal dimension, without a doubt!
In a few weeks, Macondo was torn down: the marvelous place and the surrounding vegetation.But not the ideas that saw life there nor the capacity of the reflections.
Macondo represented, above all, friendship, freedom, creation and beauty,
the beauty of emotion, the spirit, human beauty…
Oblivion is not the victory over wrong, nor is it victory over nothing. 
If it is a veiled way of laughing at history, the memory remains….
Cenizas Eternas (Eternal Ashes)(2011).
Eternal Ashes tells the story of a mother, Ana, and her daughter, Elena. Although they are separated, in the space and time, they remain united forever.
Written, directed and produced by Margarita Cadenas.
Theatrical release in Cines Unidos in all cities of Venezuela on 9 December 2011 to 23 March 2012. 
Audience Award II Dones i Cinema Art Festival, Valencia, Spain 2012 
Price Best Sound Track at XXVII Latin American Festival Trieste, Italy 2012 
Nominated in the Competition World's Best First Film of the Official Selection of the XXXV World Film Festival in Montreal, Canada 2011 
Official Selection at the Festival Les Reflets du Cinema Iberian Villeurbanne, France 2012 
Nominated Best Film in National Competition at the Festival de Cine Venezolano in Merida, Venezuela 2012 
Presented at the Festival of Films Present, Martigny, Switzerland 2012 
Biennale of Contemporary Art Marcigny, France 2012
Festival d’Auray (France) - 2012
Festival des spiritualties – Puerto Ordaz (Venezuela) - 2012
6ème Festival Cinema del Mar – Punta del Este (Uruguay) – 2013
Festival Your Kontinent – Richmond (United States) - 2013
XVII Boston Ibero-American Film Festival ( United States) - 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20739576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739576" title="Trend News Agency">
Trend News Agency

Trend News Agency () is the biggest private news company in Azerbaijan, Caucasus and Central Asia. 
History and profile.
Founded in 1995 as a private media outlet in Azerbaijan, Trend News Agency is a leading news provider in the Caucasus, Caspian region and the Central Asia. Ilgar Huseynov is the director general of the agency.
Trend News Agency has five news services - Azerbaijani, English, Russian, Arabic and Persian. The services provide news of countries and regions by placing more focus on ongoing events in languages appropriate to the specific audiences. 
Trend publishes a daily bulletin of business news, specialized bulletins - "Trend Oil and Gas", which covers oil and gas markets of the Caspian Sea region and the Central Asia; Trend Transport, which reviews the transport sector in the region; Trend Weekly Business Report and Trend Monthly Business Report - review of macroeconomic indicators of Azerbaijan’s economy; specialized edition Trend Finances - review on the financial sector; Iran Economy Review, which covers macroeconomics in Iran.
During the day the company produces news items in 5 languages including, English, Russian, Azerbaijani, Persian and Arabic.
The Agency holds its correspondents in 16 countries. On 8 November 2013, the agency signed a cooperation agreement with the official news agency of Kyrgyzstan, Kabar.

</doc>
<doc id="20739586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739586" title="List of fires in Canada">
List of fires in Canada

This is a list of fires in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20739606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739606" title="Qingsheng Station">
Qingsheng Station

Qingsheng Station () is a future elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It will be located at Qingsheng Village (), Dongchong Town (), Panyu District. It will also be available for use when necessary in nearby areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20739617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739617" title="Porcher">
Porcher

Porcher is a French language word meaning "swineherd" (from Old French "porc"), from which a metonymic surname is derived. Variants of the surname include Porchier, Porquier, Porquiez, Pourcher, Pourchaire, Porchet, Porchel, Porchat and Pourchet; and also diminutive forms Porcheray, Porcheret, Porcherot and Porcherel.

</doc>
<doc id="20739710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739710" title="Country Pure Foods">
Country Pure Foods

Country Pure Foods makes single-serve, aseptic, frozen, and chilled fruit drinks, juices, nectars, and concentrates for retail food purveyors and foodservice operators. It also provides food manufacturers with fruit ingredients. The company's brand names include Natural Country Farms and Ardmore Farms. Country Pure also packages juice for other beverage companies. Country Pure is headquarterd in Akron, Ohio and operates a juice plant in Ellington, Connecticut, and DeLand, Florida. Country Pure Foods was created in 1995 through a merger of Natural Country Farms and Ohio Pure Foods. Country Pure had nearly $100 million in sales in the 2007 fiscal year and currently employs 450 workers. Country Pure Foods remains to this day a privately held corporation. Country Pure's top competitors are Coca-Cola, Dole Foods, and Kraft Foods. Product from the Ellington, CT, plant is sold to major airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="20739773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739773" title="Calgary Fire of 1886">
Calgary Fire of 1886

The Calgary Fire of 1886 occurred on Sunday, November 7, 1886. The fire began at the rear wall of the local flour and feed store, and spread through the community's wooden structures. The recently organized Calgary Fire Department successfully used the recently ordered but not yet paid for chemical engine. Ultimately, fourteen buildings were destroyed or razed in attempts to control the blaze. Losses were estimated at $103,200, however no one was killed or injured. Authorities suggested arson may have been involved, but no arrests were made.
To reduce the potential for future fires, city officials drafted a law that all large downtown buildings were to be built with Paskapoo sandstone.

</doc>
<doc id="20739843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739843" title="Beitang">
Beitang

Beitang may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20739859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739859" title="Lim Yoke Wah">
Lim Yoke Wah

Lim Yoke Wah, (born January 6, 1986 in Ipoh, Perak) is a professional squash player who represented Malaysia.
Yoke Wah grew up at her birthplace Ipoh and started playing squash aged ten after being introduced to the sport by a coach. She was trained by Lee See Wee and Ahmed Malik from Pakistan. As a junior she won the Hong Kong Junior Open and represented Malaysia.
Currently she is based in Kuala Lumpur and coached by Ahmed Malik while studying at Universiti Putra Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20739890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739890" title="Cork County (Parliament of Ireland constituency)">
Cork County (Parliament of Ireland constituency)

Cork County was a constituency represented in the Irish House of Commons to 1800.
Boundaries and Boundary Changes.
This constituency was the borough in County Cork. It returned two members to the Parliament of Ireland to 1800.
History.
In the Patriot Parliament of 1689 summoned by King James II, Cork County was represented with two members. Following the Act of Union 1800 the borough retained two parliamentary seats in the United Kingdom House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="20739896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20739896" title="Durhamville, Tennessee">
Durhamville, Tennessee

Durhamville is a rural unincorporated community in Lauderdale County, Tennessee. Durhamville is the second oldest town in Lauderdale County. It was founded by Colonel Thomas Durham in 1829 or 1830. Thomas Durham owned a store in the town since 1826.
Blues guitarist Sleepy John Estes is buried at Elam Baptist Church Cemetery in Durhamville.
History.
Civil War.
During the American Civil War, a detachment of the 52nd Indiana Volunteer Infantry engaged Confederate troops at Durhamville in 1862. One Union Army soldier was killed and ten wounded, eight Confederate soldiers were killed.
Blues.
Sleepy John Estes was a U.S. blues guitarist, songwriter and vocalist, born in Ripley, Lauderdale County. He died on June 5, 1977 in his home of 17 years in Brownsville, Haywood County, Tennessee. Sleepy John Estes is buried at Elam Baptist Church Cemetery in Durhamville.
Geography.
Durhamville is located at . The settlement is situated on the southeastern edge of the New Madrid Seismic Zone, an area with a high earthquake risk.
Economy.
Agriculture is the dominant source of income in the area surrounding Durhamville, especially the cultivation of cotton.
After the abolition of slavery, sharecropping was the primary means of income for low income families in the area. Mostly for the cultivation of cotton, land would be used by sharecroppers in return for a share of the crop to the landowner. Modern machines such as the cotton picker have made the manual cultivation obsolete over time as they took over the work from manual laborers.
As of 2008, there were no industries in Durhamville; some of its houses are abandoned; and as an unincorporated community, it has no defined boundaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20740044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740044" title="Bola tangkas">
Bola tangkas

Bola tangkas or Indonesian style poker is a casino game using 7 cards to generate the highest card combination. Unlike common poker, Bola tangkas based on five-card draw poker by tossing out 2 other cards.
It is played on a computerized console similar in size to a slot machine.
History.
Bola tangkas was established throughout the 1980s and became increasingly popular in casinos, as people found the devices less intimidating than playing table games. Today bola tangkas enjoys a prominent place on the gaming floors of many casinos in Indonesia. These local casinos often offer lower denomination machines or better odds.
Regulation.
Game play begins by placing a bet of one or more credits, by inserting money (or in newer machines, a barcoded paper ticket with credit) into the machine, and then pressing a "Deal" button to draw cards. The player is then given an opportunity to keep or discard one or more of the cards in exchange for a new card drawn from the same virtual deck. After the draw, the machine evaluates the hand and offers a payout if the hand matches one of the winning hands in the posted pay schedule.
Players' Club.
Game play begins by placing a bet of one or more credits, by inserting money (or in newer machines, a barcoded paper ticket with credit) into the machine, and then pressing a "Deal" button to draw cards. The player is then given an opportunity to keep or discard one or more of the cards in exchange for a new card drawn from the same virtual deck. After the draw, the machine evaluates the hand and offers a payout if the hand matches one of the winning hands in the posted pay schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="20740069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740069" title="Yaozhou">
Yaozhou

Yaozhou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20740102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740102" title="Fred Clark (Wisconsin legislator)">
Fred Clark (Wisconsin legislator)

Fred Clark (born May 14, 1959) is an American forester, conservationist and businessman from Baraboo, Wisconsin, currently serving as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing the 81st Assembly District, which includes Baraboo, Portage, and Wisconsin Dells.
Background.
Born in Ann Arbor, Michigan on May 14, 1959, Clark graduated from Huron High School in Ann Arbor in 1977. He attended Michigan Technological University before earning a B.S. from Michigan State University in 1985, and an M.S. in Forest Science from the University of Wisconsin–Madison 1992. He served as a Senior Forester with the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and an ecologist with The Nature Conservancy.
Clark is now a consulting forester, owner of Clark Forestry in Baraboo. Clark Forestry provides forestry management and consulting services to family forest owners, farmers, environmental groups, and government agencies throughout Wisconsin. He is a member of the Society of American Foresters, The Nature Conservancy, and the National Wild Turkey Federation.
Public service.
Clark was appointed by Republican Governor Tommy Thompson to the Lower Wisconsin Riverway Board in 1998, where he served as a representative for Columbia County. In 2004, Clark was appointed by Democratic Governor Jim Doyle to the Wisconsin Council on Forestry, where he leads the Council's invasive species committee.
Clark was first elected to the Assembly in 2008, defeating incumbent Republican J.A. "Doc" Hines by a substantial margin (15,936 to 11,304); he was assigned to the standing committees on forestry, (of which he became chair in December 2009), on natural resources, and on rural economic development, and the Wisconsin Council on Tourism. He was reelected in 2010 by a narrow margin (10,208 votes to 9921 for Republican Jack Cummings); he become the Minority Caucus Vice Chairperson for the 2011-2012 session.
In March 2011 Clark moved his desk outside of the capital building to meet with constituents, because of difficulties the public was having entering the building, as a result of an "essential" lock-down of the building to dissuade protests of Governor Walker and his efforts to strip collective bargaining rights away from teachers in Wisconsin.
On April 21, 2011, Clark announced his candidacy for the 14th district seat in the Wisconsin Senate, in the recall election against Luther Olsen, as part of the 2011 Wisconsin protests.
In the recall election, Clark was endorsed by the "Capital Times", which described him as the "more able, independent and responsible candidate." He lost the race, with Olsen polling fifty-two percent to Clark's forty-eight percent.

</doc>
<doc id="20740125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740125" title="BuySellAds.com">
BuySellAds.com

BuySellAds.com is an online advertising network based in Boston, Massachusetts. It was founded in 2008 by CEO Todd Garland.
Usage.
According to W3Techs, BuySellAds is used on 0.4% of all websites. Based on BuiltWith Trends, BuySellAds.com has grown by 39% in the last year (as of November 2011) and ranks as the 16th fastest-growing advertising company.
Acquisitions.
In late 2011, BuySellAds.com acquired FusionAds, the second largest "one ad per page" advertising network, as well as BeaconAds, the largest Christian advertising network, in a deal reportedly valued under $400,000. However, contradiction between BuySellAds.com's and FusionAds' advertising visions has raised compatibility issues regarding the two.
Awards and recognition.
BuySellAds was named as a finalist in the 2010 MITX Technology Awards.
BuySellAds.com was ranked as number 248 on Inc. magazine's 2012 Inc. 500, an annually-published list of the 500 fastest-growing private companies in the United States, as ranked according to percentage revenue growth over a four-year period. According to Inc., BuySellAds' annual revenue increased from $550,753 in 2008 to $8.5 million in 2011. Furthermore, BuySellAds was ranked number 35 in the Advertising & Marketing industry in the Inc. 500, as well as number #11 in the category of Boston-based businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="20740126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740126" title="Yintai">
Yintai

Yintai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20740129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740129" title="Type 75 130 mm Multiple Rocket Launcher">
Type 75 130 mm Multiple Rocket Launcher

The was developed to carry the 130 mm rocket system developed by the Aerospace Division of the Nissan Motor Company. It used the suspension, tracks and diesel engine of the Type 73 Armored Personnel Carrier. Komatsu was responsible for the chassis and IHI Aerospace, as Nissan's Aerospace Division has since been renamed, for the launcher and its rockets. 15 Type 75 wind measurement vehicles were built on the same chassis to provide weather information for the rockets.
As of 2001 Japan reported to the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs that 61 Type 75s were in service as well as 13 wind measurement vehicles. It is being gradually replaced by American designed license-built 227 mm M270 Multiple Launch Rocket System. According to Jane's only about 20 are left in service as of 2008.
The rockets are fin-stabilized. They can be fired individually or in a 12 second ripple.

</doc>
<doc id="20740132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740132" title="The Mongol Messenger">
The Mongol Messenger

The Mongol Messenger is the first English language newspaper published from Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="20740147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740147" title="Edward S. Mann">
Edward S. Mann

Edward Stebbins Mann (1908–2005) was the president of the Eastern Nazarene College.
Early life and career.
Ed Mann was born September 24, 1908 in Waterville, Vermont, the son of a state senator. In 1925, at the age of 16, he enrolled at Eastern Nazarene College. As a student, he helped raise funds for the school's first baseball diamond, later raising more funds and helping dig the foundation for the school's first gymnasium.
Mann started teaching at Eastern Nazarene as a math professor in 1929 and became the assistant to the president, Gideon B. Williamson, in 1941. He also served as dean of men and business manager before he became vice-president of the college in 1945, and was elected president in 1948, a position he held until 1970. He was the college's longest-serving president and it was during his tenure that such things as intervarsity athletics began at the college. Speaking at a North Quincy High School commencement in 1958, Mann is quoted as having said: "The attitude one takes toward work is an indication of the kind of person he is. Most people can be classified by their reactions when faced with a difficult task. ... Men need to learn that happiness does not come through idleness but through hard, honest toil."
He was also elected president of the General Board and executive secretary of the Board of Education for the Church of the Nazarene in 1966 and 1970, respectively. In addition, he was a member of the Quincy School Committee, where he served for 10 years, a member of the Quincy Rotary Club and the Quincy Historical Society, and director of the Evangelistic Association of New England. He received the Benjamin Franklin Hodginson Award for Outstanding Service to Quincy in 1963 and the Quincy Jaycees Distinguished Service Award in 1968. He was named President Emeritus of Eastern Nazarene College in 1983, upon returning to Quincy.
Education.
Mann graduated with a bachelor's degree in mathematics from Eastern Nazarene College in 1929 and a master's degree in mathematics from Boston University in 1932. He also received an honorary doctor of laws degree from Northwest Nazarene College in 1949 and earned a doctor of divinity degree from the University of Vermont in 1966.
Family and hobbies.
Ed married his college sweetheart, Cora Herrschaft, in 1932. Cora was from Brooklyn, New York, graduated from Eastern Nazarene herself in 1932, and died at the age of 81 in 1988. He remarried in 1989 to Katherine (Brown) Angell, widowed daughter-in-law of Ernest E. Angell. Mann had four sons, Edward, Merritt, Robert, and Richard, and three stepchildren, Gary, Gordon, and Katherine Angell. A sports fan, he attended ENC sports events and followed the Boston Red Sox. He also enjoyed vacationing at his cottage, Hearthside, on Lake Champlain in Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="20740151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740151" title="Carlo Cattarello">
Carlo Cattarello

Carlo Cattarello Sr., CM (1913 – June 29, 2008) was a corporal in the Canadian armed forces who served combat duty in the Second World War before playing and coaching minor league hockey. In 2001 he was honoured with membership in the Order of Canada, the highest civilian award in Canada, for his determination to bring sport to youths in remote communities. He was from Timmins, Ontario.
Personal life.
Cattarello was born in Cobalt, Ontario in 1913 and grew up in Canada, Italy, England and the United States. He was married for 72 years to Mary Cattarello (née Barilko), cousin of hockey player Bill Barilko. They had two children, Sandra and Carlo Jr. In 1993, he received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Laurentian University in Sudbury after turning 80.
Military career.
Cattarello enlisted in the army in 1942 and saw combat in the Second World War with the 48th Highlanders as a corporal, serving for three years. He played on a gold-winning hockey team in Europe, with his fellow soldiers from Canadian Forces Base Petawawa including Toronto Maple Leafs goalie Walter "Turk" Broda.
Hockey career.
Cattarello played minor league hockey for the Sudbury Wolves, playing in the Memorial Cup in 1932. In the 1930s, Cattarello started coaching minor hockey including future National Hockey League players as Allan Stanley, Bill Barilko and Pete Babando. Cattarello is the namesake of the Most Valuable Player Trophy for the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League and an arena in Kapuskasing where he served as recreation director during the 1970s until he retired in 1980.
Order of Canada.
Cattarello was given the Order of Canada from Governor General Adrienne Clarkson for the time he spent coaching, fundraising and collecting equipment for youth sports Clarkson said, "His name resonates throughout communities in Northern Ontario and symbolizes volunteerism, fair play and sportsmanship".

</doc>
<doc id="20740176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740176" title="VirusBuster">
VirusBuster

VirusBuster Ltd. was one of the few Hungarian it-security software vendors. The fully Hungarian owned company develops products – under the same brand name: "VirusBuster" – for the Hungarian and international market to protect users' computers from malware programs and various other IT-security threats. In August 2012, VirusBuster Ltd. announced the cancellation of its anti-virus products. [1]
History.
The legal and trade predecessor of the firm began to develop antiviral products at the end of the 1980s. Its software named "Virsec" came out at the same time, when other well known vendors appeared with their similar solutions. In 1992 Virsec was renamed to "VirusBuster". At the later official formation of the firm this name became the name of the company as well.
In 1997 the official foundation of VirusBuster Ltd took place. In the next years the company produced mainly anti-viral products for the Hungarian market, primarily for the governmental sector. 2000 was the year of the international opening. VirusBuster's products began participating of international test from the summer of this year, and the firm itself began to build up international partnerships also in 2000. Between 2000 and 2003 VirusBuster steadily extended its portfolio. The developments manifested in the increasing number of protected platforms and systems, also in new layered security products to target new threats, and in the management system for the firm's security products. With all of these achievements the company could offer effective security solutions for every organizational customers. 2001 was the first year when an international foreigner company – the Australian Leprechaun – licensed VirusBuster's antiviral technology to integrate it into its own security products.
Between 2003 and 2006 VirusBuster strengthened its Eastern European and worldwide market positions. The antiviral engine of the company became an independent product and thus it was integrated into several other firms' security solutions. These were the years, when VirusBuster appeared on the American market.
In the August of 2012., Agnitum, the PC security expert and manufacturer of the Outpost range of security products, had announced the acquisition of antivirus technology and infrastructure from its long-term partner VirusBuster.
In October 2012., the owner of the VirusBuster has made the decision that the products and the services were going to be removed from the market.
Products.
VirusBuster provided customized, multi-level virus protection solutions for all – individual, home and all size organizational – customer groups, furthermore VirusBuster Internet Security Suite provides full IT-protection for home users. The company's security products cover all important operating systems, including both the workstation and server platforms.<br>
According to independent IT-professionals and international test labs the products of company were pretty good solutions, in the aspects of both speed and efficiency. Some security analysts said VirusBuster's user interface is rather too "traditional", but according to others this almost "old fashioned" GUI provides better transparency and easier manageability. According to general opinions the products of the company cover all important business platforms and protect from every IT-security threats.
Technology licences.
Beside the retail solutions for different market segments it was also important for the company, that their antiviral engine became an independent product. Several international companies were licensing VirusBuster's technology, and integrated it into their own products. (Outpost Security Suite, Kaspersky, Microsoft, Proteatools)
International partnerships.
Beside the companies mentioned above, the most important strategic partners of the company in different international collaboration projects were:
Name misuse.
In the beginning of 2008 VirusBuster's security researchers found a computer malware, which was using the name of the company to trick users. The worm was spreading itself as an attachment of infected e-mails under the name "virusbuster.personal.v3.20.regfile.by.arcade.exe". The analysis and the classification of the virus was not a very difficult task, since the worm was a variant of the well known and rather old "Bagle" malware family.<br>
This was not the first example of name misuse; VirusBurst was a fake antispyware program in 2006. Its name was very similar to VirusBusters' name – probably accidentally, but in another case the similarity was perfect:<br>
Also in 2008 the "29A" virus-writing group announced its shut down, and one of the prominent members of the 29A team also used the 'VirusBuster' alias.

</doc>
<doc id="20740192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740192" title="One Piece discography">
One Piece discography

A number of musical CDs have been created for the media franchise built around Eiichirō Oda's manga "One Piece". Various theme songs and character songs were released on a total of 49 singles. Many of them were also released in collected form on the eight compilation albums or the 16 soundtrack CDs, along with background music from the anime TV series, the series' feature films, and video games.
The television anime series currently consists of 35 pieces of theme music; sixteen opening themes and nineteen ending themes. As of episode 279, ending themes were omitted and, starting from episode 326 onwards, opening themes were extended from 110 seconds long to 150 seconds long. In episodes 1-206 of Funimation's English-language release of the series, the opening and ending themes were dubbed into English by various voice actors, before reverting to the Japanese versions from episodes 207 onwards.
The sub-lists on compilation albums and singles list the releases peak position in Oricon's weekly charts as well as the length of the release's chart run in weeks.
__TOC__
Reception.
Carl Kimlinger of Anime News Network states that "One Piece has always stood out for its use of music", which they describe as an "usual mix of trumpeting pirate bombast, rocking action music, and catchy individual themes". Margaret Veira of Active Anime states that the anime TV series's "background music sets the mood and the scenes perfectly."

</doc>
<doc id="20740212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740212" title="Joseph Darling">
Joseph Darling

Joseph Darling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20740214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740214" title="Ruth Berlau">
Ruth Berlau

Ruth Berlau (24 August 1906, Charlottenlund – 15 January 1974 in East Berlin) was a Danish actress, director, photographer and writer, known for her collaboration with Bertolt Brecht and for founding the Bertolt-Brecht-Archiv in Berlin. 
Born to a merchant family, she learned French at a convent school but had to drop out due to a pregnancy at the age of thirteen. She studied acting and established her Danish reputation playing Anna in Brecht's "Drums in the Night". During her teenaged years she financed a bicycle tour of France by writing up a somewhat fictionalized account her travels for a Danish newspaper. In 1930 she toured the Soviet Union by bicycle and on her return joined the communist party. Later she took part behind the front lines in the Spanish civil war.
In 1933 she presented herself to the newly arrived Brecht and his wife Helene Weigel, then staying on the island of Fyn, and within two years had become his lover. In 1936, she divorced the doctor Robert Lund and threw herself into the collaboration with Brecht, acting as a secretary as well as writing, translating, photographing and directing. With Brecht she published the short story collection "Jedes Tier kann es", considered obscene in its time. In 1940, she followed the Brecht clan to Sweden, Finland, the USSR and finally to the United States, where a rupture with Brecht took place in 1944. In New York she gave birth to her only child who was premature and only lived a few days.
After the war, she followed the Brechts to Berlin but was blacklisted from the Berliner Ensemble by Weigel after Brecht's death in 1956. She died in the Charité hospital after setting her bed alight with a cigarette.

</doc>
<doc id="20740226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740226" title="Alvin Radkowsky">
Alvin Radkowsky

Alvin Radkowsky (30 June 1915 - 17 February 2002) was a nuclear physicist and chief scientist at U.S. Navy nuclear propulsion division. His work in the 1950s led to major advances in nuclear-ship technology and civilian use of nuclear power.
Biography.
Radkowsky was a native of Elizabeth, New Jersey. He studied electrical engineering at the City College of New York (B.S., 1935), and physics at George Washington University (M.S., 1941; advisor was Dr. Edward Teller), and at Catholic University (Ph.D. 1947; Thesis: "Temperature dependence of electron energy levels in solids") He married Annette Eisenberg in 1951. (Daughter, Gilah Chukat. Six grandchildren. Brother, Lawrence Radkowsky.) He moved to Israel in 1972, and lived in Ramat Chen. Radkowsky was an Orthodox Jew, and wrote several articles on miracles and science.
Radkowsky worked on nuclear reactors at the Argonne National Laboratory, in the 1930s, and also worked for the Singer sewing machine firm. He was a civilian nuclear physicist in the US Navy from 1938 to 1972, where he was chief scientist of the Bureau of Ships' nuclear propulsion division, and in which role he worked closely with Admiral Hyman G. Rickover. Radkowsky was also chief scientist in the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission (now Dept. of Energy), Office of Naval Reactors from 1950 to 1972. He taught nuclear engineering at Tel Aviv University (1972–1994), and at Ben Gurion University (1994–2002). 
In 1992, Radkowsky started what became Thorium Power Inc.(Nasdaq:LTBR). Thorium fueled reactors allow nations the capability to generate energy while preventing them from using spent fuels to produce nuclear weapons. He repeatedly insisted that continued use of uranium fuel would inevitably lead to nuclear terrorism. Thorium Power participated in the design of the thorium-based fuel to burn plutonium from old nuclear weapons. It is now being tested at the Kurchatov Institute in Moscow. The fuel RTF (Radkowsky Thorium Fuel) is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20740228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740228" title="Pucheng">
Pucheng

Pucheng may refer to the following places in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20740233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740233" title="Durhamville">
Durhamville

Durhamville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20740235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740235" title="Eamon Corbett">
Eamon Corbett

Eamon Corbett (died 21 August 1945) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at a 1935 by-election caused by the death of Martin McDonogh of Fine Gael. He lost his seat at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected for the Galway West constituency at the 1943 general election. He did not contest the 1944 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20740239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740239" title="Youth advocate">
Youth advocate

A youth advocate is an adult who acts in the best interests of the youth that they are working with. The overall purpose of a youth advocate is to ensure that youth maintain their human rights while aiding in skill development in all areas of life such as education, health, housing, employment, relationships, etc. A youth advocate aims to prevent youth from experiencing diminished self-esteem while interacting with adults who hold professional authoritative roles in their life. Examples of these adults are judges, lawyers, teachers, etc. Travis Lloyd, a speaker on the subject, describes a youth advocate as one who plays a significant supportive role in the social and legal processes in the lives of young people, especially homeless and foster youth who lack family support. In consideration of the legal aspects, the National Association of Youth Courts describes a youth advocate as a person who provides support to a youth respondent or defendant during a hearing.

</doc>
<doc id="20740245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740245" title="List of The Daily Show guests (2009)">
List of The Daily Show guests (2009)

This is a list of episodes for "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20740251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740251" title="Pseudochromis cyanotaenia">
Pseudochromis cyanotaenia

Pseudochromis cyanotaenia is a Pseudochromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of 6 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="20740260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740260" title="Pseudochromis elongatus">
Pseudochromis elongatus

Pseudochromis elongatus is a Pseudochromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 6.5 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20740261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740261" title="Smoker's face">
Smoker's face

"Smoker's face" is a term used by doctors to describe the characteristic changes that happen to the faces of many people who smoke.
The general appearance is of accelerated aging of the face, with a characteristic pattern of facial wrinkling and sallow coloration.
A summary of a study published by the National Institutes of Health found that certain facial features appeared in about 8% of smokers who had smoked a full decade while those same features were absent in a control group of non-smokers.

</doc>
<doc id="20740264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740264" title="Edens Landing, Queensland">
Edens Landing, Queensland

Edens Landing is a residential suburb located south-west of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, within the Logan City municipality.
History.
The current suburb of Edens Landing is a recent settlement developed by Leighton Holdings. It was originally called Holmview Heights. There is a street named after the original developers, Leighton Drive. Edens Landing was established in 1984-5 when Henry Edens, a man involved in the timber industry, allowed Leighton Holdings to clear the land, this was the start of many business dealings that lead to Edens acquiring the land and beginning the residential settlement.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Edens Landing is 5,177, 50.8% female and 49.2% male.
The median/average age of the Edens Landing population is 31 years of age, 6 years below the Australian average.
70.5% of people living in Edens Landing were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 8.7%, England 4.5%, Scotland 0.9%, Philippines 0.7%, Afghanistan 0.5%.
86.6% of people speak English as their first language 0.8% Samoan, 0.6% Spanish, 0.4% Polish, 0.3% German, 0.3% Japanese.
Education.
Edens Landing State Primary School was founded in 1997 as a public government owned primary education school. Located at Jamie Nicolson Avenue, the school has an enrolment of 746 students.
The school has a large oval for school sporting events as well as tennis, netball and basketball courts, with a small field located in the upper region of the school. 
Sporting.
Located off Loane Drive is Edens Landing's only sporting establishment. A rugby league club, The Edens Landing Dragons formed in 1993 operated on Leighton fields. The club offers teams from under 7's to Opens, participating in a number of competitions in Brisbane.
Transportation.
Edens Landing is serviced by the Logan City bus company with bus 562 making stops along the main street of Castile Crescent. This bus service connects at the Loganholme bus station and interchange (located adjacent to the Logan Hyperdome shopping centre) with a variety of bus services to the Brisbane CBD. Edens Landing also has a train station that is part of the Beenleigh railway line.
Health.
Edens Landing has its own medical centre and pharmacy located on Castile Crescent in the Edens Landing shop complex.
Shopping.
Edens Landing has a number of shops most of which are located on a small complex near leighton fields on Castile Crescent, these include, the daycare centre, medical centre, spa general shop, pharmacy, fish & chip shop, newsagent, bakery, hairdresser and an Asian take-out store. Other shops located in Edens Landing is a real estate agent located on Leighton Drive.
Childcare.
two exist, rainbow corner early learning centre located in the shopping complex on Castile Crescent and Edens Landing Childrens Centre located across from the primary school.
Religion.
Currently Edens Landing has only one religious service, a Seventh-day Adventist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20740266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740266" title="Canavalia rosea">
Canavalia rosea

Canavalia rosea is a species of flowering plant of the genus "Canavalia" in the pea family, Fabaceae, that has a pantropical distribution. Common names include Beach Bean, Bay Bean, Seaside Jack-bean, Coastal Jack-bean, and MacKenzie Bean.
Description.
Coastal Jack-bean is a trailing, herbaceous vine that forms mats of foliage. Stems reach a length of more than and in thickness. Each compound leaf is made up of three leaflets in diameter, which will fold themselves when exposed to hot sunlight. The flowers are purplish pink and long. The flat pods are long and become prominently ridged as they mature. The buoyancy of the seeds allows them to be distributed by ocean currents.The plant seems to contain L-Betonicine.
Habitat and range.
"C. rosea" inhabits upper beaches, cliffs, and dunes throughout the world's coastal tropics. It is highly salt-tolerant and prefers sandy soils.

</doc>
<doc id="20740270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740270" title="Shiqi Station">
Shiqi Station

Shiqi Station () is an elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 30 December 2006. It is located at the junction of Shilian Road () and Jingzhu Expressway () in Shiqi Town (), Panyu District.

</doc>
<doc id="20740275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740275" title="Pseudochromis flammicauda">
Pseudochromis flammicauda

Pseudochromis flammicauda is a Pseudochromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. This fish grows to a size of 5.5 cm in length.
See also.
List of marine aquarium fish species

</doc>
<doc id="20740283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740283" title="Capri Records">
Capri Records

Capri Records was a short-lived but influential rock and roll record label established in Conroe, Texas by Huey P Meaux and Foy Lee in the early 1960s. It launched the careers of many Texas artists and furthered the careers of artists such as Gene Summers, Gaylon Christie, Scotty McKay and Pat Minter. 
Capri was a subsidiary of Crazy Cajun Enterprises which also owned Tear Drop Records, Shane Records and Crazy Cajun Records. Their biggest hit came in 1964 with the release of "Big Blue Diamonds" by Gene Summers and the Tom Toms (Capri 502). They also released some of Steve Tyrell's earliest recordings. Teardrop also released B.J. Thomas' first hit, "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry". The recording was later bought and released by Scepter records. Steve Tyrell was responsible for making that deal as an executive at Scepter records. 
Sources.
Billboard Magazine<br>
Dallas Observer Newspaper<br>
"Down in Houston: Bayou City Blues"<br>
Osborne's Record Guide<br>
Texas Monthly Magazine<br>
A Guide to the Huey Meaux Papers, 1940-1994<br>
Texas Music Industry Directory (published by The Texas Music Office) Office of the Governor, Austin, Texas

</doc>
<doc id="20740287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740287" title="Pseudochromis coccinicauda">
Pseudochromis coccinicauda

Pseudochromis coccinicauda is a Dottyback from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.
See also.
List of marine aquarium fish species

</doc>
<doc id="20740295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740295" title="Pseudochromis bitaeniatus">
Pseudochromis bitaeniatus

Pseudochromis bitaeniatus is a Pseudochromis from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.
See also.
List of marine aquarium fish species

</doc>
<doc id="20740310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740310" title="Carlo Caracciolo">
Carlo Caracciolo

Don Carlo Caracciolo (Florence, 23 October 1925 – Rome, 15 December 2008) was the 9th Principe di Castagneto, 4th duca di Melito and an Italian publisher. He created Gruppo Editoriale L’Espresso, one of Italy's leading publishing groups. He was known as "the editor prince," referring to his aristocratic birth and elegant manner. 
Biography.
The oldest of three children, Caracciolo was born in Florence to Filippo Caracciolo, 8th Principe di Castagneto, 3rd duca di Melito and American Margaret Clarke. He was an older brother to Marella Agnelli, the wife of Fiat chairman Gianni Agnelli. At 18, he fought in the Italian resistance in World War II. After the war he attended Harvard Law School and worked for a New York law firm that had as a partner Allen Dulles, future head of the CIA. In the United States he began to show a serious interest in publishing.
In 1951, he moved into publishing in Milan, and in 1955 set up the N.E.R. ("Nuove Edizioni Romane") publishing house with the progressive industrialist Adriano Olivetti, manufacturer of Olivetti typewriters. In October 1955 the company founded the news magazine "L'Espresso" with editors Arrigo Benedetti and Eugenio Scalfari.
Caracciolo was a man of the liberal left. He disdained his aristocratic title, but betrayed it in his elegance of dress and manner. He believed that a modern post-war Italian republic should be run on lay rather than religious principles, and his news outlets campaigned for reform of the laws governing divorce and abortion. 
"L'Espresso" was characterized from the beginning by an aggressive investigative journalism strongly focussed on corruption and clientelism by the Christian Democrat party. This made the main shareholder Olivetti unpopular with the ministries and large companies that were the primary customers of his main business. In 1956, with the magazine losing money, Olivetti made Caracciolo a present of the majority shareholding. 
In 1976 he and Eugenio Scalfari, with backing from the publisher Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, set up the daily newspaper "La Repubblica". Founded in Rome as a national newspaper and published in the novel tabloid size. 
In 1984, shortly before it began to outsell the prestigious "Corriere della Sera", Caracciolo took his publishing activities to the Italian stock exchange. Four years later he sold his holdings in "Editoriale L'Espresso" to Mondadori. In 1990, however, he was shocked to learn that Mondadori’s heirs had sold out to Silvio Berlusconi, whose politics he detested. After much in-fighting and litigation, the news publications were hived off into the "Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso" controlled by the CIR Group of entrepreneur Carlo De Benedetti, of which Caracciolo remained honorary president until 2006. 
In 2007, a year after he retired from the Espresso Group to become its honorary chairman, he bought a 33 percent share in he French newspaper Libération. 
He died in Rome, aged 83. According to his biographer and former co-editor of "L'Espresso", Nello Ajello "he set an example for free and independent editorial content that initially seemed marginal and exclusive and instead became a major force in Italian newspaper publishing."
In June 1989 he was awarded the Italian Order of Merit for Labour. 

</doc>
<doc id="20740311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740311" title="Mountain Area Regional Transit Authority">
Mountain Area Regional Transit Authority

"Not to be confused with the primary public transportation agency serving Atlanta, Georgia, Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority"
Mountain Area Regional Transit Authority (MARTA) is the third largest regional transit agency in San Bernardino county. MARTA serves the San Bernardino Mountain communities of Crestline, Lake Arrowhead, Running Springs, and Big Bear Lake, providing local service for more than 163,000 passengers each year.
MARTA also Offers "Off the Mountain Service" that enables the residents of the mountain communities to connect with major stops in San Bernardino, which include Metrolink, Omnitrans, Greyhound, St. Bernadines, and other stops along the way. This service runs Monday through Saturday which allows mountain residents to commute to their jobs in the San Bernardino valley with two trips from Big Bear and four trips from Crestline/Lake Arrowhead.
Fares.
MARTA offers both standard daily fares and discounted multi-trip and multi-day passes. Special fares are also offered to seniors, persons with disabilities, and students. The fares also vary depending if the trip is local or off the mountain. if the fares are for Off the Mountain service, the extra fees apply.
Governance.
Mountain Area Regional Transit Authority is administered by a Board of Directors, made up five Members: 2 members of Big Bear Lake, one member at large, and two Supervisors of the County of San Bernardino. It is required under the JPA that the Board of Directors meet at least one time each quarter of each fiscal year. Board meetings are held the third Monday of every month (except January* and February*) at 1:00 p.m. with location alternating between Big Bear Lake and Crestline. All meetings are held in compliance with the Ralph M. Brown Act. Board meetings are presided by the Board-appointed Chair. The Board of Directors is responsible for: adopting the budget, appointing the CEO/General Manager, appointing a technical committee, establishing policy, and adopting rules and regulations for the conduct of business.
Website.
marta is also actively utilizing the web to improve its services to customers and the general public. Information about routes and schedules and new programs and press releases as well as road and weather conditions are available online.

</doc>
<doc id="20740314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740314" title="No Room for Squares">
No Room for Squares

No Room for Squares is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 7 & October 2, 1963 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley, Lee Morgan, Andrew Hill, John Ore and Philly Joe Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "All eight cuts here move with similar fluidity and offer a very gritty and realist approach to the roots of hard bop. Highly recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="20740340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740340" title="Schläfli orthoscheme">
Schläfli orthoscheme

In geometry, Schläfli orthoscheme is a type of simplex. They are defined by a sequence of edges formula_1 that are mutually orthogonal. These were introduced by Ludwig Schläfli, who called them "orthoschemes" and studied their volume in the Euclidean, Lobachevsky and the spherical geometry. H.S.M. Coxeter later named them after Schläfli. J.-P. Sydler and Børge Jessen studied them extensively in connection with Hilbert's third problem.
Orthoschemes, also called path-simplices in the applied mathematics literature, are a special case of a more general class of simplices studied by , and later rediscovered by . These simplices are the convex hulls of trees in which all edges are mutually perpendicular. In the orthoscheme, the underlying tree is a path. In three dimensions, an orthoscheme is also called a birectangular tetrahedron.

</doc>
<doc id="20740352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740352" title="Hare Krishna Mehtab">
Hare Krishna Mehtab

Dr Hare Krishna Mehtab was the Governor of Bombay now Maharashtra from 2 March 1955 to 14 October 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20740353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740353" title="Bahrs Scrub, Queensland">
Bahrs Scrub, Queensland

Bahrs Scrub is a suburb of Logan City, Queensland, Australia.
As the name suggests, the area was originally scrub land. It consists predominantly of acreage blocks although recent developments have seen suburbia encroach on the otherwise serene suburb.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Bahrs Scrub is 1,512, 51.8% female and 48.2% male.
The median/average age of the Bahrs Scrub population is 32 years of age, 5 years below the Australian average.
73.9% of people living in Bahrs Scrub were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 6.3%, England 5.1%, South Africa 1.1%, Netherlands 1%, Zimbabwe 0.7%.
88.9% of people speak English as their first language 0.7% Russian, 0.6% Afrikaans, 0.5% Dutch, 0.5% Hungarian, 0.5% Mandarin.

</doc>
<doc id="20740367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740367" title="Manonichthys alleni">
Manonichthys alleni

Manonichthys alleni is a Dottyback. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length. This dottyback has only been known from Indonesia and Malaysia, but was recently recorded in the Davao Gulf in the southern Philippines.
See also.
List of marine aquarium fish species

</doc>
<doc id="20740382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740382" title="Manonichthys polynemus">
Manonichthys polynemus

Manonichthys polynemus is a Pseudochromis. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12 cm in length.
See also.
List of marine aquarium fish species

</doc>
<doc id="20740403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740403" title="Pholidochromis cerasina">
Pholidochromis cerasina

Pholidochromis cerasina is a Pseudochromis from the Western Pacific. This fish occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7.9 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20740404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740404" title="Kona Prabhakar Rao">
Kona Prabhakar Rao

Kona Prabhakar Rao was the Governor of Maharashtra from 31 May 1985 to 2nd Apr 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20740414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740414" title="Cypho purpurascens">
Cypho purpurascens

Cypho purpurascens is a "Pseudochromis" from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7.5 cm in length.
See also.
List of marine aquarium fish species

</doc>
<doc id="20740415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740415" title="2008–09 Steel City Phantoms season">
2008–09 Steel City Phantoms season

The 2008–09 Steel City Phantoms season began when the American Inline Hockey League-based Steel City Phantoms (now the Pittsburgh Bandits) started the season against the Garden State Savage Wolves. The Phantoms lost the both games with the scores 5-2 and 8-2, even though they outshot the Wolves in both games.
The Phantoms traveled to South Hampton to play against the South Hampton Cyclones. The Phantoms won the first game 10-3, but lost the second game 6-3.

</doc>
<doc id="20740421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740421" title="Methyl cyanoacrylate">
Methyl cyanoacrylate

Methyl cyanoacrylate (MCA) is an organic compound that contains several functional groups, a methyl ester, a nitrile, and an alkene. It is a colorless liquid with low viscosity. Its chief use is as the main component of cyanoacrylate glues. It can be encountered under many trade names. Methyl cyanoacrylate is less commonly encountered than ethyl cyanoacrylate.
It is soluble in acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, nitromethane, and dichloromethane. MCA polymerizes rapidly in presence of moisture.
Safety.
Heating the polymer causes depolymerization of the cured MCA, producing gaseous products strongly irritant to lungs and eyes.
In regards to occupational exposure to MCA, the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health recommends workers do not exceed exposures over 2 ppm (8 mg/m3) over an eight-hour workshift, or over 4ppm (16 mg/m3) over a short-term exposure.

</doc>
<doc id="20740463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740463" title="Haibang Station">
Haibang Station

Haibang Station () is an elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 30 December 2006. It is located at the junction of Changnan Road () and Jingzhu Expressway () in Shiqi Town (), Panyu District.
The Asian Games Village for Guangzhou Asian Games in 2010 will be situated outside Haibang Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20740475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740475" title="Loka pri Mengšu">
Loka pri Mengšu

Loka pri Mengšu (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Mengeš in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church, standing isolated in a field outside the village, is dedicated to Saints Primus and Felician.
The recently renovated Jablje Castle is southwest of the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20740502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740502" title="Jack Parker">
Jack Parker

Jack Parker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20740509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740509" title="Satomi Fukunaga">
Satomi Fukunaga

Satomi Fukunaga (福永恵規, Fukunaga Satomi, born January 26, 1967 in Tokyo, Japan), is a former japanese idol, singer and actress. She made her debut in 1985 as a member of Jpop female band Onyanko Club, which she left one year later to start a solo career. In 1986, she was featured in the TV series "Sukeban Deka III" as "Leia", a reference to the Leia character in "Star Wars", after having played herself as an Onyanko Club member in the previous series "Sukeban Deka II". She retired shortly after the making of the movie, citing health reasons. In her short career she made two albums and four singles. One of her singles was the theme song for "Sukeban Deka III" and another was the theme for the cult anime show "Project A-ko 2".

</doc>
<doc id="20740516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740516" title="Topole, Mengeš">
Topole, Mengeš

Topole () is a settlement in the Municipality of Mengeš in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20740553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740553" title="Albert Kellogg">
Albert Kellogg

Dr. Albert Kellogg (December 6, 1813, in Connecticut – 1887, Alameda, California), was an American physician, northern California botanist, and one of seven founders in 1853 of the California Academy of Sciences. 
California Academy of Sciences.
One of his forward-thinking ideas was the inclusion of women in scientific and natural history work, and two women who were later hired as curators at the California Academy of Sciences were Katherine Brandegee and Alice Eastwood. 
West American Oaks.
Dr. Albert Kellogg's specialty was the study of trees, and he published a book called "West American Oaks" with four hundred botanical drawings.

</doc>
<doc id="20740561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740561" title="2009 Air New Zealand Cup">
2009 Air New Zealand Cup

The 2009 Air New Zealand Cup was the 33rd provincial rugby union competition, the fourth since the competition reconstruction in 2006, involving the top 14 provincial unions in New Zealand. It ran for 15 weeks from 30 July to 7 November. It was also the last edition of the provincial competition to use the Air New Zealand Cup name, as the competition's sponsorship contract with Air New Zealand ended after that season. The 2010 competition will be held under a new name, the ITM Cup.
Unlike previous seasons the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup did not have quarterfinals in their finals format, instead going straight to the semifinals with the top four teams rather than the top eight.
Canterbury were the eventual champions, winning their second title in a row and their seventh overall, it was the first time Canterbury had gone back-to-back in the provincial championship. They beat Wellington, 28 – 20, at AMI Stadium in Christchurch on 7 November. Wellington were down 18 – 3 at halftime but came back to close the scores to 25 – 20 in Canterbury's favour, but a late penalty goal by Stephen Brett put Wellington out of reach and gave Canterbury the win and the championship.
Doubts were raised throughout the season with serious support coming from the four teams likely to be axed, Counties Manukau, Northland, Manawatu, and Tasman, and their supporters, while the financial sustainability of the two unions who were to be promoted to the new first division was questioned. On 11 December the New Zealand Rugby Union decided to stick with the 14 team Air New Zealand Cup and the 12 team Heartland Championship format through 2010.
Round robin.
The round-robin was the first phase of the competition, which consisted of 91 games over 13 weeks from 30 July to 25 October. The Rugby Union Bonus Points System was used to determine which four teams were to go on to the finals. There were 7 games in each round.
After the round robin Hawke's Bay, Southland, Wellington and Canterbury came out on top to advance to the finals.
Standings.
The top four teams from the round robin advanced to the semifinals.
(1) the winner of the round robin match between the two provinces; then 
(2) highest point difference; then 
(3) most tries scored; then 
(4) a coin toss.
(1) the province with the most wins against other tied provinces in the Round Robin; then 
(2) if two teams remain tied they shall be ranked according to the criteria listed above, but if "more" than two teams remain tied, they shall be ranked according to criteria (2) to (4) only.
Statistics.
Team.
The lists of how many tries and points each team has scored in the 2009 Air NZ Cup Round Robin.
Hawke's Bay scored the most points this season with 372 points while Southland had the best defensive record with 189 points scored against them. Hawke's Bay also scored, along with Canterbury and Wellington, the most tries this season with 40. Southland gave up the least amount of tries as well of points with only 15 tries scored against them.
Points.
The table shows how many points were scored by each team (white) and how many points each team was scored against them (grey) in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup. Hawke's Bay scored the most points this season with 372 points with an average of 28.6 points per game while Southland had the best defensive record with 189 points scored against them at an average of 14.5 points per game.
Tries.
List of tries each team has scored. Canterbury, Hawke's Bay and Wellington all scored the most tries during the round robin with 40 each. North Harbour, Northland and Taranaki all scored the least amount of tries with only 20 tries each.
Southland gave up the least amount of tries with 15 while Counties Manukau gave up the most with 48.
Disciplinary Cards.
List of teams whose players received yellow and/or red cards. Bay of Plenty were issued the most yellow cards with 5 while North Harbour were issued the only red card of the season.
Player.
The list of the top players who scored the most points and tries in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup. A total of 3953 points including 406 tries were scored with a total of 218 players scoring points.
Top Ten Points Scorers.
2009 Air New Zealand Cup Round Robin top ten point scorers. Matt Berquist scored the most with 156 points and an average of 14.2 points per game.
Top Try Scorers.
2009 Air New Zealand Cup top try scorers. Zac Guildford scored the most tries during the season with 13.
Finals.
The 2009 Air New Zealand Cup Finals contained two semifinals that were played on 30 and 31 October while the grand final was played on 7 November. Canterbury were crowned champions after beating Wellington 28 – 20 in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup Final.
Semifinals.
After the top four teams were determined from the round robin the semifinals were played on 30 and 31 October.
Canterbury beat Hawke's Bay, 20 – 3, in the first semifinal on 30 October. Canterbury had their best defensive performance of the season (points wise) against Hawke's Bay which was subsequently their worst offensive performance of the season. Canterbury gained their second final berth in a row and their first home final since 2001 while Hawke's Bay were knocked out of the competition from the semifinals in the third year in a row.
Wellington beat Southland, 34 – 21, in the second semi. Wellington were leading 19 – 7 at halftime but Southland made comeback early in the second scoring to converted tries in the first ten minutes. Wellington recovered though with two second half tries to replacement Dane Coles and a fifth penalty by Piri Weepu gave Wellington the win and a fourth straight place in the Air New Zealand Cup Final. Southland were knocked out for the second time in a row by Wellington in the semifinals.
Final.
The 2009 Air New Zealand Cup Final was played on 7 November at AMI Stadium in Christchurch between Canterbury and Wellington. It was Wellington's eighth final in eleven years while Canterbury were playing their first home final since 2001. Canterbury scored 2 tries in the first half, both coming to Colin Slade, in the 2nd and 35th minute and went into halftime with a 18 – 3 lead. Wellington came back in the second, reducing the deficit to 5 in the final 5 minutes but a late penalty goal by Stephen Brett in the 78th minute gained Canterbury back-to-back titles for the first time in the 33 year history of the competition, winning 28 – 20. Wellington, however, have now lost the final for the fourth time in a row, losing all previous Air New Zealand Cup finals.
Ranfurly Shield.
The Ranfurly Shield went through 10 challenges this season and changed hands twice, from Wellington to Canterbury in round 5, then from Canterbury to Southland in the last round of the round robin.
Wellington held off Wairarapa Bush 90 – 19 in a convincing first up match and 61 – 6 game against Wanganui. Wellington beat Otago 23 – 19 on 31 July in a match at Westpac Stadium, and then Auckland 16–15 on 22 August. Wellington lost the shield the next week though losing to Canterbury 36 – 14.
Canterbury won their first challenge against Otago on 12 September, when they won 36 points to 16. They won their next challenge against Taranaki on 18 September, 29 – 17. Their next challenge was against Northland on 26 September, which they won 31 points to 21. They successfully defended the shield for the fourth time against Manawatu winning 50 – 26. In their fifth and final challenge of the season, Canterbury lost the Ranfurly Shield to Southland on 22 October 9 points to 3. Southland will not have their first challenge until next season.
Season highlights.
Provincial rugby reconstruction.
The 2009 season may well be the last Air New Zealand Cup, by name and format, as the New Zealand Rugby Union has restructured the domestic competition with three divisions involved: a premier division competition with 10 teams, a Heartland Championship competition, also with 10 teams, and a new first division with the remaining 6 teams. This means that four teams in this year's competition will be relegated into the new first division whilst two Heartland teams will be promoted to join them. This has since become questioned with "serious doubts being raised about the ability of two Heartland provinces to join the proposed "second-tier" competition for 2010." Nothing has been confirmed but this, allied to concerns about that competition being "meaningful", will almost certainly see a stay of execution for the 14-team Air New Zealand Cup through to 2011.
Tasman's inclusion.
The Tasman Rugby Union was in doubt for inclusion 2009 Air New Zealand Cup, stating financial problems as the cause of their potential downfall. But in December 2008, the New Zealand Rugby Union confirmed that they were able to compete in the 2009 competition after new funding arrangements were put in place for Tasman in 2009.
Bay of Plenty coaching changes.
The Bay of Plenty Rugby Union terminated head coach Greg Smith's contract by mutual agreement in August, two weeks into the competition. Technical adviser Sean Horan took his place for the remainder of the season as Steve Miln remained assistant coach. Smith was appointed as Kevin Schuler's successor in March this year, but stood down before the Air NZ Cup competition began on 30 July amid claims of a player revolt and a breakdown with management. A statement released by the Bay of Plenty rugby Union said the termination of Smith's contract was due to "breakdown in certain aspects of the relationship".
Hawke's Bay 125th Anniversary.
In 2009 the Hawke's Bay Rugby Union celebrated their 125th Anniversary. First founded in 1884 the Hawke's Bay Rugby Union became only the sixth team to celebrate 125 years in New Zealand Rugby.
Rugby in Hawke's Bay began in 1875 when the Napier Football Club changed and adopted rugby rules. By 1878 Napier, calling itself Hawke's Bay arranged matches with Gisborne on a regular basis. The Hawke's Bay union was formed at a meeting of delegates of four clubs inside the region: Napier, Union, Hastings, and Petane. Hawke's Bay were one of the founding member of the New Zealand Rugby Football Union in 1982, also their administrators, Ernest Hoben, became the first secretary and Logan, became a member of the inaugural three-man appeal committee who also served as the first New Zealand selectors.
Hawke's Bay have contributed 48 players to the New Zealand national team throughout their history including George Nepia, Maurice and Cyril Brownlie, Kel Tremain and Norm Hewitt.
Hawke's Bay was also part of a period during New Zealand Rugby history which came to be known as 'shield fever'. The revival of the Ranfurly Shield's interest was helped by Hawke's Bay's tenure between 1922–27 under head coach Norman McKenzie. They also had another lengthy period from 1967–69 under Colin Le Quesne.
Hawke's Bay have won the National Provincial Championship 2nd division 7 times: in 1979, 1988, 1990, 2001, 2002, 2003, and 2004; and since being promoted up to the Air New Zealand Cup in 2006, have been semifinalists in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
Canterbury win the Ranfurly Shield.
"For more information click here."
Canterbury won the Ranfurly Shield off Wellington on 29 August. They won 36 – 14 in a one-sided affair in which Wellington only scored in the last ten minutes. It was the first time they won the shield since 2007 and the 13th time they've won the shield overall.
Canterbury were leading 26 – 0 at halftime thanks to tries by George Whitelock and Tim Bateman as well as 2 conversions and 4 penalty goals from Daniel Carter. Canterbury increased their lead to 36 with 15 minutes left while two late tries by Wellington was only a consolation as the challengers cut the holders shield tenure to 6.
Southland win the Ranfurly Shield.
"For more information click here.
Southland won the Ranfurly Shield off Canterbury when they beat them 9 points to 3 on 22 October. It was the first time they've won the 'shield' since 1959, 50 years from tenures.
Defense was evident during the game with the only scoring coming from a dropkick by Stephen Brett for Canterbury and 3 penalty goals by Robbie Robinson for Southland. At 3 – 3 after the halftime break Robinson kicked his second penalty goal 7 minutes in and secured the game with another in the 71st minute of play.
Kerikeri.
Kerikeri hosted its first ever provincial rugby match on 16 August at the Kerikeri Domain when the home team, Northland, lost 32 to 13 to Auckland in front of 6,000 people. It was also the first time Northland have played a home game inside the province "outside" of Whangarei.
New Zealand Rugby Union CEO Steve Tew said the shift was agreed to given the redevelopment work taking place at Whangarei's Okara Park ahead of the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Truck and trailer units were used as corporate boxes, a marquee was set up to feed 200 people and a temporary stand was put up that could seat 3000 people. More than 6000 tickets were pre sold and a crowd of 7000 was expected.
Taranaki coach quits.
Taranaki coach Adrian Kennedy on 11 November saying the province is too parochial and closed to new ideas. He was the first outsider to coach the team and finished 8th in both his seasons in charge, his winning percentage was below 50%. His tenure was also plaqued by bad off field behaviour from players. Five players were stood down this season after an all-night public drinking binge.
Milestones.
The list of milestones of players and teams who celebrated a significant moment during the 2009 season.
Firsts.
The moments in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup where it happened for the first time.
Hawke's Bay beat Auckland.
On 1 August the Hawke's Bay Magpies beat Auckland 47 – 13, this was their first Air New Zealand/NPC win over them and their first win over the Aucklanders since 1974.
Hawke's Bay scored their first of five tries after 25 minutes of play which went wing Zac Guildford who ran down the left-hand touchline after a midfield turnover. After a try just before halftime by flanker Karl Lowe, Hawke's Bay scored three more tries in the second while Auckland couldn't add onto their 13 points scored in the first. 22 points from the boot of first five-eighth Matt Berquist along with five tries gave Hawke's Bay their first win over Auckland in 35 years.
Tasman beat North Harbour.
Tasman beat North Harbour 19 – 15 on 7 August, it was the first time in Tasman's short history that they have beaten North Harbour. North Harbour were Tasman's first ever Air New Zealand Cup opponent back in 2006 which North Harbour won 33 – 27 in Blenheim.
North Harbour's points all came from the boot of first five Mike Harris with 5 penalty goals while Tasman were able to score two tries and two penalties to win their first game of the season.
Tasman beat Auckland.
Auckland went down to Tasman, 12 – 8, for the first time in their two previous meetings. The first time they met Auckland won 46 – 6.
Tasman gained the halftime lead with a try and conversion from Andrew Goodman while Auckland could only score a penalty goal by Ash Moeke. Soon after the break Tasman scored their second try when Blair Cook took advantage of a blindside which Auckland failed to cover. Tasman were out 12 – 3 with five minutes before winger Atieli Pakalani made a break through the Tasman defense then passed to hooker Pat Leafa to score the try. The conversion was missed and Tasman held on to win 12 points to 8 with their best defensive performance of the season.
Tasman vs. Counties Manukau.
When Tasman and Counties Manukau played each other on 16 August, it was the first time these two teams have faced off in Tasman's 4 year history.
Tasman scored 51 points to Counties Manukau 15 including 6 tries. Both Blair Cook and James Kamana of Tasman scored 2 tries each while Andrew Goodman converted 5 of those as well as kicking 3 penalty goals. Sione Halani and Kade Poki scored the other tries while Matty James kicked a conversion. Counties Manukau only managed 2 tries to Mark Selwyn and Sherwin Stowers as well as one conversion and penalty goal.
Taranaki beat Wellington.
When Taranaki beat Wellington 29 points to 16, it was the first time they've beaten them in a NPC or Air New Zealand Cup match since 1989.
Taranaki outscored Wellington two tries to one as they ended their 20 year losing streak to their Hurricanes partners. Willie Ripia scored 19 points of the boot by converting both tries and kicking 5 penalty goals. Daniel Kirkpatrick kicked the remaining 11 points for Wellington but it wasn't enough to win.
Player.
List of significant moments by players in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup.
David Holwell's 100th Game.
David Holwell, of Northland, celebrated his 100th game for the province on 11 October. However the team could not pull off the upset against his old province Wellington.
Holwell became Northland's 22nd centurion since their formation in 1920. He debuted for Northland in 1995 as 20-year-old against North Harbour. Before his hundredth game Holwell had played 254 first class games where he scored 2181 points including 36 tries, 450 conversion, 365 penalty goals and 2 drop goals.
Hosea Gear vs. Counties Manukau.
When Wellington beat Counties Manukau on 4 September, winger Hosea Gear equaled the record for most tries by a player in an Air New Zealand Cup game with 4, 3 of them in the first 30 minutes. He now holds the record with Peter Playford from Tasman who scored 4 tries against Northland in 2006. The overall New Zealand provincial rugby record is 5 on six occasions.
Fa'atonu Fili, Dropped Goal Record.
When Wellington beat Auckland 16–15, fly-half Fa'atonu Fili kicked his third dropped goal of the season, an Air New Zealand Cup record. He also made his team the holder of most drop goals in a season by a team in the Air New Zealand Cup overtaking Southland in 2007 and Counties Manukau and Hawke's Bay, both in 2008. The overall New Zealand provincial rugby record is 4 by Ron Preston from Bay of Plenty against Waikato in 1985.
Andre Taylor vs. North Harbour.
Manawatu's Andre Taylor equaled the record for most points scored in an Air New Zealand Cup match with 27. He scored 2 tries and was given kicking duties where he scored 4 conversions, 2 penalty goals and 1 drop goal. He now shares the record with Jimmy Gopperth from North Harbour who scored 27 points against Counties Manukau in 2008. The overall New Zealand provincial rugby record is held by Ben Blair from Canterbury when he scored 37 points against Counties Manukau in 1999.
Player suspensions.
In total there were 8 player suspensions throughout the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup with only 3 of them being cleared of any suspension. The largest ban went to Kurt Baker, who was suspended for 8 weeks for abusing and threatening a referee.
Pre-season fixtures.
2009 pre-season games including two Ranfurly Shield matches for Wellington against Wairarapa Bush and Wanganui.
Stadiums.
1Construction being applied
2Estimate
Referees.
The list of referees who have officiated in the 2009 Air New Zealand Cup. Garratt Williamson has refereed the most games this season with 12. Nathan Pearce officiated the Hawke's Bay, Taranaki game on 15 August, he was the first referee from outside the country to referee an Air New Zealand Cup match, he was followed by fellow Australian Andrew Lees on 11 September and Englishman Wayne Barnes on 24 September.

</doc>
<doc id="20740589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740589" title="The Turnaround!">
The Turnaround!

The Turnaround! is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 7, 1963 and on February 5, 1965, and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Donald Byrd, Herbie Hancock, Butch Warren and Philly Joe Jones from the earlier session and Freddie Hubbard, Barry Harris, Paul Chambers and Billy Higgins from the latter.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "In all this is a solid date, despite its time lapse, and one that gives us a solid picture of the two Mobleys.".
Personnel.
Tracks 2-3
Tracks 1, 4-6

</doc>
<doc id="20740634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740634" title="Bike paths in Melbourne">
Bike paths in Melbourne

Bike paths in and around the city of Melbourne have developed since the campaigns of Bicycle Victoria in the mid-1970s. Since then, with increased recognition from all levels of government of the benefit of cycling activities, Melbourne today has a comprehensive set of shared bicycle trails along its river and creek systems, next to its freeways and along its train lines.
The length of the trails in Melbourne, as of 2007, totals at least 670 km. It is possible to cycle from Werribee in the west to Research in the east (approx 62 km) and Craigieburn in the north and Seaford in the south (about 78 km) and points in between and only have to travel on the occasional piece of road. Often passing through relaxed park surrounds, cycling on many of Melbourne's bike paths can feel like a day out in the country despite remaining within metropolitan Melbourne. Melbourne's bike paths are often easily accessed from its train system.
Usage.
In 2006 VicRoads installed bicycle counters on the trails, at seventeen locations throughout inner Melbourne. These counters are providing hard data on the usage of Melbourne's trails. For example: the Anniversary Outer Circle Trail at Cotham Rd Kew, has about 20 cyclists per hour throughout the day, whereas the Yarra River Trail, north side of Morell Bridge, has a distinct peak hour rate of about 250/hr and 50/hr in non-peak periods. This supports the casual observation that the former is used mainly for recreation and the latter for recreation and commuting.
Bike paths along freeways.
A number of freeways have been constructed with dedicated separate bicycle paths built alongside, including Eastlink, the Deer Park Bypass, and the Metropolitan Ring Road. However, the CityLink tollway system was built without including provision for cyclists along several sections including the Bolte Bridge. Cyclists are also excluded from riding the West Gate Freeway over the West Gate Bridge, although exceptions are made for some special bicycle events like Around the Bay in a Day organised by Bicycle Victoria. The Westgate Punt ferry service provides an alternative to the bridge.
Future expansion.
In December 2008 the Victorian State Government (then Labour) released their Victorian Transport Plan which budgeted $100 million for cycling over 12 years. In 2009, the Victorian Cycling Strategy was also released. However the Victorian Auditor-General reviewed this Strategy in 2012 and found there had been almost no progress on the items in the Plan, which included more cycle lanes and junction treatments, and that it had been sidelined by the new Liberal government. In 2012 there was an outcry from cyclists followed the almost total deletion of cycling projects from the State budget, with protests organised by Bicycle Network Victoria. 
Parks Victoria strategy includes expanding the trails 
Development of the network is hampered by the number of agencies that may be involved when a new path is proposed. Such agencies could include VicRoads, VicTrack, Parks Victoria, Melbourne Water and the local Councils. The network is clearly fragmented along Council boundaries. Some examples would include: 

</doc>
<doc id="20740659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740659" title="Butyl cyanoacrylate">
Butyl cyanoacrylate

"n"-Butyl cyanoacrylate (n-BCA, NBCA), a cyanoacrylate ester, is a butyl ester of 2-cyano-2-propenoic acid. It is a clear colorless liquid with a sharp, irritating odor. It is insoluble in water. Its chief use is as the main component of medical cyanoacrylate glues. It can be encountered under various trade names, e.g. MediBond, MediCryl, PeriAcryl, GluStitch, Xoin, Gesika, VetGlu, Vetbond, LiquiVet, Indermil, LiquiBand, Histoacryl, and others.
"n"-butyl-2-cyanoacrylate or butyl cyanoacrylate is also known as Enbucrilate.
In medical and veterinary applications, "n"-butyl cyanoacrylate, isobutyl cyanoacrylate, and octyl cyanoacrylate are commonly used. They are bacteriostatic and their use is usually painless. Butyl esters provide stronger bond, but are rigid. Octyl esters, while providing weaker bond, are more flexible. n-Butyl cyanoacrylate is also used for embolization of cerebral arteriovenous malformations before their surgical treatment.
It is soluble in acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, nitromethane, and methylene chloride.
Butyl cyanoacrylate (in monomer form) polymerizes rapidly in presence of ionic substances like moisture, blood or tissue fluids.
Butyl cyanoacrylate has unique properties compared to other cyanoacrylates like octyl cyanoacrylate or iso amyl cyanoacrylate. Polymerized form has excellent tensile strength and is very effective in closing surgical or wound incisions.
The closure of the wound or cut is quick (about 30 to 45 seconds) and the product has inherently some valuable bacteriostatic properties. The cosmetic outcome of the closure is comparable or generally better than an equivalent suture substitute with least amount of scarring visible after three to six months.
Also important is the in the body degradation properties of polymerized butyl cyanoacrylate. This property of butyl cyanoacrylate has made it a very useful polymer to create various nano particles for delivery of drugs into the body with sustained release profiles.
Heating to higher temperatures causes pyrolysis and depolymerization of the cured glue, producing gaseous products strongly irritant to lungs and eyes.
Medical applications.
The medical applications of butyl cyanoacrylate include its use as an adhesive for lacerations of the skin, and in the treatment of bleeding from vascular structures. Butyl cyanoacrylate has been used to treat arteriovenous malformations by application of the glue into the abnormality through angiography.
In gastroenterology, butyl cyanoacrylate is used to treat bleeding gastric varices, which are dilated veins that occur in the setting of liver cirrhosis or thrombosis of the splenic vein. The gastric varices are accessed by endoscopy, which uses a flexible fibre-optic camera to enter the stomach. They are injected with a catheter needle inserted into the varix through the endoscope. Other sites of varices, including esophageal varices, duodenal varices and colonic varices. Gastric varices have also been obliterated with recurrent injection treatment with butyl cyanoacrylate.

</doc>
<doc id="20740714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740714" title="Madeline Perry">
Madeline Perry

Madeline Perry (born 11 February 1977, in Banbridge, Northern Ireland) is a professional squash player from Northern Ireland. She was raised in Northern Ireland and currently lives in Halifax.
In November 2006 at the World Open in Belfast, she justified her seeding of eighth by reaching the quarter finals. She then won the Irish Open 2007 title in Dublin. Her career highlights is at the defeat to Nicol David in the quarter finals of the Forexx Dutch Open where she took the world number one to 9–7 in the fourth set. However, a serious head injury sustained when Madeline was mugged in Milan, Italy, put a halt to the rest of the season.
The inactivity caused a dip in her ranking that took her out of the top ten after nearly two years. In her first event back in 2008, in the Buler Challenge in Hong Kong, she reached the final. She then make it to the semis of Seoul Open followed by the semi final berth at the CIMB Singapore Masters from an unseeded position. Madeline reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 3 in April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20740716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740716" title="Gushi">
Gushi

Gushi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20740720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740720" title="Tamborita calentana">
Tamborita calentana

The tamborita or tamborita calentana is a percussion instrument from Mexico. It is used in conjuntos de música calentana, in the states of Guerrero, Michoacán y Estado de México. 
It is a double-headed skin drum, traditionally built with Parota root wood. Rims are made of aisinchete schrub and are tightened as in military drums. It is performed with a pair of wood sticks, one of these with a skin covered head to soften the sound.
Tamborita accompanies guitars and violins in sones and gustos of tierracalenteña music. 

</doc>
<doc id="20740724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740724" title="Ryōjin Hishō">
Ryōjin Hishō

These songs were very popular in the 12th century Japan, but quickly fell into disuse in the Kamakura period.

</doc>
<doc id="20740735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740735" title="SS Indiana">
SS Indiana

Three ships have borne the name SS "Indiana". They are:

</doc>
<doc id="20740744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740744" title="Kasey Brown">
Kasey Brown

Kasey Brown (born 1 August 1985) is a professional squash player from Australia.
Brown was born in Taree, New South Wales. She was the Australian junior champion in 2003 and 2004 and was then the senior champion in 2006 and in the same year, had also won the Australian Open title.
Brown is coached by Rodney Martin and is currently based in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Career.
During 2006 she won five WISPA events in Australia as well as the Central Open in New Zealand. Brown reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 5 in December 2011.2010 saw Kasey Brown really establish herself as a threat and contender on the WISPA Tour. 
The athletic and attacking 25 year old from New South Wales made her debut in the top ten at the start of 2010. She started the year with two quarter finals at the Greenwich Open and Cleveland Classic, going down to Egyptians Omneya Abdel Kawy and Raneem El Weleily. February saw Brown take her tenth tour title at the Dayton Open. Running out a straight games victory over England's Sarah Kippax in the final. 
She reached her first Gold level semi final in March at the Chennai Open, going down to Nicol David in the semi final. She again lost out in David in the quarter final of the KL Open the following week, pushing the world number one to two tie breaks in the first two games.
The next few months saw Brown stack up some solid results, quarter final appearances in Cayman, Malaysia, Australia and Hong Kong. 
Another quarter final, this time at the World Open, taking out Madeline Perry in the round of sixteen in a 100 minute marathon. Omneya Abdel Kawy got the better of her again in the quarters. 
October saw Brown really hit the headlines. She represented Australia at the Commonwealth Games in Delhi. She came away from the event the only player to secure three medals. A truly dramatic win over Madeline Perry in the quarter final of the singles was memorable, especially coming from two games down. She lost out to Nicol David in the semi final and the received a walk over Alison Waters in the bronze medal play off. She took another bronze medal with team mate Donna Urquhart in the Women's Doubles. The icing on the cake was the Gold medal she achieved in the Mixed Doubles with partner Cameron Pilley. 
She carried this form over to Mexico where she reached another Gold semi final. She outgunned Jenny Duncalf in the quarter final, her first win over the world number two. She couldn't cause another upset in the semi final, going out 11-9 in the fifth to Rachael Grinham.
A semi final in the Carol Weymuller Open and a quarter final in the Qatar Classic followed.
Another standout moment for Brown came in December at the Women's World Team Championships. She helped Australia lift the title with a stunning victory over England's Laura Massaro in the final. 
She topped off her year with a final appearance at the Punj Lloyd Masters. She was defeated by Jenny Duncalf in the final. 
Brown was rewarded for her rise in form by being given Wispa's 'Most Improved Player of the Year' award.
She didn't let up in 2011 and collected her eleventh and biggest tour title at the Greenwich Open with victory over Joelle King in the final. This gave Brown a career high ranking of six the following month.

</doc>
<doc id="20740751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740751" title="Peter Spuhler">
Peter Spuhler

Peter Spuhler (born 9 January 1959 in Sevilla) is a Swiss politician of the Swiss People's Party, a member of the Swiss National Council for the canton of Thurgau.

</doc>
<doc id="20740756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740756" title="Octyl cyanoacrylate">
Octyl cyanoacrylate

Octyl cyanoacrylate (OCA), a cyanoacrylate ester, is an octyl ester of 2-cyano-2-propenoic acid. It is a clear colorless liquid with a sharp, irritating odor. Its chief use is as the main component of medical cyanoacrylate glues. It can be encountered under various trade names including GluStitch, derma+flex QS, SurgiSeal, FloraSeal, Octylseal, Dermabond, Nexaband, and others. 
In medical and veterinary applications, octyl cyanoacrylate, "n"-butyl cyanoacrylate and isobutyl cyanoacrylate are commonly used. They provide rapid wound closure, are bacteriostatic, and their use is usually painless. Butyl esters provide a stronger bond, but the glue is rigid. The octyl ester, while providing weaker bond, is more flexible.
It polymerizes rapidly in presence of moisture.
Heating to higher temperatures causes pyrolysis and depolymerization of the cured glue, producing gaseous products strongly irritating to lungs and eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="20740765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740765" title="Monostatic polytope">
Monostatic polytope

In geometry, a monostatic polytope (or unistable polyhedron) is a "d"-polytope which "can stand on only one face". They were described in 1969 by J.H. Conway, M. Goldberg and R.K. Guy. The monostatic polytope in 3-space they constructed has 19 faces, the record so far. 
Definition.
A polytope is called monostatic if, when filled homogeneously, is stable on only one facet. Alternatively, a polytope is monostatic if its centroid (the center of mass) has an orthogonal projection in the interior of only one facet.

</doc>
<doc id="20740767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740767" title="Annie Au">
Annie Au

Au Wing Chi (; born February 9, 1989 in Hong Kong) is a professional squash player who represented Hong Kong.
Annie is a left-hander from Asia who has made a great impression as a junior. Not only winning British Junior Open titles but reaching the final of the Asian Junior and being a member of the Hong Kong team which won the world juniors is also on her record. She is a tribute to the Hong Kong Squash development schemes. She started playing squash at school aged thirteen through the promotional scheme. Now, she falls under the wing of national coach Tony Choi.
Au reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 6 in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20740801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740801" title="Jaclyn Hawkes">
Jaclyn Hawkes

Jaclyn Hawkes, (born 3 December 1982 in Hong Kong) is a professional squash player who represented New Zealand.
Jaclyn grew up in Hong Kong and lived there until she was 15 when she moved to New Zealand. She started playing squash aged five because her mother Judy was a New Zealand representative and is an ex-World Masters champion. While Jaclyn played squash when she was younger she was much more keen on playing tennis (her father was a Davis Cup player for New Zealand), hockey and netball. However, when she moved to New Zealand she made the New Zealand Junior team and travelled to Antwerp for the World Juniors in 1997 and really began to enjoy playing squash. It was after making the New Zealand Senior team in 2004 and competing in Amsterdam at the World Teams event that she decided to make squash her profession.
Jaclyn Hawkes also had a profile in the 11/12/09 edition of SPORT magazine. The photographs were taken from the WISPA 2010 calendar where she photographed on a beach wearing a designer bikini. She appears as Miss May in the calendar.
Jaclyn is now based in Halifax in England after having completed a double degree in law and commerce in 2004 and has been playing full-time since the beginning of 2005.
She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 12 in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20740817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740817" title="Aston Martin Asia Cup">
Aston Martin Asia Cup

The Aston Martin Asia Cup (AMAC) is the world's first ever Aston Martin one make series. All drivers will compete for the AMAC title in identical Aston Martin V8 Vantage N24 race cars.
The series started in 2008 and consisted of 10 races throughout the Asia Pacific region including China, Japan, Malaysia and Singapore. Each race features a grid of 15 Aston Martin Vantage N24s, a 4.3 litre race-developed evolution of the V8 Vantage.
The AMAC includes a variety of 30-minute sprint races and longer endurance races, some of which support Formula One events in the region, like the Singapore Grand Prix and the Chinese Grand Prix.
Race Car.
The V8 Vantage has a V8 engine producing 410 bhp and weighs just 1350 kg. The 18 AMAC cars have the automated manual Sportshift transmission, and all the cars are equipped with roll cages, safety fuel tanks, race seats and harnesses, and fire extinguisher systems. The cars will be serviced at the Aston Martin Beijing service facility at the city's Goldenport race circuit. Michelin is the sole tyre supplier.
Prize.
The Championship offers a fully sponsored season in a Vantage N24 in the 2009 FIA GT4 Championship for the winner.
Circuits visited.
The inaugural season in 2008 had 10 rounds, and saw the series visit the following circuits:

</doc>
<doc id="20740819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740819" title="Jeyanthan Brigade">
Jeyanthan Brigade

Jeyanthan Brigade consist of LTTE fighters from Eastern Sri Lanka. The fighters have participated in many conventional battles fought against the Sri Lankan Forces including Battle of Pooneryn, Operation Jayasikurui, Battle of Mullaitivu, Battle of Kilinochchi and Second Battle of Elephant Pass.
Its motto is: "We will go anywhere. We will win anything". This brigade was named in the memory of Sampukuddi Pathmanthan (alias Captain Jeyanthan) from Morakkondanchenai, Batticaloa District who died in 1991 during an attack on a Sri Lankan naval patrol vessel. It has been claimed a person by the alias Bhavaan is the chief of this brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="20740859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740859" title="Dichong Station">
Dichong Station

Dichong Station () is an elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 30 December 2006. It is located at the junction of Nande Road () and Qianqing Road () in Shiqi Town (), Panyu District.

</doc>
<doc id="20740884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740884" title="Dominique Lloyd-Walter">
Dominique Lloyd-Walter

Dominique Lloyd-Walter, (born 17 June 1981 in London Borough of Harrow) is a professional squash player who represents England. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 18 in November 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20740890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740890" title="Dongchong Station">
Dongchong Station

Dongchong Station () is an elevated station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 30 December 2006. It is located at the junction of Jingzhu Expressway (), Dongchong Avenue () and Maofeng Road () in Dongchong Town (), Panyu District.

</doc>
<doc id="20740898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740898" title="John Leavitt">
John Leavitt

Deacon John Leavitt (1608–1691) was a tailor, public officeholder, and founding deacon of Old Ship Church in Hingham, Plymouth County, Massachusetts, the only remaining 17th-century Puritan meeting house in America and the oldest church in continuous ecclesiastical use in the United States. Hingham's Leavitt Street is named for the early settler, whose descendants have lived in Hingham for centuries.
Biography.
Leavitt was born in 1608 in England, but his exact birthplace is uncertain. Leavitt first appears in the annals of the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1634, when he is shown in records of Dorchester, Massachusetts, as having been granted a house lot. Within two years, the early settler had moved to nearby Hingham, where he was granted land in 1636. In his early history of Hingham, attorney Solomon Lincoln recited the oft-told tale of Leavitt's supposed origins:
"The family tradition concerning John Leavitt is that he was an indented apprentice in England," wrote Lincoln in 1827, "and that he absconded from his master and came to this country when nineteen years of age... He received a grant of land in this town in 1636. His homestead was in Leavitt-street, recently so named, on both sides of the river."
In the same year, Leavitt took the Freeman's Oath of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. In records on file at Boston Leavitt is shown on March 3, 1636, as pledging loyalty to the English Crown. In the early Massachusetts record the early English settler is listed as John Levett, as the tailor apparently spelled his own name for several decades, until it became corrupted later in life.
After moving to Hingham, Leavitt's first wife Mary died, and he subsequently remarried at Hingham on December 16, 1646, Sarah Gilman, daughter of Edward Gilman Sr., a fellow Hingham resident who later removed with his family to Ipswich, Massachusetts, and thence to Exeter, New Hampshire, Sarah Gilman's sister Lydia married Daniel Cushing, who became Hingham's town clerk and John Leavitt's lifelong friend and, later, witness to his will.
Leavitt became active in Hingham town affairs, was named a Sergeant in the militia, as well as Deputy to the Massachusetts General Court from 1656–64, a Selectman for the town in 1661 and many subsequent years, and then Deacon of the church, pastored by Rev. Peter Hobart, whose daughter Bathsheba married John Leavitt's son John Jr.
In between his public life and helping raise 13 children, Leavitt embarked on a lifelong pursuit of land, perhaps in recognition of its limited availability in his native England. By 1665, Leavitt and Lieut. John Smith, with whom he frequently collaborated in his real estate dealings, had secured on the border of Hingham and what is today Cohasset. Living nearby Leavitt's house lot in today's Hingham Center, located at some distance from the main village, was his friend Nathaniel Baker, who also often purchased real estate with Leavitt. The two men apparently enjoyed particularly warm relations with the local Indians. Deacon John Leavitt assisted in the burial of a local Indian chief, and Baker was fined 20 shillings for "entertaining a Indian or Indians contrary to a Town order."
Nearby Leavitt's home described as 'over the Delaware' (River) was the so-called Great Rock, an enormous boulder subsequently blown up in the nineteenth century for building material. Onto its granite face was incised, by an early settler, a large inscription noting the accomplishments of Hingham's earliest settlers. The inscription read:
"When wild in wood the naked savage ran,
In keeping with the spirit of the inscription, and despite his own warm relations with the local Native American tribe, John Leavitt bought enormous tracts of land from the local Indians, for a meager outlay of cash. Leavitt made several such purchases during his lifetime, most lying in the so-called 'Narragansett country,' in the region south of Hingham near the Massachusetts-Rhode Island border. One such tract, fifteen-miles (24 km)-square, was purchased by Leavitt and his friends Capt. Joshua Hobart (twin brother of Rev. Peter) and Lieut. John Smith. In many such deeds, John Leavitt the settler is called 'John Levet' or sometimes 'John Levett' or even 'John Levit,' but rarely John Leavitt.
By May 3, 1680, when a town meeting was held to decide whether a new meeting house would be built upon the site of the old, John Leavitt was Deacon of the church, and one of the chief proponents for the new building. Leavitt's speeches on the need for a new sanctuary ultimately proved persuasive. The Old Ship Church, so-called because the hammerbeam roof construction recalled that of an upside-down ship's hull, was completed July 26, 1681, when the townspeople of Hingham gathered on the knoll bordering on Bachelor's Row (now Main Street) to watch the raising of the frame of the new building.
Observing the festivities was Deacon John Leavitt, aged seventy-three, who had argued the need for the new wooden edifice. The Deacon's pew remains set aside today in the building, over 300 years later. Tailor John Leavitt died at Hingham November 20, 1691, at age 83. His voluminous will records the disposition of the extensive lands accumulated during his lifetime, as well as documenting the family and social connections that sustained him in the New World. The executors of Leavitt's estate, named in his will, were his friend and brother-in-law Daniel Cushing Sr., Hingham's longtime town clerk, Capt. John Smith, Capt. John Jacob, Lieut. Matthew Cushing, and Daniel Cushing Jr.
Leavitt's widow, Sarah (Gilman) Leavitt, died in Hingham at the home of her brother-in-law Daniel Cushing on May 26, 1700. Two of John Leavitt's sons, Samuel and Moses, later moved to Exeter, New Hampshire. John's son Israel, bearing another Old Testament name, married Lydia Jackson of the Plymouth Colony, where her grandfather Nathaniel Morton, the colony's Secretary and nephew of Governor William Bradford, was first to publish a list of signers of the Mayflower Compact, as well recording the celebration of the first Thanksgiving. Each year "The Wall Street Journal" carries an excerpt from Morton's "New England's Memorial" – printed at Cambridge in 1669, the first history book printed in America – limning the details of the first Thanksgiving.
The daughters of John Leavitt similarly left their mark. Hannah Leavitt married as her second husband Capt. Joseph Estabrook of Lexington, Massachusetts. John's daughter Sarah married as her second husband Samuel Howe—their descendants established the Wayside Inn in Sudbury, Massachusetts, celebrated in Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's "Tales of a Wayside Inn".
Among the couple's other descendants on the continent they helped pioneer are Salem clipper ship owner, Massachusetts legislator and founder of the Peabody Essex Museum Dudley Leavitt Pickman; former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor; Philadelphia society portraitist Cecilia Beaux; architect Richard Morris Hunt, painter William Morris Hunt and brother Leavitt Hunt, attorney and photography pioneer; deaf Harvard astronomy wunderkind Henrietta Swan Leavitt; former Assistant Secretary of Defense during the Cuban Missile Crisis Roswell Leavitt Gilpatric; the abolitionist brothers Roger Hooker Leavitt, Joshua Leavitt and Hart Leavitt; New Hampshire native Dudley Leavitt, publisher of Leavitt's Farmers Almanack, the second oldest in the nation; and Hartford Mayor and father of the U. S. Dept. of Agriculture Henry Leavitt Ellsworth.
Deacon Leavitt's descendants also include writer Stephen King; former United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Mike Leavitt; New York City financier David Leavitt, namesake of Chicago's Leavitt Street for his role in rescuing nearly bankrupt Illinois and Michigan Canal; Hon. John Leavitt Stevens, U. S. State Dept. Minister to the Kingdom of Hawai'i, forced to resign in 1893 when accused of conspiring to overthrow Queen Lili'uokalani; Forest Ranger and later U.S. Congressman Scott Leavitt of Montana; and former Utah governor and U.S. Ambassador to China and Singapore Jon Huntsman, Jr. Among John Leavitt's English descendants was Admiral of the Fleet Sir Alfred Dudley Pickman Pound, a torpedo expert who masterminded Britain's victory in the Battle of the Atlantic (1939–1945).
Other descendants of the Deacon became German citizens. David Leavitt Jr., son of the New York banker, moved to Dresden, where daughter Louise Walcott Leavitt married Baron Franz Oswald Trützschler von Falkenstein. Her sister Helen Hudson Leavitt married Baron Adolf von Strahlenheim. Hugh Toler Leavitt, brother of the Baronesses, became a German Army officer.
John Leavitt's descendants have reunited periodically at Hingham throughout the years.

</doc>
<doc id="20740901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740901" title="James Grundy (chess player)">
James Grundy (chess player)

James Glover Grundy (February 14, 1855 – January 26, 1919) was an English-American chess master.
Chess career.
Grundy is known to have played in only one chess tournament of any note. However, his result in that tournament was outstanding. In the Fifth American Chess Congress, held in New York City in January 1880, Grundy tied for first with George Henry Mackenzie, with each scoring 13½/18 in the double round robin.
Notable game.
In the following game, Grundy beat George Henry Mackenzie, one of the strongest American players of his day:
Grundy-Mackenzie, Fifth American Chess Congress, New York 1880 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.Bb5 a6 4.Ba4 Nf6 5.d3 b5 6.Bb3 Bc5 7.O-O d6 8.c3 Bg4 9.Be3 O-O 10.Nbd2 Qd7 11.Re1 Rad8 12.Bc2 Bxe3 13.fxe3 Ne7 14.a4 c6 15.Qe2 Ra8 16.Qf2 Ng6 17.h3 Bxf3 18.Nxf3 h6 19.Red1 Qe7 20.Nd2 Nh7 21.Nf1 Nh4 22.Ng3 g6 23.d4 Rad8 24.axb5 axb5 25.Ra6 c5 26.Rda1 b4 27.Ra7 Rd7 28.Rxd7 Qxd7 29.Nf5 Nxf5 30.exf5 bxc3 31.bxc3 cxd4 32.exd4 exd4 33.fxg6 fxg6 34.Qxd4 Qe6 35.Ra6 Rf6 36.Be4 Kg7 37.Ra7+ Kh8 38.Ra8+ Kg7 39.Bd5 Qe1+ 40.Kh2 h5 41.Ra7+ Kh6 42.Rxh7+ Kxh7 43.Qxf6 h4 44.Qf7+ Kh6 45.Qf4+ Kh7 46.c4 1–0

</doc>
<doc id="20740922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740922" title="Coky Giedroyc">
Coky Giedroyc

Mary-Rose Helen "Coky" Giedroyć, Lady Bower-Smyth (; born 1962 in Hong Kong) is a BAFTA-nominated English director.
Career.
Giedroyc has directed several films, including "Women Talking Dirty" and "Stella Does Tricks"; she is best known for her work directing television dramas, which have included "Wuthering Heights", "The Virgin Queen", "Oliver Twist", "Fear of Fanny", "Carrie's War", and three episodes of "Blackpool".
In 2007 she was nominated, with Paula Milne and Paul Rutman, for a Best Drama Serial BAFTA for "The Virgin Queen".
In 2010, her directing work for the BBC TV serial, entitled "The Nativity", was praised by critics, although the story portrayed some controversial elements that caused debate between Christians due to its modern dramatizations of the birth of Christ.
Giedroyc directed "A Study in Pink", originally filmed as a 60-minute pilot for
the TV series, "Sherlock" and written by Steven Moffat. However, the BBC decided not to broadcast the episode because they wished to change the broadcast length to 90 mins. However the pilot was released on the DVD of the first series, and it proved to be slightly different from the final version.
She has also directed BBC's "The Hour" and "What Remains".
Personal life.
The elder sister of actress, presenter and writer Mel Giedroyc, she grew up in Leatherhead, Surrey. Her father is Michał Giedroyć, a historian of Polish-Lithuanian descent from an ancient ducal family who came to England in 1947. She attended Bristol University, where she first began making films. Married to Sir Thomas Weyland Bowyer-Smyth, a baronet, Giedroyc's title is Lady Bowyer-Smyth.

</doc>
<doc id="20740935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740935" title="Edward Payson Chapin">
Edward Payson Chapin

Edward Payson Chapin (August 16, 1831 – May 27, 1863) was an American lawyer and soldier. He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, and was wounded twice, both times occurring on May 27. Chapin was killed in action fighting in Louisiana, and after his death was promoted to brigadier general.
Early life and career.
Edward P. Chapin was born in 1831 in Waterloo, a village located in Seneca County, New York. He was the youngest of six children of Ephraim Chapin (1789 –1871), a Presbyterian minister, and of Elizabeth White Maltby (1794–1886). Chapin's siblings were named Ephraim, Eliza, Maria, Louise, and Charles.
Chapin's initial education came from a local school in Waterloo, and then he studied law at Buffalo as well as at Ballston Spa. He was admitted to New York's bar association in 1852, and then became a lawyer, practicing in Buffalo. Chapin was also part of the "Niagaras," the city’s first semi-pro baseball club. He was also active in the New York's militia, serving as a captain in the state forces.
Civil War service and death.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, Chapin chose to follow his home state and the Union cause. He was mustered into the Union Army on September 6 as a captain in the 44th New York Infantry Regiment. The 44th left New York on October 21, numbering 1,061 strong, and joined the Army of the Potomac. On January 2, 1862, Chapin was promoted to Major, and he fought during the Peninsula Campaign in Virginia. On May 27 he was seriously wounded in the Battle of Hanover Court House, among the 86 casualties the 44th suffered in the fight. Chapin's performance there was praised by his commanding officer, Brig. Gen. John H. Martindale.
On July 4, 1862, Chapin was promoted to lieutenant colonel in the 44th New York, however he resigned that day and returned home. During the convalescence from his wound, Chapin was approached by Buffalo officials requesting he raise and lead a new regiment, the 116th New York Infantry.
On September 5 Chapin was appointed commander of the 116th, with the rank of Colonel. He led the regiment south to Baltimore, Maryland, where it remained until ordered to Mississippi that November.
Chapin and the 116th arrived at Ship Island, Mississippi, by sail on December 14, 1862, and by the end of the year they reached New Orleans, Louisiana. On February 9, 1863, Chapin was given brigade command in the army of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks, operating against Confederate forces defending the Mississippi River. Chapin and his command saw action at the Battle of Plains Store on May 21, where he was again praised for his conduct by his superiors. Six days later Chapin led his brigade (part of Brig Gen. Christopher C. Augur's division) against the Confederate fortifications around Port Hudson, Louisiana, the first assaults in the Siege of Port Hudson. What happened has been described as:
After being wounded in the American Civil War with the second injury causing his death, Chapin's body was sent back to Waterloo, New York, and was buried there in the city's Maple Grove Cemetery. Four months after his death, President Abraham Lincoln sent Chapin's father a commission, appointing Chapin a brigadier general "for gallant and meritorious service at the assault on Port Hudson." The commission was dated from the day of Chapin's death, but was never confirmed by the U.S. Congress. Chapin Parkway in Buffalo, New York, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20740937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740937" title="Bukovica pri Vodicah">
Bukovica pri Vodicah

Bukovica pri Vodicah (; in older sources also "Bukovca", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Bukovica" to "Bukovica pri Vodicah" (literally, 'Bukovica near Vodice') in 1953. "Bukovica" is a common toponym and oronym in Slovenia. It is derived from the adjective "bukov" 'beech' (from "bukev" 'beech tree') and originally referred to the local vegetation. In the 19th century the German name was "Bukowitz".

</doc>
<doc id="20740943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740943" title="Teare">
Teare

Teare is a surname of Manx origin. 

</doc>
<doc id="20740950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740950" title="Paul Martin (All My Children)">
Paul Martin (All My Children)

Paul Martin is a fictional character on ABC Daytime's "All My Children".
Portrayers.
The character was created by Agnes Nixon, and portrayed by: Ken Rabat (1970–72); William Mooney (1972–82, 1984, 1985, 1990, 1995)
Relationships.
Family: Katherine Martin (mother), Pauline Martin (aunt), Wayne Martin (uncle), Joe Martin (Brother); Beth Martin (Daughter)
Marriages: Anne Tyler; Margo Flax; Anne Tyler
Character History.
1970: Attorney Paul Martin voluntarily entered the draft to defend his country in Vietnam. No sooner did he arrive was her presumed missing in action. It took a year for him to be discovered. Returning home to Pine Valley, he was reunited with his mother, Kate Martin, and brother, Dr. Joe Martin. Setting down roots, Paul opened his own law firm.
1971: Phoebe Tyler approached Paul with a proposition to date her daughter, Anne Tyler. Paul was intrigued by Anne and was more than willing to comply. He knew he had competition, as Anne was still seeing Nick Davis.
1972: Paul’s love for Anne was left unrequited when she decided to marry Nick Davis. He was convinced they would remain friends, but he always wanted more. Anne turned to Paul when Nick made it clear he wanted a divorce. Paul became her lawyer, but their time together was leading to something more. Anne learned she was pregnant with Nick’s child. Nick had wanted nothing to do with Anne, very well their child. Paul proposed that he would raise the child as his own. Anne accepted his proposal, and made plans to become the newest Mrs. Martin.
1973: Paul and Anne’s marriage was actually working out. Paul could tell that as time went by, Anne was actually falling in love with him. Their happiness was short lived when Anne miscarried. She told Nick the truth about his child and their marriage. Though Nick and Anne were spending more time together again, Paul was not worried. Nick was now married to Kitty Shea, and they were expecting their own child.
Anne abruptly left Pine Valley for New York. Paul was called by the hospital: Anne was in an accident. Paul and Phoebe arrived and saw Nick keeping vigil over Anne’s comatose body. Paul demanded to know what had happened. Anne had gone to New York to make her final decision about Nick. That was all Paul needed to hear. Paul thought Anne had chosen Nick. He kicked Nick out of the hospital and waited for Anne. As long as he was her husband, he was going to keep his promise and stay by her bedside. When Anne awoke, Paul was despondent. He told her they were getting a divorce. Anne walked out of the hospital alone, and made her way out of Pine Valley.
1974: Paul swamped himself in his work so as to avoid thinking about Anne. His nephew Jeff Martin was his priority now. He was up for the murder of Jason Maxwell, his wife’s lover. While looking through his affairs, the name Margo Flax constantly came up. She was Jason’s former lover. Margo helped Paul to get to the bottom of his affairs. Their long hours together sparked a romance.
Anne returned to Pine Valley after recovering in Seattle. She wanted to explain herself to Paul, but he was still unwilling to listen. Margo romanced his broken heart. Before he knew it, they were set to be married.
1975: Paul’s marriage to Margo was crumbling. He turned to Anne for guidance. He realized that he could not just be Anne’s friend. They began an affair. After a torrid weekend of love making, Paul decided he was going to break up with Margo.
When he arrived home, Margo had shocking news. She was pregnant with Paul’s son. Paul was now trapped in his marriage. He broke the news to Anne who agreed he needed to be there for his child.
1976: Paul found out that Margo had planned to adopt a child and pass it off as her own child. Paul rejected Margo. He turned to Anne once again. One night, Margo tried to poison Anne at The Boutique by causing a carbon monoxide leak. Paul saved her. Nick revealed that she was pregnant with child, Paul’s child.
Paul and Anne decided to marry again. On their honeymoon, Anne fell ill with toxoplasmosis. Dr. Chris Karras revealed that Anne’s child would be born severely mentally handicapped. Chris encouraged a therapeutic abortion. Anne refused. She was not going to lose another child.
The Martin’s greatest fear was realized when Beth Martin was born. Paul wanted Beth to be institutionalized, but Anne would have none of it. She fired all of the nanny’s, and barricaded herself at home to care for Beth.
1977: Paul struggled to keep Anne sane. She refused to let Beth out of her sight for a minute. Paul finally got Anne to attend a meeting for parents with disabled children. But as soon as the meeting was over, she stormed her way home to be with Beth. Beth had died of SIDS. The trauma of the situation proved to be too much for Anne. She had a break from reality, cradling a photo Beth as if she was still alive. Phoebe and Paul were forced to institutionalize Anne.
1978: Without Anne, Paul threw himself into his work. His main priority was to see Ray Gardner thrown into prison for raping Ruth. After succeeding at that, he petitioned for Tad to be formally adopted by Ruth and Joe. With his father in prison, Tad’s adoption was approved and finalized.
Paul found a supportive shoulder in Ellen Shepard, a childhood friend and the new owner of Anne's old business The Boutique. Ellen confided in Paul her apprehensions about her relationship with Mark Dalton, a man ten years her junior. Paul was Ellen’s age, and they had a lot in common. As time went by, they began to see more of each other.
1979: Paul and Ellen’s relationship continued to blossom. Paul decided to begin divorce proceedings from Anne. But, Phoebe got wind and confronted him. She blamed Ellen for Paul’s change of heart, but it had nothing to do with her. Paul believed all hope was lost for Anne’s recovery.
The doctors at Oak Haven contacted Paul with good news. Anne was showing signs of recovery. Paul held off his divorce proceedings for the time being.
1980: Anne finally made clear signs of recovery. Her doctors allowed her to move back home, but she insisted in moving in with Phoebe first. Paul wanted to save his marriage and tried his best to rekindle their love.
1981-82: Anne agreed to move back in with Paul. He began his run for state office. But his competitors were cut throat. One day, Anne’s car was blocked in and she decided to use Paul’s car to go see her mother. When she started the ignition, the car exploded with her inside. The bomb was meant for Paul.
Filled with grief and guilt, Paul tried to come to terms with Anne’s death. He decided Pine Valley had nothing left to offer him and left to build his life anew.
1985: Kate died peacefully in her sleep. All of the Martins returned to say farewell to their beloved grandmother.
1995: Paul returned to Pine Valley for the Martin family housewarming party. While looking back at his life in Pine Valley, Paul could not forget to remember the love he shared with Anne.

</doc>
<doc id="20740969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740969" title="Dobruša">
Dobruša

Dobruša is a small settlement in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20740978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740978" title="The Pentagon">
The Pentagon

The Pentagon is the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense, located in Arlington County, Virginia. As a symbol of the U.S. military, "the Pentagon" is often used metonymically to refer to the U.S. Department of Defense.
The Pentagon was designed by American architect George Bergstrom (1876–1955), and built by general contractor John McShain of Philadelphia. Ground was broken for construction on September 11, 1941, and the building was dedicated on January 15, 1943. General Brehon Somervell provided the major motive power behind the project; Colonel Leslie Groves was responsible for overseeing the project for the U.S. Army.
The Pentagon is a large office building, with about , of which are used as offices. Approximately 28,000 military and civilian employees and about 3,000 non-defense support personnel work in the Pentagon. It has five sides, five floors above ground, two basement levels, and five ring corridors per floor with a total of of corridors. The Pentagon includes a five-acre (20,000 m2) central plaza, which is shaped like a pentagon and informally known as "ground zero," a nickname originating during the Cold War on the presumption that it would be targeted by the Soviet Union at the outbreak of nuclear war.
On September 11, 2001, exactly sixty years after the building's groundbreaking, American Airlines Flight 77 was hijacked and flown into the Western side of the building, killing 189 people. It was the first significant foreign attack on the capital's government facilities since the Burning of Washington during the War of 1812.
History.
Construction.
Before the Pentagon was built, the United States Department of War was headquartered in the Greggory Building, a temporary structure erected during World War I along Constitution Avenue on the National Mall. The War Department, which was a civilian agency created to administer the U.S. Army, was spread out in additional temporary buildings on National Mall, as well as dozens of other buildings in Washington, D.C., Maryland and Virginia. In the late 1930s a new War Department Building was constructed at 21st and C Streets in Foggy Bottom but, upon completion, the new building did not solve the department's space problem and ended up being used by the Department of State. When World War II broke out in Europe, the War Department rapidly expanded in anticipation that the United States would be drawn into the conflict. Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson found the situation unacceptable, with the Munitions Building overcrowded and the department spread out.
Stimson told President Franklin D. Roosevelt in May 1941 that the War Department needed additional space. On July 17, 1941, a congressional hearing took place, organized by Virginia congressman Clifton Woodrum, regarding proposals for new War Department buildings. Woodrum pressed Brigadier General Eugene Reybold, who was representing the War Department at the hearing, for an "overall solution" to the department's "space problem" rather than building yet more temporary buildings. Reybold agreed to report back to the congressman within five days. The War Department called upon its construction chief, General Brehon Somervell, to come up with a plan.
Government officials agreed that the War Department building should be constructed across the Potomac River, in Arlington, Virginia. Requirements for the new building were that it be no more than four stories tall, and that it use a minimal amount of steel. The requirements meant that, instead of rising vertically, the building would be sprawling over a large area. Possible sites for the building included the Department of Agriculture's Arlington Experimental Farm, adjacent to Arlington National Cemetery, and the obsolete Washington Hoover Airport site.
The site originally chosen was Arlington Farms which had a roughly pentagonal shape, so the building was planned accordingly as an irregular pentagon. Concerned that the new building could obstruct the view of Washington, D.C. from Arlington Cemetery, President Roosevelt ended up selecting the Hoover Airport site instead. The building retained its pentagonal layout because a major redesign at that stage would have been costly, and Roosevelt liked the design. Freed of the constraints of the asymmetric Arlington Farms site, it was modified into a regular pentagon.
On July 28 Congress authorized funding for a new Department of War building in Arlington, which would house the entire department under one roof, and President Roosevelt officially approved of the Hoover Airport site on September 2. While the project went through the approval process in late July 1941, Somervell selected the contractors, including John McShain, Inc. of Philadelphia, which had built Washington National Airport in Arlington, the Jefferson Memorial in Washington, and the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, along with Wise Contracting Company, Inc. and Doyle and Russell, both from Virginia. In addition to the Hoover Airport site and other government-owned land, construction of the Pentagon required an additional , which were acquired at a cost of $2.2 million. The Hell's Bottom neighborhood, a slum with numerous pawnshops, factories, approximately 150 homes, and other buildings around Columbia Pike, was also cleared to make way for the Pentagon. Later of land were transferred to Arlington National Cemetery and to Fort Myer, leaving for the Pentagon.
Contracts totaling $31,100,000 were finalized with McShain and the other contractors on September 11, and ground was broken for the Pentagon the same day. Among the design requirements, Somervell required the structural design to accommodate floor loads of up to 150 pounds per square foot, which was done in case the building became a records storage facility at some time after the end of the current war. A minimal amount of steel was used as it was in short supply during World War II. Instead, the Pentagon was built as a reinforced concrete structure, using 680,000 tons of sand dredged from the Potomac River, and a lagoon was created beneath the Pentagon's river entrance. To minimize steel, concrete ramps were built rather than installing elevators. Indiana limestone was used for the building's façade.
Architectural and structural design work for the Pentagon proceeded simultaneously with construction, with initial drawings provided in early October 1941, and most of the design work completed by June 1, 1942. At times the construction work got ahead of the design, with different materials used than specified in the plans. Pressure to speed up design and construction intensified after the attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, with Somervell demanding that of space at the Pentagon be available for occupation by April 1, 1942. David J. Witmer replaced Bergstrom as chief architect on April 11 after Bergstorm resigned due to charges, unrelated to the Pentagon project, of improper conduct while he was president of the American Institute of Architects.
Construction of the Pentagon was done during the period of racial segregation in the United States. This had structural consequences to the design of the building. Under the supervision of colonel Leslie Groves, the decision to have separate eating and lavatory accommodations for whites and blacks was made and carried out. The dining areas for blacks were put in the basement and on each floor there were double toilet facilities separated by gender and race. These measures of segregation were said to have been done in compliance with the state of Virginia’s racial laws. The Pentagon as a result has twice the number of toilet facilities needed for a building of its size.
President Roosevelt had made an order ending such racial discrimination in the U.S. military in June 1941. When the President visited the Pentagon before its dedication, he questioned Groves regarding the number of washrooms and ordered him to remove the “Whites Only” signs. Until 1965 the Pentagon was the only building in Virginia where segregation laws were not enforced.
The soil conditions of the Pentagon site, located on the Potomac River floodplain, presented challenges to engineers, as did the varying elevations across the site, which ranged from above sea level. Two retaining walls were built to compensate for the elevation variations, and cast-in-place (Franki) piles were used to deal with the soil conditions. Construction of the Pentagon was completed in approximately 16 months at a total cost of $83 million. The building is tall, and each of the five sides of the building is long.
Because of the pressing needs of the war, people started working in the Pentagon before it was completed. The Pentagon was built wing at a time, and after the first wing was finished, employees started to move into that wing while construction was continuing on the other wings.
Protests.
The Pentagon became a spot for protests against the Vietnam War during the late 1960s. A group of 2,500 women, organized by Women Strike for Peace, demonstrated outside of Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara's office at the Pentagon on February 15, 1967. In May 1967, a group of 20 demonstrators held a sit-in outside the Joint Chiefs of Staff's office, which lasted four days before they were arrested. In one of the better known incidents, on October 21, 1967, some 35,000 anti-war protesters organized by the National Mobilization Committee to End the War in Vietnam, gathered for a demonstration at the Defense Department (the "March on the Pentagon"), where they were confronted by some 2,500 armed soldiers. During the protest, a famous picture was taken, where George Harris placed carnations into the soldiers' gun barrels. The march concluded with an attempt to "exorcise" the building. On May 19, 1972, the American radicals known as the Weather Underground Organization successfully planted and detonated a bomb in a fourth-floor women's restroom in the Pentagon. They announced it was in retaliation for the Nixon administration's bombing attacks on Hanoi during the final stages of the Vietnam War.
On March 17, 2007, 4,000 to 15,000 people (estimates vary significantly) protested against the Iraq War. The protesters marched from the Lincoln Memorial, down Washington Boulevard to the Pentagon’s north parking lot.
Renovation.
From 1998 to 2011, the Pentagon underwent a major renovation, known as the "Pentagon Renovation Program". This program, completed in June, 2011, involved the complete gutting and reconstruction of the entire building in phases to bring the building up to modern standards, removing asbestos, improving security, providing greater efficiency for Pentagon tenants, and sealing of all office windows.
As originally built, most Pentagon office space consisted of open bays which spanned an entire ring. These offices used cross-ventilation from operable windows instead of air conditioning for cooling. Gradually, bays were subdivided into private offices with many using window air conditioning units. With renovations now complete, the new space includes a return to open office bays, a new Universal Space Plan of standardized office furniture and partitions developed by Studios Architecture.
September 11 attacks.
On September 11, 2001, the 60th anniversary of The Pentagon's groundbreaking, a team of five al-Qaeda affiliated hijackers took control of American Airlines Flight 77, "en route" from Washington Dulles International Airport to Los Angeles International Airport, and deliberately crashed the Boeing 757 airliner into the western side of the Pentagon at 9:37 am EDT as part of the September 11 attacks. All 64 people on the airliner were killed as were 125 people who were in the building. The impact of the plane severely damaged the structure of the building and caused its partial collapse. 
At the time of the attacks, the Pentagon was under renovation and many offices were unoccupied, resulting in fewer casualties. Only 800 of 4,500 people who would have been in the area were there because of the work. Furthermore the area hit, on the side of the Heliport façade, was the section best prepared for such an attack. The renovation there, improvements which resulted from the Oklahoma City bombing, had nearly been completed.
It was the only area of the Pentagon with a sprinkler system, and it had been reconstructed with a web of steel columns and bars to withstand bomb blasts. The steel reinforcement, bolted together to form a continuous structure through all of the Pentagon's five floors, kept that section of the building from collapsing for 30 minutes—enough time for hundreds of people to crawl out to safety.
The area struck by the plane also had blast-resistant windows—2 inches thick and 2,500 pounds each—that stayed intact during the crash and fire. It had fire doors that opened automatically and newly built exits that allowed people to get out. Contractors already involved with the renovation were given the added task of rebuilding the sections damaged in the attacks. This additional project was named the "Phoenix Project", and was charged with having the outermost offices of the damaged section occupied by September 11, 2002.
When the damaged section of the Pentagon was repaired, a small indoor memorial and chapel were included, located at the point of impact. For the fifth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks, a memorial of 184 beams of light shone up from the center courtyard of the Pentagon, one light for each victim of the attack. In addition, an American flag is hung each year on the side of the Pentagon damaged in the attacks, and the side of the building is illuminated at night with blue lights. After the attacks, plans were developed for an outdoor memorial, with construction underway in 2006. This Pentagon Memorial consists of a park on of land, containing 184 benches, one dedicated to each victim. The benches are aligned along the line of Flight 77 according to the victims' ages, from 3 to 71. The park opened to the public on September 11, 2008.
Shooting incidents.
On March 4, 2010, at 6:40 pm, two police officers working for the Pentagon Force Protection Agency were shot at near an entrance to the Pentagon and fired back with their pistols at the suspect. The officers were slightly injured but were treated in a hospital and released. The suspect, identified as John Patrick Bedell (age 36), died at the hospital. No clear motive was established. On October 19, 2010, shortly before 5 am, an unidentified gunman shot at the south side of the building, shattering windows on the third and fourth floors.
Earthquake.
On August 23, 2011, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake in Mineral, Virginia, shook the Pentagon. The building suffered minor damage, with flooding from broken pipes.
Layout.
The Pentagon building spans , and includes an additional as a central courtyard. Starting with the north side and moving clockwise, its five façades are the Mall Terrace Entrance façade, the River Terrace Entrance façade, the Concourse Entrance (or Metro Station) façade, the South Parking Entrance façade, and the Heliport façade. On the north side of the building, the Mall Entrance, which also features a portico, leads out to a long terrace that is used for ceremonies. The River Entrance, which features a portico projecting out , is located on the northeast side, overlooking the lagoon and facing Washington. A stepped terrace on the River Entrance leads down to the lagoon; and a landing dock was used until the late 1960s to ferry personnel between Bolling Air Force Base and the Pentagon. The main entrance for visitors is located on the southeast side, where the Pentagon Metro station and the bus station are located. There is also a concourse on the southeast side of the second floor of the building, which contains a mini-shopping mall. The Pentagon's south parking lot is located on the southwest side of the Pentagon, and the west side of the Pentagon faces Washington Boulevard.
The concentric rings are designated from the center out as "A" through "E" (with in addition "F" and "G" in the basement). "E" Ring offices are the only ones with outside views and are generally occupied by senior officials. Office numbers go clockwise around each of the rings, and have two parts: a nearest-corridor number (1 to 10) followed by a bay number (00 to 99), so office numbers range from 100 to 1099. These corridors radiate out from the central courtyard, with corridor 1 beginning with the Concourse's south end. Each numbered radial corridor intersects with the corresponding numbered group of offices (for example, corridor 5 divides the 500 series office block). There are a number of historical displays in the building, particularly in the "A" and "E" rings.
Floors in The Pentagon are lettered "B" for Basement and "M" for Mezzanine, both of which are below ground level. The concourse is located on the second floor at the metro entrance. Above ground floors are numbered 1 to 5. Room numbers are given as the floor, concentric ring, and office number (which is in turn the nearest corridor number followed by the bay number). Thus, office 2B315 is on the second floor, B ring, and nearest to corridor 3 (between corridors 2 and 3). One way to get to this office would be to go to the second floor, get to the A (innermost) ring, go to and take corridor 3, and then turn left on ring B to get to bay 15.
It is possible for a person to walk between any two points in the Pentagon in less than seven minutes.
Just south of the Pentagon are Pentagon City and Crystal City, extensive shopping and high-density residential districts in Arlington. Arlington National Cemetery is to the north. The Washington Metro Pentagon station is also located at the Pentagon, on the Blue and Yellow Lines. The Pentagon is surrounded by the relatively complex Pentagon road network.
The United States Postal Service has established six ZIP Codes for The Pentagon, to which the place name “Washington, D.C.” is assigned, even though The Pentagon is actually located in Virginia. The Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the four service branches each have their own designated ZIP Code.
Security.
The Pentagon Force Protection Agency (PFPA) is a United States government agency composed of sworn federal police officers, the United States Pentagon Police and civilian CBRN technicians, and non-sworn civilian anti-terrorism investigative and physical security personnel, and is responsible for the protection of the Pentagon. The Department of Defense created the PFPA after the September 11, 2001 attacks. The new agency absorbed the Defense Protective Service (DPS) and assumed its role of providing basic law enforcement and security for the Pentagon and Department of Defense sites in the 280 acre (1.1 km2) "Pentagon Reservation" and greater National Capital Region (NCR). PFPA was also charged with providing force protection against the full spectrum of potential threats through robust prevention, preparedness, detection, and response measures. The United States Pentagon Police is the primary federal law enforcement arm of the Pentagon Force Protection Agency.
Hall of Heroes.
Located on the Pentagon's main concourse is the Hall of Heroes, a room dedicated to the more than 3,460 recipients of the Medal of Honor, the United States' highest military decoration. The Medal of Honor is presented to its recipients in the name of the Congress of the United States and for that reason, is often referred to as the "Congressional Medal of Honor". There are three different versions of the Medal of Honor: the Army version, the Sea Service version (Marine Corps, Navy and Coast Guard), and the Air Force version. All three versions are displayed in the Hall of Heroes. Along the walls of the room are the names of each recipient. An asterisk next to some of the names denotes service members who received two Medals of Honor for two separate acts of bravery. Dots next to other names denote Marines who were under the command of the Army during WWI and received both the Army and Sea Service versions of the Medal of Honor for a single act of bravery. The Hall of Heroes was opened during a Medal of Honor awards ceremony on May 14, 1968. President Lyndon Johnson officiated the ceremony and awarded the Medal of Honor to four serviceman: Specialist 5 Charles C. Hagemeister, U.S. Army; Sergeant Richard A. Pittman, U.S. Marine Corps; Boatswain's Mate 1st Class James E. Williams, U.S. Navy and Captain Gerald O. Young, U.S. Air Force. It was the first time that all four services were represented in a Medal of Honor Ceremony. The medals were awarded in the Pentagon's center courtyard. Upon the ceremony's conclusion, President Johnson ascended a staircase to his rear and cut a red ribbon in front of a door at the top of the stairs providing entrance to the Hall of Heroes. At the time of the dedication, the Hall of Heroes was located on the Pentagon's second floor, A Ring, overlooking the courtyard. As part of the Pentagon's renovation, the Hall of Heroes was moved to its current location on the main concourse.
The Hall of Heroes is also used for promotions, retirements, and other types of award ceremonies.
Services.
The Pentagon has over 20 of its own fast food operations, including Subway, McDonald's, Dunkin' Donuts, Panda Express, Starbucks and Sbarro, among others. A multibranded KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell restaurant opened in 2003, when renovations to the food court were completed. Food services are managed by the Navy Exchange. The Center Courtyard Cafe reopened in the spring of 2008, replacing the "Ground Zero Cafe" snack bar that was previously there.
The "Pentagon Athletic Center" (PAC), a fitness center for military and civilian staff, opened in 2004 adjacent to the north side of the Pentagon, replacing the Pentagon Officers Athletic Club (POAC) which had operated for 55 years in a structure between Route 110 and the parade grounds. Each year, the Pentagon grounds are a major focus for hosting the Marine Corps Marathon and the Army Ten-Miler running events.
There is a "Meditation and Prayer Room" in the Pentagon, which was dedicated on December 14, 1970, by Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird.
In conjunction with the 1976 American Bicentennial, the Pentagon began offering guided tours to the general public. Tours were suspended after the September 11, 2001 attacks, but are currently available on an arranged basis to the general public.
Other uses.
The Pentagon and its parking lots are used as a staging area for a number of large events, including the Army Ten-Miler, the Marine Corps Marathon and Rolling Thunder motorcycle ride. In 2005 the Department of Defense organized the "America Supports Your Freedom Walk" in the parking lot, an event held to show solidarity with the department's current and former employees.
The roads of the Pentagon Reservation are routinely used daily by thousands of commuters between Arlington, Virginia and Washington, DC.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20740992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740992" title="The Morrigan's Call">
The Morrigan's Call

"The Morrigan's Call" is an album by Celtic metal band Cruachan released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20740997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20740997" title="Dornice">
Dornice

Dornice is a small settlement southwest of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20741011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741011" title="Kneale">
Kneale

Kneale is a surname of Manx origin. The name is an Anglicisation of the Gaelic "Mac Néill", meaning "son of "Niall"". 

</doc>
<doc id="20741012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741012" title="Ministry of Religious Affairs (Pakistan)">
Ministry of Religious Affairs (Pakistan)

The Ministry of Religious Affairs is a government agency of Pakistan responsible for religious matters such as pilgrimage outside Pakistan, especially to India for Ziarat and Saudi Arabia for Umrah and Hajj. It is also responsible for the welfare and safety of pilgrims. The agency has its headquarters in Islamabad. The current Federal Minister of Religious Affairs is Shahzada Jamal Nazir. The ministry is composed of several subordinate bodies including the Directorate of Hajj, the Council of Islamic Ideology, and the Madrassah Education Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20741014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741014" title="Pentagon">
Pentagon

In geometry, a pentagon (from "pente" and "gonia", which is Greek for "five" and "angle") is any five-sided polygon. A pentagon may be simple or self-intersecting. The sum of the internal angles in a simple pentagon is 540°. A pentagram is an example of a self-intersecting pentagon.
Regular pentagons.
In a regular pentagon, all sides are equal in length and each interior angle is 108°. A regular pentagon has five lines of reflectional symmetry, and rotational symmetry of order 5 (through 72°, 144°, 216° and 288°). Its Schläfli symbol is {5}. The diagonals of a regular pentagon are in golden ratio to its sides.
The area of a regular convex pentagon with side length "t" is given by
A pentagram or pentangle is a regular star pentagon. Its Schläfli symbol is {5/2}. Its sides form the diagonals of a regular convex pentagon – in this arrangement the sides of the two pentagons are in the golden ratio.
When a regular pentagon is inscribed in a circle with radius "R", its edge length "t" is given by the expression
Derivation of the area formula.
The area of any regular polygon is:
where "P" is the perimeter of the polygon, "a" is the apothem. One can then substitute the respective values for "P" and "a", which makes the formula:
with "t" as the given side length. Then we can then rearrange the formula as:
and then, we combine the two terms to get the final formula, which is:
Derivation of the diagonal length formula.
The diagonals of a regular pentagon (hereby represented by "D") can be calculated based upon the golden ratio φ and the known side "T" (see discussion of the pentagon in Golden ratio):
Accordingly:
Chords from the circumscribing circle to the vertices.
If a regular pentagon with successive vertices A, B, C, D, E is inscribed in a circle, and if P is any point on that circle between points B and C, then PA + PD = PB + PC + PE.
Construction of a regular pentagon.
A variety of methods are known for constructing a regular pentagon. Some are discussed below.
Euclid's methods.
A regular pentagon is constructible using a compass and straightedge, either by inscribing one in a given circle or constructing one on a given edge. This process was described by Euclid in his "Elements" circa 300 BC.
Richmond's method.
One method to construct a regular pentagon in a given circle is described by Richmond and further discussed in Cromwell's "Polyhedra."
Verification.
The top panel describes the construction used in the animation above to create the side of the inscribed pentagon. The circle defining the pentagon has unit radius. Its center is located at point "C" and a midpoint "M" is marked halfway along its radius. This point is joined to the periphery vertically above the center at point "D". Angle "CMD" is bisected, and the bisector intersects the vertical axis at point "Q". A horizontal line through "Q" intersects the circle at point "P", and chord "PD" is the required side of the inscribed pentagon.
To determine the length of this side, the two right triangles "DCM" and "QCM" are depicted below the circle. Using Pythagoras' theorem and two sides, the hypotenuse of the larger triangle is found as formula_9. Side "h" of the smaller triangle then is found using the half-angle formula:
where cosine and sine of "ϕ" are known from the larger triangle. The result is:
With this side known, attention turns to the lower diagram to find the side "s" of the regular pentagon. First, side "a" of the right-hand triangle is found using Pythagoras' theorem again:
Then "s" is found using Pythagoras' theorem and the left-hand triangle as:
The side "s" is therefore:
a well established result. Consequently, this construction of the pentagon is valid.
Alternative method.
An alternative method is this:
Carlyle circles.
"See main article": Carlyle circle
The Carlyle circle was invented as a geometric method to find the roots of a quadratic equation. This methodology leads to a procedure for constructing a regular pentagon. The steps are as follows:
Steps 6-8 are equivalent to the following version, shown in the animation:
Direct method.
A direct method using degrees follows:
After forming a regular convex pentagon, if one joins the non-adjacent corners (drawing the diagonals of the pentagon), one obtains a pentagram, with a smaller regular pentagon in the center. Or if one extends the sides until the non-adjacent sides meet, one obtains a larger pentagram. The accuracy of this method depends on the accuracy of the protractor used to measure the angles.
Cyclic pentagons.
A cyclic pentagon is one for which a circle called the circumcircle goes through all five vertices. The regular pentagon is an example of a cyclic pentagon. The area of a cyclic pentagon, whether regular or not, can be expressed as one fourth the square root of one of the roots of a septic equation whose coefficients are functions of the sides of the pentagon. 
There exist cyclic pentagons with rational sides and rational area; these are called Robbins pentagons. In a Robbins pentagon, either all diagonals are rational or all are irrational, and it is conjectured that all the diagonals must be rational.
Graphs.
The K5 complete graph is often drawn as a "regular pentagon" with all 10 edges connected. This graph also represents an orthographic projection of the 5 vertices and 10 edges of the 5-cell. The rectified 5-cell, with vertices at the mid-edges of the 5-cell is projected inside a pentagon.
Pentagons in tiling.
A pentagon cannot appear in any tiling made by regular polygons. To prove a pentagon cannot form a regular tiling (one in which all faces are congruent), observe that , which is not a whole number. More difficult is proving a pentagon cannot be in any edge-to-edge tiling made by regular polygons:
There are no combinations of regular polygons with 4 or more meeting at a vertex that contain a pentagon. For combinations with 3, if 3 polygons meet at a vertex and one has an odd number of sides, the other 2 must be congruent. The reason for this is that the polygons that touch the edges of the pentagon must alternate around the pentagon, which is impossible because of the pentagon's odd number of sides. For the pentagon, this results in a polygon whose angles are all . To find the number of sides this polygon has, the result is , which is not a whole number. Therefore, a pentagon cannot appear in any tiling made by regular polygons.

</doc>
<doc id="20741026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741026" title="Taira no Tokiko">
Taira no Tokiko


</doc>
<doc id="20741029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741029" title="Koseze, Vodice">
Koseze, Vodice

Koseze () is a small settlement southeast of Vodice on the road to Mengeš in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20741035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741035" title="Low Wee Wern">
Low Wee Wern

Low Wee Wern, () (born July 25, 1990 in Penang, Malaysia) is a professional squash player who represents Malaysia. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 6 in March 2013.
Personal life.
Wee Wern attended Methodist Girls' School, Penang for her Primary school years before moving to Sri Pelita for her Secondary school years. She also has a sister Low Wee Nee who has taken a break from a Professional career in squash to focus on her academics.
Career.
Early Years.
Wee Wern began playing squash at the age of nine and is based at the Penang International Squash Centre in Bukit Dumbar, Penang.
Between 2001 to 2006, Wee Wern bagged 19 Junior titles including U19 Asian Junior and Pioneer Cup titles in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20741076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741076" title="Squaregraph">
Squaregraph

In graph theory, a branch of mathematics, a squaregraph is a type of undirected graph that can be drawn in the plane in such a way that every bounded face is a quadrilateral and every vertex with three or fewer neighbors is incident to an unbounded face.
Related graph classes.
The squaregraphs include as special cases trees, grid graphs, gear graphs, and the graphs of polyominos.
As well as being planar graphs, squaregraphs are median graphs, meaning that for every three vertices "u", "v", and "w" there is a unique median vertex "m"("u","v","w") that lies on shortest paths between each pair of the three vertices. As with median graphs more generally, squaregraphs are also partial cubes: their vertices can be labeled with binary strings such that the Hamming distance between strings is equal to the shortest path distance between vertices.
Characterization.
Squaregraphs may be characterized in several ways other than via their planar embeddings:
Algorithms.
The characterization of squaregraphs in terms of distance from a root and links of vertices can be used together with breadth first search as part of a linear time algorithm for testing whether a given graph is a squaregraph, without any need to use the more complex linear-time algorithms for planarity testing of arbitrary graphs.
Several algorithmic problems on squaregraphs may be computed more efficiently than in more general planar or median graphs; for instance, and present linear time algorithms for computing the diameter of squaregraphs, and for finding a vertex minimizing the maximum distance to all other vertices.

</doc>
<doc id="20741083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741083" title="Polje pri Vodicah">
Polje pri Vodicah

Polje pri Vodicah () is a village south of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Polje" to "Polje pri Vodicah" in 1955. In the 19th century the German name was "Pole".

</doc>
<doc id="20741092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741092" title="Donna Urquhart">
Donna Urquhart

Donna Belle Urquhart (born 19 December 1986) is a professional squash player who represented Australia. 
Urquhart was born in Yamba, New South Wales. As a junior she won 5 Australian Junior titles and was the Runner-up at the Scottish and British Junior Opens in 2002 & 2003. She played for her country at the 2003 World Junior Women's Championships in Egypt where, at age 16, she made the last 16 of the individual draw, and was the runner-up in the teams event.
She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 16 in June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20741100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741100" title="Benevolent Assimilation (book)">
Benevolent Assimilation (book)

"Benevolent Assimilation": The American Conquest of the Philippines, 1899-1903 is a non-fiction book documenting the history of the Philippine–American War by Stuart Creighton Miller (1927–2010), a professor at San Francisco State University, published in 1982 by Yale University Press. The title refers to U.S. President William McKinley's "Benevolent Assimilation" proclamation of December 21, 1898 of the 1898 invasion of the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="20741135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741135" title="Clague">
Clague

Clague is a surname of Manx origin. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20741142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741142" title="Povodje">
Povodje

Povodje is a small dispersed settlement south of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Cestni Rebov and Gmajniški Rebov.
Geography.
The settlement consists of two groups of houses in a valley. Little Peak (, 485 m) rises above the settlement, and Gameljščica Creek flows through the settlement, fed by two tributaries: Poljšak and Dobraca creeks. The soil is loamy and there are fields on the west side of the settlement.
History.
The remains of a Roman fortification in the Povodje attest to early settlement of the area. In 1953, the Slovenian Fishing Association () built a trout hatchery along Gameljščica Creek at the site of an abandoned mill.
Cultural heritage.
A plague column stands at the north edge of the settlement, at the border with neighboring Skaručna and the intersection with the road to Vojsko. The column is carved from sandstone and is believed to date from the 17th century.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Povodje include:

</doc>
<doc id="20741146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741146" title="Issifou Okoulou-Kantchati">
Issifou Okoulou-Kantchati

Issifou Okoulou-Kantchati (born 23 January 1951) is a Togolese politician, currently serving in the government of Togo as Minister of City Planning and Housing.
Biography.
Okoulou-Kantchati was born in Mango, located in the Oti Prefecture of Togo. He studied in France and became a member of the Central Committee of the Rally of the Togolese People (RPT) in 1977. In the 1990s, Okoulou-Kantchati headed the Alliance of Democrats for the Republic (ADR), a political party. He was Quaestor of the High Council of the Republic, which was established as the transitional parliament in 1991. In an August 1996 by-election for a seat in the National Assembly from Oti, Okoulou-Kantchati, standing as the ADR candidate, placed second in the first round, receiving 32.89% of the vote against 40.19% for RPT candidate Stanislas Baba. Baba then narrowly defeated him in the second round, receiving 51.41% of the vote.
Okoulou-Kantchati later joined the RPT. In the March 1999 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as the RPT candidate in the First Constituency of Oti Prefecture; he faced no opposition and won the seat with 100% of the vote. He was re-elected to the National Assembly in the October 2002 parliamentary election and served as President of the Finance Commission in the National Assembly. On 29 July 2003, Okoulou-Kantchati was appointed to the government as Minister of Energy and Water Resources.
His house in Mango was attacked by opposition supporters amidst the violence that surrounded the April 2005 presidential election. After that election, he was moved to the post of Minister of the Environment and Forest Resources on 20 June 2005. He was the first candidate on the RPT's candidate list for Oti constituency in the October 2007 parliamentary election and won a seat. At the time of the election, he was the RPT Coordinator in Savanes Region. Following the election, he was designated as one of seven members of a committee to amend the National Assembly's rules of procedure on 14 November 2007. He remained in the government that was formed after the election in December 2007. 
Okoulou-Kantchati remained in his post as Minister of the Environment and Forest Resources until 15 September 2008, when he was instead appointed as Minister of City Planning and Housing.

</doc>
<doc id="20741166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741166" title="Swami Swarupananda">
Swami Swarupananda

Swami Swarupananda (July 8, 1871 – 1906) was a direct monastic disciple of Swami Vivekananda and the first president of the Advaita Ashrama, set up by Vivekananda in 1899 at Mayavati, near Almora. The ashram was a branch of the religious monastic order, Ramakrishna Math, also set up by Vivekananda on the teachings of his guru Ramakrishna.
Swarupananda remained as editor of "Prabuddha Bharata", an English-language monthly journal of the Ramakrishna Order, when it shifted base from Chennai in 1898 and remained so till 1906.
Swami Vivekananda exclaimed to Sara Bull and other friends about the young disciple whom he had initiated into the monastic order, "we have made an acquisition today."
Pre Monastic Life.
Swarupananda's pre monastic name was Ajay Hari Bannerjee. He was born on 8 July 1871 at Bhawanipur in Calcutta, in a well to do Brahmin family. Early experiences with sorrows and tribulations in life and human misery inspired him to develop a spiritual outlook.
He developed friendship with Satishchandra Mukherjee, who was in his later years a patriot and a scholar and together started a school for imparting knowledge of Indian scriptures and Sanskrit education. The aim of the school was spread noble ideas among student community. They also started a monthly magazine, named as Dawn and Ajay became its first editor. In 1897 Ajay inspired his friend Satishchandra to start the Dawn Society. The journal Dawn had made a lot of contribution to national education and to the freedom movement. Till Ajay Hari embraced monastic life, he and Satishchandra acted as joint editors.
Meeting with Swami Vivekananda.
Ajay first met Swami Vivekananda after the latter's return to India, in April–May 1897, in Nilambar Mukherjee's Garden House in Belur. He met the Swami several times, before the latter initiated him into the monastic order. According to Swami Swarupananda's diary, he was initiated into the vow of renunciation on March 29, 1898, Tuesday.
Advaita Ashrama and Prabuddha Bharata: Contributions.
Swarupananda was married early in his youth but continued to live as a Brahmachari or celibate at his parents' home in Calcutta. After three or four visits to the Belur Math, he decided to leave home and become a full-time disciple of Vivekananda, and within a few days of his stay at the Math, he was initiated into the monastic order, (sanyas), by Vivekananda on 29 March 1898.
Meanwhile, John Henry Sevier who had earlier come in contact with Vivekananda during his visit to London and become his disciple, travelled to India with Vivekananda, along with his wife Charlotte. Sevier, with the help of Swarupananda, found an old tea estate suitable for the Ashram, at Mayavati, near Almora in July 1898. Soon the land was purchased and construction commenced. The Advaita Ashrama had its formal opening on 19 March 1899, which happened to be the birth anniversary of Ramakrishna (Hindu calendar), that year, with Swarupananda its first head upon.
Sister Nivedita had become a monastic disciple of Vivekananda when she took sanyas four days prior to Swarupananda at Belur, in March–April 1898. Swarupananda taught her Bengali and Hindu religious literature every day. Later at Almora under his guidance she started reading the Bhagavad Gita.
The publication of "Prabuddha Bharata, the Official Journal of the Ramakrishna Order" was halted abruptly due to the death of its editor B. R. Rajam Iyer, who was only twenty-four years old, on 13 May 1898 in Chennai. Vivekananda, who was then resting at Almora, asked Servier and his wife to revive the magazine. The next issue of the magazine was published from Thompson house in Almora town in August 1898 with Swarupananda as its editor, then in 1899 it shifted base with the opening of the ashram in a secluded hilly region in Mayavati, near Almora.
During his editorship, Prabuddha Bharata became a powerful medium for disseminating ideals of Sri Ramakrishna and Swami Vivekananda and earned much appreciation from the intellectuals. Swami Vivekananda had also praised Swarupananda's work in one of his letters.
Swarupananda became the president of the Mayavati ashrama. He was very close to Capt. and Mrs. Sevier. The most memorable event during his tenure was the visit of Swami Vivekananda to Mayavati in January 1901, after his return from his second visit to the West. He discussed about his ideas of the work to be carried out from the Ashrama with Swami Swarupananda.
Swami Swarupananda was keen to work for the upliftment of the tribal and the poor people in the region. He initiated education of hill people in modern methods of cultivation to address their acute poverty and shortage of food. He established two schools, one in Mayavati and the other in the village of Shore for the local children. He also started a charitable dispensary which even today serves the people of the region. He also arranged to teach Hindi and English to the tribal employees of the Ashrama. He would travel to Nainital, Almora and other places to spread both secular and spiritual knowledge among local people.
In 1899 he worked to provide relief to the local people who were affected by a terrible famine in the Kishangarh area, near Jaipur. There he worked with Swami Kalyanananda, his brother disciple. He also begged from door to door in Nainital for Swami Kalyanananda to enable him to serve the old and sick monks and poor people in Haridwar and Rishikesh. In 1902 he went to Allahabad for giving lectures on Vedanta and inspired the local people to start a permanent centre there. In 1905 when the Dharmashala region was hit by a severe earthquake, Swarupananda collected funds for the relief work and directed the work.
He was regular in his spiritual practices and austerities, apart from the various secular activities that kept him engaged. he built a hut near the ashrama which came to be known as Swarupananda hut, for the purpose of meditating in seclusion. He worked among youth and students to spread the message of Swami Vivekananda. He was also invited by the His Highness of Baroda to preach Vedanta, together with Swami Vivekananda. But Vivekananda could not come owing to his ill health. Another important project in which Swarupananda worked was collection and publication of Swami Vivekananda's works, but he could not finish it owing to his short lifespan. As a distinguished scholar he wrote several articles in Prabuddha Bharata and strongly rebutted the criticisms of a certain Professor Fraser on Swami Vivekananda in Hindustan Review magazine. He authored the translation of Bhagavad Gita in English.
Last Days.
The location of Mayavati however didn't suit Swarupananda well, as the constant uphill and downhill of Mayavati terrain, took a toll on his heart. In November 1901 he was recuperating in Calcutta with Vivekananda; while he continued to edit the magazine and run the ashram for another six years until his 1906 death in Nainital. He suffered from pneumonia after being drenched by rain while traveling to Nainital and passed away on 27 June 1906. His obituary in Prabuddha Bharata was written by Sister Nivedita.

</doc>
<doc id="20741167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741167" title="Cantaro">
Cantaro

The cantaro is a percussion instrument. It is a clay pot that is struck in its outer surface or mouth with a hand, creating different effects. Water can be used to pitch the instrument to a desired sound.
In Mexico, particularly in the states of Guerrero and Oaxaca, it is used to accompany chilenas, sones, parabienes, gustos, minuetes, jarabes oaxaqueños, and danzas indígenas. The cantaro is also used in the fandangos mixtecos of Puebla. 

</doc>
<doc id="20741168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741168" title="Anna Melikian">
Anna Melikian

Anna Melikian (Анна Меликян) (born February 8, 1976, Baku, Soviet Union) is an Armenian film and TV director/ producer whose work has been recognized with several awards. After her participation at Sundance Film Festival she was listed in the TOP 10 of most perspective film directors by "Variety" magazine.
Melikian studied at the All-Russian State University of Cinematography film school in Moscow (classes of prof. Sergey Solovyov and Valery Rubinchik), where she was awarded by the university prize of "Saint Anna" for "Poste restante" (2000). After the graduation she was granted by "GosKino" Russian organization, made various documental and TV films. In 2008 Melikian's "Rusalka" (2007) was awarded by the Berlin International Film Festival Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20741176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741176" title="Mohd Nafiizwan Adnan">
Mohd Nafiizwan Adnan

Mohd Nafiizwan Mohd Adnan, (born April 24, 1986 in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu) is a professional squash player who represented Malaysia. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 30 in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20741186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741186" title="Richard Salwey">
Richard Salwey

Richard Salwey (1615 – 1685?) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1659. He was a republican in politics and fought on the Parliamentary side in the English Civil War.
Life.
Salwey was the son of Humphrey Salwey of Stanford Court at Stanford-on-Teme, Worcestershire and his wife Anne Littleton, daughter of Sir Edward Littleton and Mary Fisher of Pillaton Hall, Staffordshire. His father was a lawyer and MP for Worcestershire. Salwey became a grocer and merchant in London.
Salwey's father was active in the parliamentary cause, and Salwey became a major in the Parliamentarian army. In 1645, he was elected Member of Parliament for Appleby. He made his name in parliamentary affairs as member of the commissions on Irish matters. In 1647 he travelled with Sir Thomas Wharton, Sir Robert King, Sir John Clotworthy, and Sir Robert Meredith to negotiate with the Duke of Ormond. He was a commissioner for the Tender of Union in 1651. The beginning of the First Anglo-Dutch War saw a shake-up of the naval organisation, after defeat at the Battle of Dungeness, and with Henry Vane and George Thomson, Salwey and his ally John Carew made up the group of four effectively overseeing the Navy for Parliament.
Salwey was a supporter of Oliver Cromwell, but broke with him at the end of the Rump Parliament, together with Francis Allen. He was a member of Barebone's Parliament, nominated for Worcestershire. He clashed with Cromwell in April 1653; and he lost his Navy position at the end of the year in a general Admiralty change. He was appointed to the new Council of State formed after the Rump was dissolved, but boycotted its meetings.
From 1654 he was out of the country as English ambassador in Constantinople.
In 1659 Salwey was active again in parliament as a member of the restored Rump parliament. He became a member of committee of the Committee of Safety and Council of State, in May of that year, and a commissioner for the Navy. The Committee sent him with Sir Henry Vane as heads of a delegation to John Lawson, a refractory republican Vice-Admiral, without success. On 16 January 1660 he with William Sydenham was expelled from Parliament; he was sent to the Tower of London.
After the Restoration he was suspected of complicity in the Farnley Wood Plot, in 1663-4.
Salwey married in 1641 Anne Waring, the daughter of Richard Waring, grocer and a London alderman involved in the Levant Company. He had the resources to build a country house at Haye Park in Shropshire, and his residence is often given as the neighbouring Richard’s Castle, over the county boundary in Herefordshire; his son of the same name then built nearby at Moor Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20741237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741237" title="Four boxes of liberty">
Four boxes of liberty

The four boxes of liberty is a meme that proposes: "There are four boxes to be used in the defense of liberty: soap, ballot, jury and ammo. Please use in that order." 
Concepts and phrases evolve and are applied in new ways. 
The "four boxes" meme always includes the ballot, jury and cartridge (or ammo) boxes. Additional boxes, when specified, have sometimes been the bandbox, soapbox, moving box, or lunch box. 
The meme in various forms has been used in arguments about tariff abolition, the rights of African Americans, women's suffrage, environmentalism and gun control.
Origins.
Stephen Decatur Miller may have originated the concept during a speech at Stateburg, South Carolina in September 1830. He said "There are three and only three ways to reform our Congressional legislation, familiarly called, the ballot box, the jury box and the cartridge box".
This became his campaign slogan in his successful bid for the Senate on a platform advocating the abolition of tariffs.
An 1849 edition of the "Family Favorite and Temperance Journal" extended the concept: "Four boxes govern the world:—cartridge box, ballot box, jury box, and band box".
The bandbox, originally designed to hold collar bands, was used to carry the elaborate women's hats of the time as well as many other personal items.
The quip was reproduced in the 25 December 1869 edition of the "Spirit of the Times" newspaper and in the 1881 "Treasury of wisdom, wit and humor, odd comparisons and proverbs".
William F. Butler, an African American leader, used the concept in a speech he delivered in November 1867 in Lexington, Kentucky, saying: "First we had the cartridge box, now we want the ballot box, and soon we will get the jury box".
Butler was referring to the fact that African Americans had fought in the Unionist forces in the American Civil War, but were still facing opposition to being treated as full citizens.
A version that is close to the modern forms was introduced by Frederick Douglass, an escaped slave who became an influential public figure in the Union States and Great Britain before the Civil War, and had a long and distinguished career after the war.
In a speech delivered on 15 November 1867, Douglass said "A man's rights rest in three boxes. The ballot box, jury box and the cartridge box. Let no man be kept from the ballot box because of his color. Let no woman be kept from the ballot box because of her sex".
In Douglass's autobiography the Life and Times of Frederick Douglass, published in 1892, he described his conviction that a freedman should become more than just a freedman, and should become a citizen. He repeated that "the liberties of the American people were dependent upon the ballot-box, the jury-box, and the cartridge-box; that without these no class of people could live and flourish in this country..."
The "Altamont Enterprise" revived the old saw of the cartridge box, ballot box and bandbox in 1909 when reporting a discussion between the newspaper editor Horace Greeley and the early campaigner for women's rights, Elizabeth Cody Stanton.
Greeley proposed that the bullet box and ballot box went together, and asked Stanton if she would be prepared to fight if she had the vote.
Stanton retorted that she would fight as he did, with her pen.
The article went on to describe the case of Abigail Hopper Gibbons, who as a landowner and taxpayer was sent an official form asking her to give reasons why she was not eligible for jury duty. She replied, "I know of none". However, at this time women were barred from the jury box, the ballot box and the cartridge box.
Some women rejected the feminist position. The anti-suffragette Emily Bissell saw involvement in the boxes of liberty as inappropriate for women. She wrote "The vote is part of man's work. Ballot-box, cartridge box, jury box, sentry box all go together in his part of life. Women cannot step in and take the responsibilities and duties of voting without assuming his place very largely".
The moving box represents the right of migration, contrasted with the other boxes in phrases such as "fight or flight" and “Exit, Voice, and Loyalty”, Albert O. Hirschman's book about one’s two (peaceful) options when suffering dissatisfaction in a group. Migration is a major theme of American history, most famously in the arrival of freedom-seeking colonists from Europe, the pioneers (including the Mormon pioneers) moving west, and The Great Migration of southern blacks, first to the North and then to the West. In “Shouting Fire”, Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz generally prioritizes the freedom of speech, but states, “To the Jew, however, the right to emigrate has always been of transcendent importance... The 'wandering Jew' has escaped persecution by moving from country to country...” Internal migration in the US remains significant to the present day, with Americans seeking states with more suitable legal, economic, and cultural environments.
Commentary.
In a commentary on Leonard Levy's book "Origins of the Bill of Rights" (1999), Brian C. Kalt of the Michigan State University College of Law argues that the meme simply expresses the intent of the United States Bill of Rights to enshrine and protect the popular sovereignty. It succinctly defines the four methods by which the people can stand up for their rights.
Taking a less positive view of the meme, in April 2010 the Anti-Defamation League noted that it is frequently used by anti-government extremists to justify violence to gain their ends on the grounds that all else has failed, and cites a typical comment on the Pat Dollard Web Site: "we've tried the soap box & the ballot box to no avail. Maybe it's time to start thinking INSIDE the box - the bullet box".
In their book "For the People: What the Constitution Really Says About Your Rights", Akhil Reed Amar and Alan Hirsch introduce a variation on the theme. Discussing the American Constitution, they assert that the ideal of citizenship generates four "boxes" of rights. The first three are the familiar ballot box, jury box and cartridge box. To these, with some reservations, they add the lunch box: the idea of a social safety net that supports basic physical and educational needs.
Modern usage.
"Time Magazine" reported that the meme was used in September 1976 by a keynote speaker at a convention of the American Independent Party, a coalition of right-wing forces. Although delegates disagreed on some issues, including the extent to which the USA should be active in foreign affairs, all agreed with the meme.
During a March 1991 dinner event organized by the Green River Cattlemen's Association in Wyoming, James G. Watt said, "If the troubles from environmentalists cannot be solved in the jury box or at the ballot box, perhaps the cartridge box should be used."
The phrase has been attributed to Ed Howdershelt, who self-publishes science fiction novels on the Internet.
Larry McDonald, a politician from Georgia and former president of the John Birch Society has also been quoted, omitting the caution to use bullets as the last resort: "We have four boxes with which to defend our freedom: the soap box, the ballot box, the jury box, and the cartridge box".
The term is used in newspaper articles, and has been used in a petition to the Supreme Court of California.
"Four boxes" and derivatives have been used in the name of various websites that espouse patriotism and the right to bear arms.
The "United States Militia", a pro-gun lobby, promotes the concept,
as do various other conservative organizations such as the Florida based Liberty Club of Duval County.
The meme has been quoted on many other pro-gun websites.
"The Four Boxes" is even the subject of a poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20741243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741243" title="MBC Max">
MBC Max

MBC Max (branded as MBC MAX) is a free-to-air movie channel that broadcasts non-stop Hollywood films (and sometimes films from other countries) 24/7 and it is an alternative to its sister channel MBC 2.
The aim of MBC Max is to broadcast more choices of films, including more MBC premieres and first-time-on-TVs, for MBC's audience in the Middle East and North Africa. However, the films features on MBC Max seem milder in content than the films featured on MBC 2, although the pre-launch promotion hinted that MBC Max was created for a wider range of film audiences.
MBC Max HD launched on July 1, 2011.
Debut.
The other channels of the MBC Group had been promoting MBC Max for a little over a month before its official release. A trial broadcast was launched on October 22, 2008, and during that time it simply showed its own promotional TV ad in a loop. The channel was finally officially launched on October 26 at 7:00 pm U.A.E. time. Its first film was "Spider-Man".
Differences between MBC 2 and MBC Max.
As mentioned earlier, MBC Max shows films with milder content than on MBC 2, which means MBC Max may not show horror films and related genres. MBC Max does not show any film that contains extreme forms of violence. MBC Max even has slightly more censorship than MBC 2, but mostly with audio simply to remove the majority of a certain film's bad language, as well as bigger cuts of kissing and other sexual scenes.
MBC Max also features MBC 3 prints of animated and family films, always broadcasting in the middle of the afternoon U.A.E. time, as these films feature the same MBC 3-based, higher-level censorship. (This only applies to films that were originally on MBC 3, as the animated and family films that premiered on MBC Max did not feature such censorship, even though many of those films later appeared on MBC 3, unsurprisingly featuring censorship.)
Despite MBC Max's reputation for broadcasting mild films, it does however broadcast certain R-rated films, such as dramas and comedies like "Me, Myself & Irene", albeit the audio was heavily edited since the film contained strong language. It is only important that films do not feature extreme visual violence, and sexual themes are mostly censored anyway. This limit, however, is lifted in MBC Max's new dubbed films package.
Additionally, MBC Max broadcasts classical films more often than MBC 2, since the majority of Hollywood films from the 1960s and before are considered mild by today's standards.
Special broadcasts.
Occasionally, MBC Max would broadcast special film packages giving it a greater speciality value than its sister channel MBC 2.
Disney's animated films.
Originally once established on MBC 2 for a limited time in 2008, MBC Max, in association with sister channel MBC 3, began a scheduled weekly broadcast of a mix of Disney's and Disney/Pixar's animated films. This was done in response to the great and historic popularity of Disney's animated films amongst Arab children and adults alike. In a form of a "bonded-broadcast", every week a single, chosen Disney film would be simultaneously broadcast on both MBC Max and MBC 3, whilst being in its original English track and Arabic dub respectively on each channel.
Despite retaining the English language on MBC Max, the film would still feature Arabic subtitles. This package ran for a time after its "Max-debut" in April 2009, but due to positive response the package has returned in October 2009. Originally, since the particular Disney film is being broadcast in the afternoon U.A.E. time, MBC Max had easily established the MBC 3 print of that particular film which features MBC 3's high-level censorship, but apparently the MBC 3-level censorship is non-existent in the current run on MBC Max, possibly after complaints from its older audience for such absurd censorship.
This package is mostly based on MBC 3's staff decisions, as MBC Max would occasionally, but seldom, broadcast Disney's animated films during other times, although this package insures a weekly appearance of an animated Disney film on MBC Max, regardless of any other schedules.
This package is currently closed as of the end of December 2009.
Dubbed films.
After debuting in October 2009, MBC Max was scheduled to make a weekly broadcast, every Thursday, of a selection of highly-noted Hollywood films and other acclaimed films that are dubbed rather than subtitled in Arabic. Depending on the nature of the film genre, the dubbing is either in standard Arabic, or features a dialect. Oddly, the selection of dubbed films are the type of films that naturally do not get broadcast on MBC Max due to their extreme violent nature.
Starting from January 9, 2010, MBC Max now features one dubbed film at the usual timings every day of the week, including Fridays, which now features MBC Max's new Bollywood films package. Any film outside of Thursday will retain to comply with MBC Max's standardised content, but they can still also be watched in their original languages. The currently known Thursday selection of August 2010 includes:
Around April 2010, with MBC Max's increased library of dubbed films, MBC apparently are now giving more random schedules for films with Arabic dubs, alongside the usual schedules. This is most likely due to the increased popularity and interest in the dubbing of American films.
Despite the fact MBC created this package for the entertainment of watching dubbed Hollywood films, nevertheless they gave their viewers a choice of switching audio tracks if they want to watch these particular films in their original English tracks, as well as adding subtitles for the viewers who can support this feature. It is currently unknown if this package is permanent. It is likely all the dubbing was produced in-house, which would most likely be the reason why MBC retains exclusivity to these dubbed films/audio tracks as they do not appear anywhere else, and it seems apparent the dubbing was primarily performed by Syrian voice-actors.
Bollywood films.
After debuting on January 15, 2010, MBC Max is scheduled to make a weekly broadcast, every Friday, of a selection of Hindi films. However, these films will be primarily available dubbed in Arabic for MBC Max's majority Arab audience. The currently known selection of August 2010 includes:
This package is partially jointed with MBC Max's dubbed films package. Which means despite the fact MBC created this package for the entertainment of watching dubbed Bollywood films, nevertheless they gave their viewers a choice of switching audio tracks if they want to watch these particular films in their original Hindi tracks, as well as adding subtitles for the viewers who can support this feature.
Ramadan Broadcasting.
Beginning from this Ramadan, MBC MAX is playing movies without commercial breaks, although, some movies may have a one-minute break every once in a while.
Logos and Idents.
Idents.
The channel brought a set of new idents in January 2010, focusing on the 3D theme. These new idents were loved by nearly everyone, it made viewers more interested in the programming of the channel. The new set includes action, romance and various themed idents, including next tags, and movie name tags (used between the movie and the commercial breaks, the name of the currently playing movie will be written on that movie name tag), and a schedule of what's coming up in the next few hours.

</doc>
<doc id="20741246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741246" title="Borja Golán">
Borja Golán

Borja Golán, (born 6 January 1983 in Santiago de Compostela) is a professional squash player who represents Spain. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 6 in February 2014.
Career overview.
In August 2009, in the Colombian Open final, Borja suffered serious injury to his right knee that will keep him out of action for six months. He reached the top ten World Ranking the month following the tournament.
About three years later, in 2013, he succeeded to climb back into the top 10. In November, he reached the semi-final of the Qatar Classic winning in quarter-final against the seed No1 Gregory Gaultier in a tense and controversial match. And in December, he was runner-up of the Hong Kong Open against Nick Matthew, his first PSA World Series final.

</doc>
<doc id="20741256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741256" title="Danish design">
Danish design

Danish Design is a style of functionalistic design and architecture that was developed in mid-20th century. Influenced by the German Bauhaus school, many Danish designers used the new industrial technologies, combined with ideas of simplicity and functionalism to design buildings, furniture and household objects, many of which have become iconic and are still in use and production. Prominent examples are the Egg chair, the PH lamps and the Sydney Opera House (Australia).
Designers.
Among the most successful designers associated with the concept are Børge Mogensen (1914–72), Finn Juhl (1912–89), Hans Wegner (1914–2007), Arne Jacobsen (1902–71), Poul Kjærholm (1929–80), Poul Henningsen (1894–67) and Verner Panton (1926–98).
Other designers of note include Kristian Solmer Vedel (1923–2003) in the area of industrial design, Jens Harald Quistgaard (1919–2008) for kitchen furniture and implements, Gertrud Vasegaard (1913–2007) for ceramics, and Ole Wanscher (1903–85), who had a classical approach to furniture design.
History.
The Danish Culture Canon credits Thorvald Bindesbøll (1846–1908) with early contributions to design in the areas of ceramics, jewellery, bookbinding, silver and furniture although he is known in the rest of the world for creating the Carlsberg logo (1904), still in use today. The Canon also includes Knud V. Engelhardt (1882–1931) for a more industrial approach, especially in the rounded contours of his electric tramcar designs which were widely copied. In the area of textiles, Marie Gudme Leth (1895–1997) brought the screen printing process to Denmark, opening a factory in 1935 which allowed her colourful patterns to be manufactured on an industrial basis. 
In the late 1940s, shortly after the end of the Second World War, conditions in Denmark were ideally suited to success in design. The emphasis was on furniture but architecture, silver, ceramics, glass and textiles also benefitted from the trend. Denmark's late industrialisation combined with a tradition of high-quality craftsmanship formed the basis of gradual progress towards industrial production. After the end of the war, Europeans were keen to find novel approaches such as the light wood furniture from Denmark. Last but not least, support in Denmark for freedom of individual expression assisted the cause.
The newly established Furniture School at the Royal Danish Academy of Art played a considerable part in the development of furniture design. Kaare Klint taught functionalism based on the size and proportions of objects, wielding considerable influence. Hans J. Wegner, who had been trained as a cabinetmaker, contributed with a unique sense of form, especially in designing chairs.
As head of the cooperative FDB furniture design studio, Børge Mogensen designed simple and robust objects of furniture for the average Danish family. Finn Juhl demonstrated an individualistic approach in designing chairs with an appealing but functional look.
In the early 1950s, the American Charles Eames designed and manufactured chairs of moulded wood and steel pipes. These encouraged Arne Jacobsen to design his worldfamous Ant Chair, Denmark's first industrially manufactured chair.
Poul Kjærholm, Verner Panton and Nanna Ditzel followed a few years later, continuing the successful story of Danish design. Kjærholm worked mainly in steel and leather, Panton left Denmark during the 1960s to continue designing imaginative but highly unconventional plastic chairs while Nanna Ditzel, who also had a strongly individualistic approach, was successful in helping to renew Danish furniture design in the 1980s.
Modern trends.
Danish furniture design failed to make any new important contributions in the 1970s and 1980s. By contrast, industrial designers began to prosper, making use of the basic principles of focus on the user, respect for materials and attention to detail.
The Bernadotte & Bjørn studio, established in 1950, was the first to specialise in industrial design, with an emphasis on office machines, domestic appliances and functional articles such as the thermos jug. The electronics manufacturer Bang & Olufsen, in collaboration with Bernadotte & Bjørn and later with Jacob Jensen and David Lewis, went on to excel in modern design work. Around the same time, the Stelton company collaborated with Arne Jacobsen and Erik Magnussen to produce their iconic vacuum jug, a huge international success.
Another successful design field is medical technology. Danish design companies like 3PART, Designit and CBD have worked in this area with individual designers such as Steve McGugan and Anders Smith.
In 2002 the Danish Government and the City of Copenhagen launched an effort to establish a world event for design in Copenhagen. Originally understood as a tool for branding traditional Danish design, the non-profit organization "INDEX:" shifted focus after worldwide research and coined the concept of Design to Improve Life, which rapidly became celebrated in Denmark and around the world. The organization now hands out the biggest design award in the world biannual in Copenhagen, tours large scale outdoor exhibition around the world, run educational program as well as design labs and hosts a global network.
Today, there is strong focus on design in Denmark as industry increasingly appreciates the importance of design in the business environment. In addition, as part of its trade and industry policy, the Danish government has launched the DesignDenmark initiative which aims to restore Denmark to the international design elite.
Architecture.
Modern architecture has also contributed to the concept of Danish design.
Arne Jacobsen was not just a furniture designer but one of the leading architects of his times. Among his achievements are the Bellevue Theater and restaurant, Klampenborg (1936), the Århus City Hall (with Erik Møller; 1939–42) and the SAS Royal Hotel (1958–60).
Jørn Utzon (1918–2008), Denmark's most widely recognized architect, is remembered for his expressionist Sydney Opera House (1966) and the later Bagsværd Church (1976) with its wavy concrete roof.
Henning Larsen (b. 1925) is the architect who designed the boldly modern Copenhagen Opera House on the island of Holmen which was completed in 2005.
Recent achievements.
Today, the concept of Danish design is thriving in an ever wider number of fields. Among recent highlights are:

</doc>
<doc id="20741275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741275" title="Repnje">
Repnje

Repnje () is a village in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
In the centre of the village is Repnje Castle, built in the late 19th century and now housing a Franciscan convent with an adjacent church. The main church of the settlement is built on a hill above the village. It is dedicated to Saint Giles and a portion of its defense wall, built against Ottoman raids, still survives today.
The Slovene linguist Jernej Kopitar was born in Repnje.

</doc>
<doc id="20741279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741279" title="Laurens Jan Anjema">
Laurens Jan Anjema

Laurens Jan Anjema, (born December 1, 1982 in Den Haag) is a professional squash player from the Netherlands. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 9, after breaking the top 20 in January 2008.
Career overview.
Laurens Jan Anjema won the Bluenose Classic in 2008 in a huge match against Borja Golan in 5 games in the final 8-11, 12-10, 11-5, 4-11, 13-11.
In 2011, Anjema reached the final of the US Open and won the Netsuite Open in San Fransisco aginst Omar Mosaad in the final. At the end of the year, he was qualified to the 2011 PSA World Series Finals, the top 8 players of the PSA World Series in 2011.
In December 2010, he became the first dutchman player to reach the top 10 of the PSA World Rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="20741318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741318" title="Selo pri Vodicah">
Selo pri Vodicah

Selo pri Vodicah is a small settlement in the Municipality of Vodice, just north of Ljubljana, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Selo" to "Selo pri Vodicah" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20741332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741332" title="Wounded Knees">
Wounded Knees

Wounded Knees is a band whose core members are Jimi Shields (formerly of Rollerskate Skinny and Lotus Crown), ex-Mercury Rev flautist Suzanne Thorpe, and Phil Williams (ex-Hopewell).
History.
Shields, based in Dublin, Ireland, and Thorpe, based in Troy, NY, started to collaborate years after their respective former bands had toured together in the 1990s. Thorpe says of her and Shields' decision to start the Wounded Knees, “He told me he was working on some material it turned out that... our ears were at the same place, our emotional states were at the same place, and we were just locked into a similar path. We were feeling pretty empathetic toward each other ”
The Wounded Knees released the "All Rise" EP on limited-edition 10" brown vinyl on Specific Recordings in 2008. "All Rise" was mixed by Kevin Shields and features guitar work by J Mascis on the song, "Dirty (aka Dirty Exploding Sonic Dogfight)".
In the fall of 2008, the Wounded Knees played a handful of tour dates supporting the newly-reformed My Bloody Valentine. In December 2009, the band performed at the My Bloody Valentine-curated All Tomorrow's Parties festival 'A Nightmare Before Christmas'.

</doc>
<doc id="20741336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741336" title="Linux Counter">
Linux Counter

The Linux Counter attempts to measure (ultimately via statistics) the number of people using the GNU/Linux operating system, along with the number of machines those users use. The counter is run by a nonprofit membership organization called the Linux Counter Project. This organization was created on 1 May 1999, taking over the running of the counter from Harald Tveit Alvestrand, who has been running the project since 1993.
Harald Alvestrand is chief executive officer of the organization. Active work is carried out by volunteers. The Country Managers maintain the data for their geographical areas. Coding and maintenance is carried out by teams.
Purpose of the Linux Counter.
The Linux Counter is started as a "for fun" project to find out how many Linux users there are worldwide. The basic idea is for people to register themselves as being a Linux user. Of course, this way you won't get all Linux users counted as not every Linux user will register himself at the Linux Counter site [http://counter.li.org/].
Thus, the only way to "know" the number of Linux users worldwide, is to make a guess, preferably a not-too-wild guess of the number of Linux users. In not making wild guesses, there is only one way to go: statistics.
So, the main purpose of the Linux Counter [http://counter.li.org/] is to deal with statistics on all kinds of numbers related to Linux usage. It started with statistics on the number of Linux users and it extended to statistics on Linux users, the machines they use, software they use and in what part of the world Linux users are actually living.
A second purpose of the Linux Counter is to make it possible for Linux users to find each other. The Linux Counter is reporting Linux users sorted per almost any place in the world. So, when Linux users want their information to be public, you can quite simply find those users who live in places near you.
Attention paid to the Counter.
At the time when Linux first burst into the limelight (around 1999), there were quite a few news articles about the Linux Counter, including three Slashdot articles (the first two of which brought the counter to its knees). Linux Today reported how Microsoft Austria used the site for spamming Linux users; the counter keeps a list of press references, occasionally updated.
New Linux Counter.
As of 2011 the original Linux Counter has been superseded by a new and re-written version linuxcounter.net, by Alexander Löhner (formerly Mieland), which has since been Slashdotted.

</doc>
<doc id="20741383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741383" title="Singaporean general election, 2011">
Singaporean general election, 2011

Singapore's 16th parliamentary general election was held on 7 May 2011. The Parliament of Singapore's maximum term is five years, within which it must be dissolved by the President of Singapore and elections held within three months, as stated in the Constitution of Singapore. Voting is mandatory in Singapore and is based on the first-past-the-post system. Elections are conducted by the Elections Department, which is under the jurisdiction of the Prime Minister’s Office. On 19 April 2011, President S.R. Nathan dissolved parliament. Nomination day was held on 27 April 2011, and for the second election in a row, the PAP was not returned to power on nomination day. This election also marked the first and the only three-cornered fight since 2001 in Punggol East SMC.
The election was described as a "watershed election" in various forms by various parties. The ruling PAP reminded voters that the election will determine "Singapore's next generation of leaders". The Workers' Party called it a "watershed election" both for Singapore and the opposition, as it marked the first time in two decades that the only two incumbent opposition MPs moved out of their respective strongholds and contested in Group Representation Constituencies (GRCs), risking a situation where there would be "no elected opposition MPs". This was despite the elections having the highest proportion of contested seats since independence, with 82 of 87 seats contested (or 94.3%). 2011 was the year that saw the highest number of seats contested since post-independence; with the second being in 1972 when 87.7% of seats were contested (or 57 out of 65 seats), It marked the first electoral contests in Bishan-Toa Payoh (since 1991) and Holland-Bukit Timah, and also marked Tanjong Pagar as the only constituency to remain uncontested since its formation in 1991.
The final results saw a 6.46% swing against the PAP from the 2006 elections to 60.14%, its lowest since independence. While the PAP met most expectations to sweep into power and claim over two-thirds of parliamentary seats, it won 81 out of 87 seats, and lost Aljunied Group Representation Constituency to the Workers' Party of Singapore, the first time a GRC was won by an opposition party. Including the Hougang Single Member Constituency, the Workers' Party ended up with six seats in Parliament, the best opposition parliamentary result since independence.
As six Members of Parliament from the opposition were elected, just three Non-Constituency Member of Parliament seats were offered, one to the Singapore People's Party's Lina Chiam; another to the WP's Yee Jenn Jong; and a third to Gerald Giam of the WP's East Coast Group Representation Constituency team. These offers were all accepted, resulting in a total of nine opposition MPs after the election.
Background.
The 2011 General Election was the 16th General Election in Singapore and the 11th since independence. The governing People's Action Party (PAP) sought to secure their 13th consecutive term in office since 1959. This was the second election since Lee Hsien Loong became its Secretary-General.
Parliamentary reform.
On 11 March 2010, the Government tabled three bills in the parliament to amend the Constitution, the Presidential Elections Act and the Parliamentary Elections Act. These amendments reduced the number of Group representation constituencies (GRC), increased the number of Non-Constituency Members of Parliament (NCMPs) to a maximum of nine (inclusive of the number of elected opposition members of Parliament), and the number of Nominated Members of Parliament (NMPs) permanent also to nine. A one-day "cooling-off" day was implemented, during which campaigning was forbidden, with only party political broadcasts allowed. Internet campaigning was also formally legalized as a legitimate means of political campaigning. On 26 April 2010, the amendments to the Constitution were passed by a vote of 74–1 after a three-hour debate on the bill.
Political parties.
The governing People's Action Party (PAP) has been in power since Singapore's independence in 1965, and is currently led by the Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong. Besides the ruling PAP, the other major political parties that may contest the upcoming elections are the Workers' Party of Singapore (WP) led by Low Thia Khiang, the Singapore People's Party led by Chiam See Tong which left the Singapore Democratic Alliance (SDA) in 2011, the Singapore Democratic Party (SDP) led by Chee Soon Juan, the National Solidarity Party (NSP) led by Goh Meng Seng which left the SDA in 2007, the Reform Party (Singapore) led by Kenneth Jeyaretnam, and the Singapore Democratic Alliance (SDA) led by Desmond Lim, which is composed of the Pertubuhan Kebangsaan Melayu Singapura (Singapore Malay National Organization) (PKMS) and the Singapore Justice Party (SJP). The Reform Party is the newest party and was created on 18 June 2008 and was then led by former Member of Parliament J.B. Jeyaretnam. He could have stood for election after he was discharged from bankruptcy and reinstated to the bar, however, Jeyaretnam died of heart failure on 30 September 2008 at the age of 82. His eldest son, Kenneth Jeyaretnam has since taken up leadership of the party and is now its secretary-general.
Electoral divisions.
The Electoral Boundaries Review Committee normally publishes an updated list of electoral divisions just before elections are called. Prior to the latest amendments, there were fourteen GRCs, each with five or six seats, and nine Single Member Constituencies (SMC). There were a total of 84 seats being contested in the general election of 2006.
The new electoral map for 2011 was announced on 24 February 2011. 87 seats, crafted into 27 electoral divisions, were up for contests in the election. 12 are SMCs and 15 are GRCs.
Nomination.
Retiring politicians.
All politicians who were retiring or stepping down from their seats were from the PAP.
Staking claims.
Soon after the announcement of the new electoral boundaries, various opposition parties indicated their intent to contest, subject to negotiations between political parties to avoid three-cornered fights. The parties declaring an interest to contest each constituency and their nomination status is reflected below.
General election campaign.
Televised forum.
In the first pre-election forum of this nature in Singapore since the 1988 General Election, Channel NewsAsia invited the main parties to record an hour-long programme. The programme, in English entitled, “A political forum on Singapore’s future” brought together the ruling People’s Action Party (PAP) and four opposition parties to discuss long and short-term challenges for the country. 
The forum included
The new media.
The Worker's Party utilised social media in order to circumvent obstacles placed in front of them by Singapore's government-controlled media.
Political rallies.
The Singapore Police Force announced 41 political rally sites on 27 April which could be booked by political parties on a first-come-first-served basis. Rallies were allowed to be conducted from 28 April to 5 May, from 7 am to 10 pm. The 41st site is for lunch time rallies at Boat Quay near to the UOB Plaza.
National Solidarity Party
People’s Action Party
Reform Party
Singapore Democratic Alliance
Singapore Democratic Party
Singapore People’s Party
Workers’ Party
Controversies.
Online video.
During the 2011 elections campaigning, Vivian Balakrishnan said the SDP was "suppressing a certain YouTube video, which raises some very awkward questions about the agenda and motivations of the SDP and its candidates". He issued the following statement:
Vincent Wijeysingha rejected his comments stating, "We've been a very open party and we're very clear."
This incident was cited in an article published in The Economist criticising the ruling party's election strategy The New Paper released a story next day, with the headline: Is Singapore ready for a GAY MP?" Kenneth Jeyaretnam of the Reform Party called Balakrishnan's campaign a "low attack." 
Balakrishnan received widespread controversy and criticism online for his remark. On 28 April, he told the press: "there is "no need" to further discuss video". He said that his question was a "legitimate".
Cooling-off day controversies.
Nicole Seah from NSP team in Marine Parade GRC filed a complaint to the Elections Department on 6 May stating Tin Pei Ling had violated the state-mandated cooling-off period 24 hours before polls by posting a Facebook comment "in response to a video the state press that showed Seah crying after being told about a Macpherson female resident who could not get a refund of her son's $80 tuition fees".
The NSP team was advised by the Elections Department to file a police report before the Elections Department could investigate.
The day after the election, Seah told reporters that her party had not received any response after making the complaint, and said no decision had been taken on whether or not to pursue the issue. She added that the NSP knew "it is an uphill battle to get any results out of this. I would rather devote my time and resources to the residents".
A similar complaint was lodged against Seah alleging that material had been published on her Facebook page during Cooling-Off Day. On 10 August, the Singapore Police Force announced that it had concluded its investigations into the two incidents, and that aside from a "stern warning" to Tin's friend, no action would be taken against either Tin or Seah.
Separately, the NSP also complained that the PAP had been distributing election material to residents in Tampines GRC in violation of cooling-off regulations.
Election results.
After polls closed at 8pm, vote counting began. Results were announced by Yam Ah Mee, chief executive director of the People's Association, who acted as the Returning Officer for the election. The first result was declared at 11.58pm on 7 May 2011, where PAP candidate Lim Biow Chuan won the Mountbatten Single Member Constituency with a majority of 3,529.
At 1.31 am on 8 May 2011, the PAP team for Ang Mo Kio Group Representation Constituency was declared to have won the division, putting the PAP's seat tally at 44 seats, and thus formed the government.
The final result to be declared was for the Potong Pasir Single Member Constituency at 2.51am on 8 May, where the PAP gained the seat from the SPP on a razor-thin margin of 114 votes.
The political status quo was kept as the People's Action Party won a 13th consecutive term in office since 1959. However, the PAP saw its vote majorities reduced island-wide for yet a second election in a row. The PAP won 81 seats out of 87 despite losing Aljunied Group Representation Constituency to the WP, which also won in Hougang Single Member Constituency. None of the other five opposition parties won contests, including the SPP which lost Potong Pasir Single Member Constituency that it held prior to the election. The WP's win in Aljunied marked the first opposition GRC victory since GRCs were introduced. The WP win in Aljunied meant an electoral defeat of Foreign Minister George Yeo and a second Cabinet minister in Lim Hwee Hua. Yeo became the highest-ranking PAP cabinet minister to lose an election since 1963 when minister Kenneth Michael Byrne lost his seat of Crawford. The PAP's national vote share was just little over 60 per cent, a vote swing of almost negative 7 per cent from 2006.
Voter turnout for the election was 93.18%, with 2,060,373 votes cast.
Analysis.
Top 10 best PAP performers
Top 10 best opposition performers
Vote Swings
Interpretive maps
Post-election events.
Ruling party's immediate reactions.
The People's Action Party's secretary-general, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, described the results as delivering his party a "clear mandate to form the next government". In his post-election press conference, Lee said the polls had "heightened (voters') political consciousness and awareness", and admitted that "many of them desire to see more opposition voices in Parliament to check the PAP government". He described the PAP's loss of Aljunied GRC, which resulted in George Yeo being voted out of Parliament and losing his position as foreign minister, as a "heavy loss to my Cabinet and my team of MPs", but said that the party would "accept and respect the voters' decision". The country's Senior Minister, Goh Chok Tong, also admitted that "there is a sea change in the political landscape" after his team won Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency with just 56.6 percent of the vote.
Opposition parties' immediate reactions.
The Workers Party's secretary-general Low Thia Khiang said his team's win in Aljunied meant that voters had "accepted the WP as a rational, responsible and respected party". In his victory speech, Low declared his win as a "political landmark in modern Singapore". He added that it meant the electorate wanted to tell the PAP to be "a more responsive, inclusive, transparent and accountable government”.
In a statement on its website, the Singapore Democratic Party thanked its supporters for their support, saying that it was for them that the party "(continues) to labour on in this undemocratic system with all the odds stacked against us." Its assistant treasurer Vincent Wijeysingha, who stood in Holland-Bukit Timah Group Representation Constituency, said that the party's positive vote swing in its contested wards of almost 13 percent from the last elections was an "indicator that things are beginning to move up for our party." In a second statement on its website, the SDP described its results as "disappointing", but promised to "build on the foundation that we have laid" for the next elections. The party's secretary-general Chee Soon Juan, barred from standing in the election, went on to write an opinion piece for the Guardian, in which he said it "would have been a miracle" had the SDP won any seats, and accused the media in Singapore of suppressing news of the SDP's campaigning.
Other than the PAP and WP, the only other opposition seat pre-election had been held by the Singapore People's Party, which lost it in the polls by just 114 votes. Chiam See Tong, the SPP's secretary-general, said his party would fight to win back Potong Pasir Single Member Constituency, and said that despite being defeated in Bishan-Toa Payoh Group Representation Constituency, he would continue in politics, health permitting. He also questioned the margin of votes in Potong Pasir, contested by his wife, saying there was "funny business" happening. A petition calling for a by-election in the constituency was started by SPP supporters and Potong Pasir residents.
The National Solidarity Party, which contested the most seats of all opposition parties, admitted it may have taken on too much, with its leader Goh Meng Seng telling reporters that he would be "personally responsible" for the party's failure to win a single seat. Its star candidate, Nicole Seah, said Singaporeans now had to unite as a country. Seah, who contested in Marine Parade, also said there was "so much that needs to be done", and that she would continue her work in the area despite her team's defeat.
The leader of the newest opposition party contesting the elections, the Reform Party's Kenneth Jeyaretnam, described his party as having "learnt a lot" and said they had "done very well", as the first new party in over 20 years. He added that the party was "very happy" at its result in West Coast Group Representation Constituency, and that its second team had done "creditably" in Ang Mo Kio Group Representation Constituency. Jeyaretnam also said the team being able to win the votes it did despite being a new party meant that its "core values resonate with the voters".
The worst-performing party at the polls was the Singapore Democratic Alliance, whose secretary-general Desmond Lim polled under 5 percent of votes in Punggol East Single Member Constituency—the only three-way contest of the election—and lost a S$16,000 election deposit. He said voters had voted based on brand name, as the other opposition candidate in the ward was from the WP. The SDA also contested Pasir Ris-Punggol Group Representation Constituency, and Lim said the party was "very happy" at its positive vote swing from 2006 of over 4 percent. However, the SDA's anchorman in the constituency Harminder Pal Singh described the loss as a "time for painful reflection" and said the party would work harder to win more votes.
Foreign reactions.
At an ASEAN heads-of-state meeting in Jakarta, Indonesia, leaders of ASEAN nations reportedly told S Jayakumar, Singapore's representative at the event, that they were "saddened, disappointed and surprised" at the news that foreign minister Yeo had been defeated, according to the state-run Straits Times, while at the same meeting the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Tun Razak, said the PAP's win would mean a continuity in understanding between the Malaysian and Singaporean governments on bilateral issues.
Non-Constituency Member of Parliament offers.
Three Non-Constituency Members of Parliament (NCMP) seats were offered after the election to the top three losing opposition candidates. The Singapore People's Party accepted the seat for Lina Chiam, ensuring that the Chiam family retained representation in Parliament. While Chiam See Tong has said he is opposed to the scheme, the SPP reasoned that it was "critical" to ensure an "alternative voice in Parliament", to allow the party to "remain engaged in national issues", and to be publicly visible until the next election due by 2016. Mrs Chiam also pointed out that she was "influenced by the wishes of Potong Pasir residents" and she accepted the post as her losing margin was too small.
The Workers' Party was offered the final two NCMP seats for having the second and third best performing losing candidates, which it accepted despite Mr Low also disputing the scheme. Yee Jenn Jong was thus appointed for his performance in Joo Chiat SMC, but as it had to choose one member from the East Coast GRC team, the younger Gerald Giam was chosen over team leader and party treasurer Eric Tan as part of its leadership renewal process. Eric Tan resigned from the party, citing his disagreement with the appointment.
On 16 May 2011, the three proposed NCMPs were formally appointed.
Legacy.
Use of social media.
The election saw a heavier use of social and online media compared to Singapore general election, 2006, especially to evade censorship in Singapore. It is widely perceived by the populace that the major state-run newspapers and broadcasters "align itself with the party's ideals and decisions" and that the electoral system was tilted against the Opposition. It had been difficult to create alternative media until the rise of sites such as The Online Citizen and such internet tools such as Facebook, Twitter and blogs, which saw increased significance in the 2006 elections but became especially prominent in the 2011 elections.
The first election in which a GRC was won by the Opposition.
Traditionally regarded as a PAP "fortress", a GRC fell to the opposition for the first time in Singapore's political history.
In previous elections, the Opposition had never won a GRC, which ostensibly ensure minority representation in parliament but also shut out smaller opposition parties with less resources. GRCs comprise over 86% of the seats, but the Opposition in previous elections would contest "less than half the seats". The election saw the most extensive use of coordination to avoid "three-cornered fights" and was also notable for seeing "two veteran MPs" making immense risks by choosing to contest in GRCs rather than their historical SMC strongholds.
Signals to the ruling party.
The election results were widely used in national and international discussions that the population 
was trying to send a message to a ruling party that "can also come across as smug, arrogant and high-handed" despite a win margin of over 20%, which usually counts as a landslide victory for most democratic nations but has been one of the narrowest margins since 1965. The last election with a similarly narrow victory occurred in the Singapore general election, 1963, when the PAP's major opponent was the Barisan Sosialis—which in itself was a splinter group formed from the leftist wing of the PAP, where it had comprised 80% of the PAP grassroots membership, 35 out of the PAP's 51 branch committees and 19 of its 23 organising secretaries. According to the Economist, Singaporeans would prefer not to have an alternative government but a humbler one, as well as a "stronger opposition".
On 14 May, exactly a week after the election, Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong and Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew announced in a joint statement that they would be quitting the country's Cabinet, saying it was time for a "team of younger ministers" to "engage with this young generation in shaping the future of Singapore." In a similar analysis by Bloomberg, the resignations and the ensuing cabinet reshuffle were the actions of a ruling party "seeking to overhaul its image with voters" whose "narrowest election victory on record signaled a shortfall in support among younger voters". Lee Kuan Yew was also quoted as saying that a younger generation was required to "carry Singapore forward in a more difficult and complex situation" while Lee Hsien Loong declared the party "would change the way it governs" and do some "soul-searching". A Singapore Management University professor said "PAP will have to demonstrate that it remains a mass movement, and not Kuan Yew’s alter ego," noting that younger Singaporeans do not see Lee Kuan Yew with the same godlike perception as older Singaporeans born before 1980.
Further retirements.
Both losing ministers in Aljunied GRC, George Yeo and Minister in the Prime Minister's Office Lim Hwee Hua, announced their retirements from politics in separate news conferences given in the days after the election. George Yeo, who remained popular online and continued to have "a flood of support" after the election and had been repeatedly urged to contest the next election, or even contest the Singaporean presidential election, 2011 turned his supporters down, declaring, "I'm a free spirit, and I don't think I'm temperamentally suited for such a job." 
External links.
Other official information

</doc>
<doc id="20741402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741402" title="Eka Darville">
Eka Darville

Eka Darville (born 11 April 1989) is an Australian actor. He went to Byron Bay High School and currently lives in Byron Bay, New South Wales, and Sydney. He enjoys skating and surfing.
Biography.
Darville is most known for playing Adam Bridge on the Australian television drama series "Blue Water High", Scott Truman, the Red Ranger, in "Power Rangers RPM" and Pietros in "".

</doc>
<doc id="20741435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741435" title="Interception of the Rex">
Interception of the Rex

The interception of the "Rex" was a training exercise and military aviation achievement of the United States Army Air Corps prior to World War II. The tracking and location of an ocean going vessel by B-17 Flying Fortresses on 12 May 1938 was a major event in the development of a doctrine that led to a United States Air Force independent of the Army. The mission was ostensibly a training exercise for coastal defense of the United States, but was conceived by planners to be a well-publicized demonstration of the capabilities of "heavy bombers (as) long range instruments of power".
The flight was conducted during coastal defense maneuvers held by the Air Corps without the participation of the United States Navy, and apparently without understanding of their purpose by the Army Chief of Staff. Both had continuing disagreements with the leaders of the Air Corps over roles and missions, with the Navy disputing its maritime mission and the Army seeking to limit its role to that of supporting ground forces.
With a characteristic flair for creating publicity, the Air Corps' General Headquarters Air Force (its combat organization) not only successfully made the interception at sea, but exploited both live radio news coverage and dramatic photographs. Although the publicity resulted in a short-term setback for Air Corps ambitions, within a year both U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and future Army Chief of Staff George C. Marshall became new proponents of long range air power.
Background.
"Ostfriesland".
In July 1921, promoting the concept of an independent Air Force, Gen. Billy Mitchell staged a series of aerial bombing exercises that resulted in by the U.S. Air Service. Although he incurred the enmity of the Navy, which considered the achievement nothing more than a publicity stunt, Mitchell continued to discredit the value of the battleship as the main weapon for projection of power by sinking several more obsolete ships in the next two years. However the Air Service was limited by Army policy to being an auxiliary of the ground forces and was unable to obtain a role that would employ the use of long distance bombers.
The ""Shasta" Disaster".
When the Air Service was renamed the Air Corps in 1926, the Joint Army-Navy Board was in the process of reconsidering service responsibilities in coastal defense. Both Chief of Air Corps Major General Mason Patrick and Rear Admiral William A. Moffett, Chief of the Navy's Bureau of Aeronautics, resisted any restrictions on range or missions for their respective services' aircraft. The resulting Joint Action statement was vague regarding Air Corps actions over water but "left the door open" for the Navy's interpretation of its own authority, which was that the shore-based coastal patrol mission was its prerogative. Efforts by the War Department to clarify the issue were rebuffed by the Navy to the extent that the Secretary of War warned President Herbert Hoover in 1930 that the situation was endangering national defense.
On 7 January 1931, Army Chief of Staff Gen. Douglas MacArthur and Navy CNO Adm. William V. Pratt reached an agreement modifying the Joint Action statement by assigning the coastal defense role for land-based aircraft to the Air Corps. This came at a time when the Air Corps was seeking a mission to justify the development of all-metal monoplane bombers, and theorists at the Air Corps Tactical School were advocating the use of long range heavy bombers. In August of that year, to garner publicity and generate favorable public opinion, Lt.Col. Frank M. Andrews, on the staff of outgoing Chief of the Air Corps Maj. Gen. James Fechet, proposed to bomb another ship during joint maneuvers with the Navy off the coast of North Carolina. Before the mission Col. Roy Kirtland, the base commander at Langley Field, cautioned reporters that the operation was to be only a bombing exercise using small bombs, and that "nothing spectacular" should be expected.
The United States Shipping Board made available a World War I cargo ship, the 4865 gross ton USS "Mount Shasta", that had been tied up in the James River for a decade. An Army mine vessel towed the hulk to sea off Currituck Beach Light. The next morning, August 11, Major Harbert A. Dargue led nine B-3A and B-5 bombers of the 2nd Bombardment Group, little different from the Martin NBS-1s that had destroyed the "Ostfriesland", to locate and attack the "Mount Shasta", but a combination of bad weather and failed communications resulted in the planes being unable to locate the ship. Worse, the failure was witnessed by several dozen reporters, movie newsreel crews, a broadcast team from NBC radio, and observers from both the Army and Navy, some aboard airplanes that did find the ship. The Navy responded immediately with scornful public mocking of the effort. When a second attempt three days later scored only a few hits with inadequately small 300- and 600-pound bombs, and failed to sink the "Mount Shasta", a pair of United States Coast Guard ocean-going tugboats used small guns to sink it.
Despite its earlier disclaimer and subsequent explanations, the Air Corps was highly embarrassed by the incident, referred to as "the bombing flop" within the service. Navy Captain Dudley Knox dubbed it "the "Shasta" Disaster", and the "New York Evening Post" commented that "the Navy evened up an old score". Hanson W. Baldwin, military editor of the "New York Times" and a Naval Academy graduate, averred that it was "illustrative of the inefficiency of land-based pilots over water." As a result, Andrews and six subordinates were replaced by incoming Chief of the Air Corps Maj. Gen. Benjamin Foulois, and the Secretary of War recommended that the Air Corps' budget be slashed. Andrews and Lt.Col. Henry H. Arnold (executive officer of the Air Materiel Division at Wright Field), however, expressed concerns about the apparent lack of capability and possible failures in Air Corps training demonstrated by the fiasco.
Two months later a second opportunity presented itself. Another old ship, the "Haines", sank in shallow water while being towed off Plum Tree Island and became a hazard to navigation. The 2nd Bombardment Group redeemed itself by completely destroying the derelict from the air, even though their only visible target was a ten foot square float marker. This accomplishment, however, went entirely unpublicized.
Regardless of the MacArthur-Pratt agreement, the Navy had gone ahead with development of land-based patrol aircraft and expansion of its naval air stations, and in 1933 formally repudiated the agreement after Adm. Pratt retired. On 11 September 1935, the Joint Board, at the behest of the Navy and the concurrence of Gen. MacArthur, issued a revised Joint Action statement that reasserted the limited role of all Air Corps missions, including coastal defense, as auxiliary to the "mobile Army". However, long range bomber advocates interpreted its language to mean that the Air Corps could conduct long range reconnaissance, attack approaching fleets, reinforce distant bases, and attack enemy air bases, all in furtherance of its mission to prevent an air attack on America.
Joint Air Exercise No. 4.
On 4 March 1937, the 2nd Bombardment Group, now commanded by Lt. Col. Robert Olds, received the first of the newly developed B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bombers, with 12 delivered during the spring and summer of 1937. Designated the YB-17 because of its prototype status, the Flying Fortress was the first multi-engine long range bomber acquired by the Air Corps, despite resistance from the Army General Staff over its necessity, and the centerpiece of the General Headquarters Air Force (GHQ Air Force).
The B-17s made their first significant operational contribution during Joint Air Exercise No. 4, an Army-Navy summer maneuver conducted at sea west of San Francisco, California. Authorized by a directive of President Roosevelt issued 10 July 1937, the exercise used the target ship "Utah" to represent a hostile fleet of two battleships, an aircraft carrier, and nine destroyers. A patrol wing of 30 Navy planes commanded by Rear Admiral Ernest J. King was assigned to locate the fleet, after which a force of 41 Air Corps bombers (including seven B-17s operating from March Field) would attack it. War Department orders limited the Air Corps aircraft to operating no more than offshore, even though the directive had specified an exercise area out to .
The exercise began at noon on 12 August 1937 and was scheduled to end in 24 hours. After several hours of searching through a foggy undercast that extended offshore, Navy planes found the "Utah" from the coast and tracked it heading northwest. Air Corps bombers were sent to attack the ship but searched well into the evening without locating it. Admiral King then found an error in the Navy's position reports, which he later attributed to "clerical error". The "Utah" had actually been west of the search area provided to the Air Corps. Worse, the ship disappeared into the extensive low fog during the night, breaking the contact by the Navy's scout planes. The poor weather also prevented an early morning search for the "Utah".
Brig. Gen. Delos Emmons, commander of the GHQ Air Force's 1st Wing, dispatched bombers at 0900 on 13 August to search an area of entirely covered by low clouds. Olds surmised that the "Utah" had feinted towards San Francisco, then reversed course to attack the industrial Los Angeles area. Accompanied by Maj. Gen. Frank Andrews (commanding the GHQ Air Force), he flew in the lead B-17 above the clouds, patrolling an area offshore. A Navy patrol aircraft located the "Utah" at 11:00 steaming southeast off the coast. The 2nd BG bombers responded to the position report and located the "Utah" shortly before the noon termination of the exercise. From an altitude of 400 feet they attacked the former battleship with Navy-supplied water bombs.
When the Navy protested the low altitude attack, claiming that evasive action could have avoided the attack, both B-17s and B-18s repeated the mission the next day. They found the "Utah" and bombed it, with the B-17s bombing from 18,000 feet. The Air Corps produced photographs and bombing data that showed it achieved a higher percentage of hits and near-misses than earlier Navy tests, and the Navy subsequently had the exercise classified "Secret". The joint report sent to the president by the secretaries of the Navy and War omitted the information showing the success both in navigation and bombing. Despite the secrecy restriction, the success of the B-17s was leaked to radio commentator Boake Carter, who disclosed it to the public.
In an attempt to overcome this compartmentalization, Andrews bypassed the chain of command on 8 January 1938, in a memorandum of his own regarding a minor joint air exercise held in November 1937 off the Virginia Capes. There four B-17s had found and successfully bombed Navy target vessels. Andrews sent a memo directly to Roosevelt's military aide, Col. Edwin M. Watson, that included confidential Navy memoranda confirming the accuracy of the Army's bombing.
Intercepting the "Rex".
Northeast Maneuvers.
In May 1938 the Air Corps conducted one of the largest maneuvers in its history. 468 officers, 2,380 enlisted men, and 131 aircraft were drawn from all three wings of the GHQ Air Force and based at 18 airports in the northeast United States, "from Schenectady, New York, and Aberdeen, Maryland, westward to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania". Included were eight B-17s of the 2d Bombardment Group. All were assigned as the "Blue Force" defending New England from the "Black Force", an attacking aircraft carrier fleet. The Navy, involved in fleet exercises off the West Coast, did not provide ships to play the role of the Black Force. The Army publicized the resulting scenario as depicting simultaneous attacks on America by hostile fleets on both coasts, with the Air Corps tasked to defend against one of them.
Attached to the exercise was Lt. Col. Ira C. Eaker, the Chief of the Air Corps' Information Division. Eaker, who had a degree in journalism and had just completed a course in news photography at the University of Oklahoma, used the maneuvers as a platform for publicizing both the capabilities and materiel deficiencies of the Air Corps. His assistant was 2d Lt. Harris Hull, a reservist on temporary duty for the exercise who was a reporter for the "Washington Post" in civilian life. When newspapers, including the "Los Angeles Times", criticized the maneuvers for using a "mythical fleet" as a target, Hull suggested that an ocean liner be substituted for naval vessels. He learned that the Italian Line's SS "Rex" was bound for New York and would pass the mark on 11 May. Eaker recommended the interception of the liner to Gen. Andrews, who concurred and received approval from the office of the Army's Chief of Staff. Hull arranged to receive position reports from officials of the line.
Olds, whose B-17s were deployed to Olmsted Field in Harrisburg, was given the assignment of locating the "Rex" as far at sea as possible, and assigned Major Vincent J. Meloy, the commanding officer of the 20th Bomb Squadron, to act as nominal head of the Black Force. Olds selected three aircraft from the 49th Bomb Squadron for the mission. On the afternoon of 11 May 1937, Olds and his crews flew from Olmsted to the staging base at Mitchel Field on Long Island.
Assigned as lead navigator was 1st Lt. Curtis E. LeMay, who had navigated the finding of the "Utah" and been a participant in a goodwill mission to South America in February that had won the group the MacKay Trophy. The Chief of the Materiel Division's Photographic Section, Maj. George W. Goddard, flew co-pilot in aircraft No. 81 to document the mission using a specially-modified Graflex camera. Reporters were also invited to accompany the mission. They included Hanson Baldwin, possibly because of his earlier excoriation of the "Shasta Disaster," and a radio crew from the National Broadcasting Company (which on 4 April 1937, had made a live six-minute broadcast from a B-17 at Langley Field) to broadcast from aboard the lead aircraft while it made the interception.
The Blue Force bombers and crews were:
LeMay used the "Rex"'s noon position report of 11 May in conjunction with known routes and speeds of ocean liners bound for New York to calculate an intercept point for the next day, based on the ship's expected noon position for 12 May. An updated position report to refine his calculations was expected that evening but not received. Weather conditions deteriorated during the night, with a forecast that "ceilings would be down to nothing" in the vicinity of the anticipated interception.
Interception.
At 08:30 on 12 May, the three B-17s had begun to taxi in a rain squall when a morning position report from "Rex" was relayed to LeMay. It indicated that the liner was then from New York, farther east than his original computations had placed it. LeMay's original flight plan had incorporated an area search if necessary, but weather conditions and the ship's distance from Long Island precluded that possibility.
The B-17s took off from Mitchel Field at 08:45 and cruised east from Sandy Hook at 170 mph on a true course of 101 degrees through rain, hail, downdrafts, and an intense headwind that reduced their ground speed by 11.5 mph. LeMay was unable to check the effect of the winds on ground speed and drift because of a heavy overcast that limited their altitude to . At 10:00 they emerged into good weather that lasted an hour. LeMay took double drifts until the B-17s had to separate to transit a cold front. At 11:15 they reassembled in clear weather on the other side, where LeMay checked their course again. He calculated an intercept time of 12:25 for his pilot, who in turn passed it to Meloy to schedule the live radio broadcast. At noon the B-17s encountered an area of "scattered rain squalls," spreading into a line abreast formation with the aircraft apart to increase their chances of spotting the "Rex".
At 12:23, the bombers broke out of a squall line, and Major Cousland in No. 81 immediately sighted the "Rex". "There it is! There it is!" he transmitted by radio to the other pilots, "81 to 80, twelve o'clock." At 12:25, as predicted, the B-17s flew by the "Rex" while it was east of Sandy Hook. The aircraft reversed course and came up the ship's port side, with No. 82 flying wing on No. 80 "at smoke stack level". From the co-pilot's seat of No. 81, Goddard took a series of photographs with the Graflex. In the waist position of No. 80, Meloy made voice contact by radio with the ship's captain, who invited "all members of the flight to come down to lunch." The ship's passengers filled its decks, waving to the bombers, with a group of Americans purportedly singing the "Star Spangled Banner".
Because of the bad weather, the B-17s returned individually to Mitchel Field. Cousland's Flying Fortress encountered severe hail, damaging all the forward surfaces of the plane, and ice caused a temporary shutdown of one engine. As a result Cousland lagged behind the others, landing at 16:30. The next morning the three bombers took off to return to Harrisburg and spotted the "Rex" passing the Statue of Liberty at 09:30 as it entered New York Harbor.
The NBC radio crew aboard the lead bomber made its live broadcast coast-to-coast as the bombers flew by the "Rex". The Army's low altitude photographs were featured the next day on the front pages of hundreds of newspapers. Eaker exploited a trust of Americans in radio broadcasts and in photography, particular to that era, to bolster the credibility of Air Corps claims that air power was essential in defending the western hemisphere. In addition to the "Rex" episode, the May 1938 maneuvers conducted a well-publicized mock attack on New York City, and arranged the first voluntary blackout in the United States, also planned by Eaker, during a mock raid on Farmingdale, New York, on 16 May.
Aftermath.
Impact.
The response of the War Department was to curb further expansion of the Air Corps and its roles. On 16 May, the day of the "Farmingdale raid," the Army's deputy chief of staff, Maj. Gen. Stanley Embick, approved a request from Air Corps chief Maj. Gen. Oscar Westover to substitute a single Boeing Y1B-20 (an advanced design of the Boeing B-15) for two B-15s ordered for Project A, the development program for the very long range bomber. On 9 June, however, Secretary of War Harry Woodring countermanded the approval, which he had endorsed only three weeks before. On 3 August, the Army went on to cancel orders for 67 more B-17s authorized under a "balanced" plan Woodring himself had put forth in March, instead allocating the funds to buy smaller combat aircraft, and forbade any further spending for R&D of long range bombers. 
It was not until January 1939, when U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt issued a public statement calling for an expansion of the Air Corps in anticipation of the coming of World War II and the needs of the United States in defending the Western Hemisphere, that Army policy was reversed. Gen. George C. Marshall, who was soon to move up from head of the War Plans Division to be the Army's chief of staff, received personal instruction on the capabilities and strengths of long range bombers from new Air Corps chief Gen. Henry H. Arnold.
Operational restriction.
The day after the rendezvous with the "Rex", Chief of Staff General Malin Craig telephoned Andrews and issued an order that restricted all Air Corps aircraft to operating within of the coast. Arnold, Eaker, Olds, and Lt. Col. Carl Spaatz all believed that complaints from the Navy motivated the order. Spaatz, who personally answered the call, recorded that Andrews requested the order be issued in writing, but Arnold states he never saw a written order.
Two Air Corps historians state that no evidence exists that the Navy was behind the order. One explained that Craig believed the Air Corps violated War Department policy on publicity, while the second asserted that Craig was unhappy about not being provided details of the mission before it was publicly announced, and thus issued the order to ensure full notification before granting exceptions to the restriction. Deputy chief of staff Embick made the claim that the restriction had been issued only as a safety measure. Greer, however, in his history of Air Corps doctrine, firmly attributes the restriction to the Navy, noting that in November 1938 it achieved a new modification of the Joint Action statement specifically granting it the authorization for long-range land-based flights that the Army was denied, and immediately prepared six major bases to conduct them. A fourth historian, in a biography of Arnold, stated that the restriction had actually been promulgated on 1 September 1936, at the insistence of the Navy, but was not enforced by Craig until after the "Rex" incident.
In any event, the restriction fomented further interservice enmity between the Air Corps and the Navy that did not abate until World War II. The Navy specifically included the limit in plans for joint maneuvers in 1939 that was deleted only after Andrews objected to Marshall, who had replaced Embick as deputy chief of staff. Emmons, who succeeded Andrews as commander of GHQ Air Force, complained in his "Report on Annual Tactical Inspection", dated 28 July 1939, that because of the operational restriction, navigation training in the Air Corps had suffered.
Despite this, exceptions to the restriction quickly became the norm. Only a month after the interception of the "Rex", B-17s intercepted the 22,000 ton liner SS "Queen of Bermuda" at sea on 12 June, and aircraft based in Hawaii twice located Army transports at similar distances during the summer of 1938. In March 1939, Arnold, as Chief of the Air Corps, was given specific authority by the chief of staff to grant exceptions as he saw fit, provided they were unpublicized and he notified the War Department well in advance.
Subsequent history of the participants.
Andrews was not reappointed as commander of General Headquarters Air Force when his term expired on 1 March 1939. Exactly as happened with Billy Mitchell, he was returned in rank to colonel (his permanent establishment rank) and assigned as air officer of the Eighth Corps Area in San Antonio, Texas. His "exile" in San Antonio was brief, however. In August, prospective Army Chief of Staff Marshall had Andrews promoted over the objections of Secretary Woodring and General Craig, beginning a climb to higher command for Andrews that culminated in promotion to lieutenant general and appointment as commander of the European Theater of Operations. Many senior airmen believed he was possibly being groomed to command the Normandy invasion. However, Andrews was killed in the crash of a B-24 Liberator long range bomber in Iceland in May 1943 while returning to Washington, D.C.
Capt. Archibald Y. Smith was promoted to colonel during World War II, commanded the 452nd Bomb Group (B-17) in the U.K., and became a prisoner of war in July 1944. Continuing his career after the war in the United States Air Force, he died in the crash of his B-26 in Oregon in April 1949. Cousland also became a colonel and commanded the first B-17 group in England, the 97th BG, although he was relieved of command by Col. Frank A. Armstrong just before it was to go into combat. Cousland finished the war commanding the 21st Bombardment Wing, a processing unit for personnel returning from overseas.
Seven of the participants became general officers. Hull was recalled to active duty to be an intelligence officer in World War II, then remained in the Air Force as a career. He retired as a brigadier general in 1964. Meloy served as a brigadier general in the Air Transport Command and retired in 1946. Goddard was recognized as the principal aerial photography expert of the USAF and retired in 1953 as a brigadier general. Caleb V. Haynes and his crew won the MacKay Trophy in 1939 flying an earthquake relief mission to Chile in the XB-15, and delivered the first B-24 Liberator overseas in early 1942. Assigned initially to the Tenth Air Force, he was the first commander of the Assam-Burma-China Ferry Command, the airlift operation flying supplies over the Hump to China. Haynes went on to command the bombers of the China Air Task Force under Maj. Gen. Claire Chennault, became a brigadier general, commanded the India Air Task Force, and retired from the USAF as a major general in 1953.
Olds (whose son, Brig. Gen. Robin Olds, became a fighter pilot icon), was promoted to major general and commanded the Second Air Force, but died of a heart-related condition in April 1943 at the age of 46.
Eaker and LeMay were both important commanders in the strategic bombing campaigns of World War II. Eaker took command of the Eighth Air Force in 1942, and the Mediterranean Allied Air Forces in 1944. He retired in 1947 as a lieutenant general, but was promoted on the retired list to 4-star general in 1985 in recognition of his accomplishments. In the autumn of 1942, LeMay led the 305th Bomb Group, one of the four "pioneer" B-17 groups of the Eighth Air Force. He advanced to higher commands in the Eighth Air Force before holding a series of B-29 Superfortress commands in the Pacific in 1944–45. LeMay commanded and reorganized the Strategic Air Command into an instrument of national policy and became the fifth Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force in 1961.
Laid up in Trieste harbor, Italy, by the war, the "Rex" was seized by Nazi Germany when Italy surrendered in 1943. On September 8, 1944, she was attacked twice by Royal Air Force and South African Air Force Beaufighters. She was set on fire, then rolled over and sank after being struck by numerous rockets and cannon shells. The purpose of the attack was to prevent her from being used to block the harbor entrance. The wreck was partially scrapped in the 1950s, but around one-third of it still remains.
The YB-17s soon became obsolete and were transferred to the 19th Bomb Group at March Field, California, in October 1940 when the 2d BG acquired newer models. During World War II they operated again at Langley Field until mid-1942. The Air Corps belatedly put the B-17 into mass production beginning in July 1939, but at the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor still had only 198 in service. However, 12,000 were produced during the war, became the backbone of the air war against Germany, and were an iconic symbol of the AAF.
The 2nd Bomb Group received newer B-17s and served in the Mediterranean Theater of Operations with both the Twelfth and Fifteenth Air Forces. GHQ Air Force assumed its designated wartime role in November 1940, was renamed Air Force Combat Command in June 1941, but went out of existence in March 1942 in a major reorganization of the United States Army Air Forces.
Operation Rex Redux.
On 24 August 2007, three B-52 Stratofortresses of the 2nd Bomb Wing, successor to the 2nd BG, conducted "Operation Rex Redux", a training mission commemorating the interception of the "Rex". Flying from Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana, and using the radio call signs Rex 51, Rex 52, and Rex 53, the B-52s intercepted the Military Sealift Command ship MV "2nd Lt. John P. Bobo" east of Bermuda to test the capabilities of a new targeting system.

</doc>
<doc id="20741436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741436" title="Jinzhou Station (Guangzhou)">
Jinzhou Station (Guangzhou)

Jinzhou Station () is an elevated terminus of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 June 2007. It is located at the junction of Shuangshan Avenue () and Guangfeng Road () in Huangge Town (), Nansha District.
The previous name of the station was "Chongwei Station" (). Since May 2006, its name has changed to Jinzhou Station before the station put into service in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20741455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741455" title="Skaručna">
Skaručna

Skaručna () is a village in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Lucy and was built between 1662 and 1665. It was a popular pilgrimage church with people with a variety of eye diseases because Saint Lucy is considered the patron saint of the blind.

</doc>
<doc id="20741463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741463" title="Moja generacija">
Moja generacija

"Moja generacija" (My Generation) was the Yugoslavian entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, performed in Serbo-Croatian by veteran rock band Korni Grupa. 
The song was performed 7th on the night of the contest, following Israel's Kaveret with "Natati La Khayay" and preceding Sweden's ABBA with "Waterloo". It received only 6 points, placing 12th in a field of 17.
"Moja generacija" features lyrics based on the growing up of Yugoslav children born and raised around the year 1942, hence the alternative title Generacija '42 in some sources
The song was succeeded as Yugoslav representatvia at the 1975 contest by Pepel in Kri with "Dan ljubezni".

</doc>
<doc id="20741518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741518" title="Pál Milkovics">
Pál Milkovics

Pál Milkovics (b. 29 July 1979, Budapest, Hungary) is an entrepreneur, TV producer.
He has spent more than 10 years in the television industry, working his way up the management structure in multinational companies. He started as a TV reporter-journalist, and made news documentaries all over the world (about the forgotten children in Chernobyl, the war in Kosovo, the organ trade in India, and many notable others). After 5 years his work became Editor in Chief of the daily, live breakfast show.
Later, he has spent more than a half decade with the IEMGroup. They started as a garage firm and ended up with offices in Budapest - Bucharest - Prague and Helsinki. He was in charge of creating and expanding all these new offices in emerging markets, oversee the productions. Pal has created several different Television formats, documentaries, lifestyle programs, kids TV, the programs have been broadcast all over Europe.
In 2010 he first started to work on the idea of the first food TV in the Nordic countries. He and his friend Sami Garam co-founded Nordic Food Channel in Finland in 2011. After 2 years development and research all this knowledge is currently being put in the Nordic Life business.
Personal Life.
He is a passionate (amateur) chef, has won the first place at European Cooking Contest in Brussels in 2013. 
http://www.fansofflanders.be/Categories/Varia/Varia/9_May_2013/14052013_EUCCWinner
He also makes photography as a hobby. 
http://www.palmilkovics.com

</doc>
<doc id="20741530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741530" title="Arimpur">
Arimpur

Arimpur is a small village located in Thrissur District of Kerala, India. Thrissur is also known as the cultural capital of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="20741537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741537" title="Corlett">
Corlett

Corlett is a surname of Manx origin. The name is an Anglicisation of the Gaelic "Mac Thorliot", derived from an Old Norse personal name composed of two elements: the name "Þórr" and "ljótr" meaning "bright". Another opinion is that the Old Norse "Þorliótr" may mean "Thor-people". The name appears earliest in records as "Corlett" in 1504 and "MacCorleot" in 1511.

</doc>
<doc id="20741552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741552" title="Peltigeraceae">
Peltigeraceae

The Peltigeraceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales. Species of this family have a widespread distribution but are especially prevalent in temperate regions. The family contains two genera and 101 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20741556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741556" title="Nephromataceae">
Nephromataceae

The Nephromataceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales (suborder Peltigerineae). The family is monotypic, containing the single genus "Nephroma". The Nephromataceae have a largely temperate distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20741563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741563" title="Placynthiaceae">
Placynthiaceae

The Placynthiaceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales (suborder Collematineae). Species of this family are found largely in northern temperate regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20741564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741564" title="Pannariaceae">
Pannariaceae

The Pannariaceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales (suborder Collematineae). Species from this family have a widespread distribution, but are especially prevalent in southern temperate regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20741566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741566" title="Collemataceae">
Collemataceae

The Collemataceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales (suborder Collematineae). Species in this family have a widespread distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20741568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741568" title="Coccocarpiaceae">
Coccocarpiaceae

The Coccocarpiaceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales (suborder Collematineae). Species in this family have a widespread distribution, including boreal and austral regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20741569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741569" title="Lobariaceae">
Lobariaceae

The Lobariaceae are a lichenized family of fungi in the order Peltigerales (suborder Peltigerineae). Species of this family have a widespread distribution, particularly in the tropics and southern temperate areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20741598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741598" title="Šinkov Turn">
Šinkov Turn

Šinkov Turn () is a village in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Šinkov Turn was attested in written sources in 1314 as "von den Turen" (and as "bei den Turen" in 1337, "pei des Schenken turen" in 1353, "von Turren" in 1355, and "Schenkenturn" in 1419). The village is named after a castle that was built in 1240, the ruins of which are still visible today. The name "Turn" is used for several castles in Slovenia. It is derived from the world "turen" 'tower', borrowed from Middle High German "turn" 'tower' (in turn from Latin "turris" 'tower, castle' from Greek τύρσις 'fortified settlement'). The epithet "Šinkov" is derived from an early owner, a Baron Šenk, and distinguished the castle from other castles named Turn.
Church.
The church on the edge of the settlement is dedicated to the Virgin Mary. A church at the site was first mentioned in 1526 and the current structure dates from the 18th century.
Castle.
A castle, after which the village gets it name, used to stand in the village. It was originally built in 1250 and survived as a building with a triangular floor plan and an arcaded courtyard until 1943, when it was burned down by the Partisans. After the end of the Second World War, it was demolished and the stones from it were used as building material elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20741609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741609" title="Puss in the corner (children's game)">
Puss in the corner (children's game)

Puss in the corner is a children's game for five players.
Description.
A yard, court, room, or other square area with four corners, posts, or trees equidistant from one another is chosen as the playing arena. One player is nominated "Puss" and takes his place in the center of the arena. Each of the other four players selects one of the corners and takes his place there. Play begins with the four corner players attempting to exchange places with each other in any direction. "Puss" attempts to gain a corner during the exchange. Should he succeed, the player then left without a corner becomes "Puss" and takes his place in the center of the arena. Play resumes in a similar manner. Should players A and B attempt to exchange corners and A gains B's corner but A's corner is gained by "Puss", then B becomes "Puss" rather than A.

</doc>
<doc id="20741613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741613" title="Pistacia palaestina">
Pistacia palaestina

Pistacia palaestina is a tree or shrub common in the Levant region (especially Israel and Syria). It is called terebinth in English, a name also used for "Pistacia terebinthus", a similar tree from the western Mediterranean Basin.
Description.
"Pistacia palaestina" is distinguished from "P. terebinthus" "by its egg-shaped leaflets, which are drawn into a long point, with somewhat hairy margins, and by more spreading and branching flower clusters."
History.
The terebinth is mentioned in the Hebrew Scriptures (or Old Testament), where the Hebrew word "elah" (plural "elot") is used, although the word is sometimes translated as "oak". (The Hebrew word "alon" means oak, and the words may be related. 
Terebinths are also mentioned in three successive chapters of Genesis (12:6, 13:18, 14:13) in reference to the places where Abram (later Abraham) camped called "Terebinths of Mamre the Amorite". Here, the traditional rendering in English is "oaks of Mamre".
The most well-known clear reference to a terebinth ("elah") in the Hebrew Scriptures is that of the Valley of Elah or "Valley of the Terebinth" (עמק האלה), where David fought Goliath (1 Sam. 17:2, 19).
At least a few references occur in Judges; Ch 4 (in reference to Heber, the Kenite, of the children of Hobab), Ch 6 (in reference to an angel of the Lord who came to visit Gideon--most versions use 'oak'), and Ch 9 (in reference to the crowning of Abimelech, by the terebinth of the pillar that was in Shechem—again most versions use 'oak'). This reference of Abimelech's crowning by an oak is actually referring to the Palestine oak, closely related to the Kermes oak. The Hebrew distinguishes the Palestine oak and the terebinth.
Cultural references.
In the book "Voyage of the Dawn Treader", C. S. Lewis named one of the fictional islands "Terebinthia"; Lewis scholar Marvis. D. Hinten posits "Lewis, the renowned medieval schoar, naturally knew that "terebint" was Middle English for the tree used in the Middle Ages to produce turpentine." The author of the 1977 novel "Bridge to Terebithia" noted she had probably unintentionally taken the name of her fictional world from C. S. Lewis, who had likely taken the name from the tree.

</doc>
<doc id="20741617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741617" title="Simpson Creek Covered Bridge">
Simpson Creek Covered Bridge

Simpson Creek Covered Bridge is located in Bridgeport, West Virginia, crossing Simpson Creek off Meadowbrook Road near the entrance to the Meadowbrook Mall. The , multiple-kingpost truss bridge was built in 1881 by Asa Hugill. The current location of the bridge is not the original location. It was washed out by a flood in July 1889 and later relocated to its current location a half-mile upstream from its original spot. The Simpson Creek and Fletcher Covered Bridges, are the only two remaining covered bridges in Harrison County, are examples of this truss design.
Upgrades.
In fall of 2001, the West Virginia Division of Highways used nearly $400,000 to renovate the Simpson Creek Covered Bridge. The improvements include a new timber deck, wooden exterior siding and a fresh coat of paint.

</doc>
<doc id="20741631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20741631" title="Terebinth">
Terebinth

Terebinth refers to two similar species of the plant genus "Pistacia":

</doc>
