<doc id="20573246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573246" title="List of television stations in Romania">
List of television stations in Romania

The following is a list of television channels broadcast in Romania. 
National.
State-owned
"TVR - Televiziunea Română"
Private
"CME"
"Intact"
"ProSiebenSat.1"
"Realitatea-Caţavencu"
"DolceTV"
Digi
"CNM"
Satellite.
"Discovery Romania"
"HBO Romania"
"Sony Pictures Entertainment"
"Viacom/MTV Networks"
"NBC Universal"
"Chellomedia"
"Fox International Channels"
"Eurosport Romania"
"Time Warner - Turner Broadcasting"
"Disney–ABC Television Group"
"Viasat Romania"
"BBC Global Channels"
"IKO Romania"
"Others"
Local.
State-owned
"TVR - Televiziunea Română"
"CNM"

</doc>
<doc id="20573247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573247" title="Orconectes obscurus">
Orconectes obscurus

The Allegheny crayfish, Orconectes obscurus, is a stream-dwelling species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae found in Southeastern Ontario and the Northeastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20573268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573268" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lancaster, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lancaster, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. 
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in the city of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 203 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Lancaster County. The city of Lancaster is the location of 59 of these properties and districts; they are listed here, while the 144 properties and districts in the other parts of the county are listed separately. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20573279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573279" title="Gulzar Bhulkani">
Gulzar Bhulkani

Gulzar Bhulkani is Union council of Jacobabad District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 28°13'40N 69°3'40E to the east of the district capital Jacobabad with an altitude of 73 metres (242 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573281" title="Dave Skrien">
Dave Skrien

David A. Skrien (April 4, 1929 – November 30, 2010) was a Canadian Football League player and coach.
Skrien graduated from Morris High School (1946) and Minnesota (1950) where he played fullback and linebacker. He played two seasons in the CFL before becoming a coach.
Skrien's first coaching job was at Albert Lea High School where he spent one season as head coach. From there he served as an assistant at Ball State and Minnesota before returning to the CFL as the BC Lions backfield coach in 1959. Skrien was elevated to the Lions' head coaching position during the 1961 season after an 0–6–1 start. In his six seasons as the Lions head coach, Skrien's teams had a record of 42–47–5 and played in two Grey Cup Games, winning one (52nd). He also won the Annis Stukus Trophy in 1963 as the CFL coach of the year. Skrien was fired in 1967 after an 0–5 start.
After one season as an assistant coach at Boise State College, Skrien returned to the CFL as an assistant coach with the Edmonton Eskimos. When head coach Neill Armstrong left the Eskimos at the end of the season, management decided to promote the less experienced Ray Jauch to the head coaching position and Skrien did not return to Edmonton.
On December 29, 1970, Skrien was hired by the Saskatchewan Roughriders to replace head coach Eagle Keys. In his two seasons in Regina, the Roughriders had a 16–14–1 record and made the 1972 Grey Cup. Skrien resigned following the 1972 season.
In 1975, Skrien was hired by former CFL coach and executive Leo Cahill to coach the offensive backfield of the Memphis Southmen, which included Larry Csonka and Jim Kiick. After the World Football League folded, Skiren returned to his native Minnesota to coach Golden Valley Lutheran College. One of his players at GVLC was Nelson Simpson, who later wrestled under the name Nikita Koloff. In 1988, Skiren returned to his alma mater Minnesota as a football administrative assistant and recruiting coordinator. He retired after the 1995 season, but remained involved with Golden Gophers football.
Death.
Skrien died in a nursing home in Mound, Minnesota on November 30, 2010 due to complications from Alzheimer's disease. He was 81 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20573300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573300" title="Jeff Hatch">
Jeff Hatch

Jeffrey P. Hatch (born September 28, 1979 in Annapolis, Maryland) is a former American football player who was an offensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for three seasons between 2002 and 2005. He was on the rosters of the New York Giants and Tampa Bay Buccaneers, starting in four games for the Giants in 2003. Hatch played college football at the University of Pennsylvania, and was named a Division I-AA All-American in 2001. The Giants selected Hatch during the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft with the 78th overall pick.

</doc>
<doc id="20573303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573303" title="Ante Meridian">
Ante Meridian

This is a misspelling either for

</doc>
<doc id="20573314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573314" title="Ball Bearing (advertisement)">
Ball Bearing (advertisement)

Ball Bearing was a 1992 television advertisement for the Lexus ES 300, which introduced the luxury sedan to television audiences. It was created by Team One, a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi. The advertisement showed a ball bearing rolling smoothly down the panel seams of a Lexus sedan, thus demonstrating the precise quality of its exterior elements. The television spot won awards, was emulated by subsequent commercials, and was credited for focusing industry attention on body tolerances.
Synopsis.
The advertisement showed the Lexus ES 300 on an articulating stand. A lab-suited technician places a silver ball bearing on the hood seam, and lets go. The ball bearing rolls smoothly down the seam as if on a track. As the stand rotates, moving the ES 300 slowly around several axes, the ball bearing travels across the roof, grille, tail lamps, in a continuous uninterrupted motion, without falling. The narration reads, "Every sports sedan is supposed to do well in the fast lane. But what about these lanes...? At Lexus, we achieved extremely tight tolerances between all major body panels. So not only does the ES 300 look like it's put together well, it actually "is" put together well."
Reception.
The advertisement received a Clio Award for Best Special Effects in a Television Advertisement, awarded to Special Effects director John Frazier of Fxperts Inc. "Ball Bearing" was named one of its Best Spots of 1992 by industry publication "Adweek". The National Institute of Standards and Technology in the United States, as part of its Advanced Technology Project (an awards program for the development of high-risk, early-stage technologies for the U.S. industry), worked with General Motors, Chrysler, two universities, and suppliers on the "2-millimeter project." The goal of this project was to develop a new standard for automotive body dimension control, with a goal being to be able to duplicate the Lexus ball bearing test on a U.S.-built car. The advertisement was credited with focusing attention on quality in the United States.
Later versions.
Other advertisers referenced "Ball Bearing" in subsequent commercials, including car manufacturer Nissan who duplicated the ball bearing test and other Lexus displays in subsequent ads. The Nissan ads, designed for the debut of the Nissan Altima in 1993, demonstrated a similar display of ball bearings on their less expensive vehicle, with a narrator saying, "When we at Nissan saw Lexus do a test like this to show how well their car was put together, we were impressed, so we decided to do the same test on the new $13,000 Nissan Altima." A Roy Rogers ad parodied the "Ball Bearing" spot by rolling a ball bearing around the edge of a roast beef sandwich. The Roy Rogers ad went on to win an Addy Award on behalf of the Smithsonian Center for Advertising History. In 2008, Lexus again referenced "Ball Bearing" with a new version for the Lexus IS 250 AWD, which showed a ball bearing rolling on the seams of the vehicle before the car is driven across a sea of ball bearings.

</doc>
<doc id="20573324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573324" title="Sagda epistylioides">
Sagda epistylioides

Sagda epistylioides is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573333" title="Tacna and Arica Campaign">
Tacna and Arica Campaign

The Tacna and Arica Campaign is known as the stage of the War of the Pacific after the Chilean conquest of the Peruvian department of Tarapacá, ending with Chilean domination of the Moquegua department in southern Peru. During this campaign Bolivia retired from the war after the Battle of Tacna, and Peru lost the port of Arica. Also, Manuel Baquedano assumed command as the new Commander in Chief of the Chilean Army, and the Allied Presidents were thrown out of office and replaced by Nicolas de Pierola in Peru and General Narciso Campero in Bolivia.
Background.
Tarapacá Campaign.
After Chile secured the sea with the victory at Angamos on October 8, 1879, the Chilean army prepared to assault the Tarapacá province. Hence, an amphibious operation was launched at Pisagua on November 2, pushing the Allies inland and obtaining an unshipping point to unload troops and material. Right after Pisagua, two Allied squadrons were slightly outnumbered and crushed at Pampa Germania on November 6, and Col. Emilio Sotomayor held off a 7,400 men Allied attack on November 19 at Dolores dwell, near San Francisco. The string of victories made the Chilean commanders too confident, and with poor information recklessly attacked the outnumbering Peruvian army at Tarapacá on November 27, suffering a heavy defeat. Nevertheless, the Allies withdrew from the Tarapacá department, leaving it on Chilean hands.
Chilean situation.
Once gained the Tarapacá department, the saltpetre trade earnings went directly to the Chilean government, making the war effort much easier by allowing the purchase of supplies needed for the growing army. Chilean President Anibal Pinto sought to own the saltpetre factories, judging it safer to interpose Bolivia between Chile and Peru, and therefore prepared an invasion to Moquegua department in order to conquer Tacna and Arica, with the ultimate aim of ceding them to Bolivia. In the meantime, Gen. Erasmo Escala resigned his commission as Commander in Chief due to constant and bitter arguments with War Minister Rafael Sotomayor, who then replaced him with Gen. Manuel Baquedano, a Peru-Bolivian Confederacy war veteran.
Allied situation.
The loss of Tarapacá generated popular discontent in Peru and in Bolivia, resulting in the deposition of Mariano Ignacio Prado and Hilarión Daza, who were replaced by Nicolas de Pierola and General Narciso Campero. Internal disputes arose between the Allies trying to decide who should lead the army. Finally Gen. Campero was appointed as the commander of the Allied forces, which totaled about 11,000 men.
The Allies ceded the initiative to Chile, allowing her to choose the ensuing course of the campaign. With the Chilean domination of the sea so complete after the earlier battles, the Allies had no manoeuvre space for transporting huge contingents from north to south and vice versa. This also created extreme difficulties in terms of reinforcing the artillery, weaponry, and other supplies of war.
Pierola didn't mobilize the Second Southern Army in Arequipa to aid Montero at Tacna, and also replaced Peruvian officers with loyal civilians, resulting in a virtual crippling of the army command.
The beginning.
Disembark at Ilo and Pacocha.
By the end of December 1879, the Chilean army decided to send a division in a scout expedition to Ilo and Pacocha in order to eliminate the Peruvian resistance in the area and to try to take enemy's supplies, with the order of making plans for a possible attack. The Chilean division was put under Lt. Col Aristides Martinez, and was formed by 500 men of the Lautaro Battalion and 12 riders of the Granaderos a Caballo Regiment.
The Peruvian forces had been gathered at Tacna and Arica, so in order to make a successful attack the entire Chilean army to a place near both cities, avoiding crossing the Atacama Desert.
On December 31, the Chilean troops disembarked and quickly took the port of Ilo, isolating Moquegua garrison of 1,300 soldiers and letting Martinez to move freely in the area, fulfilling the task commended. The expedition returned to Ilo the very next day and was re-embarked to Pisagua.
Between February 18 and 25, a twenty ship convoy unshipped 9,500 men divided into three divisions, while another one stood in Pisagua waiting the convoy to return. Simultaneously, the Peruvian port of Arica was put under a naval blockade by the warships "Huascar" and "Magallanes".
By the early days of March, another Chilean expedition under Col. Orozimbo Barbosa was sent to Mollendo, where 4,000 men were stationed. While the expedition was at sea, the garrison marched to Arequipa, leaving only 100 soldiers. The Navales Battalion occupied the town on March 8 without any skirmishes. On March 17, the Peruvian vessel "Union" made through the blockade unloading supplies to the garrison of Arica. The same day Baquedano occupied Moquegua while the first division of Montero's Southern Army under Col. Andres Gamarra withdrew to Los Angeles hill, seeking to assume a position easy to defend. Baquedano with 4,500 men marched over Los Angeles on March 20.
Los Ángeles.
Before the sunrise of March 22, 1880, while the 2nd Line and Santiago regiments attacked the sector of Quilin Quilin, the Atacama Battalion climbed the slope of Guaneros and caught the Peruvians from the rear, bayoneting them off their tactically superior positions. This forced the rest of the Allied soldiers to withdrew as well. On April, the Peruvian port of Callao was put under blockade, and at Locumba, a Chilean column forced some Peruvian forces under Gregorio Albarracin to retreat. Sotomayor resolved to move the entire army to Tacna, leaving Moquegua alone, not considering the Arequipa garrison at all. The Chilean army converged over the Sama river valley, set as a starting point to march across the desert towards Tacna, but the artillery was shipped to Ite. On May 20, Rafael Sotomayor died of a stroke at Las Yaras, and Jose Francisco Vergara was designed as his replacement. With Sotomayor's death, the army command was put under Gen. Baquedano. The Allies didn't molested the Chilean march through the desert, due to internal disputes between Campero and Camacho and the lack of supplies and transportation lines. A last attempt to ambush the Chileans on the night of May 25 at Quebrada Honda failed, because the darkness misled a column led by Campero, tiring his troops in vain.
Tacna.
On May 26, after useless artillery cross fire, the divisions on the front line under Amengual and Barceló engaged separately the Allied defensive line at the Intiorko hill plateau. The poor Chilean coordination allowed Gen. Campero to send the reserve from the centre and the right to help Camacho's left flank, managing to contain the assault. Castro Pinto's centre line endured the attack too, forcing both Chilean divisions to retreat when their ammunitions ran out. Even more, the Aroma, Zepita, and Alianza battalions persecuted Amengual, causing heavy casualties. The same thing occurred with Barceló, and both divisions mixed in the retreat. Baquedano sent Amunategui's division to strengthen the retiring units, and simultaneously a cavalry charge stopped the Allied charge on the left flank.
Afterwards, Barbosa's division forwarded to the weakened Allied right flank, putting pressure on the entire Allied line. Barbosa's men assailed and took the artillery placed on this area, meanwhile the combined attack of the three divisions progressed with intense volleys. Several battalions were surrounded and vanquished in the advance. When the Chileans came very close, rushed the Allied centre and the left wing in a melee, and chased the retiring soldiers to Tacna. The Bolivian army were so crippled that retired to the mountains and never fought in the war again, breaking the Peru-Bolivian Alliance forever.
Arica.
Since the port of Arica was necessary to establish a secure supply line in the area, on May 28, Baquedano sent the "Buin" 1st Line, 3rd Line and 4th Line regiments, along with the Lautaro and Bulnes battalions by train to Arica, totalizing 5,379 soldiers. With the Allied defeat at Tacna, Arica was completely isolated from the rest of the Peruvian territory; with no chance of being reinforced or resupplied, leaving the Peruvian garrison at the port with no other option but to wait for the Chileans. Hence, the encirclement of Arica was completed by June 5 without major troubles. Two divisions were posted at Arica with 1,901 men, under the command of Colonel Francisco Bolognesi, garrisoned in two forts and a set of cannon batteries. On the 6, the Chileans shelled the Peruvian positions by land and sea. After Bolognesi refused to surrender, on June 7, the 3rd Line and 4th Line regiments assailed the "East" and "North" forts, taking the defences with a melee in 55 minutes, vanquishing almost all of its defenders.
Consequences.
The victory of Chile in this campaign meant the dissolution of the Alliance between Peru and Bolivia, since the latter country never fought in the war again. Also, Bolivia became a landlocked country, situation which maintains today. On his hand, Peru lost the Tarapacá department and the port of Arica definitively. Besides, Peru lost control over Tacna for almost fifty years, until Chile returned it in 1929.
Notes.
</div class="references-small">

</doc>
<doc id="20573340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573340" title="Sagda connectens">
Sagda connectens

Sagda connectens is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573346" title="Gulzar Khan">
Gulzar Khan

Gulzar Khan is village of Pishin District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at 31°1'40N 67°10'5E to the north of the district capital Pishin with an altitude of 2384 metres (7824 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573348" title="Makiling (band)">
Makiling (band)

Makiling is a world-music band based in the Philippines. They have been playing music together since December 1997. 
The members of Makiling met during their high school days at Philippine High School for the Arts, and decided to form Makiling back in 1997. Since then, they started accepting professional gigs locally and abroad. 
The music of Makiling is generally classified as world music. But the band likes to call it “Pinoy world music” for its dominant Filipino flavor mixed with influences from Indian, Celtic, Country, Oriental, Moorish, Arabic, Rock, Classical, Jazz and Latin music.
The members of Makiling are Evan Britanico (bass, vocals), Diwa de Leon (violin, hegalong), David Sicam (guitars), Otto Hernandez (percussion), and Wed Lodriga (percussion).

</doc>
<doc id="20573352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573352" title="Dieter Krause">
Dieter Krause

Dieter Krause (born 18 January 1936 in Brandenburg an der Havel) is an East German-German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the mid-1960s. He won a gold medal in the K-1 4 × 500 m event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome (with Paul Lange, Günther Perleberg and Friedhelm Wentzke).
Krause also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 1000 m: 1963), a silver (K-2 1000 m: 1963), and two bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1958, K-1 4 × 500 m: 1963).

</doc>
<doc id="20573354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573354" title="How Do You Like Them Bananas?">
How Do You Like Them Bananas?

How Do You Like Them Bananas? (1966) is the sixth film directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. It consists of a short sketch, done in an improvised slapstick style, featuring a "Reverend" (Sorensen) and a "Banker" (Preece) haggling over a donation to a local parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20573369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573369" title="His Definitive Greatest Hits">
His Definitive Greatest Hits

His Definitive Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American blues musician B. B. King. It was compiled by Richard Ganter and released on April 12, 1999 by Universal Music TV.

</doc>
<doc id="20573370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573370" title="1980–81 Slovenian Republic League">
1980–81 Slovenian Republic League


</doc>
<doc id="20573379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573379" title="The Forbidden Tree">
The Forbidden Tree

The Forbidden Tree is a novel of manners by the American writer Elizabeth Moorhead (1865–1955) set in 1920s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of Charles Maynard, a young university professor struggling to find the love of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="20573381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573381" title="Phoenix Hagen">
Phoenix Hagen

Phoenix Hagen is a German professional basketball club that is based in Hagen.
History.
The club was founded in May 2004 in the wake of the insolvency of former top club Brandt Hagen. Brandt Hagen was forced to cease club operation in the Basketball Bundesliga (BBL) immediately in December 2003. Phoenix Hagen is not the legal successor of Brandt Hagen, but an independent new club founded to continue the basketball tradition in Hagen.
Phoenix Hagen was playing in the PRO A division of the German second basketball league until the 2008–09 season. The club rented the license for operating in this league from BG DEK/Fichte Hagen. In the 2008–09 season of the Pro A Phoenix Hagen secured the second place. This position qualifided the team for promotion to BBL in the season 2009–10. 
Starting with season 2008–09 a Phoenix Hagen women's team is playing in the second women's league DBBL. This team is run in collaboration with the sports club TSV Hagen 1860, from which all players originate.
Phoenix Hagen wants to promote young basketball talents to ensure high-performance sport for the long term. The young talents team "Phoenix Hagen Juniors" plays in the north-west division of the first league for Germany's up-and-coming players (NBBL). In the first season of existence of the NBBL (2007–08), the Phoenix juniors team became vice champions.
Season by season.
Top 5 Table.
Positions one and two qualify for a promotion to the Basketball Bundesliga (BBL). Phoenix Hagen has finished the season as first runner-up and hence has qualified by sportive means for promotion to BBL for the coming season 2009–10 (see license issue below).
Licence and Arena issue.
The home arena "Ischelandhalle" has a capacity of 1,800. The minimum capacity requirement for the BBL is 3,000. A refurbishment and enlargement to a capacity of 3,000 of the current building is planned for the 2009–10 season. Therefore an alternative location is required for that period. Three options were considered by Phoenix Hagen: a tent solution in Hagen with a capacity of 3,500, an alternative gym in Hagen or a location near Hagen. On 23 April 2009 the BBL refused the application of Phoenix Hagen for a license to play in the BBL. In the application the tent solution was proposed, which has been the reason for the rejection. Within a week after the rejection Phoenix Hagen had the right to appeal against the decision. Phoenix Hagen evaluated the feasibility of converting a building, which is located in Hagen and is currently hosting badminton and tennis courts. As an alternative solution outside of Hagen, the gym "Uni Sporthalle" of the University of Wuppertal was considered. The appeal to the BBL was staged with the plans and contracts for the Hagen solution. On Tuesday 02/05/09 the responsible board of the BBL decided to send a delegation to the proposed location in Hagen to inspect the site before making a final decision on the licence. On Friday 08/05/09 the BBL canceled their previous decision and granted a licence with resolutive condition. Phoenix Hagen is eligible to maintain the licence, if progress requirements for the setup of the basketball arena will be fulfilled. The temporary arena is planned to have a capacity of 3,035. On Monday 06/07/09 the BBL announced that Phoenix Hagen has fulfilled the requirements regarding its economic performance. Phoenix Hagen will have to present the arena converted and ready for match operation by 31 July 2009, which forms the final hurdle towards the 2009–10 BBL licence. In the 08/05/09 press release the BBL already stated that it expects Phoenix Hagen also to meet these requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="20573393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573393" title="A Treatise of Civil Power">
A Treatise of Civil Power

A Treatise of Civil Power was published by John Milton in February 1659. The work argues over the definition and nature of heresy and free thought, and Milton tries to convince the new English Parliament to further his cause. 
Background.
"A Treatise of Civil Power in Ecclesiastical Causes" was published in February 1659 after Richard Cromwell established a new Parliament. Milton addresses the tract to Cromwell and Parliament because he was afraid of the various positions of the Interregnum government that promoted intolerance and limited the free speech of individuals (like Milton himself).
Tract.
Although Milton knew that the word "heresy" was used as a pejorative, Milton believed that the term was properly defined as "only the choise or following of any opinion good or bad in religion or any other learning". Furthermore, he argues that a man is only moved "by the inward perswasive motions of his spirit".
The text is primarily concerned about the covenants formed between men and of agreements: "Let who so will interpret or determine, so it be according to true church; which is exercis'd on them only who have willingly joined themselves in that covnant of union".
Themes.
Milton believed that an individual's conscience was more important than any external factors or forces. He uses heresy in a neutral manner in order to place the concept as an obligation of true Christians. The work, according to John Shawcross, is like other of his later works in that it contains "A fusion of submission and revolution". Thomas Corns believes the language of the text is subdued compared and contains little of the powers of language found within Milton's earlier prose.

</doc>
<doc id="20573395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573395" title="Say What">
Say What

Say What may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20573406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573406" title="Sagda jayana">
Sagda jayana

Sagda jayana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573407" title="Gulzar Khanwala">
Gulzar Khanwala

Gulzar Khanwala is village of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 30°36'25N 70°42'10E lying to the north of the district capital Dera Ghazi Khan - with an altitude of .

</doc>
<doc id="20573409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573409" title="Houston Cougars women's basketball">
Houston Cougars women's basketball

The Houston Cougars women's basketball team represents the University of Houston in NCAA Division I women's basketball. Coached by interim head coach Wade Scott, the team plays their home games at Hofheinz Pavilion on-campus at the University of Houston.
Year by year results.
Conference tournament winners noted with # Source

</doc>
<doc id="20573421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573421" title="Vermont Route 66">
Vermont Route 66

Vermont Route 66 is a short state highway located entirely within the town of Randolph in Orange County, Vermont, United States. It serves as a connection between the center and east side of the town.
Vermont Technical College is located near the midpoint of Route 66, about a mile east of its interchange with Interstate 89.
Route description.
Route 66 begins at an intersection with Route 12 in downtown Randolph, near the southern terminus of Route 12A. It runs northeast towards the town center and interchanges with I-89 at Exit 4. Route 66 continues east into Randolph Center, where it passes Vermont Technical College. Route 66 turns to the north and then to the east out of the town center, before cutting to the southeast and ending at Route 14 in East Randolph.

</doc>
<doc id="20573429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573429" title="William Finch (bishop)">
William Finch (bishop)

William Finch was appointed Bishop of Taunton under the provisions of the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534 in 1538, a post he held to his death in 1559. He had previously been Prior of Breamore before his elevation to the Episcopate. He was additionally the incumbent at West Camel from 1536.

</doc>
<doc id="20573443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573443" title="R.J. Corman Railroad/Pennsylvania Lines">
R.J. Corman Railroad/Pennsylvania Lines

R.J. Corman Railroad/Pennsylvania Lines is a railroad in the R.J. Corman Railroad Group, operating a number of lines in central Pennsylvania. It primarily carries coal between mines and Norfolk Southern Railway connections at Cresson and Keating. The trackage was acquired from Conrail in 1996, when the latter company sold its "Clearfield Cluster"; Norfolk Southern acquired nearby Conrail lines in 1999. This is the longest R.J. Corman owned line, at over 300 miles in length.
History.
RJCP trackage includes lines formerly owned by the Pennsylvania Railroad (from the Cambria and Clearfield Railway), New York Central Railroad (through its Beech Creek Railroad and Beech Creek Extension Railroad subsidiaries), and the jointly-controlled Cherry Tree and Dixonville Railroad. They came under common control with the 1968 creation of the Penn Central Transportation Company, and passed to Conrail in 1976. That company decided to sell the lines, which it called the "Clearfield Cluster", in 1995, and RJCP began operating them on January 2, 1996. The sale included the following lines, as well as a number of other branches:
Between Curwensville and Clearfield, Conrail operated via trackage rights over the Clearfield and Mahoning Railway (C&M), subsidiary of the Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad (B&P), which had acquired it from CSX Transportation. B&P operations were terminated in 1992, when the line west of Curwensville was abandoned, and Conrail acquired control of the C&M in a late 1992-early 1993 swap, where the B&P acquired an isolated Conrail line for operation as Bradford Industrial Rail. Conrail sold the C&M to Richard J. Corman, owner of RJCP, effective January 26, 1996, and it remains a non-operating subsidiary.
Trail to Rails.
In May 2012, the Surface Transportation Board granted the railroad permission to reclaim 20 miles of track in Clarence, Pennsylvania abandoned by Conrail in 1990, 10 miles which had been converted into the Snow Shoe Rails to Trails. The decision was a major victory for both the company and the railroad industry in general, as there are few instances in the U.S. where an abandoned corridor-turned-rail trail has reverted to an active railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20573459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573459" title="Gulzari">
Gulzari

Gulzari is a village in Lakki Marwat District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located at 32°36'48N 70°31'52E with an altitude of 360 metres (1184 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573467" title="Ars Musica">
Ars Musica

Founded in 1989, Ars Musica is an annual contemporary music international festival that takes place in Brussels during several weeks, usually in March. Nowadays, Ars musica is one of the biggest world festival for contemporary music. Famous composers were all present: from Ligeti to Stockhausen, from Lachenmann to Huber, from Boulez to Berio.
World premieres.
Based on a theme, the programming of the festival presents an inventory of musical creation in relation to its Belgian, European and overseas partners. Several concerts per day have permitted to cover about 700 composers in 20 years of existence, on the average 35 new composers every year. The catalogue of works performed is approximately one hundred concerts per session.

</doc>
<doc id="20573485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573485" title="Gulzarpur">
Gulzarpur

Gulzarpur (), (Gurmukhi: ਗੁਲਜ਼ਾਰਪੁਰ), is a village in Multan District in West Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at 30°6'0N 71°34'0E lying to the south-east of the district capital Multan - with an altitude of 114 metres (377 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573489" title="Sagda cookiana">
Sagda cookiana

Sagda cookiana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573511" title="Gulzarwala">
Gulzarwala

Gulzarwala is village of Dera Ghazi Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 30°20'50N 70°39'45E lying to the north of the district capital Dera Ghazi Khan - with an altitude of 126 metres (416 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20573523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573523" title="Blood Bank (EP)">
Blood Bank (EP)

Blood Bank is a 2009 EP by Bon Iver. It was released on January 20, 2009, and features four tracks, three of them recorded for the release. The album is a follow-up to Vernon's award-winning debut album "For Emma, Forever Ago", released in 2008. The title track was written with the previous album but didn't "feel right" and was never released.
"Woods" was sampled in Kanye West's single "Lost in the World" from his 2010 album "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy", and re-recorded as "Still" by Justin Vernon's side-project, Volcano Choir, for their debut album "Unmap". It was featured in a Series 3 episode of "Skins".
Information.
Jagjaguwar has said the following about the content of the EP:
As much as "Emma" is about the cold, the "Blood Bank" collection is about the warmth that gets you through it. You can feel the air move. Like a fire you've been stoking for hours and finally got to sustain itself, the heat blisters your face while your back is frozen solid.
The album entered the Billboard 200 at No. 16 with 23,000 copies sold. 79 percent of the sales were digital.
Personnel.
Band
Additional Musicians
Design

</doc>
<doc id="20573526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573526" title="Sagda alveare">
Sagda alveare

Sagda alveare is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573534" title="Hartman Personality Profile">
Hartman Personality Profile

The Color Code Personality Profile also known as "The Color Code" or "The People Code", created by Dr. Taylor Hartman, divides personalities into four colors: Red (motivated by power), Blue (motivated by intimacy), White (motivated by peace), and Yellow (motivated by fun). Although different groups of people have different demographics, the general breakdown suggests that Reds comprise 25% of the population; Blues 35%; Whites 20%; and Yellows 20%. A 45-question test assesses one's color.
Classifying the Motive Types.
The main idea behind the Hartman Personality Profile is that all people possess one of four driving "core motives." The driving core motives are classified into four colors: Red, motivated by power; Blue, motivated by intimacy; White, motivated by peace; and Yellow, motivated by fun. Hartman believes the system is simple and at the same time profound.
Reds: The Power Wielders.
Reds are the power wielders of the world. Reds use logic, vision and determination. From a Red perspective, emotion has nothing to do with completing tasks.
Red Strengths
Reds are: Action oriented, Assertive, Confident, Decisive, Determined, Disciplined, Independent, Leaders, Logical, Pragmatic, Proactive, Productive, Responsible, and Task-Dominant.
Red Limitations
Reds often have to be right. They may come across as harsh and critical, even when they don't mean to. Reds can be cheap. They may tend to give priority to work over personal relationships. Reds may be poor listeners. They can also exhibit controlling and domineering traits.
Blues: The Do-gooders.
Life is a sequence of commitments for blues. They thrive on relationships and willingly sacrifice personal gain. Blues are highly demanding perfectionists. They can be distrusting and worry prone. They are complex and intuitive and can be very opinionated. Blues can also be emotional and moody. Blues can be self-righteous and insecure and can also be very self-disciplined and sincere.
Blue Strengths
Blues are steady, ordered and enduring. Blues love with passion. They bring culture and dependency to society and home. They are highly committed and loyal. They are comfortable in creative environments. They strive to be the best they can be.
Blue Limitations
Blues are the most controlling of the four colors. They can be insecure and judgmental. Lacking trust, they find themselves resentful or unforgiving. They often fail at seeing the positive side of life. They want so badly to be loved and accepted, constantly seeking understanding from others while often refusing to understand and accept themselves.
Whites: The Peacekeepers.
Motivated by Peace, Whites will do anything to avoid confrontation. Their only demands from life are the things that make them feel comfortable. That feeling fosters their need to feel good inside.
White Strengths 
Whites are kind, considerate, patient and accepting. They are devoid of ego. They are good at constructing thoughts that did not exist before, just from careful listening and taking time to think things through.
White Limitations
Whites don’t commonly share what they are feeling, understanding or seeing. They won't express conflict. Whites may be unwilling to set goals. They dislike working at someone else’s pace. They can be somewhat self-deprecating.
Yellows: The Fun Lovers.
Yellows are motivated by Fun. They are here to have a great time.
Yellow Strengths
Yellows are enthusiastic. They are very persuasive. They are spontaneous in nature. They are always looking for something new to do.
Yellow Limitations
They develop friendships with ease but can be very self-centered, keeping them from forming meaningful relationships. Often they have lots of friends, but only on a superficial level. Yellows may have difficulty getting down to business.

</doc>
<doc id="20573553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573553" title="1919–20 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1919–20 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1919–20 campaign was one of the most memorable season in Town's entire history. It could even have been their last, after just 12 years. This was mainly because of plans to amalgamate the club with the new Leeds United team. However, Town's fan bought shares in the team, which saw the team survive and then gain promotion to the top-flight, as well as an appearance in the FA Cup Final against Aston Villa.
Review.
After the end of World War I, the league schedule was returned to its normal status with Town still in Division 2. However, people were starting to wonder what the future would hold for the club after the club's first England international Jack Cock was sold to Chelsea. Then it was revealed that the club was to amalgamate with the new Leeds United team, formed following the demise of Leeds City. But, the people of Huddersfield rallied round and bought £30,000 worth of shares, which saw the club survive for the time being.
Following the club's rescue, the teams form dramatically improved and Town were fighting for an automatic promotion place. This was primarily achieved thanks to a run of losing only 1 out of their last 25 matches. That got them a finishing position of 2nd place behind Tottenham Hotspur.
The season is also noted for the club's first FA Cup Final, reached after beating Brentford, Newcastle United, Plymouth Argyle, Liverpool and Bristol City, before playing Aston Villa in the final at Stamford Bridge, before losing to Billy Kirton's goal in extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="20573560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573560" title="Sagda foremaniana">
Sagda foremaniana

Sagda foremaniana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573574" title="Georges Turlier">
Georges Turlier

Georges Turlier (born July 16, 1931) is a French sprint canoer who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the C-2 10000 m event at Helsinki in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20573596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573596" title="Sagda triptycha">
Sagda triptycha

Sagda triptycha is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573612" title="Rodney Hill">
Rodney Hill

Rodney Hill FRS (11 June 1921 – 2 February 2011) was an applied mathematician and a former Professor of Mechanics of Solids at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
In 1953 he was appointed Professor of Applied Mathematics at Nottingham University. His 1950 "The Mathematical Theory of Plasticity" forms the foundation of plasticity theory. Hill is widely regarded as among the foremost contributors to the foundations of solid mechanics over the second half of the 20th century. His early work was central to founding the mathematical theory of plasticity. This deep interest led eventually to general studies of uniqueness and stability in nonlinear continuum mechanics, work which has had a profound influence on the field of solid mechanics—theoretical, computational and experimental alike—over the past decades. Hill was the founding editor of the Journal of the Mechanics and Physics of Solids, still among the principal journals in the field.
His work is recognized worldwide for its concise style of presentation and exemplary standards of scholarship. Publisher Elsevier, in collaboration with IUTAM, established a quadrennial award in the field of solid mechanics, known as the Rodney Hill Prize, first presented at ICTAM in Adelaide in August 2008. The prize consists of a plaque and a cheque for US$25,000. Its first recipient is Michael Ortiz, for his contribution to nonconvex plasticity and deformation microstructures (California Institute of Technology, USA).
He won the Royal Medal in 1993 for his contribution to the theoretical mechanics of soil and the plasticity of solids. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1961. He was awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Science) by the University of Bath in 1978.
He died on 2 February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20573618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573618" title="Scott Lawton (boxer)">
Scott Lawton (boxer)

Scott Lawton is an English professional boxer who has competed in the lightweight and super featherweight divisions. He comes from Stoke-on-Trent, is a two-time English lightweight champion and has challenged for the full British and Commonwealth lightweight titles as well as the full European super featherweight title.
Professional career.
Lawton's professional debut came in September 2001 with a win overs Dave Hinds at the Elephant & Castle Center in Southwark. He fought nine more times (winning 9 and losing 1) before being given the chance to fight for his first professional title in June 2004. The title on the line was the Midlands Area lightweight belt and he claimed the belt with a 10 round points win over experienced journeyman Carl Allen at the Octagon Center in Sheffield. He would defend the belt only once in May 2006 when he beat Baz Carey at the King's Hall in Stoke. Between the Allen and Carey fights he fought eight times, winning six times with one draw and a defeat to Alan Temple.
English champion and title challenger.
Following the victory over Carey, Lawton's next significant fight in June 2006 was for the vacant English title beating Stefy Bull in the 8th round at the Doncaster Dome. Two more wins over journeyman opponents gave the man from Stoke a record of 20-2-1 and set him up for a shot at the full British title in March 2007. The fight against reigning champ Jon Thaxton was a big step up however and Thaxton won in the 7th round. His very next fight was to be a challenge for the Commonwealth title, this time fighting Amir Khan. As before his big night would end in disappointment with Khan scoring a win in the 4th round. The decision to fight Khan meant that Lawton was unable to defend his English championship which had to be vacated.
Lawton rebounded with four straight wins setting himself up for a shot at the new and unbeaten English champion Martin Gethin in December 2008. The fight ended in the 9th round when Gethin suffered a large cut on his head. Lawton was at the time ahead on the scorecards and was awarded the fight to became a two-time English champion at the Trent FM Arena in Nottingham.
On 13 June 2009 Lawton again challenged for the British title, travelling to the Robin Park Arena in Wigan to fight Manchester's John Murray. The fight again ended in disappointment for Lawton as he once again came up short at championship level, the referee stopping the fight in the sixth round ensuring a third championship defeat for Lawton. After the fight Lawton said that the result had made him consider his future in the sport saying "I'm 32 now and you can't keep going on forever. It's something that I've got to think hard about"
Move to super featherweight.
Following the Murray defeat, Lawton took the decision to move down a weight division to super featherweight. His first fight at the weight saw him return to Stoke-on-Trent to fight on the Hatton Promotions card held in the city. His first opponent was a man moving up in weight, the former WBU champion Derry Mathews. Lawton won the fight via stoppage in the sixth round and afterwards claimed it was the "biggest fight of his career". The win paved the way for an a crack at the vacant super featherweight European title against former holder French based Armenian Leva Kirakosyan. Kirakosyan, whose last visit to the UK saw him defeat the then British champion Carl Johanneson, held the title in 2007 only to lose it to Belarussian Sergey Gulyakevich. The fight on 19 February 2010 topped the bill of a Hatton Promotions bill in Stoke ended in a third round defeat for Lawton with the Armenian putting him down in the first minute and causing him to have a standing count in the second.
Prizefighter.
On 20 November 2010 Lawton returned to the ring to take part in the Prizefighter tournament which featured boxers from the super featherweight division. Prior to the competition he claimed that a win would "open doorways" and possibly lead to another shot at the British title. The draw for the knock out style tournament gave Lawton a taste of what might happen if he did fight for the British belt once again as he faced the reigning British champion Gary Sykes in the quarter finals. Sykes however was too good for Scott on the night and ran out a comfortable points winner over the three rounds although ended up losing himself in the semi-finals to eventual winner Gary Buckland.
Retirement.
Lawton challenged previous victim Derry Mathews for the IBO International lightweight title on 22 January 2011, stating prior to the fight that it would be his last. The fight, in Liverpool, resulted in all three judges scoring for Mathews with the fight going the full 12 rounds despite a knock down for Lawton in the sixth. Speaking after the fight Lawton said "I finished off with a good last round ... I was getting to him towards the end of the fight and he didn't want to stand and trade with me ... I kept throwing shots and nothing was coming back. I had him on the ropes and he had to bite on his gum shield to get through it". Announcing his retirement from boxing Lawton said that he would now concentrate on training boxers at the Impact gym saying "I'm going to miss boxing. It's been a massive part of my life – and it's been fun ... But I'm getting on and needed to start thinking of doing something else. I'm going to concentrate on training champions."

</doc>
<doc id="20573621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573621" title="Mars ocean hypothesis">
Mars ocean hypothesis

The Mars ocean hypothesis states that nearly a third of the surface of Mars was covered by an ocean of liquid water early in the planet’s geologic history. 
This primordial ocean, dubbed Paleo-Ocean and Oceanus Borealis, would have filled the Vastitas Borealis basin in the northern hemisphere, a region which lies 4–5 km (2.5–3 miles) below the mean planetary elevation, at a time period of approximately 3.8 billion years ago. Evidence for this ocean includes geographic features resembling ancient shorelines, and the chemical properties of the Martian soil and atmosphere. Early Mars would have required a denser atmosphere and warmer climate to allow liquid water to remain at the surface.
History of observational evidence.
Features shown by the Viking orbiters in 1976, revealed two possible ancient shorelines near the pole, Arabia and Deuteronilus, each thousands of kilometers long. Several physical features in the present geography of Mars suggest the past existence of a primordial ocean. Networks of gullies that merge into larger channels imply erosion by a liquid agent, and resemble ancient riverbeds on Earth. Enormous channels, 25 km wide and several hundred meters deep, appear to direct flow from underground aquifers in the Southern uplands into the Northern plains. Much of the northern hemisphere of Mars is located at a significantly lower elevation than the rest of the planet (the Martian dichotomy), and is unusually flat.
These observations led a number of researchers to look for remnants of more ancient coastlines and further raised the possibility that such a ocean once existed. In 1987, John E. Brandenburg published the hypothesis of a primordial Mars ocean he dubbed Paleo-Ocean. The ocean hypothesis is important because the existence of large bodies of liquid water in the past would have had a significant impact on ancient Martian climate, habitability potential and implications for the search for evidence of past life on Mars. 
Beginning in 1998, scientists Michael Malin and Kenneth Edgett set out to investigate with higher resolution cameras onboard the Mars Global Surveyor with a resolution five to ten times better than Viking, in places that would test shorelines proposed by others in the scientific literature. Their analysis were inconclusive at best, and reported that the shoreline varies in elevation by several kilometers, rising and falling from one peak to the next for thousands of miles. These trends casted doubt on whether the features truly marked a long-gone sea coast and, have been taken as an argument against the Martian shoreline (and ocean) hypothesis.
The Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter (MOLA), which accurately determined in 1999 the altitude of all parts of Mars, found that the watershed for an ocean on Mars would cover three-quarters of the planet. The unique distribution of crater types below 2400 m elevation in the Vastitas Borealis was studied in 2005. The researchers suggest that erosion involved significant amounts of sublimation, and an ancient ocean at that location would have encompassed a volume of 6 x 107 km3.
Scientists Taylor Perron and Michael Manga, proposed in 2007 a geophysical model that, after adjustment for true polar wander caused by mass redistributions from volcanism, the Martian paleo-shorelines first proposed in 1987 by John E. Brandenburgin, meet this criterion. The model indicates that these undulating Martian shorelines "can be explained by the movement of Mars' spin axis". Because spinning objects bulge at their equator, the polar wander could have caused shoreline elevation shifts similar to those observed on Mars. Their model does not attempt to explain what caused Mars' rotation axis to move relative to the crust.
Research published in 2009 shows a much higher density of stream channels than formerly believed. Regions on Mars with the most valleys are comparable to what is found on the Earth. In the research, the team developed a computer program to identify valleys by searching for U-shaped structures in topographical data. The large amount of valley networks strongly supports rain on the planet in the past. The global pattern of the Martian valleys could be explained with a big northern ocean. A large ocean in the northern hemisphere would explain why there is a southern limit to valley networks; the southernmost regions of Mars, farthest from the water reservoir, would get little rainfall and would develop no valleys. In a similar fashion the lack of rainfall would explain why Martian valleys become shallower from north to south.
A 2010 study of deltas on Mars revealed that seventeen of them are found at the altitude of a proposed shoreline for a Martian ocean. This is what would be expected if the deltas were all next to a large body of water.
Research published in 2012 using data from MARSIS, a radar on board the Mars Express orbiter, supports the hypothesis of an extinct large, northern ocean. The instrument revealed a dielectric constant of the surface that is similar to with low-density sedimentary deposits, massive deposits of ground-ice, or a combination of the two. The measurements were not like those of a lava-rich surface.
Theoretical issues.
Primordial Martian climate.
The existence of liquid water on the surface of Mars requires both a warmer and thicker atmosphere. Atmospheric pressure on the present day Martian surface only exceeds that of the triple point of water (6.11 hPa) in the lowest elevations; at higher elevations water can exist only in solid or vapor form (assuming pure water). Annual mean temperatures at the surface are currently less than 210 K, significantly less than what is needed to sustain liquid water. However, early in its history Mars may have had conditions more conducive to retaining liquid water at the surface.
Early Mars had a carbon dioxide atmosphere similar in thickness to present-day Earth (1000 hPa). Despite a weak early Sun, the greenhouse effect from a thick carbon dioxide atmosphere, if bolstered with small amounts of methane or insulating effects of carbon dioxide ice clouds, would have been sufficient to warm the mean surface temperature to a value above the freezing point of water. The atmosphere has since been reduced by sequestration in the ground in the form of carbonates through weathering, as well as loss to space through sputtering (an interaction with the solar wind due to the lack of a strong Martian magnetosphere).
The obliquity (axial tilt) of Mars varies considerably on geologic timescales, and has a strong impact on planetary climate conditions.
Chemistry.
Consideration of chemistry can yield additional insight into the properties of Oceanus Borealis. With a Martian atmosphere of predominantly carbon dioxide, one might expect to find extensive evidence of carbonate minerals on the surface as remnants from oceanic sedimentation. An abundance of carbonates has yet to be detected by the Mars space missions. However, if the early oceans were acidic, carbonates would not be able to form. The positive correlation of phosphorus, sulfur, and chlorine in the soil at two landing sites suggest mixing in a large acidic reservoir. Hematite deposits detected by TES have also been argued as evidence of past liquid water.
Analysis of molecular hydrogen to deuterium ratios in the upper Mars atmosphere from the NASA Far Ultraviolet Spectroscopic Explorer spacecraft suggests an abundant water supply on primordial Mars.
Fate of the ocean.
Given the proposal of a vast primordial ocean on Mars, the fate of the water requires explanation. As the Martian climate cooled, the surface of the ocean would have frozen. One hypothesis states that part of the ocean remains in a frozen state buried beneath a thin layer of rock, debris, and dust on the flat northern plain Vastitas Borealis. The water could have also been absorbed into the subsurface cryosphere or been lost to the atmosphere (by sublimation) and eventually to space through atmospheric sputtering.
Alternate explanations.
The existence of a primordial Martian ocean remains controversial among scientists. The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter's High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment (HiRISE) has discovered large boulders on the site of the ancient seabed, which should contain only fine sediment. However, the boulders could have been dropped by icebergs, a process common on Earth. The interpretations of some features as ancient shorelines has been challenged.
Alternate theories for the creation of surface gullies and channels include wind erosion, liquid carbon dioxide, and liquid methane.
Confirmation or refutation of the Mars ocean hypothesis awaits additional observational evidence from future Mars missions.

</doc>
<doc id="20573625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573625" title="Jean Laudet">
Jean Laudet

Jean Laudet (born August 5, 1930) is a French sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s. He won a gold medal in the C-2 10000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20573634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573634" title="Rimantas Astrauskas">
Rimantas Astrauskas

Rimantas Astrauskas (b. 1955-03-16 in Panevėžys, Lithuania) is a physicist, ecologist, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="20573648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573648" title="Sagda spiculosa">
Sagda spiculosa

Sagda spiculosa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573664" title="Winifred Watkins">
Winifred Watkins

Winifred May Watkins, FRS (6 August 1924 — 3 October 2003) was a British biochemist at the Imperial College School of Medicine.
Biography.
Watkins was born in Shepherds Bush and she had one elder sister. Her father worked as an engraver but he was an artist in his spare time. She took to science after she won a scholarship to Godolphin and Latymer Girl’s School in Hammersmith. In 1939 the whole school was evacuated from London with no forward planning for where the school would stay. Watkins returned to London after a year.
She had intended to study medicine but the war meant that she had to work whilst studying at the Chelsea Polytechnic. She started a lifelong collaboration with Walter Morgan and she obtained special permission to be credited on a joint paper as she lacked the qualifications normally required. She eventually obtained a degree in Physics and Chemistry in 1947 from London University. After studying at St Bartholomew’s Hospital Medical
School she obtained a doctorate in Biochemistry from the University of London in 1950. She was working on the science of blood and blood groups and she joined a specialist group at the Lister Institute.
Following her publication of an important paper that explained the biosynthesis of blood groups she was funded to work at the University of California. Awards followed for her contribution to blood transfusion and she was made a fellow of the Royal Society in 1969 and of the University of London in 1970.
She won the Royal Medal in 1988, and was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences:""In recognition of her fundamental contributions towards an understanding of the biochemical genetics of carbohydrate antigens on cell surfaces and in secreted glycoproteins.""

</doc>
<doc id="20573687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573687" title="Sagda torrefacta">
Sagda torrefacta

Sagda torrefacta is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573689" title="Whitney Laboratory for Marine Bioscience">
Whitney Laboratory for Marine Bioscience

The Whitney Laboratory for Marine Bioscience or Whitney Marine Lab at the University of Florida is a research and teaching facility, that conducts research pertaining to Marine Bioscience.
The Marine lab can be traced back to the benefactor Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney, who donated numerous acres to the University of Florida so that a site could be used. It was the intention of this benefactor to study the natural history of marine animals. Whitney paid a large share of the construction costs, and the Laboratory officially opened on January 30, 1974. In the years that followed an additional building, named Whitney Hall, containing dormitory rooms, conference centers, and apartments were constructed with funds provided primarily by Cornelius and Marylou Whitney.

</doc>
<doc id="20573697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573697" title="Kobuta, Pennsylvania">
Kobuta, Pennsylvania

Kobuta is an unincorporated community in Potter Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located along the Ohio River, due west of Monaca, southwest of Industry, and southeast of Beaver. The area was the site of a chemical plant during World War II, owned by the Koppers United Company, predecessor to Koppers Company, Inc. The company produced the chemical butadiene, an ingredient of synthetic rubber. The name of the area came from the combination of "Koppers" and "butadiene". The community has largely disappeared from modern maps, except for a few business names.

</doc>
<doc id="20573704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573704" title="Wilfrid Loizeau">
Wilfrid Loizeau

Wilfrid Loizeau (born 20 March 1985 in Paris) is a French-born Guadeloupean soccer player, who currently plays with Swiss club FC Bavois.
Loizeau plays primarily on the right and left wings for Guadeloupe, but also as a central attacking midfielder.
Career.
Early career.
After passing through the renowned youth academies of Le Havre and Auxerre, Loizeau spent the early years of his professional career with Créteil (then in Ligue 2) and Paris FC (then in Championnat National) before moving abroad in 2006, to Romanian Liga II side Petrolul Ploieşti.
SIAD Most (Czech Republic).
After a brief spell in Romania, in the summer of 2007 Loizeau signed with SIAD Most, then competing in the Gambrinus liga, the top league in the Czech Republic. Most loaned Loizeau for the season to their subsidiary club Chmel Blšany in the Bohemian Football League (ČFL). In 2007–08 Loizeau made 11 appearances (all starts) for Blšany. At the end of the season (and the loan period), Most was relegated to the Czech 2. Liga, so rather than return to Most, Loizeau decided to leave Czech Republic.
Vitória de Setúbal (Portugal).
Loizeau spent most of preseason 2008–09 with Vitória de Setúbal of the Portuguese Liga, the top league in Portugal. During the spell Loizeau played in friendly matches against several top clubs, including English Premier League side Sunderland. Loizeau performed well and very nearly signed with the Portuguese club, but supposedly his contract could not be "approved for administrative reasons" and was nothing at all due to the fact he could not even kick a ball in a straight line.
Royal Excelsior Virton (Belgium).
After his time in Portugal, Loizeau arrived in Belgium for trials. After playing in a friendly match for Belgian Second Division club Royal Antwerp FC against Excelsior Virton, the opposing side Virton, also of the Belgian Second Division, quickly offered Loizeau a contract. Loizeau officially signed a one year contract with Virton on 16 October 2008; the contract included a clause that would allow Loizeau to leave the club during the winter transfer window.
In December 2008 Loizeau was called into the Guadeloupe National Team's squad for the final round of the 2008 Caribbean Championship in Jamaica. R.E. Virton officials were not happy with Loizeau's decision to accept his national team's invitation; as a result, when Loizeau returned to Belgium following the Caribbean Championship, he and the club decided to part ways.
United States.
In 2009, Loizeau moved to the United States to play with Atlanta Blackhawks in the USL Premier Development League. Following his time in Atlanta, Wilfrid was offered a contract at MLS outfit San Jose Earthquakes but decided that it was not the right move for him at the time. On 11 February 2010, AC St. Louis of the USSF Division 2 Professional League announced it had signed Loizeau to play with the team in 2010 after he had failed to turn up to other trials he had organised in Europe.; however, Wilfrid's eventual move to St. Louis did not go through for unknown reasons, as he did not end up on AC St. Louis' final roster for the season.
Switzerland.
After the departure of Atlanta Silverbacks signed in summer 2009 for Swiss 1.Liga Gruppe 1 club FC Bavois.
International career.
Loizeau made his Guadeloupe National Team debut at the Final Round of the 2006–07 Caribbean Nations Cup that was played in January 2007 in Trinidad & Tobago. His debut match was on 14 January 2007, a 2–1 win over Cuba.
Loizeau scored his first goal for Guadeloupe in the following group match, a 4–3 loss to Guyana on 16 January 2007. In total, Loizeau made four appearances at the Finals, scoring one goal, as Guadeloupe finished fourth overall.
Loizeau was called into Guadeloupe's squad for the Final Round of the 2008 Caribbean Championship played in December 2008 in Jamaica. Loizeau made four appearances (three starts) at the Finals, as Guadeloupe finished third overall.

</doc>
<doc id="20573708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573708" title="Cannabis in the United Kingdom">
Cannabis in the United Kingdom

Cannabis is the most widely used illegal drug in the United Kingdom. It is a plant which is not native to the British Isles but one that was probably introduced from Continental Europe towards the end of the Roman occupation. The old traditional name in Britain for "Cannabis sativa" was hemp and that name is still used in the United Kingdom, although nowadays it refers almost exclusively to the non-psychoactive strains of the plant typically cultivated by growers and processors of industrial cannabis. The word "cannabis" is contemporaneously used as a generic term for plants and plant products deliberately grown for, or because of, their psychoactive properties; that is, the ones that can 'get you high'.
A number of organisations advocate a reform of its legality, such as NORML UK, UKCSC Drug Equality Alliance and Cannabis Law Reform while other organizations such as the Centre for Social Justice and Skunk Sense advocate that cannabis remains illegal.
History.
The oldest evidence of cannabis in Britain is of some seeds found in a well in York. Over time its cultivation spread wildly. The medical properties of cannabis have been recorded since the dawn of history and it is mentioned (as hænep) in the surviving text of an Anglo-Saxon herbal. However, since it appears to have been mostly grown around the coastal areas it suggests the main reason for cultivating it was undoubtedly as a source of vegetable fibre which was stronger and more durable than stinging nettle or flax. This makes it ideal for making into cordage, ropes, fishing nets and canvas. Indeed, when cannabis is grown for fibre it is sown close together so that the plants need to grow tall and strong to compete with each other for light. This encourages the cannabis plants to produces more fibre at the expense of the medically useful cannabinoid compounds.
In order for Henry VIII to expand his navy he found it necessary to decree in 1533 to compel landlords to set aside 1/240th (0.42%) of their tillable land, to the growing of hemp, ensuring an adequate supply of fibre. Elizabeth I increased production still more and went further by imposed a £5 fine on any eligible landowner who refused to grow it. As more fibre became available so people found other uses for it and it so it became an important part of the British economy. Eventually, demand had expanded to the point that the demand for more fibre was part of the driving force to colonize new lands. Thanks to its hardiness and ease of cultivation, it became an ideal crop to grow in the new British colonies. Moreover, the naval ships built to protect the new colonies and those built to bring the hemp back, also increased demand, as every two years or so much of their two hundred tonnes of ropes and sail cloth had to be renewed.
Cannabis's enduring legacy on British culture.
The cannabis plant and its products were so ubiquitous in Britain that it has left many cultural traces behind.
Places.
Place names of important centres of the former hemp industry still contain the name of hemp such as Hempriggs in Caithness and Hempland in Dumfriesshire.
In literature.
Let gallows gape for dog, let man go free
And let not hemp his wind-pipe suffocate.
– "Henry V", Act 3, Scene 6
Usage.
Cannabis/Hemp: Queen Victoria used Cannabis for menstrual pain relief. Henry Ford used Hemp in the plastic in his cars. Shell used it in their oils and Lord Nelson built his ships with it. It is also used as a health supplement (hemp seed) and for things such as clothing, ropes, "hemp-crete" (a new form of hemp concrete) among many other examples.
Modern industrial cannabis market.
Since 1993 the Home Office has been granting licence for the purposes of cultivating and processing cannabis. The UK government now provides free business advice and support services for growers and processors of cannabis for fibre. They can also issue licences for importing fibre in the form of hemp from abroad. The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) provides help and advice with obtaining financial assistance via the Single Payment Scheme. In England further funding may be available from Rural Development Programme for England.
Medicinal products containing cannabis.
Apart from a synthetic cannabinoid called Nabilone, (which has many side effects), the only cannabis based medicine licensed for medical-prescription in the UK is Sativex. This medication can be prescribed by a doctor to treat nausea and vomiting caused by cytotoxic chemotherapy; the latter is indicated only for the treatment of spasticity caused by the degenerative, incurable and rare neurological-condition multiple sclerosis. For other indications approval needs to be first sought from the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency. EU-residents prescribed medical products containing cannabis are permitted to be in possession of cannabis whilst freely travelling throughout the United Kingdom. Although it is possible to use all kinds of cannabis for medicinal purposes, some are more appropriate for specific conditions than others.However, this does not apply to UK-resident patients, who may not travel to the UK in possession of medicinal cannabis even if they managed to acquire a prescription in a country where it is legal.
Animals.
Mice, rats and fowl are all known to like cannabis seed and it is a favoured food amongst some British pigeon fanciers. The Linnets' fondness of the cannabis seed has earned it the Latin species name of "cannabina". By and large, cannabis seed is too expensive to be used as general feed stock but once the oil has been pressed out the remaining seed cake is still nutritious.
The plant itself has not been used as fodder as too much makes animals sicken, and due to its unpleasant taste they will not eat it unless there is no other food available. The soft core of the cannabis plant which remains after the fibres are removed provides good animal bedding which can absorb more moisture than either straw or wood shavings.
Boiled cannabis seed is frequently used by British sport fishermen, as fish are very fond of this as bait.
Recreational.
Cannabis is widely used throughout the United Kingdom, by people of all ages and from all socio-economic backgrounds. It is also commonplace to request cannabis by price, such as a "Tens" for £10 worth, without question of the weight.
Cannabis is at times linked to young people beginning to smoke tobacco as cannabis is often smoked with tobacco in the United Kingdom, unlike in many other parts of the world. As well as the use of tobacco when smoking cannabis, many people in Britain use a "roach card". As the option of vaporisation becomes more readily available, and as the market for hashish is replaced by herbal cannabis grown in the UK which can be smoked pure in a joint, this association of mixing cannabis with tobacco is becoming weaker.
Prevalence and price.
Cannabis ranges in price across the country. In 2010, prices were deemed to be around £35 for an 'eighth' (of an ounce; 3.5g). In Northern parts of the UK, such as Aberdeen, 'normal' pricing tends to be 1.5-2g for £20, or 2g for £30 although the cannabis is very potent. In general, the larger the quantity bought, the more you'll get for the same price compared to if you bought the bags separately, i.e if you buy an ounce for £220-240, it will contain more than if you buy 11-12 "20 bags", or 22-24 "ten bags". In the lower regions of Scotland cannabis typically sells at between £10–£12.50 per gram, depending on the potency. Regions as the UK such as Wales are often the cheapest place for people looking to buy cannabis, as much of it is grown by Vietnamese immigrants in the South Wales Valleys. These discrepancies tend to decrease as the nominal amount increases, acting as a 'bulk discount' reflecting economies of scale. Also in the cannabis market, inflation tends to reduce the quantity of cannabis that can be purchased for a set price, rather than increase the nominal price of a set quantity ('bag') of cannabis. However, there is a growing acceptance amongst consumers that higher-potency cannabis will be sold at smaller weights or for a higher price.
Legality.
According to the Home Office, "It remains illegal for UK residents to possess cannabis in any form". Giving evidence to 1997–98 parliamentary select committee hearings, the British Medical Association (BMA) said that users of cannabis for medical purposes should be aware of the risks, should enrol for clinical trials, and should talk to their doctors about new alternative treatments; but the BMA did not advise them to stop.
Cannabis is illegal to possess, grow, distribute or sell in the UK without the appropriate licences. It is a Class B drug, with penalties for unlicensed dealing, unlicensed production and unlicensed trafficking of up to 14 years in prison, an unlimited fine, or both. The maximum penalty for unauthorised or sanctioned possession is five years in prison. It is, however, worth noting that a "Cannabis warning" can be issued for small amounts of cannabis (generally less than 1 ounce of herbal cannabis, or a slightly higher quantity of hashish) if it is found to be for personal use. This entails the police keeping a record, albeit one which carries no fine and does not show up on CRB checks (although may well show up on a CRB anyway due to poor police administration). From 2004 to 2009 it was a Class C drug.
Advocacy for law reform.
As prohibition has made psychotropic drugs in general very available, and without controls on adulterants or to whom they are sold, a number of organisations have been set up with the aim of reforming the law on these unregulated substances.
The current Prime Minister David Cameron, when serving in opposition, sat on the Select Committee on Home Affairs and voted to call on the Government to "initiate a discussion" within the UN about "alternative ways — including the possibility of legalisation and regulation — to tackle the global drugs dilemma".
In June 2010, it was revealed that the Home Office had been avoiding complying with the FOI request "to avoid a focus on the gaps in the evidence base" that its current drug policy had.
In 2011, The Global Commission on Drug Policy backed by Richard Branson and Judi Dench called for a review. The Home Office response on behalf of the Prime Minister was: "We have no intention of liberalising our drugs laws. Drugs (sic) are illegal because they are harmful — they destroy lives and cause untold misery to families and communities", despite much evidence that progressive drug policies in fact reduce crime.
In 2012 a panel of MPs, as well as deputy prime-minister Nick Clegg, recommended that drug policy be reformed, as the current policy does not adequately deal with the problem. David Cameron rejected the idea.

</doc>
<doc id="20573715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573715" title="UTE3600 Series">
UTE3600 Series

The 3600 series (Unidad de Tren Eléctrico 3600) is an EMU developed by Babcock and Wilcox for FEVE. It was introduced in 1982 by FEVE, transferred to Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat Valenciana in 1986 and withdrawn from service in 2006.
The 3600 series is quite notable for having been used in a quite number of lines and compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="20573718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573718" title="David Hughes (Somerset cricketer)">
David Hughes (Somerset cricketer)

David Garfield Hughes, born at Taunton, Somerset on 21 May 1934, played one first-class cricket match for Somerset in 1955.
Hughes was a right-handed lower-order batsman and a wicketkeeper, and his single match for Somerset's first team came about because of the (rare) unavailability of the regular wicketkeeper of the 1950s, Harold Stephenson. In the match against Nottinghamshire at County Ground, Taunton, he took one catch and made one stumping, and contributed two runs to Somerset's second innings after not batting in the first.
Hughes played for Somerset's second eleven in the Minor Counties and the Second Eleven Championship over many years, with his final appearance for the side in 1977. He also played Minor Counties cricket for Wiltshire in the 1960s.
External links.
David Hughes at www.cricketarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="20573719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573719" title="List of Belgian football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of Belgian football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of Belgian football transfers for the 2008-09 winter transfer window. Only transfers involving a team from the Jupiler League are listed.
The winter transfer window will open on 1 January 2009, although a few transfers may take place prior to that date. The window will close at midnight on 31 January 2009.
Sorted by team.
Anderlecht.
In:
Out:
Cercle Brugge.
In:
Out:
Charleroi.
In:
Out:
Club Brugge.
In:
Out:
Dender.
In:
Out:
Genk.
In:
Out:
Gent.
In:
Out:
Germinal Beerschot.
In:
Out:
Kortrijk.
In:
Out:
Lokeren.
In:
Out:
Mechelen.
In:
Out:
Mons.
In:
Out:
Mouscron.
In:
Out:
Roeselare.
In:
Out:
Standard Liège.
In:
Out:
Tubize.
In:
Out:
Westerlo.
In:
Out:
Zulte Waregem.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="20573726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573726" title="Sagda pila">
Sagda pila

Sagda pila is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573730" title="KBM">
KBM

Order of Lenin and Order of Labour Red Banner FSUE "KB Mashinostroyeniya or KBM for short (, lit. Machine-Building Design Bureau) is a state defence enterprise, scientific and design R&D centre specialised in missile systems located in Kolomna, Moscow region, Russia.
KBM was founded on 11 April 1942 by order 1576 of the State Defence Committee for the mortar designs. Its first chief was Boris Shavyirin.
Former name - SKB-101, SKB-GA - Special KB of smooth-bore artillery ().
Its main constructors were Sergey Nepobedimiy and Andranik Ter-Stepaniyan.
V. M. Sokolov is currently the Chief and General Designer.
Products.
KBM produced more than 80% of all mortar types in USSR. Also, designed:

</doc>
<doc id="20573732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573732" title="H-1 upgrade program">
H-1 upgrade program

The H-1 upgrade program refers to the United States Marine Corps's program to develop the AH-1Z Viper and UH-1Y Venom to replace its aging fleets of AH-1W SuperCobras and UH-1N Twin Hueys. The former is a twin-engine attack helicopter, while the latter is a medium-sized utility helicopter, also twin-engined. The contract was awarded to Bell Helicopter, the original designer and manufacturer of both helicopters, to design these new airframes as modernized attack and utility helicopters with considerable design commonality to reduce operating costs.
Development.
In August 1995, the Secretary of the Navy authorized the Marine Corps to upgrade its utility and attack helicopters as a bridge until the Joint Replacement Aircraft was available in 2020. In 1996, the Marine Corps launched the H-1 upgrade program by signing a contract with Bell for upgrading 180 AH-1Ws into AH-1Zs and upgrading 100 UH-1Ns into UH-1Ys. While the original contract called for upgrading existing airframes, it was later modified in 2008 to manufacture completely new aircraft. The program also includes aircraft simulators. Richard Aboulafia, an analyst at the Teal Group, suggests that the motivation to upgrade the H-1s instead of buying new Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk and Boeing AH-64 Apache helicopters was to avoid risk to the Bell-Boeing V-22 Osprey program.
The AH-1Z first flew on 8 December 2000. Three prototype aircraft were delivered to NAVAIR's Naval Air Station Patuxent River in July 2002 for the flight test phase of the program. Low-rate initial production followed beginning in October 2003, with deliveries to run through 2018, however, full-rate production was delayed until 2005.
The AH-1Z completed sea-trial flight testing in May 2005. On 15 October 2005, the USMC, through the Naval Air Systems Command, accepted delivery of the first AH-1Z production helicopter to enter the fleet. During the first quarter of 2006, the first production model UH-1Y completed its first flight, and the aircraft were transferred to the Operational Test Unit at the NAS Patuxent River to began operational evaluation (OPEVAL) testing. In February 2008, Bell received a contract for the last 40 AH-1Zs to be built as new airframes instead of the previously planned rebuild of AH-1Ws. Also that same month, the AH-1Z and UH-1Y began the second and final portion of OPEVAL testing.
Bell delivered three upgraded H-1s to the Marine Corps in February 2008. In September 2008, the NAVAIR proposed adding 46 additional AH-1Zs bringing the total number ordered to 226. The additional aircraft will appear on the 2010 fiscal budget request. The final number of UH-1Y acquisitions was also set at 123. Full-rate production was approved in late 2008.
On September 30, 2008, Bell received a contract for Lot 5 H-1 aircraft. These 15 aircraft in Lot 5 include 11 UH-1Ys and four AH-1Zs, bringing the total contacted amount to 49 upgraded H-1 aircraft for the Marine Corps: 37 UH-1Ys and 12 AH-1Zs. At that time, the company had delivered 20 upgraded H-1 helicopters: 14 UH-1Ys and six AH-1Zs. On March 27, 2009, the Navy Department ordered 16 Lot 6 H-1 helicopters. The 16 aircraft in Lot 6 include five AH-1Zs and 11 UH-1Ys, bringing the total contract to produce a total of 65 upgraded H-1 aircraft: 17 AH-1Zs and 48 UH-1Ys. At the time, Bell had delivered 23 upgraded H-1 helicopters: six AH-1Zs and 17 UH-1Ys.
In May 2009, several helicopters were grounded after a manufacturer's defect was detected in the gearbox. The aircraft deployed with the 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit were not affected.
In September 2009, the UH-1Y entered full rate production, with the Marine Corps expected to receive 21 aircraft by the end of the year. The AH-1Z reached initial operational capability in September 2010, and was approved to begin full-rate production on 10 December 2010. The AH-1Z is expected to cost approximately each.
Program manager Colonel Harry Hewson expressed interest in exporting the upgraded aircraft via Foreign Military Sales at the 2010 Farnborough Airshow.
Upgrades.
The stated mission of the H-1 upgrade program is to "resolve existing safety deficiencies, significantly improve operational capabilities, and reduce life-cycle costs. Commonality between aircraft will greatly enhance the maintainability and deployability of the systems with the capability to support and operate both aircraft within the same squadron structure." Reduced logistical burden, maintenance costs, and personnel requirements (all of which increase the expeditionary capabilities of the aircraft) are possible by the increased commonality of the two airframes, as well as increased reliability of individual components.
Common.
The AH-1Z and UH-1Y share a common tail boom, engines, rotor system, drive train, avionics architecture, software, controls and displays for over 84% identical components. Both aircraft use twin General Electric T700-GE-401C turboshaft outputting 1,800 shp (1,350 kW) each. Upgrades will also be made to the transmission (rated for ) and skid landing gear.
The existing two-bladed semi-rigid, teetering rotor system is being replaced with a four-bladed, hingeless, bearingless composite rotor system. The improvement in flight characteristics provided by the four-bladed configuration has led to increases in flight envelope, maximum speed, vertical rate-of-climb, payload and reduced rotor vibration. The rotor system has 75% fewer parts than that of four-bladed articulated systems, and the improved yokes allow for weight saving with the elimination of all bearings, hinges, and vibration absorbers in the rotor hub. The blades are made of carbon fiber-based composites, which have an increased ballistic survivability, and there is a semiautomatic folding system for stowage aboard Amphibious assault ships. Both helicopters will receive an upgraded, four blade tail rotor and drive system.
The new integrated avionics system (IAS) has been developed by Northrop Grumman. The system includes two mission computers, an automatic flight control system (reportedly "stops short of a fly-by-wire system"), and a glass cockpit; Bell suggests the system can withstand 23 mm caliber fire. Each crew station has two multifunction liquid crystal displays (LCD) and one dual function LCD display. The communications suite combines a US Navy RT-1824 integrated radio, UHF/VHF, COMSEC, and modem in a single unit. The navigation suite includes an embedded GPS inertial navigation system (EGI), a digital map system and a low-airspeed air data subsystem, which allows weapons delivery when hovering. The new cockpit systems will increase joint interoperability, now able to transmit and receive data from ground and air systems from other branches.
The Lockheed Martin target sight system (TSS) incorporates a third-generation FLIR sensor. The TSS provides target sighting in day, night or adverse weather conditions. The system has various view modes and can track with FLIR or by TV. It is also used on the KC-130J Harvest HAWK.
The pilot and copilot are equipped with the Thales "Top Owl" helmet-mounted sight and display system. The Top Owl has a 24-hour day/night capability and a binocular display with a 40° field of view. Its visor projection provides forward looking infrared (FLIR) or video imagery. However, the Corps has decided to augment it with existing night vision devices.
AH-1Z.
Its two redesigned wing stubs are longer, with each adding a wing-tip station for a missile such as the AIM-9 Sidewinder. Each wing has two other stations for Hydra 70 rocket pods, or AGM-114 Hellfire quad missile launchers. The Longbow radar can also be mounted on a wing tip station. It will be able to cruise at approximately and sprint at before suffering the limits of parasitic drag.
The AH-1Z has survivability equipment including the Hover Infrared Suppression System (HIRSS) to cover engine exhausts, countermeasure dispensers, radar warning, missile warning, and laser warning systems.
UH-1Y.
One of the most critical UH-1Y upgrades is in its powertrain. The UH-1N gradually became burdened with various upgrades: avionics, radios, modern door guns, and safety upgrades; all increasing the UH-1N's empty weight. With a maximum speed of approximately and an inability to lift much more than its own crew, fuel and ammunition, the UH-1N became limited in its utility. However, the UH-1Y has upgraded engines and transmission, 170% increased payload, and almost 50% greater range and maximum speed. The fuselage has been lengthened by just forward of the main door for more capacity.
Exports.
The upgraded helicopters are being considered by South Korea, Iraq and Bahrain.

</doc>
<doc id="20573733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573733" title="Chloé Mortaud">
Chloé Mortaud

Chloé Mortaud (September 19, 1989, born in Lisieux, Calvados) is a French beauty pageant contestant who won Miss France 2009. She represented the Albigeois-Midi-Pyrénées, a southwest region of France, and became the first winner of the Miss France beauty pageant to have dual citizenship, French and American. Mortaud received US citizenship through her mother, an African American who emigrated from Mississippi to France, and has a grandmother who lives in Los Angeles. Her father is French.
Miss Universe 2009.
Mortaud represented France at the Miss Universe 2009 pageant and finished in 6th place overall barely missing the top 5 by a mere one-fifth of a point (0.219) This pageant was won by Venezuelan Stefanía Fernández.
Miss World 2009.
Mortaud became a finalist at Miss World 2009 (3rd runner-up) finals on December 12, 2009. She also placed 3rd runner up at the Miss World Beach Beauty competition and placed among the top 12 in the Miss World Top Model competition. Out of seven delegates who competed at Miss Universe 2009 and Miss World 2009, only Chloé and Miss South Africa Tatum Keshwar made the finals in both pageants.

</doc>
<doc id="20573745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573745" title="Arizona Bar Exam">
Arizona Bar Exam

The Arizona Bar Exam is the exam administered by the Admissions Unit of the Certification and Licensing Division of the Supreme Court of Arizona. A satisfactory score on the Arizona Bar Exam is one of numerous requirements for admission to be admitted as an attorney in the State of Arizona.
Format of Exam.
The Arizona Bar Exam is a two-day exam. The first day of the exam consists of 6 essay questions testing common law and Arizona law, and 2 MPT questions testing legal analysis and writing. The second day of the exam consists of the Multistate Bar Exam, a multiple choice examination administered by the National Conference of Bar Examiners (NCBE).
First Day.
The essay portion of the Arizona Bar Exam may test the following subjects: 
As of the July, 2012 exam, Arizona is now administering the Uniform Bar Exam (UBE) which does not include:
Second Day.
Day two of the exam consists of the Multistate Bar Exam or MBE. This is the multiple-choice portion of the bar exam. The MBE is a six-hour, exam consisting of two hundred multiple-choice questions covering Contracts and Sales, Torts, Constitutional law, Criminal law, Evidence, and Real Property. The MBE is divided into two period of three hours each, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. There are 100 questions administered in each 3-hour period. There are 34 questions each in Contracts and Torts, and 33 questions each in Constitutional Law, Criminal Law (including aspects of Criminal Procedure), Evidence, and Real Property.
Grading information.
A new scoring system will be effective from July 2012 forward. The Multistate Bar Exam is scaled from 1-200. The highest possible Arizona essay exam score is 120 for the essay portion and 80 for the MPT. Arizona combines the three sections for a total of 400 points. In order to be deemed successful on the Arizona Bar Exam, applicants must achieve a combined score of 273 or higher.
MPRE Requirements.
In addition to successfully passing the Arizona Bar Exam, an applicant must attain a scaled score of 85 on the Multistate Professional Responsibility Exam within two years of admission (either within two years before or after successful passage of the Arizona bar examination). The MPRE is administered separately from the Arizona Bar Exam.

</doc>
<doc id="20573756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573756" title="Sagda lamellifera">
Sagda lamellifera

Sagda lamellifera is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573760" title="Großenenglis">
Großenenglis

The formerly independent community of Großenenglis has been since its amalgamation with Borken in 1974 with its population then of 1,190 the northernmost and largest by land area (988 ha) of Borken's constituent communities.
The following constituent communities are in direct neighbourhood. In the south is Gombeth, in the west Kleinenglis and in the east Udenborn (among to the municipal of Wabern).
History.
Großenenglis's first documentary mention came in 775 under the name "Angelgise" in the "Breviarium sancti Lulli", the Hersfeld Abbey Goods Directory. In 1125, the village was known as "Engilgis", and in 1225 as "Engilgis major", thereby distinguishing it from the neighbouring village of Kleinenglis.
In 1951, a southern neighbourhood, with 34 households, had to make way for the "Altenburg II" brown coal mine. A new settlement was built in the upper village.
With a celebratory programme from 31 May to 4 June 2000, and the publication of a book, the town marked the 1,225th anniversary of its first documentary mention.
In Großenenglis, the theologian Marianne Hartung, née Pisch, was born and grew up. Her main work, "Angst und Schuld in Tiefenpsychologie und Theologie " ("Fear and Guilt in Depth Psychology and Theology"), came out in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20573764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573764" title="Backlash (2002)">
Backlash (2002)

Backlash (2002) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) promotion, which took place on April 21, 2002, at Kemper Arena in Kansas City, Missouri. The event starred talent from the Raw and SmackDown! brands. It was the fourth event under the Backlash chronology, the third consecutive Backlash presented by Castrol GTX and the final U.S.-produced pay-per-view to use the WWF name. This was the first WWF pay-per-view event after the Brand Extension, and the first to be held at the Kemper Arena since Over the Edge 1999, in which Owen Hart, competing as the Blue Blazer, lost his life after falling 78 feet from a harness to the ring. Nine professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card
The main match from the SmackDown! brand featured Hollywood Hulk Hogan defeating Triple H to win the Undisputed WWF Championship and the featured match from the Raw brand was an encounter between The Undertaker and Steve Austin with Ric Flair as special guest referee, which The Undertaker won. The other main match from Raw was a Singles match for the WWF Intercontinental Championship between Rob Van Dam and Eddie Guerrero, which Guerrero won by pinfall to win the championship.
Background.
The event featured nine professional wrestling matches with outcomes predetermined by WWF script writers. The matches featured wrestlers portraying their characters in planned storylines that took place before, during and after the event. All wrestlers were from either one of the WWF's brands – SmackDown or Raw – the two storyline divisions in which WWF assigned its employees.
The main feud leading into Backlash 2002 on the SmackDown! brand involved the Undisputed Champion Triple H against "Hollywood" Hulk Hogan. At the April 4th Smackdown, Vince Mcmahon named Hogan as the #1 contender for the title at Backlash. Later on that night, Hogan came out in Red and Yellow for the first time since his return to the WWF in order to talk about the match, with Triple H saying he won't back down. The next week, Hogan came out to help Edge chase off Chris Jericho and Kurt Angle after Edge fought Jericho. Later on, Triple H fought against Angle as Jericho interfered. Hogan came out to help Triple H to win the match, only for Angle to push Triple H at Hogan after the match, making Hogan attack Triple H and get taken out by Jericho and Angle. The next week, Hogan confronted Jericho as Angle came to help Jericho, prompting Edge to run for the save. In the main event, Jericho and Angle fought Hogan and Triple H, as Hogan accidentally hit Triple H with a Steel Chair. After the match, Triple H hit Hogan with the chair. On the same night, it was confirmed that if Triple H would lose his title match, he would be drafted to Smackdown.
The main feud on the Raw brand was between The Undertaker and Steve Austin. At the April 1st Raw, Ric Flair awarded Triple H with a new title belt, only for the Undertaker to challenge Triple H for a title match at Backlash. The same night, Steve Austin decided to sign with the RAW brand, however he gave the Stunner to both Ric Flair and Vince McMahon. The next week, Undertaker confronted Flair about the Vince making the title match for Backlash, making Austin come out and confront him. Flair booked two #1 contenders matches at Raw, the first being Undertaker vs Rob Van Dam and the second being Austin vs Scott Hall, with the winners facing each other at Backlash for the #1 contendership. Austin and Undertaker then brawled and both won their matches, however, as Flair helped to chase X-Pac from Austin's match, Austin stunned him again. The next week, Flair fined Austin $5,000 and announced that he will be the referee for the match. Scott Hall and X-Pac came to attack Austin, making Flair book Austin and Bradshaw against Hall, X-Pac and Undertaker in the main event. After the match, which Austin lost, Undertaker nailed him with a Steel Chair in the head.
Aftermath.
The night after "Backlash", The Big Show betrayed Austin in a tag team match against the nWo and joined the stable. Over the next two weeks, Big Show explained it was because he felt Austin took a main event spot at WrestleMania away from him; at WrestleMania 2000 Big Show challenged for the WWF Championship while Austin had neck surgery, but the following year at WrestleMania X-Seven, Austin competed in the main event for the WWF Championship, while Big Show did not, and at WrestleMania X8, Austin was scheduled a match against Scott Hall while Big Show was at WWF New York Times Square. Later that night, Austin and Bradshaw united with Flair in a battle against the nWo stable, but Flair betrayed both wrestlers and became affiliated with the nWo although he never officially joined. Flair's betrayal eventually led to Booker T's drafting by Flair to be the newest nWo member on May 13, 2002. The feud between Austin and Flair escalated on that episode when Austin gained revenge by costing Flair the Undisputed Championship against Hulk Hogan. This led to a Handicap match at Judgment Day pitting Austin against the team of Flair and Big Show, which Austin won.
After defeating Steve Austin at Backlash, The Undertaker set his sights on the new Undisputed Champion Hulk Hogan by challenging him to a match for the Undisputed title at Judgment Day. In 1991, they first fought for the WWF Championship during two different pay per view events. At the Survivor Series event, Undertaker defeated Hogan to win his 1st WWF title. Hogan regained the title over The Undertaker in a rematch at This Tuesday in Texas. The title was eventually declared vacant until the 1992 Royal Rumble event when Ric Flair won the title by winning the Royal Rumble match that also involved The Undertaker and Hogan. Their feud restarted on the April 25 episode of "SmackDown!", when Jericho defeated Triple H to become the number one contender due to The Undertaker's interference. Afterwords, Jericho and The Undertaker attacked Triple H until Hogan came down to the ring and assaulted The Undertaker. On the April 29 episode of "Raw", when Undertaker interfered in Hogan's non-title match with William Regal by assaulting Hogan. The Undertaker then took Hogan's leather belt and whipped him with it and busted him open with the belt buckle. The following week, Hogan got back at The Undertaker by driving a Semi truck and running over Taker's 18-wheeler prized motorcycle, thus destroying it. On the May 13 episode of "Raw", The Undertaker nailed Hogan from behind with the tire-iron then tied Hogan's ankles to his own motorcycle. Moments later, The Undertaker drove his motorcycle around the hallway with Hogan tied to it before ramming Hogan into the pile of boxes and pipes, leaving Hogan lying motionless. At Judgment Day, with the help of Vince McMahon, The Undertaker defeated Hogan to win the Undisputed Championship, his first WWF Championship win in nearly three years.
The feud between Edge and Kurt Angle continued after Backlash on the May 2 episode of "SmackDown!", when Angle challenged Edge to a rematch but this time in a Hair vs. Hair match, which Edge accepted. On the May 16 episode of "SmackDown!", during a segment between Edge and Triple H, Angle and Chris Jericho attacked both men, ending with Jericho manhandling Edge while Angle cut his hair once with the scissors as an example for their Hair vs. Hair match at Judgment Day. Later that episode, Angle and Jericho defeated Edge and Triple H in a tag match after Angle nailed Edge with the steel chair and followed it with an Angle slam for the win. After the match, Angle tossed Edge's hairpiece onto Edge. In a Hair vs. Hair match at Judgment Day, Edge defeated Angle and shaved the Angle's head bald following it.
Triple H and Chris Jericho continued their feud on the April 25 episode of "SmackDown!", where Jericho defeated Triple H in a Number 1 Contenders match due to interference by The Undertaker, who also cost Triple H the Undisputed title at Backlash. The following week, Jericho challenged Hulk Hogan for the Undisputed title in a No disqualification match with a stipulation added that if The Undertaker or any Raw superstar interferes in the title match, will be suspended. During the title match, Triple H interfered and distracted Jericho, enabling Hogan to pin Jericho to retain the title. On the May 9 episode of "SmackDown!", Vince McMahon ordered that if Triple H lays his hands on McMahon, there will be consequences. Triple H then challenged McMahon to fight him in the ring until Hardcore Holly, Test, Lance Storm, Christian and Reverend D-Von came to the ring and beat Triple H down. Jericho then came down and nailed Triple H with the steel chair then locked him in the Walls of Jericho, ending with McMahon to announce a Hell in a Cell match at Judgment Day, which would be a WrestleMania X8 rematch between the two. Later that night, Jericho and Triple H interfered in each other's matches. First, Reverend D-Von defeated Triple H after Jericho nailed Triple H with the donation box. Then during Jericho's tag team match along with Angle against Edge and Hulk Hogan, Triple H interfered and nailed all four of them with a sledgehammer. Vince McMahon distracted and dared Triple H to nail him with a sledgehammer, enabling Jericho to nail Triple H with the steel chair. They concluded their feud at Judgment Day, when Triple H defeated Jericho in a Hell in a Cell match.
Brock Lesnar continued his feud with Matt and Jeff Hardy on the April 22 episode of "Raw" when Lesnar defeated Matt Hardy by knockout. On the May 13 episode of "Raw", the Hardy boyz fought Lesnar in a Handicap match and won by disqualification due to interference by Lesnar's manager Paul Heyman. Heyman then announced a tag team match pitting Lesnar and himself against the Hardyz at Judgment Day. During the event, Lesnar and Heyman were victorious after Heyman pinned Jeff Hardy following an F-5 by Lesnar.

</doc>
<doc id="20573767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573767" title="Cook Inlet (disambiguation)">
Cook Inlet (disambiguation)

Cook Inlet is an inlet in Alaska.
Cook Inlet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20573773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573773" title="Eric James Denton">
Eric James Denton

Sir Eric James Denton CBE FRS (born Bentley, Yorkshire 30 September 1923 - died St Just, Cornwall 2 January 2007) was a British marine biologist who won the Royal Society's Royal Medal in 1987. He was the Director of the Marine Biological Association Laboratory in Plymouth between 1974 and 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20573777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573777" title="Flash (pinball)">
Flash (pinball)

Flash is a 1979 pinball game designed by Steve Ritchie and released by Williams. This was Ritchie's first game for Williams after leaving Atari, after he was finished developing the "Superman" pinball for Atari. There is no connection between the game and the comics character. This game was known for having the first background sound for a pinball game, as well as the first pinball game to use flash lamps.
Steve designed about 90% the game on a cocktail napkin during a flight, while flying from Atari to Williams. The game also broke the factory production record at Williams and is still Steve's biggest seller.

</doc>
<doc id="20573801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573801" title="Agafia Constantin">
Agafia Constantin

Agafia Orlov-Buhaev-Constantin (born April 19, 1955) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a gold medal in the K-4 500 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.
Constantin also won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-2 500 m: 1977) and seven bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1978, 1979, 1981; K-4 500 m: 1974, 1978, 1979, 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20573811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573811" title="George Washington (baseball)">
George Washington (baseball)

Sloan Vernon "George" Washington was a professional baseball outfielder. He played all of and part of in Major League Baseball for the Chicago White Sox.
Washington's minor league baseball career spanned twenty seasons, from until . He served as player-manager of the Texarkana Bears of the Big State League in 1947-48. In , while playing for the Gladewater Bears, Washington won the Class-C East Texas League batting title at age 42.

</doc>
<doc id="20573819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573819" title="South Lyon East High School">
South Lyon East High School

South Lyon East High School is a 9-12 public high school in Lyon Township, Michigan in Metro Detroit, near South Lyon. It is a part of South Lyon Community Schools and the Oakland Schools intermediate school district. It has been accredited by North Central Association.
The school was built to compensate for the overcrowding at South Lyon High School. It opened in September 2007. The principal is David Phillips.
Athletics.
South Lyon East is a member of the Kensington Lakes Activities Association. Their nickname is the Cougars and the school colors are black and silver. The following sports are offered at South Lyon East:

</doc>
<doc id="20573825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573825" title="Alexander Lamb Cullen">
Alexander Lamb Cullen

Alexander Lamb Cullen, OBE FREng FRS (April 30, 1920 - December 28, 2013) was a British electrical engineer.
He was awarded an OBE in 1960.
He was the Head of Department of Electronic and Electrical Engineering at University College London, held the Pender Chair, from 1967 to 1980.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1977 and awarded their Royal Medal in 1984 in recognition of his many distinguished contributions to microwave engineering, both theoretical and experimental, and in particular for research on microwave antennae. The same year he was awarded the Faraday Medal of the Institute of Electrical Engineers. He also the same year delivered the Clifford Paterson Lecture to the Royal Society on "Microwaves: the art and the science".
In 1988 he published his book "Modern Radio Science" and a biography of Harold Barlow.
Died December, 27, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20573827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573827" title="Nastasia Ionescu">
Nastasia Ionescu

Nastasia Nichitov-Ionescu (born 5 March 1954) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won a gold medal in the K-4 500 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.
Ionescu also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-2 500 m: 1977) and five bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1978, 1979; K-4 500 m: 1978, 1979, 1983).

</doc>
<doc id="20573831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573831" title="MPS Records">
MPS Records

MPS Records was a German jazz record label founded in 1968. MPS stands for "Musik Produktion Schwarzwald" (Music Production Black Forest).
History.
Originally based in Villingen, MPS was founded as the successor to the SABA Label Records by Hans Georg Brunner-Schwer, together with Joachim Ernst Berendt, Willy Fruth and Achim Hebgen (who also worked as producers). MPS was the first German label to exclusively release jazz. MPS produced and released recordings by American, European and Japanese jazz artists. Recordings of the Berlin Jazz Days, the Donaueschingen Music Festival and the Baden-Baden New Jazz Meeting were also published. Besides its own productions, MPS also licensed and distributed recordings by other companies.
Performers under contract to MPS included Oscar Peterson, Hans Koller, Horst Jankowski, George Duke, Erwin Lehn, Volker Kriegel, Albert Mangelsdorff, Singers Unlimited, Wolfgang Dauner, the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band, Jean-Luc Ponty, Lee Konitz, Charlie Mariano, Alphonse Mouzon, Monty Alexander and Dave Pike. It is worth noting the wide stylistic spectrum, from swing to free jazz, rock jazz and precursors of ethno-jazz.
The hallmarks of MPS releases were the high quality of the recordings (some of the production was undertaken in the private atmosphere of label founder Brunner-Schwer's living room), the attractive design of the sleeves, and the detail of information about artists, instruments and performances. Some of these recordings have since been republished on CD.
The label was distributed by BASF from 1971, then by Metronome Music GmbH Hamburg from 1974. In 1983 Brunner-Schwer sold the rights to MPS to Philips, which then transferred it to Polydor. In 1993, Polydor subsidiary Motor Music began to release individual recordings on CD. In 1999, Universal Jazz program began re-releases. Since 2000, Speakers Corner Records have released vinyl reissues of individual MPS albums with their original artwork.
Universal Music Group has yet to find a buyer for MPS. http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/sep/21/universal-emi-takeover-approved

</doc>
<doc id="20573833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573833" title="Vermont Route 73">
Vermont Route 73

Vermont Route 73 is an east–west state highway in central Vermont, United States. It extends from VT 74 in Shoreham in the west to VT 100 in Rochester in the east. The route runs through parts of Addison, Rutland, and Windsor counties. The portion of VT 73 west of VT 22A is town-maintained and internally designated by VTrans as Major Collector 156 while the remainder of VT 73 is maintained by the state.
Route description.
Route 73 begins at an intersection with Route 74, approximately east of the Ticonderoga–Larrabees Point Ferry to New York. The route runs southeast into the town of Orwell, where it crosses Route 22A. Route 73 continues due east out of Orwell and into the town of Sudbury, where it meets Route 30. Route 73 turns north to join Route 30, and the two routes share a short concurrency before Route
73 splits back off to the east. It continues into the town of Brandon, intersecting with U.S. Route 7 in the town center. Route 73 briefly overlaps US-7 before splitting off to the northeast. The highway continues into the village of Forestdale (still in Brandon) where it meets the southern terminus of Route 53. Route 73 continues to the east in the town of Goshen before coming to an end at Route 100 in Rochester.

</doc>
<doc id="20573835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573835" title="Daniel Joseph Bradley">
Daniel Joseph Bradley

Daniel Joseph Bradley FRS (18 January 1928 – 7 February 2010) was an Irish physicist, and Emeritus Professor of Optical Electronics, at Trinity College, Dublin.
He won many awards including the Royal Irish Academy's Cunningham Medal (2001) and the Royal Society's Royal Medal in 1983.
Early life and education.
Born on 18 January 1928, he was one of four surviving children of John and Margaret Bradley, Lecky Road, Derry. He left school to work as a telegraph boy but returned to education at St Columb's College. Having trained as a teacher at St Mary's College, Belfast, Northern Ireland, he qualified in 1947.
While teaching in a primary school in Derry he studied for a degree in mathematics as an external student of the University of London, and was awarded a degree in 1953.
Moving to London where he taught mathematics in a grammar school, he decided to register for an evening course at Birkbeck College. His first choice was mathematics but as he already had a degree in the subject the admissions staff suggested that he should study physics, which they said was "a bit like mathematics".
In 1957, after four years of part-time study, he was awarded a BSc in physics by Birkbeck, achieving the highest marks in his final exams in the University of London overall.
Career.
Bradley was a pioneer of laser physics, and his work on the development of ultra-fast pulsed lasers added a new and vitally important element to the capabilities of this new type of light source. In particular, working on dye-lasers, he produced pulses of light as short as one picosecond – one picosecond is to a second as a second is to 31,800 years – and his work paved the way for the completely new field of non-linear optical interactions. In addition, he inspired a new generation of laser scientists in Ireland and the UK, many of whom are international leaders in their fields.
He next joined Royal Holloway College as an assistant lecturer and simultaneously enrolled as a PhD student, working on Fabry-Perot etalon-based high-resolution spectroscopy under the supervision of Professor Sam Tolansky, and received a PhD in 1961.
Appointed to a lectureship in the physics department at Imperial College, he set up a research programme in UV solar spectroscopy using rocket technology to reach high altitudes.
In 1963 he began work in laser physics but returned to Royal Holloway College as a reader one year later. In 1966 he was appointed professor and head of department at Queen's University, Belfast.
There he quickly established a space research group of international standing to do high-resolution solar spectroscopy. He attracted significant funding from a variety of agencies, allowing him to build his department into one of the world's leading laser research centres, involving a total of 65 scientists.
However, he left Belfast because of fears for his family's safety as political violence escalated in the early 1970s.
He returned in 1973 to Imperial College to a chair in laser physics, and headed a group in optical physics, laser physics and space optics. He was head of the Physics department from 1976 to 1980 but he was frustrated by cutbacks and a rule governing the ratio of senior to junior positions, one consequence of which was that he was unable to maintain a long-established chair in optical design.
He was also critical of the college administration's handling of some departmental grant applications. He resigned in 1980 and moved to Dublin.
Among his many lasting contributions to laser research in the UK was the setting up of one of the world's leading research facilities for laser research, the Central Laser Facility at the Rutherford-Appleton Laboratory.
Arriving at Trinity College, Dublin, he decided the time was ripe to move on from laser research and development into laser applications. In 1982, with Dr John Kelly, a chemist, and Dr David McConnell, a geneticist, he formed a team which won funding for a project using laser techniques to explore the structure of organic molecules like DNA and proteins.
Unfortunately, however, his work at Trinity was cut short by ill health and he retired in 1984. But his research on semiconductor lasers was carried on, and this work on developing widely tuneable lasers for optical communications systems continues.
In the course of a relatively short academic career he supervised over 60 PhD students, one of whom described his former mentor as an "inspiration" and a "great role-model for any researcher".
A member of the Royal Irish Academy, he was Fellow Emeritus of TCD, and held fellowships of the Royal Society, Optical Society of America and Institute of Physics.
Family.
He married Winefride O'Connor and had five children: daughter Mairead and sons Sean, Donal, Martin and Ronan.

</doc>
<doc id="20573840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573840" title="Grade I listed buildings in Norfolk">
Grade I listed buildings in Norfolk

The county of Norfolk is divided into seven districts. The districts of Norfolk Norwich, South Norfolk, Great Yarmouth, Broadland, North Norfolk, King's Lynn and West Norfolk, and Breckland.
As there are 540 Grade I listed buildings in the county they have been split into separate lists for each district.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20573845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573845" title="Ralph Riley">
Ralph Riley

Sir Ralph Riley FRS (23 October 1924 – 27 August 1999) was a British geneticist.
He was born in Scarborough, North Yorkshire in 1924 and served in the army during the Second World War. After the war he studied Botany at Sheffield University, followed by a two year PhD study in genetics.
He was then recruited by the Plant Breeding Institute (PBI) at Cambridge to study the introduction of useful variation into the wheat crop from its wild relatives. Two years later in 1954 Riley became the founder and first Head of the Cytogenetics Department at the PBI. His target was to increase the wheat gene pool by making the variation in wild relatives available to wheat breeders. In 1957, he discovered the method of doing so by finding the Ph gene. This gene controlled the pairing between the chromosomes of wheat and wild relatives of wheat and soon he was able to demonstrate the cytogenetic ways by which useful genes, such as those that confer novel disease resistances, could be transferred into wheat from a host of wild species. This discovery of the Ph gene allowed the first "genetic engineering" and his methods have since been used around the world in all major cereal breeding programmes.
In 1972, he became Director of the PBI and during his six years as Director strove to improve production in UK arable agriculture, developing fundamental research programmes on breeding and introducing plant molecular biology in the UK. He thus ensured that the PBI's pre-eminence in the application of science to plant breeding. During his directorship wheat yields increased from four tonnes per hectare to 6 t/ha, due in large part to the improved PBI varieties. This was particularly vital at a time when the UK needed to be less reliant on North American imports.
In 1978 Ralph Riley left the PBI to become Secretary (chief executive) of the Agriculture and Food Research Council (now the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council), where he served as Secretary for seven years and Deputy-Chairman for a further two.
He was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1967. He was awarded the William Bate Hardy Prize in 1969 and the Royal Medal in 1981. and the Wolf Foundation Prize in Agriculture in 1986. He was knighted for his services to science in 1984.
He married Joan Norrington in 1949; they had two daughters. He died in Cambridge on 27 August 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20573857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573857" title="Odontosagda blandii">
Odontosagda blandii

Odontosagda blandii is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Port-au-Prince in Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="20573861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573861" title="Frank Manush">
Frank Manush

Frank Henry Benjamin Manush (September 18, 1883 – January 5, 1965) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. Manush played for the Philadelphia Athletics in . In 23 career games, he had 12 hits in 77 at-bats, with a .156 batting average. He batted and threw right-handed. Frank was the brother of Baseball Hall of Famer, Heinie Manush. 
He was the manager of the Minor League Baseball team, the Albany Babies, in 1914 and 1915.
Manush was born in Tuscumbia, Alabama, and died in Laguna Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20573866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573866" title="Order of the Republic (Uruguay)">
Order of the Republic (Uruguay)

The Order of the Republic is a national award of Uruguay.
Institution of order.
The order was instituted in the year 1985 by the civilian-military administration that ruled the Republic of Uruguay. After the transition from the civilian-military administration in 1985, the order fell into disuse. Some sources claim that the order had one single grade; that of a Grand Cross. Others state that there are crosses of a Commander and a silver cross of a Knight in existence.
Features.
Cross description.
The blue and white cross has an enemelled Uruguayan coat of arms in the centre. The cross is topped by a Sun of May in silver or gold.
Ribbon.
The ribbon is blue and white.

</doc>
<doc id="20573874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573874" title="Vernon Ellis Cosslett">
Vernon Ellis Cosslett

Vernon Ellis Cosslett, FRS (16 June 1908 - 21 November 1990) was a British microscopist.
He worked with William Lawrence Bragg at the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge University on the electron microscope and founded the Electron Microscopy Department. He also developed improved x-ray machines. 
He was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1972 and won the Royal Medal in 1979 "In recognition of his outstanding contributions to the design and development of the X-ray microscope, the scanning electron microprobe analyser, the high voltage and ultrahigh resolution (2.5A) electron microscopes and their applications in many disciplines." 
He was elected president of the Royal Microscopical Society 

</doc>
<doc id="20573885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573885" title="Ashley Day Leavitt">
Ashley Day Leavitt

Rev. Dr. Ashley Day Leavitt (1877–1959) was a Yale-educated Congregational minister who led the State Street Church in Portland, Maine, and later the Harvard Congregational Church in Brookline, Massachusetts. Leavitt was a frequent public speaker during the early twentieth century, and was awarded an honorary degree from Bowdoin College for his pastorship of several congregations during wartime.
Early years.
Ashley Leavitt's father was Burke Fay Leavitt. In 1868, Leavitt's father Burke was living in Melrose Highlands, Massachusetts and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa, an academic honor society. Burke subsequently became a minister for the United Church of Christ, and served as pastor of the denominations' first church in Maine at Williston in suburban Portland, Maine from 1872 to 1876.
Ashley Day Leavitt was born October 10, 1877, in Chicago, Illinois to Burke Fay and Lena (Day) Leavitt. Leavitt's name "Ashley" was taken from that of the maiden name of the wife of his ancestor Dr. Roswell Leavitt, a Massachusetts native and longtime physician in Cornish, New Hampshire who married Dorothy Ashley, a native of Deerfield, Massachusetts, in 1798 in Greenfield, Massachusetts. Leavitt's father went on to be pastor at the Town Church of Manchester, New Hampshire in 1893. From at least 1900 to 1909, his father was a minister of Melrose Highlands Congregational Church in Melrose, Massachusetts, and later took up a pastor's post in Lincoln Park in suburban Chicago.
Leavitt himself was educated at Cambridge Rindge and Latin School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and then at Yale College. In 1900, Leavitt was a member of Skull and Bones, an elite secret society based at Yale University, in New Haven, Connecticut. He also was on the Yale debating team. From Yale, Leavitt attended Hartford Theological Seminary.
Leavitt's first ministerial job was as assistant pastor of South Church in Hartford, Connecticut, then subsequently at Congregational churches in Willimantic, Connecticut, Concord, New Hampshire and at Portland, Maine. In June 1903, Leavitt gave a speech at the Yale alumni meeting and Medical School anniversary exercise. On September 7, 1904, Leavitt married Myrtle Rose Hart of Barkhamsted, Connecticut. They had two children: Hart Day Leavitt, a longtime professor of English at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts; and Julia Leavitt, born at Cumberland, Maine, in 1915. While at Portland, Maine, Leavitt was honored with giving the 1905 undergraduate commencement speech at the University of Connecticut, where he spoke on "The Individual, Law and Liberty."
World War I.
Leavitt enlisted and served in YMCA camps at home and abroad during World War I. The YMCA's own World War I efforts were memorialized in "Yip Yip Yaphank", a Broadway musical developed in 1917 by Irving Berlin to included a song entitled "I Can Always Find a Little Sunshine in the Y.M.C.A."
At the height of World War I in 1918, Leavitt was the Pastor of the State Street Congregational Church in Portland. In awarding Leavitt a Doctor of Divinity (D.D.) honorary degree that same year, Bowdoin College noted that Leavitt "at all times an eloquent preacher of Christian duty, and in wartime a convincing teacher of the principle that only the righteous nation that keepeth truth may enter in the gates of the Kingdom."
In 1921, Leavitt was serving in a two-year position on the Congregational Educational Foundation. In June 1925, he conducted the services in Appleton Chapel at Harvard University. Rev. Leavitt also frequently spoke at the graduation exercises of nearby Radcliffe College.
In 1927, Leavitt was the pastor at Harvard Church. In December of that year, he attended the Centennial of the Boston Seaman's Friend Society and spoke about the predecessors to the society,"But this Society was the successor of another organization which was called ‘The Society for the Moral and Religious Improvement of the Poor’. That is the kind of thing they were doing one hundred years ago. This Society for the Moral and Religious Improvement of the Poor was the successor of another Society for the Moral and Religious Instruction of the Seaman. Fancy trying to do business in such an organization today! But that is what they had in a great deal of their religion a hundred years ago - a kind of condescension. The people that were capable the people that were fortunate, went out in pity to do work for the unfortunate, and they expected a certain subserviency and obeisance on the part of those who were the recipients of the benefaction. A finer democracy has come now. . . No Christian today thinks of going out to elevate his fellow man."
In November 1928, Swami Yogananda spoke to the Harvard Congregational Church during Leavitt's tenure, and Leavitt later wrote to the Swami thanking him for the speech: "Best of all was the background of fine understanding which made all feel in the same human brotherhood with you."
Prior to 1941, Leavitt was a frequent speaker at Phillips Academy, the same University preparatory school in Andover where his son Hart, a graduate of Andover's rival Phillips Exeter Academy, had become a professor. In 1948, Leavitt spoke at Union Chapel at Little Boar's Head, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20573891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573891" title="WEC 5">
WEC 5

WEC 5: Halloween Havoc was a mixed martial arts event held on October 18th, 2002 at The Palace Casino in Lemoore, California. "WEC 5"'s main event was a title fight between Cole Escovedo and Philip Perez.

</doc>
<doc id="20573904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573904" title="Closing Time (Hole song)">
Closing Time (Hole song)

"Closing Time" (also referred to as "Drunk in Rio" and, incorrectly, "It's Closing Soon") is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by vocalist/rhythm guitarist Courtney Love, drummer Patty Schemel and Love's husband, Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain.
Origin and recording.
The song's origins are obscure due to lack of official information, however, the earliest known recording of the song dates back to January 1993, at which time Hole were writing new material for their second studio album, "Live Through This" (1994). The in-studio performance was recorded in Studio B at BMG Ariola Ltda., a recording facility in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on January 21, 1993. The session was a pre-production studio session, produced by Craig Montgomery, for Nirvana for their forthcoming album, "In Utero" (1993) and lasted for three days. On the third and final day of the session, Love and Schemel joined the band in-studio and were given the opportunity to practice and record new Hole material during Nirvana's session breaks. At least three other Hole songs are known to have been recorded; "Miss World," which featured Cobain on bass, "Softer, Softest," "She Walks on Me" and "I Think That I Would Die," which featured Nirvana touring guitarist Big John Duncan on bass. Towards the end of the session "Closing Time" was recorded. This recording, circulating unofficially in bootleg trading circles, featured Love on vocals and lead guitar, Cobain on bass and Schemel on drums and lead to the song being referred to as "Drunk in Rio," due to fact that all three musicians were intoxicated when recording.
In 1995, Love forwarded a copy of the studio version of "Closing Time" to BBC radio host John Peel on cassette tape, after the death of Cobain, and broadcast it on his radio show, "The John Peel Show" on BBC Radio 1. It is assumed that the radio broadcast version of the song was recorded and then distributed to various bootleggers, leading to the song's inclusion on the Nirvana bootleg series "Outcesticide", however Blue Moon Records, the label on which the bootleg series was released, claimed that the recording was sourced from Love's own tape.
Composition.
The original version of the song is completely improvised, both musically and lyrically, and the vocals are indeciherable due to their inaudibility in the recording mix and the mumbling vocal style. However, the song's three main chords (A-G-C) are repeated throughout the verses and choruses apart from a bridge which uses experimental chords. The song's theme is reputedly based on a bitter relationship and the term "closing time" is often seen as referring to the end of the relationship itself.
A more structured and lyrically-coherent version of the song was performed by Hole on various occasions throughout 1994 and 1995, during their tours promoting "Live Through This". These live versions also featured bassist Melissa Auf der Maur and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson and the lyrics of the song varied in performance.
Related projects.
Love, Schemel and Cobain also wrote and recorded various other songs unrelated to the recording session in Rio de Janeiro. A side project, known as Nighty Nite, arose the following month, in February 1993, in which Love and Schemel musicians "pretended were two sisters from Marysville, [aged seventeen and sixteen, Dottie and Clara. [They put the pitch way up on the four-track and made up these really stupid songs" and Cobain also contributed. Three songs are known to exist; "Lemonade Nation," "Hello Kitty" and "Twister." Copies of the recording were sent to Maximumrocknroll, Kim Gordon, Thurston Moore, members of Bikini Kill and Fugazi, Calvin Johnson, and Slim Moon.

</doc>
<doc id="20573910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573910" title="Sagda osculans">
Sagda osculans

Sagda osculans is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20573911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573911" title="Tecla Marinescu">
Tecla Marinescu

Tecla Marinescu-Borcǎnea (born 4 January 1960) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1980s. She won a gold medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Marinescu-Borcǎnea also won two bronze medals in the K-4 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in 1983 and 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20573923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573923" title="Jake Turner">
Jake Turner

History.
Jake Turner was born on October 12, 1984 in Atlanta, Georgia. Raised in the small town Peachtree City, GA.
Music Career.
Say Anything - guitarist/vocalist 
XO - bassist/vocalist

</doc>
<doc id="20573930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573930" title="Roderic Alfred Gregory">
Roderic Alfred Gregory

Roderic Alfred Gregory CBE FRS (29 December 1913 - 5 September 1990) was a British biologist.
He was born in 1913 in Plaistow, London, the only child of Alfred Gregory and Alice Jane (née Greaves) Gregory. His father was a fitter and turner who, in 1913, was employed by Brunner and Monde (later Imperial Chemical Industries). At the age of 11 he started at the local grammar school, George Green's School.
He then trained as a physiologist in the Department of Physiology at University College, London in the early 1930s and then studied gastrointestinal physiology for a PhD at North-Western University, Illinois. He turned his attention to gastrin while he was Holt Professor of Physiology, and Head of Department, at the University of Liverpool (appointed in 1948). He "made fundamental contributions to the study of gut hormones through his isolation of the gastric acid stimulating hormone gastrin, the characterisation of its spectrum of actions, the identification of structure-activity relationships and discovery that gastrin was produced in excess in the tumours of patients with Zollinger-Ellison syndrome".
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1965 and awarded a CBE in 1971. He won the Royal Medal in 1978. 
He had married Alice Watts in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20573942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573942" title="LNER Thompson Class B1 61306">
LNER Thompson Class B1 61306

London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) Thompson Class B1 No. 61306 is a preserved British steam locomotive. In preservation, it carries the number 1306 and the name "Mayflower", complete with LNER Apple Green Livery, though this guise is entirely fictional.
Service.
61306 was built in 1948 by the North British Locomotive Company, Works No. 26207. Though built to an LNER design, it was delivered after nationalisation to British Railways (BR). 
Initially, 61306 was allocated to Hull Botanic Gardens Depot (shed code 53B, Kingston upon Hull) until June 1959, when it was transferred to nearby Hull Dairycoates Depot (53A), where it remained until June 1967, when it was transferred to Low Moor Depot (56F, Bradford). It was withdrawn in September 1967.
Preservation.
61306 was privately purchased for preservation at Steamtown in Carnforth. There it was painted into LNER Apple Green Livery and given the number 1306 and the name "Mayflower". 1306 would have been its allocated running number had the LNER not been nationalised (most ex-LNER BR numbers being the LNER 1946 numbers with the addition of 60000), while the name "Mayflower" came from a scrapped BR-built Thompson B1, numbered 61379.
In 1978, "1306" moved to the Great Central Railway in Leicestershire, where it remained until 1989, when it was taken out of service for a ten-year overhaul. For this it was moved back to Hull Dairycoates but the sale of the site meant that it moved to the Nene Valley Railway, which in 2006 it eventually left - and underwent overhaul at Boden Rail Engineering Ltd, Washwood Heath. It returned to the mainline as 61306 in Apple Green with British Railways on the tender. She is at present operated by West Coast Railways, It was hoped that in the future 61306 could be operated by BARS but due to their main role being freight operations and not having a licence for steam it was decided to have her run with WCRC.
"61306" is one of two preserved Thompson B1s, the other being LNER-built No. (6)1264

</doc>
<doc id="20573953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573953" title="Astra Zarina">
Astra Zarina

Astra Zarina (August 25, 1929 – August 31, 2008) was an architect and professor in the University of Washington Department of Architecture. She is best known for her creation of the University of Washington Italian Studies programs and her founding of the UW Rome Center. 
Zarina was born in Riga, Latvia. She came to the United States with her family after World War II and matriculated at the University of Washington in 1947. In the UW architecture program she studied under faculty including Lionel Pries, Wendell Lovett, and Victor Steinbrueck. She completed her B.Arch. in 1953. After graduation she worked in the office of Paul Hayden Kirk and married architecture classmate Douglas Haner (1930–2011).
Zarina moved to Boston in 1954 and entered the architecture program at MIT; her husband enrolled at Harvard. Zarina and Haner both graduated in 1955 with M.Arch. degrees and went to work in the office of Minoru Yamasaki outside Detroit. 
In 1960, Zarina won the American Academy in Rome Fellowship in Architecture; she was the first woman to be awarded the Academy's architecture fellowship. She subsequently won a Fulbright fellowship for study and travel in Italy. Zarina and Haner subsequently divorced. 
Zarina first taught at the University of Washington in a part-time position in the mid-1960s. In 1970, in coordination with Architecture Department Chair, Professor Thomas Bosworth, Zarina hosted the first program in Rome for architecture students. Her first students included Steven Holl and Ed Weinstein. The Rome Program subsequently became a regular offering of the Department. Zarina was eventually appointed as an Associate Professor and she later became a professor. 
In the late 1960s, Zarina, and second husband Anthony Costa Heywood, also an architect, began working on the restoration of the ancient Italian hilltown of Civita di Bagnoregio, located 60 miles north of Rome. 
In 1976, Zarina taught the first summer program on Italian Hilltowns based in Civita di Bagnoregio. 
1976 also saw publication of her book, co-authored with Balthazar Korab, on Rome's roofscapes, "I tetti di Roma: Le terrazze, le altane, i belvedere". In 1979 Zarina received the University of Washington Distinguished Teaching Award. 
In the early 1980s, working with Gordon Varey, Dean of the College of Architecture and Urban Planning (now College of Built Environments), Zarina developed the idea for a permanent facility in Rome. By 1984 the Rome Center was established in the Palazzo Pio, located near the center of Rome. Zarina was director of the Rome Center until the mid-1990s. The UW Rome Center continues to house the Architecture in Rome programs, but also hosts programs from many other University of Washington departments and from other American architecture schools. 
Zarina retired from teaching about the year 2000. She lived her last years in Civita, continuing to promote its restoration. She died there in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20573954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573954" title="Maria Ştefan">
Maria Ştefan

Maria Ştefan-Mihoreanu (born 16 February 1954) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a gold medal in the K-4 500 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.
Ştefan also won three bronze medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships earning one each in the K-1 500 m (1983), the K-2 500 m (1981), and the K-4 500 m (1983) events.

</doc>
<doc id="20573991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20573991" title="Arab Israeli Dialogue">
Arab Israeli Dialogue

Arab Israeli Dialogue is the tenth and final film directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. It is a filmed debate between the Palestinian poet Rashed Hussein and Amos Kenan, shot in the basement of Rogosin's Bleecker Street Cinema by Louis Brigante.
Though Rogosin would live until 2000, he did not complete another film in his lifetime, causing him immense personal and artistic frustration.

</doc>
<doc id="20574000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574000" title="Hyalosagda arboreoides">
Hyalosagda arboreoides

Hyalosagda arboreoides is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20574008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574008" title="A Billion Hands Concert">
A Billion Hands Concert

A Billion Hands Concert was a benefit performance held on 5 December 2008 in Mumbai, India, by Anoushka Shankar and Jethro Tull. All proceeds from the concert went to victims of the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. 
The concert was originally planned as part of a larger tour throughout India by Shankar and Jethro Tull. The Mumbai leg of the tour was originally scheduled for 29 November 2008, three days after the attacks. After they cancelled the concert, the web-based "A Billion Hands: For a Better Tomorrow," supported by Network 18, asked Shankar and Jethro Tull if they would considering holding a benefit concert instead. "A Billion Hands Concert" took place on 5 December 2008 at Segrams 100 pipers in Mumbai. Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson stated in a press release that, "some people might consider it disrespectful that we are having a concert but hopefully a majority will realise what this is about and what it says." Shankar added that: "as a musician, this is how I speak, how I express the anger within me [...] our entire tour has been changed by these events and even though the structure of the concert may remain the same, emotionally perhaps we are saying a lot more." Farhad Wadia, CEO, Network 18, stated in response that: "We are very grateful to both Jethro Tull and Ms. Shankar for agreeing to perform at this concert, in spite of the terror attacks and at their splendid contribution towards the victims of the horrific attacks in Mumbai. Though it's a much abused thought, this truly is a reflection of Mumbai's strength and character and its willingness to forge ahead. It's important that we use this platform to spread the word of peace and harmony." 

</doc>
<doc id="20574015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574015" title="James Learmonth Gowans">
James Learmonth Gowans

Sir James Learmonth "Jim" Gowans (born 7 May 1924) is a British physician and immunologist.
Gowans was born in Sheffield, England. He graduated in medicine in 1947 from King's College Hospital in London, then in 1948 obtained a degree in physiology at Oxford, followed by a Ph.D. with Howard Florey at the Sir William Dunn School of Pathology at Oxford on lymphocytes. He then became professor of experimental pathology at Oxford. In 1977, he left his research career for ten years to be secretary of the Medical Research Council. He served as Secretary General of the Human Frontier Science Program in 1989.
He made significant discoveries about the role of lymphocytes in the immune response. In particular, he showed that some lymphocytes were not short-lived, as previously assumed, but moved from the blood into the lymphatic system and back. On the initiative of Peter Medawar he also undertook experiments on rats that showed that lymphocytes play an important role in transplant rejection.
In 1963 he became a Fellow of the Royal Society and was knighted in 1982. In 1980 he was awarded the Wolf Prize in Medicine. He was a foreign member of the National Academy of Sciences and received several honorary doctorates. In 1968 he received the Gairdner Foundation International Award and in 1990 shared the first Medawar Prize with Jacques Miller. In 1974 he was awarded the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize. He won the Royal Medal in 1976.
In 1956 he married Moira Leatham, with whom he has a son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20574021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574021" title="Protos (train)">
Protos (train)

The Protos is an Electric Multiple Unit built by the German company Fahrzeugtechnik Dessau.
Details.
The train is built with 2 coaches. The train has a low floor, so that there is no or little step between the platform height and the trains. The height is 810 mm. The prototype unit left the factory in September 2006 and was displayed at InnoTrans 2006. The only user of these units is Connexxion on the Valleilijn between Amersfoort and Ede-Wageningen in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20574023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574023" title="1983 Borah Peak earthquake">
1983 Borah Peak earthquake

The 1983 Borah Peak earthquake occurred on October 28, 1983, in the Lost River Range at Borah Peak in central Idaho, United States. The most significant earthquake recorded in the state, it occurred on a Friday morning at 8:06 am MDT. The earthquake measured 7.3 on the moment magnitude scale and 6.9 on the Richter scale.
Geography.
Along with being the largest, it is almost the most damaging earthquake as well. Two children were killed by falling masonry while walking to school in Challis, about 120 miles (200 km) northeast of Boise, the state's capital. $12.5 million in damage took place in the Challis-Mackay region. Maximum Mercalli scale intensity IX damage was decided upon, as a result of extreme surface faulting, while vibrational damage was at a Mercalli intensity of VI to VII.
The rupture caused clear surface faulting  a 21 mile (34 km) long northwest moving zone of fresh scarps and ground rupture was present on a slope of the Lost River Range. Extensive breakage occurred along a 5 mile (8 km) zone between West Spring and Cedar Creek; ground surface was literally "shattered" into tilted blocks, each meters in width. These scarps were as broad as 330 feet (100 m).
Damage.
The Challis-Mackay region experienced rather thorough damage, with 11 commercial buildings and 39 homes with major damage; while another 200 houses were damaged, minor to moderately. Mackay in particular, about 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Challis, experienced the most severe damage. Most of the city's large buildings on its Main Street were damaged, to some extent; eight of these buildings were deemed condemned and closed down. Most of these buildings were built from materials such as brick, concrete block, and stone, each varying.
Artesian fountains.
Near Chilly Buttes of Thousand Springs Valley, a series of artesian fountains/sand blows erupted immediately after the main shock of the 1983 Borah Peak earthquake. Groundwater gushed from these fountains forming small craters and depositing aprons of light-colored sandy sediment around each crater.

</doc>
<doc id="20574024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574024" title="Alan Walsh (physicist)">
Alan Walsh (physicist)

Sir Alan Walsh FRS (19 December 1916 – 3 August 1998) was a British/Australian physicist, originator and developer of the Atomic absorption spectroscopy method of chemical analysis.
Walsh was born in Hoddlesden, Darwen, Lancashire, educated at Darwen Grammar School and studied physics at Manchester University.
After working for several years in British industry he moved to Melbourne, Australia in 1946 to join the newly formed Chemical Physics Section of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (then CSIR, now CSIRO), where he worked until his retirement in 1977. There he developed the innovative technique of using atomic absorption spectra, rather than atomic emission and molecular absorption spectra, in spectrochemical analysis.
Walsh was made a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science in 1958 and was President of the Australian Institute of Physics from 1967 to 1968. In 1969, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London and a Foreign Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. He was awarded the Royal Society's Royal Medal in 1976. In 1977, he was created a Knight Bachelor for 'his distinguished service to science'. He became a member of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering in 1982; in the same year he was awarded the Robert Boyle Medal of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
The Australian Institute of Physics (AIP) Alan Walsh Medal, awarded for significant contributions in physics by an Australian industrial physicist, is named in his honour.
Walsh died in Melbourne, Australia on 3 August 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20574042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574042" title="China Anne McClain">
China Anne McClain

China Anne McClain (born August 25, 1998) is an American actress, singer, and songwriter. Her father and mother are singer producers. She has two sisters, Sierra and Lauryn, forming the group McClain Sisters. China's career began in 2005 when she was seven years old acting in the movie "The Gospel". However, she became nationally known after 2007, when she joined the cast of the series "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" as Jazmine Payne, and internationally as Chyna Parks, the star of the Disney Channel television series "A.N.T. Farm". 
Disney released the soundtrack of the television series "ANT Farm" on October 11, 2011. McClain sings six songs and two solos with her sisters on the soundtrack, which debuted in the Billboard 200 at number 29 with 14,000 copies sold in its first week. The release containing the hit song Calling All the Monsters that reached the eighty-sixth spot on the Billboard Hot 100.
Personal life.
McClain was born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia. Her father, Michael McClain, is a music producer. Her mother, Shontell, is a songwriter. She currently resides in Los Angeles, California with her family.
Career.
2005–10: Early work and "Tyler Perry's House of Payne".
McClain was discovered in 2005 by a music executive who heard her sing and encouraged director Rob Hardy to audition her for his 2005 feature film "The Gospel". Her role caught the attention of Tyler Perry, who cast her as Jazmine Payne in the television series "Tyler Perry's House of Payne".
She appears in the movie "Daddy's Little Girls" with her sisters, Sierra and Lauryn, who are also actresses and play her older sisters in the film. McClain appeared in and guest starred in various other shows and movies such as "Hannah Montana" with Sierra McCormick, "NCIS" and the 2009 film "Hurricane Season". Jonas L.A. was also a Disney Channel shows she was on. She also appeared in the movie "Grown Ups", as Charlotte McKenzie.
2011–present: "A.N.T. Farm", McClain Sisters, and music career.
McClain appeared on the Disney Channel series "Wizards of Waverly Place" in 2011 as Tina in one episode entitled "Wizards vs. Angels". In 2011, McClain was cast as the lead role in the Disney Channel series "A.N.T. Farm". For the show, McClain recorded a cover of Taio Cruz's "Dynamite". She also sings the series theme song, "Exceptional". China Anne's first music video, for "Dynamite", premiered on July 23, 2011 on Disney Channel. After less than a week, more than 1 million views on YouTube were reported. She has appeared in an episode of "PrankStars". She also appeared in the Chiddy Bang Opposite Of Adults music video. For the Disney Channel Halloween special in 2011, she performed the song, "Calling All The Monsters".
On June 14, 2011, China and her sisters - known as the McClain Sisters - signed with Hollywood Records. The "A.N.T. Farm" soundtrack was released on October 11, 2011, featuring China Anne's version of "Dynamite" by Taio Cruz. On September 28, 2011, China Anne released "Calling All The Monsters" to iTunes. "Calling All The Monsters" charted number 100 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. On November 24, 2011, China performed her song "Unstoppable" in the 85th Macy's Thanksgiving Parade. She co-starred in the 2013 sequel "Grown Ups 2". On December 27, 2013, it was announced on her Twitter page that A.N.T. Farm would be ending after it's 3rd season. On the same day, it was revealed that the McClain Sisters had left Hollywood Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20574050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574050" title="Percy Edward Kent">
Percy Edward Kent

Percy Edward Kent (18 March 1913 - 9 July 1986) PhD, DSc, LLD, ScD, FGS, FRS was a British geologist who won the Royal Medal in 1971.
Early life.
He attended West Bridgford Grammar School. From the University of Nottingham he gained a BSc in 1934, and a PhD in 1941.
Career.
He was Chief Geologist from 1966-71 of BP. From 1974-6 he was President of the Geological Society of London.
Personal life.
He married Margaret Hood in 1940, and they had two daughters. His first wife died in 1974. In 1976 he married Lorna Scott. He lived in West Bridgford.

</doc>
<doc id="20574057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574057" title="Gilbert Roberts">
Gilbert Roberts

Sir Gilbert Roberts (18 February 1899 - 1 January 1978) was a British civil engineer.
Education.
He was born in Hampstead, London to Henry William Roberts, a pharmacist and educated at Bromley High School. He then went to Gresham College to study engineering but on the outbreak of war he joined the Royal Flying Corps. 
Career.
After being shot in the knee in 1918 on a bombing raid he was invalided back to England and awarded an Army Scholarship to attend City and Guilds College of Imperial College, where he obtained his degree in 1923. He became a civil engineer and worked on the Sydney Harbour Bridge (1932) and Otto Beit suspension bridge (1938) across the Zambezi river.
As a senior partner with the British firm Freeman Fox & Partners he designed, in collaboration with William Brown, the Volta River Bridge (1957), the Auckland Harbour Bridge (1959–1971), the Forth Road Bridge (1964), the Severn Bridge (1966), the Bosphorus Bridge (1973) and the Humber Bridge (1981). 
Awards.
He was knighted in 1965. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in Mar 1965. His application citation read ""Distinguished for his contributions to civil engineering by advancing the design of structures, particularly long span bridges. Designer of Severn Bridge, Forth Bridge, Volta Bridge, Maidenhead Bridge, Auckland Harbour Bridge. Also contributed designs of other unusual structures, such as C.S.I.R.O. Radio Telescope, High Marnham Power Station, the Dome of Discovery at the Festival of Britain Exhibition, crane structures including 500 tons goliath crane for Babcock & Wilcox."" He was awarded their Royal Medal in 1968.
Personal.
He died in St Stephen's Hospital, London. He had married Elizabeth Nada Hora in London in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20574069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574069" title="Hyalosagda similis">
Hyalosagda similis

Hyalosagda similis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20574074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574074" title="Joseph Hutchinson">
Joseph Hutchinson

Sir Joseph Burtt Hutchinson FRS (21 March 1902 - 16 January 1988) was a British biologist.
Biography.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in March 1951 and was awarded their Royal Medal in 1967 ""In recognition of his distinguished work on the genetics and evolution of crop-plants with particular reference to cotton.""
His FRS candidature citation said that: ""His contributions are outstanding among advances culminating in a notably improved and simplified classification of the genus Gossypium on a genetic basis and an admirably developed theory of the evolution of its species. His work is central in the very fine tradition of British workers which, by remarkable theoretical insight, combined with technical skill, has placed Cotton among the best studied of the world's cultivated crops. By his genetical work, coupled with exceptionally wide study of variability of field crops (especially Cotton), in the West Indies, India and Africa, the scientific foundations of the art of practical plant improvement have been substantially strengthened."" 
He was knighted in 1956. He died on 16 January 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20574087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574087" title="R62 road (South Africa)">
R62 road (South Africa)

The R62 is a Regional Route in South Africa that connects Ashton with Humansdorp. The R62 runs through the Little Karoo and the Langkloof, passing through Montagu, Ladismith, Calitzdorp, Oudtshoorn, and Joubertina.
The R62 is co-signed for 33 kilometres with the N12 from Oudtshoorn to its intersection with the N9 at the top of the Outeniqua Pass, and then for 71 kilometres with the N9 to Potjiesberg Pass near Uniondale.
The R62 is associated with the Route 62 tourist route connecting Cape Town and Port Elizabeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20574092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574092" title="Latvian Hot 100">
Latvian Hot 100

The Latvian Hot 100 is compiled and announced monthly by the Latvian Music association. It was set up in 2001 by Viva Zagrevich in order to have both Latvian and Worldwide music ranked next to each other.
Most Successful.
Most Artist's with number 1 hits
Shakira - 5 Whenever Wherever, Objection (Tango), Illegal, Don't Bother, Hips Don't Lie
Madonna - 3 Hung Up, American Life, 4 Minutes
Marija Naumova - 3 I Wanna, Nocturne, Hey boy follow me
Brainstorm - 3 My Star, Maybe, Ceļa Dziesma 
Fomins & Kleins - 3 Dziesma par laimi, Solījums, Sniegs
Songs which stayed at number 1 for longest 
6 months Dziesma par laimi - Fomins & Kleins
6 months Whenever Wherever - Shakira
5 months Nocturne - Marija Naumova
4 months Take Your Lover - The Hobos
2001 results.
January Nocturne - Marija Naumova
February Nocturne - Marija Naumova
March Nocturne - Marija Naumova
April Nocturne - Marija Naumova
May Nocturne - Marija Naumova
June Midnight Lovers - The Hobos
July Midnight Lovers - The Hobos
August Midnight Lovers - The Hobos
September Hey boy follow me - Marija Naumova
October Hey boy follow me - Marija Naumova
November Nas Ne Dogonyat - t.A.T.u.
December Murder on the Dancefloor - Sophie Ellis-Bexter
2002 results.
JanuaryHey Amore - Ugis Nikaalis
February Whenever Wherever - Shakira
March Whenever Wherever - Shakira
April Whenever Wherever - Shakira
May Whenever Wherever - Shakira
June Whenever Wherever - Shakira
July Whenever Wherever - Shakira
August Objection (Tango)- Shakira
September Dirty - Christina Aguilera 
October I Wanna - Marija Naumova
November I Wanna - Marija Naumova
December Beautiful - Christina Aguilera
2003 Results.
JanuaryHey Amore - Ugis Nikaalis
February Whenever Wherever - Shakira
March Whenever Wherever - Shakira
April Whenever Wherever - Shakira
May Whenever Wherever - Shakira
June Whenever Wherever - Shakira
July Whenever Wherever - Shakira
August Objection (Tango)- Shakira
September Dirty - Christina Aguilera 
October I Wanna - Marija Naumova
November I Wanna - Marija Naumova
December Beautiful - Christina Aguilera

</doc>
<doc id="20574115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574115" title="Hyalosagda hollandi">
Hyalosagda hollandi

Hyalosagda hollandi is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20574120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574120" title="Jason Goss">
Jason Goss

Jason Goss (born October 4, 1979 in Fort Worth, Texas) is a Canadian football defensive back who is currently a free agent. He was most recently with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He has played five seasons in the CFL and was named CFL All-Star in 2008.
Goss was released by the Eskimos on December 16, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20574126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574126" title="Francis Brambell">
Francis Brambell

Francis William Rogers Brambell (25 February 1901 – 6 June 1970) was a British medical scientist.
Education.
He was born in Sandycove, Dublin and was educated (1911–1914) at Aravon School and then privately, specializing in zoology. 
Career.
He was appointed Lloyd Roberts Professor and Head of the Department of Zoology at Bangor University in 1930 at the age of 29; from that time until his retirement 38 years later he brought great and increasing distinction to his Department and College. He was the father of the field of transmission of immunity, which he entered 50 years ago. As part of his quantitative and temporal studies on transmission, he defined the first Fc receptor system for IgG, and furthermore recognized the link between transmission of passive immunity from mother to young and protection from catabolism for IgG.
He wrote "Antibodies and Embryos" with W. A. Hemmings and M. Henderson in 1951.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in March, 1949 and won their Royal Medal in 1964 "In recognition of his important contribution to our understanding of the passage of protein from maternal to foetal circulations".
Personal life.
He died on 6 June 1970. He had married Margaret L. Adgie in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="20574136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574136" title="Jim Kacian">
Jim Kacian

In 1993, he founded Red Moon Press, and in the same year began editing the haiku journal "South by Southeast". Kacian's Red Moon Press is the largest publisher of haiku and haiku-related books outside Japan, with a current catalog of over 60 titles in print, and producing some dozen titles a year, including 12 years of the award-winning annual "Red Moon Anthology". This was followed in 1998 with the editorship of "Frogpond", the journal of the Haiku Society of America. 
Having proposed a new global haiku association in 1999, Kacian co-founded the World Haiku Association with Ban'ya Natsuishi and Dimitar Anakiev. In September 2000 the WHA held its inaugural conference in Tolmin, Slovenia.
From August to November 2000, Kacian traveled to nine countries — the UK, Slovenia, Macedonia, Bulgaria, Romania, Malaysia, New Zealand, Australia, and Japan promoting a global haiku. Having invited haiku poets from around the world to submit their haiku to Frogpond, Kacian compiled and edited 2001’s XXIV:1 issue, featuring haiku from 24 countries. 
In late 2008 Kacian formed and created The Haiku Foundation, a non-profit organization which focuses on archiving English-language haiku's first century while expanding its second, with an official start-date of January 6, 2009.
In August 2013 his comprehensive anthology "Haiku in English: The First Hundred Years" will be published by W. W. Norton & Company. Kacian served as editor-in-chief for the decade-long project, with Allan Burns and Philip Rowland as associate editors, and with a general introduction by former poet laureate Billy Collins. The anthology tells the story of English-language haiku from its first recognized example—Ezra Pound’s “In a Station of the Metro”—to current practice, and offers selections from well over 200 poets in a chronological format. It also features Kacian’s 100-page overview of the genre.
Poetry collections.
Kacian has written sixteen books of poetry, fourteen of which are dedicated to haiku or haiku-related genres. His poems have been translated into many languages.
Featured work.
Kacian's haiku,
(along with 29 other chosen haiku) is etched in a stone along the Katikati Haiku Pathway beside the Uretara Stream in New Zealand. (Poems were selected by the Katikati Haiku Pathway Focus Committee, New Zealand Poetry Society, and Catherine Mair.) In 2010 a second stone featuring his poem
was added, making him one of only three poets with multiple stones, and the only American.
His essays have been cited in such works as:
Kacian's efforts on behalf of global haiku have been featured in:
And 30 of his selected haiku are featured at:
with an additional 17 personally selected in December, 2008 at:
Kacian's work has been anthologized in, among others:
His poem,
serves as the departure point for Richard Gilbert’s monograph on contemporary haiku technique, "The Disjunctive Dragonfly", defining innovative techniques in English-language haiku.
Editorship.
Kacian has edited several English language haiku books and journals, including:
Awards.
As a poet.
Kacian's haiku have won or placed in many national and international haiku competitions in English (and occasionally other languages as well), including recently:
Individual collection awards.
The books listed below have won The Haiku Society of America Merit Book Awards for outstanding achievement in the genre. 
As a publisher.
Kacian’s work as publisher has also been highly recognized:
In 1996 his production of John Elsberg’s "A Week in the Lake District" was a finalist for Virginia Poetry Book of the Year (Virginia State Library). 
In August 2000, "Knots — The Anthology of Southeastern European Haiku Poetry" (1999), which Kacian co-edited with Dimitar Anakiev, won second place in the World Haiku Achievement Competition.
In October 2008 he won the Ginyu Award for Outstanding Contribution to World Haiku (Ginyu issue 40, pp. 13–15).
Publication credits.
Kacian’s poems, articles, and book reviews have appeared internationally in journals, magazines, and newspapers such as:
Speeches.
Kacian has read in many parts of the world, including international poetry festivals in New York, New Orleans, London, Oxford, Belgrade, Vilanice, Ohrid, Skopje, Sofia, Sydney, Hobart, Wellington, Christchurch, Auckland, Tokyo, Tenri, Kyoto, Kumamoto, Los Angeles, Toronto and Washington D.C. Some of his speeches are listed below:
Theorist.
His advocacy, along with that of such poets as Marlene Mountain and Janice Bostok, of single-line haiku in English has initiated renewed interest in this form following its rare usage during the 20th century. His work also champions several innovative techniques (as cited by Richard Gilbert in "The Disjunctive Dragonfly" and in his book "Poems of Consciousness"). Kacian's own critical writings elaborate some of these aesthetic innovations.

</doc>
<doc id="20574140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574140" title="Heike Singer">
Heike Singer

Heike Singer (born 14 July 1964 in Rodewisch) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the mid late 1980s. She won a gold medal in the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Singer also won three gold medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with one in the K-2 500 m (1989) and two in the K-4 500 m (1985, 1989) events.

</doc>
<doc id="20574157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574157" title="Herbert Harold Read">
Herbert Harold Read

Herbert Harold Read FRS, FRSE, FGS, (born Whitstable 17 December 1889, died 29 March 1970) was a British geologist and Professor of Geology at Imperial College. From 1947-1948 he was president of the Geological Society.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1939 & won its Royal Medal in 1963 for "outstanding contributions to the understanding of the processes of rock metamorphism and the origins of granite". He also was awarded the Bigsby Medal, the Wollaston Medal and the Penrose Medal.
Quotes.
"The best geologist is the one who has seen the most rocks." (H. H. Read, 1940)

</doc>
<doc id="20574158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574158" title="Alvin, British Columbia">
Alvin, British Columbia

Alvin is an unincorporated locality just north of the head of Pitt Lake in the Lower Mainland of southwestern British Columbia, Canada.
Alvin was formerly located at the homestead and farm of Alvin Thomas Patterson (1865–1942), a logging contractor and farmer who settled there about 1901, originally from Parrsboro, Nova Scotia. A post office operated at that location from 1915 to 1955. In 1959 a new post office opened at the confluence of Fish Hatchery Creek and the Pitt River upstream from the original site. It was operating as late as 1982 with the postal code V0M 1C0.
The Alvin area has been the site of various logging-related industrial operations, which connected to the outside world via tug and barge traffic on Pitt Lake and the Pitt River. The last logging camp closed down in 1991. There was once a fish hatchery in the area, as indicated by the name of the creek at the modern site of Alvin.
Cleanup of an industrial garbage dump near the river's banks became an issue of concern to sport fishermen, as the Pitt is a river noted for steelhead fishing. The issue came to a head in 2005 when the Pitt River shifted course and began eroding the dump, sending debris downstream. Eventually, 25 000 tonnes of waste and contaminated soil were removed from the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20574159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574159" title="Askew Institute on Politics and Society">
Askew Institute on Politics and Society

The Askew Institute on Politics and Society at the University of Florida was established in 1994 with the primary goal to examine the critical issues facing the region, and to find a consensus to address these issues.
History.
The Institute was named in honor of the 37th Governor of Florida Reubin Askew. The Askew Institute addresses important issues facing the region in a non-partisan fashion and the topics addressed are placed in the proper historical context.
Activities.
The main event for the institute is an annual statewide meeting intended to promote dialogue between state leaders and citizens about public policy issues facing the state as well as to gather recommendations on how best to respond to them.
The institute also convenes several smaller meetings across the state in partnership with agencies such as the State University System of Florida, the Florida Department of Education, and the Institute of Child Health Policy at the University of Florida.
Governor Askew is the convener of all the Annual Meetings and has been assisted by various state, business, and academic leaders throughout the years. The institute partners with three statewide organizations with similar goals: the John Scott Dailey Florida Institute of Government at Florida State University, the Collins Center for Public Policy, and Leadership Florida.
Mission.
This institute tackles three main issues. The first issue is bringing key leaders to the table so that they may discuss the critical issues facing the region. In addition this institute looks heavily into prior precedents so that these leaders will be able to place these issues into the proper context. Lastly this institute serves to assist leaders of the region in meeting the needs of the citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="20574190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574190" title="World Series of Beer Pong">
World Series of Beer Pong

The World Series of Beer Pong (WSOBP) is the largest Beer pong tournament in the world in number of participants and cash prizes offered. It has been held close to or in Las Vegas since January, 2006.
History.
WSOBP I.
WSOBP I, originally known only as “The World Series of Beer Pong”, was held at the Oasis Hotel and Casino in Mesquite, NV from January 2 through January 6, 2006. Approximately 80 teams from the United States and Canada competed for the $10,000 grand prize. The event was won by Scott Donaghey and his arch rival who they unthinkingly teamed up Mark Benson of “BDIYGFM”. Rumors were out in the tournament that Donaghey's career record was 3,987-3. 2 Losses to Benson and 1 loss to a 1 armed man in Katonah, NY.
The two teammates met while students at Plattsburgh State University. Donaghey was born and raised in the hard tough streets of Brewster, NY. It was there, in Donaghey's garage on his 21st birthday in which Donaghey saw the natural but yet raw talent of Benson. Donaghey and Benson went on to battle for years at the Plattsburgh State University beer pong circuit finding each other across the table. " I always saw him as more of a Pippen player, not the Jordan type," Donaghey stated of Benson. Once Donaghey graduated Plattsburgh the circuit was there for Benson to hold the crown. Benson made the analogie that Reggie Miller made of Jordan in 1993, " Take Jordan off the Bulls and what do you have?" This referring to Donaghey graduating Plattsburgh as Benson would seemingly come up short every time he faced off against Donaghey and his highly overated teamate Brian Csorney who Benson quoted " That kid was good for 2 out of 10 cups." With Donaghey not there in Plattsburgh Benson went on to shatter all of Donaghey's records that were held at Plattsburgh. The saying "Weeman's money on the highway" started to ring all over the city of Plattsburgh. When it was time for the two to enter the WSOBP it was only natural of them to join forces.Donaghey resides on the West Coast and very rarely picks up a beer pong ball as his glory years are long passed. Benson usually once every 2 months is found at the Stumble Inn in NYC sinking the balls in cups of beer. 
WSOBP II.
The World Series of Beer Pong II, or WSOBP II, was again held at the Oasis Hotel and Casino in Mesquite, NV, from January 1 through January 5, 2007. The grand prize was doubled from the previous year to $20,000. The increased prize, along with increased public awareness of the event, helped draw 246 teams. The grand prize was won by Antonio “Tone” Vassilatos and Aniello “Neil” Guerriero of “We Own Your Face”. This team had competed in WSOBP I, going undefeated during the preliminary rounds, but dropping out early in the finals. 
A documentary entitled “Last Cup: Road to the World Series of Beer Pong” was produced leading up to and at the event. The film focused on four characters and their preparations of WSOBP II: Jamie “The Champ” Clouser, Scott “Iceman” Reck, Sean Foster, and one of the eventual tournament winners, Antonio “Tone” Vassilatos. The documentary premiered at Cinevegas 2008.
WSOBP III.
The World Series of Beer Pong III, or WSOBP III, was the first World Series of Beer Pong to be held within the limits of Las Vegas, NV. The tournament was held at the South Point Hotel and Casino from January 1 through January 5, 2008. 296 Teams competed for a $50,000 grand prize. The event was won by Jeremy Hughes and Mike Orr of the team “Chauffeuring the Fat Kid”. The final match proved to be high drama, as Chauffeuring the Fat Kid was forced to sink four consecutive cups to stay alive. They were able to do this, forcing overtime, and were able to defeat their opponents from Albany, NY - Chris Baker and Mike Hulse of “The Iron Wizard Coalition”, for the title.
WSOBP IV.
The World Series of Beer Pong IV was held January 1 through 5, 2009 at the Flamingo Hotel and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. The tournament paid out a $50,000 grand prize, and was sponsored by Pabst Blue Ribbon.
The final match was announced by veteran UFC announcer Bruce Buffer
WSOBP V.
In 2010 The World Series of Beer Pong again broke it’s size record, with a field of 468 teams, including international competitors hailing from as far as Ireland and Japan. The event saw an unprecedented level of media and celebrity attention, with crews on hand to cover the event from Maxim, G4 and the Jay Leno Show. Bruce Buffer again returned to announce the final game, and DJ Whoo Kid, celebrity DJ to 50 Cent’s G-Unit, was signed to DJ the event.
WSOBP VI.
This year’s event – the largest in WSOBP history – drew 507 teams from 48 U.S. states, six Canadian provinces and nine countries, as well as more than a thousand spectators. Some players were skilled winners of the more than 200 Satellite™ Tournaments; others simply paid the entry fee, and played for the fun and camaraderie. All had a chance at the prize money with a guaranteed 12 games over two days and the chance to advance to the finals on day three. In addition to the main competition, several side events were held at The Flamingo and O’Sheas Casino, including East vs. West, Singles, Ladies, International and Co-Ed tournaments, with prize money totaling $65,000.
WSOBP VII.
This year’s event drew 480 teams from 48 U.S. states and 14 countries, as well as more than a thousand spectators who received free samples from event sponsors NüVo Condoms and Twang Beer Salt. Some players were skilled winners of the more than 200 satellite qualifiers; others simply paid the entry fee to enjoy the fun, camaraderie and sportsmanship. All had a chance at the prize money with a guaranteed 12 games over two days and the chance to advance to the finals on day three. In addition to the main competition, several side events were held, including East vs. West, Men’s and Women’s Singles, Co-Ed, International and Random Draw tournaments, with prize money totalling $65,000.
WSOBP VIII.
This year's event will be held at The Flamingo Las Vegas Casino and Hotel January 1–5, 2013. There will be a $50,000 Grand Prize and a $5,000 costume prize.
Format.
WSOBP IV was structured as a three-day event, with tournament matches scheduled for January 2, 3, and 4. The first two days are preliminary rounds, with each team playing 6 games per day, for a total of 12 games. The 128 highest ranked teams from preliminaries qualified for finals on day 3. The final day filtered the 128 teams down to 64 teams who were then be entered into a double-elimination bracket for the championships. Smashing time won this event making them 2X champs.
Equipment.
All games at the WSOBP and all WSOBP Satellite Tournaments are played using 8Ft. Beer Pong Tables, 16 oz. cups, and 40mm 3-star Beer Pong balls, all manufactured and sold by BPONG.COM.
Rules.
According to BPONG.COM, The World Series of Beer Pong official rules were designed with three purposes in mind: 
Satellite Tournaments.
While entrance to the WSOBP can be purchased, many teams gain entrance to the World Series of Beer Pong by winning a WSOBP Satellite Tournament. WSOBP Satellite Tournaments are smaller regional tournaments held by local bars and Beer Pong leagues that offer entrance into the WSOBP as the grand prize. These events are operated in accordance with WSOBP standard rules, and use the official equipment (cups, balls, and tables) of the World Series of Beer Pong. For the WSOBP IV season, over 100 Satellite events were held in 19 States and 1 Canadian province.

</doc>
<doc id="20574224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574224" title="Hyalosagda">
Hyalosagda

Hyalosagda is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Sagdidae.
Species.
Species in the genus "Hyalosagda" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20574225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574225" title="Roy Cameron">
Roy Cameron

Sir Gordon Roy Cameron FRCP FRS (30 June 1899 – 7 October 1966) was an Australian pathologist.
Childhood and education.
Cameron was born in 1899 in Echuca, Victoria to George Cameron and his wife Emily Pascoe. He was educated at state schools in local villages including Mitiamo, Lancefield, Dunkeld and finally (from 1911 to 1917) at Kyneton, although from 1913 to 1917 he was occupied with compulsory military service. He gained a scholarship to Queen's College at the University of Melbourne, where he studied medicine from February 1916 to 1922, when he graduated with a second-class MB BS. A lecture by Harry Brookes Allen convinced Cameron to focus on Pathology, and he was appointed Stewart Lecturer of Pathology at the University of Melbourne in 1924.
Career.
In 1925 Charles Kellaway invited Cameron to work at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research as the deputy director, where he remained until 1927, when he left to take up a position at University College Hospital (UCH) under Arthur Boycott, with the idea that he would return to take over from Harry Allen. When his time in London was up however he discovered he did not want to return, and he instead took up board with Fred Crewe (Boycott's chief technician) and his wife Alice, with whom he lived for the rest of his life and who remained devoted to him. He never married. In 1929 he became Graham Scholar in Pathology at the Hospital, followed by a promotion to Beit Fellow for Medical Research in 1930. He spent a year as a pathologist at Queen Mary's Hospital but, unhappy with the job, returned to UCH in 1934, this time as a Reader in Pathology. Boycott retired as Reader in Morbid Anatomy in 1937 and Cameron succeeded him, although he then spent much of World War II working with Joseph Barcroft at Porton Down studying the effects of poison gas. After the war Roy returned to UCH, this time as head of the Graham department. 
He retired in 1964 and died of heart disease on 7 October 1966.
He was knighted in 1957. He had made his only return visit to Australia in 1962 to accept an honorary Doctor of Laws from the University of Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20574244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574244" title="Karekin Deveciyan">
Karekin Deveciyan

Karekin Deveciyan (1868 in Harput – 1964 in Istanbul) was a Turkish-Armenian zoologist who wrote "Türkiye'de Balık ve Balıkçılık", one of the first scientific studies on fish and fisheries in Turkey. He served in the Ottoman bureaucracy and hold offices related to fishery. He was the grandfather of French politician Patrick Devedjian.
Further reading.
Karekin Deveciyan's book publish by Aras written in Turkish

</doc>
<doc id="20574280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574280" title="David A. Freedman">
David A. Freedman

David Amiel Freedman (1938–2008) was Professor of Statistics at the University of California, Berkeley. He was a distinguished mathematical statistician whose wide-ranging research included the analysis of martingale inequalities, Markov processes, de Finetti's theorem, consistency of Bayes estimators, sampling, the bootstrap, and procedures for testing and evaluating models. He published extensively on methods for causal inference and the behavior of standard statistical models under non-standard conditions – for example, how regression models behave when fitted to data from randomized experiments. Freedman also wrote widely on the application—and misapplication—of statistics in the social sciences, including epidemiology, public policy, and law.
Biography and awards.
Freedman was a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the American Statistical Association and an elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He won the 2003 John J. Carty Award for the Advancement of Science from the National Academy of Sciences "for his profound contributions to the theory and practice of statistics, including rigorous foundations for Bayesian inference and trenchant analysis of census adjustment." He was a Fellow at the Miller Institute for Basic Research in Science in 1990, an Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Fellow in 1964–66, and a Canada Council Fellow at Imperial College London in 1960–61.
Freedman was born in Montreal, Canada, on 5 March 1938. He received a B.Sc. from McGill University in 1958 and a M.A. and a Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1959 and 1960, respectively. He joined the University of California, Berkeley Department of Statistics in 1961 as a lecturer and was appointed to the research faculty in 1962. He remained at Berkeley his entire career. He started his professional life as a probabilist and mathematical statistician with Bayesian leanings but became one of the world's leading applied statisticians and a circumspect frequentist.
Freedman was a consulting or testifying expert on statistics in disputes involving employment discrimination, fair loan practices, voting rights, duplicate signatures on petitions, railroad taxation, ecological inference, flight patterns of golf balls, price scanner errors, Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (Mad Cow disease), and sampling. He consulted for the Bank of Canada, the Carnegie Commission, the City of San Francisco, the County of Los Angeles, and the Federal Reserve, as well as the U.S. departments of energy, treasury, justice, and commerce. Freedman and his colleague Kenneth Wachter testified to the United States Congress and the courts against adjusting the 1980 and 1990 censuses using estimates of differential undercounts. A 1990 lawsuit that sought to compel the United States Department of Commerce to adjust the census was heard on appeal by the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled unanimously in favor of the Commerce Department and Freedman and Wachter's analysis. With David Kaye, Freedman wrote a widely used primer on statistics for lawyers and judges published by the Federal Judicial Center, the education and research agency for the United States federal courts.
In addition to his work in forensic statistics, Freedman had a broad impact on the application of statistics to important medical, social, and public policy issues, such as clinical trials, epidemiology, economic models, and the interpretation of scientific experiments and observational studies. In his applied work, Freedman emphasized exposing and checking the assumptions that underlie standard methods, as well as understanding how those methods behave when the assumptions are false. He characterized circumstances in which the methods continue to perform well, and those where they break down—regardless of the quality of the data. Two of his earlier results (1963 and 1965) investigate whether or not and under what circumstances a Bayesian learning approach is consistent, i.e. when does the prior converge to the true probability distribution given sufficiently many observed data. In particular the 1965 paper with the innocent title "On the asymptotic behaviour of Bayes estimates in the discrete case II" finds the rather disappointing answer that when sampling from a countably infinite population the Bayesian procedure fails almost everywhere, i.e. one does not obtain the true distribution asymptotically. This situation is quite different from the finite case when the (discrete) random variable takes only finite many values and the Bayesian method is consistent in agreement with earlier findings of Doob (1948).
Freedman was the author or co-author of 200 articles, 20 technical reports and six books, including a highly innovative and influential introductory statistics textbook, "Statistics" (2007), with Robert Pisani and Roger Purves, which has gone through four editions. The late Amos Tversky of Stanford University observed that “This is a great book. It is the best introduction to how to think about statistical issues….” It has a “wealth of real-world examples that illuminate principles and applications….a classic.” Freedman’s "Statistical Models: Theory and Practice" (2005) is an advanced text on statistical modeling that likewise achieves a remarkable integration between extensive examples and statistical theory.
Landmark articles by Freedman include “Statistical Models and Shoe Leather” (1991), “What is the Chance of an Earthquake?” (2003), “Methods for Census 2000 and Statistical Adjustments” (2007), and “On Types of Scientific Enquiry: The Role of Qualitative Reasoning” (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20574281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574281" title="Frederick Marathon">
Frederick Marathon

The Frederick Marathon was the flagship race of several races held in Frederick, Maryland known collectively as the Frederick Running Festival. The 7th annual marathon took place on May 2nd, 2010 and 706 participants finished. Carefirst (the mid-atlantic organization of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association), sponsored the event.
In the 2010 race, Morton Caster of Westminster, Maryland won the men's race with a time of 2:44:57, while Becki Pierotti of Hazleton, Pennsylvania won the woman's race with a time of 3:14:49. 
A notable result in the marathon's history is Michael Wardian's breaking the then world record for fastest marathon while pushing a baby stroller. Wardian accomplished this in 2007 with a time of 2:42:21. Wardian also owns the men's record for the race, with a 2:26:44 finish in 2006.
Other races that take place are a half-marathon, team relay race, 5K race, and kids fun run.
It was announced in October 2010 that the marathon was discontinued. The safety of marathon runners was cited as a primary factor. The Running Festival will continue, with a focus on the half marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="20574296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574296" title="Anke Nothnagel">
Anke Nothnagel

Anke Von Seck-Nothnagel (born 10 September 1966 in Brandenburg an der Havel) is an East German-German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won four medals with three golds (1988: K-2 500 m, K-4 500 m; 1992: K-2 500 m) and one silver (1992: K-4 500 m).
Nothangel also won eight gold medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four in the K-2 500 m (1987, 1989, 1990, 1991) and four in the K-4 500 m (1987, 1989, 1990, 1991) events.

</doc>
<doc id="20574297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574297" title="Vermont Route 78">
Vermont Route 78

Vermont Route 78 is an east–west state highway in northwestern Vermont, United States. It begins at U.S. Route 2 in Alburgh near the New York and Canadian borders, and runs southeast to VT 105 in Sheldon. It is one of two routes connecting the Vermont mainland to the Grand Isle area of Lake Champlain, the other being US 2 north of Burlington.
Route description.
VT 78 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 2 in Alburgh. It crosses Lake Champlain onto the mainland, and proceeds southwest into the village of Swanton. Upon entering the town, VT 78 intersects the western terminus of VT 36. The route crosses the Missisquoi River and immediately intersects U.S. Route 7. The two routes overlap very briefly, then VT 78 heads east through the village to an interchange with Interstate 89 at exit 21, just east of the village line in the town of Swanton. VT 78 continues northeast into the town of Highgate, meeting and briefly overlapping VT 207. VT 78 then continues southeast to its terminus at VT 105 in Sheldon.

</doc>
<doc id="20574301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574301" title="Honor Bright">
Honor Bright

Honor Bright is a 5-member Pop punk/rock band from Morrisville Community College in Syracuse, New York. Their musical style has drawn comparisons to bands like Taking Back Sunday, Cartel, Mayday Parade, early Fall Out Boy as well as Cher, Nickleback, and Metallica.
Formation.
Honor Bright first started when Liam DiCosimo and Tim Paige's post-hardcore band broke up, leaving them without a project. Together they started writing new songs that would become Honor Bright. Anthony Merritt had previously played in a band with Liam and was recruited to play bass. Curt Henry, former member of "The Arlo Story", was found through an internet post made by Liam searching for a drummer. As a four piece on guitar, Honor Bright recorded a 5 song self-titled demo and went out on a month long tour of the country. Upon return, they made the decision to have Liam become just a front man and Ryan Gilmore was asked to join and he left his previous band. The lineup remained the same through the life of the band.
Early years (2006-2009).
The band formed in Syracuse, New York in 2006, and their first recording, a self-titled, 5-song EP, was released that same year. They opened for several acts including Cartel, Anberlin, Boys Like Girls, and Bayside. On June 3, 2007, the band self-released their first full-length album "Build Hearts From Stars". The group was involved in a van accident while touring behind this album. Honor Bright were voted on to the Vans Warped Tour in 2008, playing the Ernie Ball Stage at the Buffalo, NY (Darien Center) show on July 24 of that year. That performance led to the band being chosen to play on MTV's Total Request Live on July 30. They performed an acoustic version of "Home Is A Heartache", a track from their EP, "If This Was A Movie", released two days after the MTV performance. 
On August 11, 2008, the band was selected as the front page Featured Artist on PureVolume, where they topped the "Rock", "Emo", "Pop" and "All Genre" charts. In October 2008, Honor Bright signed with The Artery Foundation which manages bands including Alesana, A Day To Remember and A Static Lullaby. On December 1, 2008 the band re-released "Build Hearts From Stars" (with two bonus tracks) on Aux Records at a show in Syracuse while opening for Forever The Sickest Kids. Guitarist Tim Paige formed a solo side project, The Brilliant Light, which has also signed to Aux Records. 
In early 2009, they were featured in the unsigned band sections of both Alternative Press (AP) and American Music Press (AMP) magazines. For the second consecutive year, Honor Bright won a spot on the Van's Warped Tour. This time winning AP's AP&R fan vote for the opportunity to play the Cleveland date.
Triple Crown era (2009-2011).
On July 11, 2009, Honor Bright signed with Triple Crown Records. They recorded for Triple Crown in November/December 2009 in Florida with Tom Denney, formerly of A Day To Remember, and Jason Lancaster of Go Radio and formerly of Mayday Parade. The album, titled "Action! Drama! Suspense!", was released on July 20, 2010. 
In March, 2010, Honor Bright was named one of the "100 Bands You Need To Know" in Alternative Press' annual feature. That accolade earned the band a slot on AP's stage at SXSW in Austin, TX. In April 2010, Tim Paige recorded his second disc, "Things That I Won't Need", as The Brilliant Light. On April 13, 2010, Honor Bright was added to first day lineup of The Bamboozle Festival in New Jersey.
In June 2011, Honor Bright announced they would be breaking up on their tumblr page via Tim Paige.
In 2012, Honor Bright announced on their Facebook page that they would be reuniting, with new music to come. 
Band Name.
The name Honor Bright comes from the short story "Rocking Horse Winner" by DH Lawrence. It's English slang for being honest. They were originally known as Trouble On The Dance Floor, but changed their name to Honor Bright to avoid confusion with the similarly named Panic At The Disco.

</doc>
<doc id="20574308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574308" title="Syksey">
Syksey

Syksey (fl. 1840-1849) was the pseudonym of an American criminal and member of the Bowery Boys. He was supposedly the lieutenant and longtime companion to Mose the Fireboy during the 1840s, often the storyteller of his feats, and is credited for coining the phrase ""hold 'de but"", a common expression used during the mid-to late 19th century meaning to borrow a dead cigar or to ""bum a smoke"". He was later portrayed in Benjamin Baker's play "Mose, the Bowery B'hoy" which performed at the old Olympic Theater in 1849 and later toured throughout the United States during the late 1840s and 50s. His pseudonym may have been derived from Bill Sikes, the sidekick of gang leader Fagin from Oliver Twist.

</doc>
<doc id="20574311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574311" title="Pyotr Meshchaninov">
Pyotr Meshchaninov

Pyotr Meshchaninov is a Russian pianist and conductor specialized in Russian contemporary music. He premiered Sofia Gubaidulina's Concerto for bassoon and low strings back in 1976, and was dedicated her 1981 Descensio. 

</doc>
<doc id="20574317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574317" title="The Groove (band)">
The Groove (band)

The Groove were an Australian R&B, pop group which formed in early 1967 with the lineup of Geoff Bridgford on drums, Jamie Byrne on bass guitar, Tweed Harris on keyboards, Rod Stone on guitar and Peter Williams on lead vocals and guitar. In December 1967 their single, "Simon Says", peaked at No. 17 on the "Go-Set" National Top 40 Singles Chart. They followed with "Soothe Me", which peaked at No. 14 in April 1968. Also in April they released their self-titled debut album. In July that year they won the national final of the Hoadley's Battle of the Sounds competition with the prize including a trip to London. They relocated there in March 1969, and early the following year they changed their name to Eureka Stockade, they disbanded in 1971. On 13 October 2004 Tweed Harris died of throat cancer, aged 63.
History.
The Groove were an R&B pop group formed in Melbourne in early 1967 – all members had some experience in other bands. The original line-up was Geoff Bridgford (ex-Steve & the Board) on drums, Jamie Byrne (Black Pearls, Running Jumping Standing Still) on bass guitar, Tweed Harris (Levi Smith Clefs) on keyboards, Rod Stone (The Librettos, Normie Rowe & The Playboys) on guitar and Peter Williams (Max Merritt & The Meteors) on lead vocals and guitar. They were gathered together by artist manager and booking agent, Garry Spry (The Twilights). The Groove played Stax Soul and 1960s R&B in the style of Otis Redding, Wilson Pickett, Sam & Dave, Arthur Conley and The Isley Brothers. The Groove's repertoire was tailored to the vocal style of Williams, who had gained experience in this genre when with Max Merritt & The Meteors, one of its earliest exponents in Australasia.
The Groove scored early national chart breakthrough with their second single "Simon Says" – previously recorded by both The Isley Brothers and The Platters. The Groove's version was a Top 10 hit in Sydney and Melbourne and peaked at No. 17 on the "Go-Set" National Top 40 Singles Chart in December 1967. The group undertook a national tour in February 1968 and in April their most successful single and second national Top 20 hit – a cover version of Sam Cooke's "Soothe Me" – peaked at No. 14. That same month they issued their debut self-titled album, "The Groove", on EMI and Columbia Records. In July they won the grand final of a national band competition, Hoadley's Battle of the Sounds – their prize was a trip to London.
Their next single, "What Is Soul?", was a cover of Ben E. King's song, it was a No. 13 hit in Melbourne, reached the Top 40 in Brisbane, and peaked at No. 36 on the national Top 40. They released a further single, "You Are the One I Love", which made the lower reaches of the Melbourne and Brisbane charts but did not reach the national Top 40. In March 1969, using their Hoadley's competition prize, the band relocated to the United Kingdom. Later that month their single, "Relax Me", reached the "Go-Set" Top 40. In the UK they worked and recorded for two years. In June 1969 they released a last single, "The Wind", as The Groove – it did not chart. In early 1970 the group changed their name to Eureka Stockade and issued another single, "Sing No Love Songs", in February. The group recorded an album for Decca Records which was not released, then, early in 1971, they disbanded.
After disbandment.
After the break up of The Groove, Harris and Stone toured the UK and the rest of Europe backing Cliff Richard and playing with The Echoes behind John Rowles. Stone also toured in the backing band for comedians Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise, which he considers one of the enjoyable moments of his career. Bridgford joined the Bee Gees (replacing Colin Petersen) while Williams teamed up with female vocal trio, The Cookies (also managed by Spry) to become The Spirit of Progress and toured the UK. Later on he joined The Mixtures and toured Europe and Australia.
Harris became an arranger and producer in Australia from the mid-1970s. His credits include Sherbet (he orchestrated their single "Cassandra" and its parent album), Daryl Braithwaite, production for Renee Geyer, Bobby Bright, Kush, and folk artist Lionel Long. He performed as second keyboardist with the reformed version of The Groop for its 1988–89 reformation tour, and undertook TV soundtrack commissions. In later years he had a career writing music for TV and advertising both in Australia and Singapore. Harris was diagnosed with throat cancer in the late 1990s and underwent surgery, he died on 13 October 2004, aged 63.

</doc>
<doc id="20574324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574324" title="Pedro González (baseball)">
Pedro González (baseball)

Pedro González Olivares (born December 12, 1937 in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman. In 407 career games with the New York Yankees (1963-65) and Cleveland Indians (1965-67), he had 264 hits with a batting average of .244.

</doc>
<doc id="20574326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574326" title="Gustave Bloch">
Gustave Bloch

Gustave Bloch (July 21, 1848, Fegersheim, Bas-Rhin – December 3, 1923) was a French Jewish historian of ancient history born in Fegersheim, a commune located in the department of Bas-Rhin. He was the father of historian Marc Bloch (1886–1944), who along with Lucien Febvre (1878–1956), was co-founder of the École des Annales.
He received his agrégation in 1872, and during the following year began teaching classes in rhetoric at Lycée de Besançon. In 1876 he became a lecturer, and several years later started work as a professor of Greek and Roman antiquities at the University of Lyon. Beginning in 1888 he taught history at the École Normale Supérieure, where he succeeded historian Paul Guiraud [1850-1907). From 1904 to 1919 he was a professor of Roman history at the "Faculté des lettres" in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20574409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574409" title="Redler">
Redler

Redler is a German surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="20574437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574437" title="Georgia Yellow Hammers">
Georgia Yellow Hammers

The Georgia Yellow Hammers is an old-time string and vocal quartet from Gordon County, Georgia from the 1920s. The group featured Charles Moody, Jr. on guitar; Bud Landress on banjo; Phil Reeve on guitar; and Bill Chitwood on fiddle.
Collaboration with the Baxters.
The group often played with Andrew and Jim Baxter from Curryville, GA (also in Gordon County). Curryville was also home to music legend Roland Hayes. Andrew Baxter's unique style of fiddle is heard an early recording of a band favorite entitled "G-Rag". Interestingly enough, the Baxter's were African Americans. This is an interesting note due to the time period. The band released one of the top selling records of 1920s southern music with 1927's release "The Picture on the Wall"/"My Carolina Girl". The 1927 recording session with the Baxter's took place in Charlotte, NC, and was a rare integrated session, uncommon even through the mid to late 20th century. Andrew and Jim Baxter were a well known duo for the time in their own right around Northwest Georgia.
Legacy.
The band is nationally recognized as an important 1920s "old-time" band. Their songs can still be heard from early recordings on such sites as YouTube.com and others. The song "Drifting Too Far From The Shore" written by member Charles Moody has been covered by such artists as Jerry Garcia, Emmylou Harris, Phil Lesh & Friends, Hank Williams, and many others, as well as being a standard in many gospel hymnals. The Calhoun High School football stadium in Calhoun, Georgia is also named after the guitar player and founding member Phil Reeve.
Georgia Yellow Hammers recorded songs including:
Mary, Don't You Weep
I'm S-A-V-E-D
Pass around the Bottle
Fourth of July at a County Fair (1927)
Going to Ride That Midnight Train
Tennessee Coon (1927)
My Carolina Girl (1927)
G Rag with Andrew Baxter (1927 Aug. 9)
Peaches down in Georgia
Picture on the Wall (1928)

</doc>
<doc id="20574469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574469" title="Kevin De Freitas">
Kevin De Freitas

Kevin De Freitas is an award-winning Canadian music video director. He has directed videos for Canadian bands such as Hedley, The Waking Eyes, Big Sugar and Armchair Cynics. The solo artists he's worked with include Mariah Carey, Lionel Richie, Pharoahe Monch, Mims (rapper), Choclair, Classified (rapper), Saukrates, Sean Paul, Snow (musician), Wayne Wonder, Lady Saw, Carl Thomas, Loon (rapper), DJ Kay Slay, Donnie McClurkin, Kirk Franklin, Amanda Perez, Keshia Chanté, Shawn Desman, Carolyn Dawn Johnson, Serena Ryder and Steven Page among many others.
De Freitas has received numerous awards and nominations for his work. At the 2008 MuchMusic Video Awards, he won Best Director and Best Video of the Year for
Hedley's "For the Nights I Can't Remember". He also won Best Rock Video and Best Cinematography for Hedley's "She's So Sorry". In 2007, he was awarded Best Pop Video for Hedley's "Gunnin". In 2003, he won a Best Pop MMVA for Shawn Desman's "Get Ready". The Reel World Film Festival presented De Freitas with a Trailblazer Award for Achievement in Filmmaking in 2002. In 2001, he won a Best Rap Video MMVA for Baby Blue Soundcrew's "Money Jane" (featuring Sean Paul, Kardinal Offishall and Jully Black). 
He directed the Canadian series of PSAs for Bono’s Make Poverty History ‘Click’ campaign, which was part of the Live 8 concert event for Africa. The PSAs included Bryan Adams, Gordon Downie, Sam Roberts, K-OS, K'naan, Gordon Lightfoot, Gary Dourdan from , Tom Green, Darryl McDaniels, Mötley Crüe, Barenaked Ladies, Jet, as well as members from Sum 41, Simple Plan and Billy Talent.

</doc>
<doc id="20574474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574474" title="Juggler of Worlds">
Juggler of Worlds

Juggler of Worlds (2008) is the sequel novel to "Fleet of Worlds" by Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner.
It is set in the Known Space universe. Most of the book revisits earlier stories (the Beowulf Shaeffer stories in "Crashlander" from the points of view of Sigmund Ausfaller and several Pierson's Puppeteers, and "The Soft Weapon" and parts of "Fleet of Worlds" from the point of view of Nessus). The novel also severely revises the established knowledge of the Outsider race. The final quarter of the book returns to the setting of "Fleet of Worlds".

</doc>
<doc id="20574476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574476" title="Ghost goal">
Ghost goal

A ghost goal, also known as a phantom goal, is a term used in association football to describe a questionable decision, usually involving incertitude or controversy as to whether or not a ball crossed the goal line. A ghost goal can be awarded without the ball ever crossing the goal-line and, conversely, the term can be applied when the ball crosses the goal-line unseen by the referee.
Etymology.
The term arose from a quote by Chelsea manager José Mourinho following a 2004–05 UEFA Champions League semi-final against Liverpool, ultimately decided by a single goal by Luis García, awarded by referee Ľuboš Micheľ, but dubbed a "ghost goal" and described as "a goal that came from the moon" by Mourinho.
Television replays were inconclusive as to whether the ball crossed the line or not. Micheľ said that his decision was based on the reaction of the assistant referee, who signaled that the ball had indeed crossed over the line, but had he not awarded Liverpool the goal, he would have had no other alternative but to award them a penalty kick and send off Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Čech for a foul on Milan Baroš instead.
After studying a series of still images of the incident, motion expert Dr Mike Spann concluded that Micheľ had made the correct decision by signaling a goal. "The positioning and body movements of Chelsea's William Gallas, who tried to clear Luis García's shot with his right foot, as well as the movement of the ball relative to Gallas, led Spann to conclude: 'It was a goal'."
After the 2005 incident, the terms "ghost goal" and "phantom goal" have both been used to describe similar incidents at both club and international level.
In Germany, the term "Phantomtor" usually refers to the Bundesliga "goal" scored by Thomas Helmer in 1994. It was an error by the match officials, with the ball just missing the goal. It also was an important goal, as it directly influenced the outcome of the competition and led to an official objection by FIFA because the German Football Federation ordered a re-match.
Incidents at club level.
A few months prior to the incident at Anfield, Pedro Mendes of Tottenham Hotspur caught Manchester United's goalkeeper Roy Carroll off his line with a shot from 55 yards out, in the 89th minute of a Premier League match in January 2005. Carroll unconvincingly caught the shot and spilled the ball over his shoulder and a few yards over the goal line, before scooping the ball back into the playing area. Referee Mark Clattenburg and his officials were unable to determine whether the ball had crossed the line and the game finished goalless.
Referee Stuart Attwell awarded a goal to Reading against Watford in an English Football League Championship match in September 2008 - despite the ball having passed wide of the goal, meaning his assistant should have awarded a corner kick; the match finished 2–2. A similar incident happened in a German 2. Fußball-Bundesliga match between MSV Duisburg and FSV Frankfurt when Christian Tiffert took a shot that hit the crossbar and landed 1.5 m outside of the goal-line yet was still awarded as a goal. 
Conversely, during an English Championship game in August 2009, Crystal Palace's Freddie Sears put the ball in the net, hitting the stanchion at the back of the goal, but rapidly bounced out. A goal was not awarded. This is not the first time that such an incident has occurred in a match involving the London club, however; during a match away to Coventry City on 6 September 1980, Clive Allen took a free-kick which thumped against the right-hand stanchion inside the goal (from Allen's view) before coming back out again. After much arguing and consulting with his assistant, the referee decided that the ball had not crossed the line. 
Another notable ghost goal in England came in a game between Bolton Wanderers and Queen's Park Rangers on 10 March 2012, when QPR's Clint Hill headed the ball in from close range, crossing the line by a couple of yards, before keeper Ádám Bogdán was able to palm the ball onto the crossbar and out. The goal was not awarded. The Football Association subsequently called for goal-line technology to be implemented as soon as possible. This incident was also notable for the fact the corner had been wrongly given, meaning that two bad decisions evened themselves out.
On 15 April 2012, in Chelsea's FA Cup semi-final against Tottenham Hotspur, referee Martin Atkinson awarded Chelsea a goal resulting from a 49th minute shot by Juan Mata. Atkinson ruled that the shot had crossed the line, despite replays confirming that several Tottenham players had successfully blocked the effort at a point several yards in front of the goal-line. John Terry, the Chelsea player with the clearest view of the "goal" from his vantage point on the ground, admitted uncertainty: “I thought it hit me, if I'm honest. I don't think it did the line, I thought it stayed out, but I've not seen it on the replay.”
On 17 March 2013, another phantom goal was inexplicably given during a Spanish third division game between Quintanar del Rey and Toledo. A Quintanar player lashed a shot from distance which hit the underside of the bar and then safely be cleaned up by the opposition defense. Without a single appeal about the ball crossing the line had been made by the Quintanar players, the match continued after the Toledo goalkeeper collected the loose ball. But, for reasons known only to himself, the referee decided to award the goal.
On 18 October 2013, Stefan Kießling from Bayer Leverkusen was involved in a situation against Hoffenheim. He appeared to have missed the net on a header attempt off a corner. He turned away in frustration only to have his teammates come celebrate with him seconds later. Upon further review, the ball ended up in the back of the net after squeezing through a hole in the side netting, unnoticed by everybody at the time. The goal was allowed and was the cause of much debate after the game.
Incidents at international level.
1966 World Cup Final.
With 11 minutes of extra-time elapsed and the score level at 2-2, Alan Ball put in a cross to England striker Geoff Hurst, who swivelled and shot from close range. The ball hit the underside of the crossbar bouncing down towards the line and bounced off the ground before being cleared away by West Germany's defenders. 
The England players celebrated a goal, but referee Gottfried Dienst was uncertain if they had indeed scored. He consulted his assistant, Tofik Bahramov; after non-verbal communication, as they had no common language, the Swiss referee awarded the goal to the home team. The crowd and the audience of 400 million television viewers were left unsure whether the ball had crossed the line and whether the goal should have been given or not.
Bahramov, from Azerbaijan, became famous and celebrated in English popular culture as "the Russian linesman", as Azerbaijan was part of the USSR at the time, and the nickname stuck to the point where his real name was almost all but forgotten. Bahramov also became famous in his home land. Azerbaijan's national football stadium was named after him and a statue was built. When England played the Azerbaijan national team in a World Cup qualifier in October 2004 — in the stadium named after Bahramov — many England fans travelling to the game asked to be shown the grave of the official, who had died in 1996, so that they could place flowers on it, and before the game a ceremony honouring him was attended by Hurst and other footballing celebrities.
In England, supporters cite the good position of the linesman and the statement of Roger Hunt, the nearest England player to the ball, who claimed it was a goal and that was why he wheeled away in celebration rather than attempting to tap the rebounding ball in.
According to the Laws of the Game the definition of a goal is when "the whole of the ball passes over the goal line". The Germans argue that if that were the case, it would likely have bounced from there into the net, not out on the field as it did. In addition, German players claimed to have seen chalk dust, which would indicate it was not a goal and that the ball had merely bounced on the goal-line. The English counter by saying that the backspin put on the ball after hitting the crossbar could just as likely have caused the ball to bounce behind the line and then back out of the goal. Hunt claimed to have seen the ball bounce behind the line. 
When Bahramov wrote his memoirs, he stated that he believed the ball had bounced back not from the crossbar, but from the net, so the further movement of the ball was already insignificant, and not visible for him either so it did not matter where the ball hit the ground anyway. Referee Dienst did not see the scene. Commentators such as Robert Becker of "Kicker" magazine accused the assistant of bias because the German team eliminated the Soviets in the semi-final.
A study conducted by the engineering department at Oxford University concluded that the ball did not cross the line entirely and that it was 6 cm away from being a goal. In Germany it led to the creation of the expression "Wembley-Tor", or "Wembley goal", a phrase used to describe any goal or non goal scored in a similar fashion to Hurst's.
There exists colour footage of Hurst's goal, taken from another angle by an amateur cameraman situated on the stands and having a view almost parallel to the English goal line. This film material appears to show that the ball did not cross the goal line in full.
England went on to win the match 4-2.
England v Germany at the 2010 World Cup.
On 27 June 2010, England were playing Germany in the knockout round of the 2010 World Cup in Bloemfontein. In the 38th minute, 53 seconds after Matthew Upson had scored for England, Frank Lampard shot the ball and it hit the underside of the crossbar, resulting in it crossing the line into the goal but bouncing back into the field of play due to backspin (without hitting the net). Neither the referee or his assistant were in a position to award the goal. Had the goal been given, England would have drawn level at 2–2. Germany, where this goal was given names like "Wembley goal reloaded", "inverted Wembley goal" or "revenge for Wembley", went on to win the game 4–1.
England v Ukraine at Euro 2012.
On 19 June 2012, on the final matchday of the group stage of UEFA Euro 2012, the match between England and Ukraine featured a ghost goal by Ukraine's Marko Dević. With the co-hosts trailing 0–1 to a 48th-minute headed goal by Wayne Rooney, Dević's shot was hooked clear from behind the England goal-line by John Terry under the eyes of a fifth official standing beside the goal. While replays also showed Artem Milevskiy to be offside during the build-up to Dević's ghost goal, the following day, UEFA and its chief refereeing officer Pierluigi Collina admitted an error had been made and that Ukraine had been denied a legitimate goal. FIFA president Sepp Blatter called the use of technology "a necessity".

</doc>
<doc id="20574524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574524" title="International Islamic Federation of Student Organizations">
International Islamic Federation of Student Organizations

The International Islamic Federation of Student Organizations (IIFSO), is an international student and youth federation with a membership rate of about 100 student and youth organizations in more than 60 countries. IIFSO started as a student initiative in Ibadan university in Nigeria in 1966, and was formally established in Aachen, Germany in 1969. 
Since 1977, IIFSO joined the united nations as an NGO with a special consultative status in the economic and social council and thus having mutual grounds in support of UN's initiatives such as its current millennium development goals (MDGs).
IIFSO's mission is to "serve, develop, integrate, and represent the Islamic student organizations worldwide while building bridges with other cultures in order to participate in building a brighter future for Muslim youth".
The IIFSO publishes and distributes large quantities of pocket editions of books on Islam.
It published more than 1000 books in more than 100 languages to spread Islamic and humanitarian values and promote youth engagement. It also organized hundreds of capacity-building trainings to youth activists everywhere. IIFSO participated in several conferences in topics such as human rights, islamophobia, women rights, terrorism, social development, etc.
It specializes in ideologically oriented works by Abul Ala Maududi, Sayyid Qutb, Muhammad Qutb and Abul Hasan Ali Nadwi, among others. The IIFSO's books are printed in their original language (Urdu, Arabic) as well as in translations to English, French and Spanish. 

</doc>
<doc id="20574526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574526" title="Kirsten Bomblies">
Kirsten Bomblies

Kirsten Bomblies is a biological researcher. She was born in 1973 in Germany and grew up in Castle Rock, CO. She received a BA in Biochemistry and Biology from The University of Pennsylvania in 1996. Her research plumbs the genetic, biophysical and other processes that may give rise to new species. She focuses primarily on species in the Arabidopsis genus. For her PhD with John Doebley at the University of Wisconsin - Madison, she studied extant domesticated Maize (called "Corn" colloquially in United States) with some study of Teosinte, its wild precursor. She examines how these plants as well as organisms in general develop to their extant form and function due to the influence of their component genes, proteins and other intrinsic and extrinsic forces. As a postdoc with Detlef Weigel at the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology in Tuebingen, Germany, she began to study how individuals interact with other organisms and to examine selection forces within and across species boundaries, accessions, chronological gradients and other delineations. The work has an experimental component but the theoretical implications of the discoveries Bomblies and her colleagues made have received lots of attention. She was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 2008. She joined the faculty of Harvard University effective July 2009. In her spare time she does nature themed watercolors and other art. She is married to Levi Yant. 

</doc>
<doc id="20574527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574527" title="Kentucky Route 915">
Kentucky Route 915

Kentucky Route 915 (KY 915) is a road that runs from the city limits of Wilder, Kentucky, to just outside Alexandria, Kentucky, where it joins U.S. 27. The road is a windy, curvy road which has many houses along its path.
Route description.
From Wilder, it follows the Licking River for a short while before the river turns north to meet the Ohio River. After that it turns south to head towards Alexandria. The road continues to twist and turn past the city of Cold Spring and through Alexandria. KY 10's west end is at a junction with 915. At this junction, 915 turns right at a 90 degree angle and continues, only to turn back to its original direction soon after. After a four-way junction with KY 536, it continues, roughly paralleling U.S. 27. The road ends at Campbell County High School, where it turns left and meets U.S. 27. Continuing straight, a road commonly referred to as KY 915 continues a short while before also meeting U.S. 27.
History.
KY 915 was the original route of KY 9, but the AA Highway was cosigned with KY 9 to prevent a numbering quagmire.

</doc>
<doc id="20574589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574589" title="The Ready and Easy Way to Establish a Free Commonwealth">
The Ready and Easy Way to Establish a Free Commonwealth

The Ready and Easy Way to Establish a Free Commonwealth was published by John Milton at the end of February 1660. In the tract, Milton warns against the dangers inherent in a monarchical form of government. A second edition, published March 1660, steps up the prophetic rhetoric against a monarchy.
Background.
The 1650s took their toll on Milton, and he was already in a declining state, beginning with his wife dying during the birth of their third daughter and their son dying later in that year. As the years progressed, his blindness overtook him and he was alone. Matters were further complicated for Milton by the death of Cromwell in 1658 and the end of the English Commonwealth. The work was a final plea to try to stop the restoration of a monarchy while Milton promoted the establishment of a Republic. However, this resulted only in his being ignored and mocked.
Milton began writing a pamphlet during early February 1660 while the Rump Parliament was in session with the support of General George Monck. It seemed certain that Monck would put forth a republican form of government that Milton supported but various complications divided Monck from the Parliament during this time. On 21 February, Monck forced Parliament to readmit members that were purged in December 1648 and it seemed certain that the Commonwealth would stay in power. The tract was written to persuade those who still thought that a monarchy would serve as a better form of government than the one Monck was setting into motion.
This was not to happen, and when Milton published his pamphlet "The Readie and Easie Way" in late February, it was only one month before the Restoration would reestablish a monarchy. By March 1660, Parliament enacted various laws which forced pledges to the defence of the king and all connections with the Commonwealth were dissolved. This was compounded by laws that allowed royalists who may have supported the Parliament during the Civil War to be granted the right to vote shortly before the Long Parliament was dissolved. Monck did not allow the republicans under his command to stand in the way of an establishment of a monarchy, and he eventually allowed the king to return. This prompted Milton to publish a second edition of "The Readie and Easie Way" at the beginning of April 1660
Tract.
Milton begins his work with a message of hope and admits that he is "not a little rejoicing to hear declar'd, the resolutions of all those who are now in power, jointly tending to the establishment of a free Commonwealth".
Early in the tract, Milton believed that the premise of his work would be accepted by his fellows:
"I doubt not but all ingenuous and knowing men will easily agree with me, that a free Commonwealth without single person or house of lords, is by far the best government". He continues by attacking "the fond conceit of somthing like a duke of "Venice", put lately into many mens heads, by som one or other suttly driving on under that prettie notion his own ambitious ends to a crown" and declares that "our liberty shall not be hamperd or hoverd over by any ingag'ment to such a potent family as the house of "Nassaw", of whom to stand in perpetual doubt and suspicion, but we shall live the cleerest and absolutest free nation in the world".
Milton puts forth his Republican ideas throughout the piece, but he occasionally allows other forms of government to slip into consideration. At one moment, he talks about a monarchy that may satisfy the needs of the people, but he is quick to dismiss such a monarchy as being what England needs:
I denie not but that ther may be such a king, who may regard the common good before his own, may have no vitious favourite, may hearken only to the wisest and incorruptest of his Parlament: but this rarely happ'ns in a monarchie not elective; and it behoves not a wise nation to committ the summ of thir well-being, the whole of thir safetie to fortune. And admit, that monarchy of it self may be convenient to some nations, yet to us who have thrown it out, received back again, it cannot be prove pernicious.
With the monarchy about to be restored, Milton predicted that 
if we return to kingship, and soon repent, (as undoubtedly we shall, when we begin to find the old encroachments coming on by little and little upon our consciences, which must necessarily proceed from king and bishop united inseparably in one interest,) we may be forced perhaps to fight over again all that we have fought, and spend over again all that we have spent
In particular, Milton feared that a future King "must be ador'd like a Demigod, with a dissolute and haughtie court about him, of vast expence and luxurie, masks and revels" and fill the court with debauchery.
Near the end of the work, Milton describes how no one would bother to listen to what he said: 
What I have spoken, is the language of that which is not called amiss “The good old Cause:” if it seem strange to any, it will not seem more strange, I hope, than convincing to backsliders. Thus much I should perhaps have said, though I were sure I should have spoken only to trees and stones; and had none to cry to, but with the Prophet, "O earth, earth, earth!" to tell the very soil it self, what her perverse inhabitants are deaf to
Second edition.
The second edition of "The Readie and Easie Way" was transformed with the knowledge that Monck would not stop the Restoration. An epigram, taken from Juvenal, connects Monck to Sulla and Sulla's dictatorship leading to the rise of Caesar: "et nos consilium dedimus Syllae, demus populo nunc" (we have advised Sulla, now let us advise the people).
The tract responds to various attacks on the first edition, including those who believe that there will be less liberty under a republican government that may ignore the will of a people. Milton believes that the even if the majority want a monarchy, they are attacking their own liberty and that the minority must try to preserve the freedom of everyone:
More just it is doubtless, if it com to force, that a less number compel a greater to retain, which can be no wrong to them, thir libertie, then that a greater number for the pleasure of their baseness, compel a less most injuriously to be thir fellow slaves. They who seek nothing but thir own just libertie, have always right to win it and to keep it, whenever they have power, be the voices never so numerous that oppose it.
Themes.
Milton's view of monarchy and the decadence of monarchy is a theme later emphasised in "Paradise Lost". Within this epic, Satan is directly linked to monarchical rule, whereas the pre-fallen Adam is able to act without the pomp of the court. Instead, Milton promotes a republican form of government and believes that it is impossible for a government run by an individual to ever work even if the individual was completely virtuous. He also believed that a true republican would not accept a monarchical form of government.
The tone of the piece is to ensure that the citizenry would not backslide into their old monarchical ways. In particularly, Milton relied on predictions of the future combined with biblical analogies to ensure that people knew the dangers inherent in such a governmental system. In particular, Milton argued that it would be a sin against God to bring back the monarchy and warned against the lack of freedom and virtue that would correspond with a king. The second edition emphasises the prophetic qualities of the work.

</doc>
<doc id="20574632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574632" title="University of Florida International Center">
University of Florida International Center

The University of Florida International Center (UFIC) is the University of Florida's research and educational center for international affairs and cultural studies.
The UFIC was created in 1991, with the mission of enhancing the educational experience and environment of UF's students, faculty and staff by promoting a global perspective. The center is currently headed by the Dean David J. Sammons.

</doc>
<doc id="20574634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574634" title="Joan Lovett">
Joan Lovett

Joan M. Lovelace (born November 13, 1960), known professionally as Joan Lovett, is a former American television news anchor.
Early life and education.
A native of St. Louis, Missouri and Rockford, Illinois, Lovett earned a bachelor's degree in Radio/TV News and Print Journalism from Southern Illinois University in 1983. She received a Master's of Fine Arts in writing from Lindenwood University.
Professional Career.
Shortly after graduating from SIU-C, Joan began her career in Broadcast Journalism at WICD-TV in Champaign, Illinois; from Champaign, she moved on to WTLV-TV in Jacksonville, Florida. By the late 1980s and early 1990s, she developed a national reputation when she became a top weekday news anchor at WSVN-TV in Miami, Florida.
In November 1992, Lovett was hired by WBBM-TV as a weekend anchor, although she did not begin work at the station until spring 1993. By the time Lovett arrived in the spring of 1993, however, she was used not as a weekend anchor but as a fill-in anchor. In mid-1993, she and fellow anchor Penny Daniels began anchoring the station's new noon newscast. Later that year, she began co-anchoring the station's 6 p.m. newscast with Bill Kurtis. She moved from that newscast in late 1994 to make way for the station's hiring of Mary Ann Childers and in 1996, Lovett began co-anchoring WBBM's new 6 a.m. newscast with Dave Price, who now co-hosts CBS's "The Early Show." 
During this time, Lovett was the winner of four Television Emmy Awards as well as nominated for a Peabody Award for her coverage of Hurricane Andrew. 
In late 1998, Lovett obtained an early release from her contract with WBBM. In early 1999, Lovett and her husband, Jeff Abrams, moved to the Baltimore area, where he took a behind-the-scenes news operations job at WBAL-TV.
"Though WBBM TV had long been plagued by poor ratings before I arrived, I enjoyed my exciting, if turbulent time there. I worked with some of the best in the business."
Hitting rock bottom and a tragic loss.
Lovett suffered from alcoholism in the late 1990s and early 2000s, a condition that was exacerbated, she told CBS News in 2004, by her lack of work. After a series of drunk-driving arrests, Lovett was jailed in the Baltimore area in August 2002. While she was in prison, Lovett's husband, Jeff Abrams, died of an apparent heart attack while jogging on October 10, 2002 at age 46. Lovett's request to attend her husband's funeral was denied. Lovett was released from jail in April 2003 and told CBS News in 2004 that she had completed substance-abuse counseling. Joan has been sober since 2004. She has not returned to work in broadcasting. She is now focusing on a career in writing.
Immediate Family.
Jeff is survived by his wife Joan and their two children Samantha and Jonathan.

</doc>
<doc id="20574642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574642" title="Kilkenny College">
Kilkenny College

Kilkenny College or KCK is a co-educational secondary school located in Kilkenny, in the South-East of Ireland. It is a private school which caters for both boarders and day students. It is the largest co-educational boarding school in Ireland. The school's students are mainly Protestant (Church of Ireland), although it is open to other denominations.
The College motto "Comme je trouve", which means "As I find" in French, comes from the family coat of arms of the Butlers, an aristocratic family in the area and former patrons of the school. It is intended to encourage grit, striving through adversity and taking life's challenges head on.
It was founded in 1538 to replace the School of the Vicars Choral, which had been founded in 1234. Piers Butler the Earl of Ormond located it in the city centre. It was moved to its current location on the outskirts of Kilkenny in 1985.
History.
Kilkenny College provides schooling mainly for the Protestants of the community but is also open to other denominations. It caters for both a boarders and day-pupil. Founded in 1538 by Piers Butler, VIII Earl of Ormond and his wife, Margaret, Kilkenny Grammar School as was then called was located to the west of the Cathedral and sited beside the library of St Canice's Cathedral. The 1538 school replaced the older School of the Vicars Choral, which was founded in 1234. It was closed for a period in the 1650s (because of the English civil war that spilled over into Ireland), reopening as Kilkenny College in 1667 under the auspices of James Ormonde, first Duke of Ormonde, following the Butler tradition of promoting education in the city. It soon became a famous school and so, in the 1780s, a new College was built on the same site overlooking the river Nore on John St. In 1985 the college was relocated to the site at Celbridge House on the outskirts of the city, while the old school with its Georgian buildings and elegant facade, now houses the offices of the County Council within Kilkenny city centre.
At one time the College was termed a university and boasted a complement of three professors. In contrast at the end of the 19th Century, the College was reduced to one pupil.
The amalgamation with the nearby Pococke school was its saving. Twenty-nine headmasters of Kilkenny College are recorded. In the 20th Century there were four long-serving men: C.G. Shankey 1917 - 1952; Gilbert Colton 1953-1979; Samuel McClure 1979-1996; Robert John Black 1996-2005.
During Gilbert Colton's time the school was amalgamated with the Collegiate School, Celbridge in 1973 and Kilkenny College became co-educational. During Sam McClure's stewardship, the College moved to its new campus in 1985, relocating to the 63 acre (254,952m²) site at Celbridge House on the outskirts of the city. Under Canon Black and Philip Gray, more buildings were constructed.
Coat of arms.
The school's coat of arms is inherited from the Butler family. The escutcheon (shield) and crest in use today are almost identical to those formally described in Burke's Peerage. Butler's heraldric supporters (termed dexter and sinister) do not appear on the school's coat of arms. The Butler family motto ("Comme Je Trouve"), originally appearing on the crest, now appears below the school's shield.
The most widely used version of the school's coat of arms (the official one) has evolved with some changes. The silver quadrants of the escutcheon and the falcon itself have became white, the third quadrant's lion has emerged passant (walking past) while the fourth quadrant has lost its ermine (tail spots on fur). It's not clear if these small changes are attributable to artistic interpretation, simplified draughtsmanship (in the case of ermine) or possibly error (the lion). The modern coat of arms is supported by the letters "K" and "C" at the sides, and 1538, the year the college was founded at the bottom.
Today.
The current campus on the outskirts of the city comprises a complex of classrooms, dormitories, catering and dining facilities, it is set on a landscaped site framed by mature trees. Today Kilkenny College attempts to serve a dual purpose role as the largest co-educational boarding school in Ireland and as the local school for a large number of day pupils from the city and surrounding area.
It is one of 5 Irish Schools in the country taking part in a pilot project on self-assessment and interchange in conjunction with 100 other European schools. The ethos of the school is one of a family community and a big emphasis is placed on team sport in particular rugby and hockey.
The principal is Mr Ian Coombes.
Notable past pupils.
In its almost 500-year history, Kilkenny College has produced a long list of notable past pupils. A selection of some of the better known, in alphabetical order, includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20574653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574653" title="Simon Dalrymple">
Simon Dalrymple

Simon Hedley Dalrymple (born 6 June 1983) is a former English cricketer.
Born in Worcester, he made two first-class appearances for Oxford University Cricket Club in 2004 and 2006, both against Cambridge University. A middle-order batsman, he scored 40 runs in total, with a highest of 15 not out.
He is the younger brother of former Glamorgan captain Jamie Dalrymple.

</doc>
<doc id="20574670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574670" title="Trine (video game)">
Trine (video game)

Trine is a side-scrolling action platform and puzzle video game, developed by Frozenbyte, originally released in 2009, and is now available for Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and PlayStation Network. The game takes place in a medieval fantasy setting and allows players to take control of three separate characters who can battle enemies and solve environmental puzzles.
On December 7, 2011, Frozenbyte released a sequel titled "Trine 2".
Gameplay.
The player controls and switches between three different characters (a thief, a knight, and a wizard) to try to complete levels. There is also a cooperative play feature, whereby multiple players can join in at any time to control different characters simultaneously. Each character has their own health and energy meter. Energy is used for certain weapons and abilities, and is replenished by blue-colored bottles found throughout levels. Health is replenished by collecting heart-shaped containers, which result from destroying certain enemies.
The player also has a single experience rating that is shared among all characters, and is incremented by acquiring green-colored bottles found throughout levels. Every 50 experience points, each character is given one point towards the purchase of upgrades to their abilities. Treasure chests are also spread throughout levels, each containing a charm that offers the bearing character new or upgraded abilities. The player can transfer these objects between characters, though some will only have an effect on certain characters.
Checkpoints are spread throughout levels, in the form of silver orbs on pedestals. Upon crossing a checkpoint, any deceased characters are brought back to life, and any characters below a certain amount of health and energy are replenished up to that amount. The amount of energy and health replenished is dependent upon the difficulty setting chosen by the player. When a character dies, the player must choose another living character to continue playing the level. If all three characters die, the player is sent back to the last checkpoint crossed, and all three characters are resurrected.
Enemies primarily include walking skeletons, spiders, and bats, along with boss characters, like giant skeletons and other large creatures. Some skeletons are armed with swords, others with bows and arrows, some spit fire, and some have shields. Skeletons are capable of scaling walls. Other dangers include lava, fireballs, giant sharp pendulums, and various other booby traps.
"Trine" uses Nvidia's PhysX physics engine to provide objects and characters with full physics interaction.
Plot.
Setting.
"Trine" takes place in a forsaken and ruined kingdom. After enjoying a period of great peace, the king died without leaving an heir, plunging the kingdom into political instability. Taking advantage of the chaos, an undead army suddenly appeared and attacked, forcing the inhabitants to abandon the realm, save for those few souls brave enough to face the perils that had now befallen it.
Characters.
The game's story is primarily told by an all knowing narrator voiced by Terry Wilton. Speaking after the fact, he fills in plot details in between the levels, as well as introducing and concluding the game.
Zoya the Thief, the first of the three heroes introduced in the game, is voiced by Vicky Krueger. The thief's weapon is her bow and arrow. The bow can be “charged” by holding down the fire button before releasing, and longer charges make for farther, straighter shots. The thief also has a grappling hook which can be fired at wooden surfaces. Regular arrows and the grappling hook are unlimited, and do not diminish the thief's energy. At some point during the game, the thief can acquire the ability to shoot flaming arrows, which do diminish her energy. Flaming arrows inflict more damage on enemies, can break certain objects, and can light torches found in certain dark areas of the game.The thief's possible upgrades include shooting more arrows with each shot, faster charging of the bow, and more damage inflicted with the flaming arrow. She is the quietest of the three heroes, and takes a strong liking to the magical forest ruins presented towards the end of the game.
Amadeus the Wizard, voiced by Kevin Howarth, has the ability to use sorcery to move objects remotely, as well as conjure new objects into existence. Initially, the wizard is only able to conjure a cube-shaped object. At some point in the game, he acquires the ability to conjure an oblong platform (called a “plank” in the game). The box and plank behave as normal objects, obeying the laws of physics and gravity. The wizard later acquires the ability to conjure a floating object shaped like a square pyramid (called a floating platform in the game), which remains at a fixed point in space unless the wizard moves it.
Conjured objects are primarily used to help overcome obstacles and reach difficult areas. The plank, for example, can be used to bridge gaps. All conjuring and remote moving drains the wizard's energy. The wizard has no traditional attacks, however he can crush certain enemies by hurling objects into them. He can also block attacks by conjuring or moving objects in their path. The wizard's possible upgrades include the ability to conjure more than one box or plank into simultaneous existence (whereas initially only one of each could be on the screen at once), changing future conjured floating platforms into wood (so that the thief can attach her grappling hook to it), and making the floating platform into an explosive that the knight or thief can trigger. In the game, he is shown as being wise but also foolish, cowardly but determined, and imagines himself to be a bit of a ladies man.
Pontius the Knight's initial weapons are his sword and shield. He is voiced in the game by Brian Bowles, and is presented as a brave and loyal companion despite the fact he is not that bright, and has a strong love for food and drink. The player can at some point acquire a flaming sword during the game, which the knight can use to inflict more damage as well as use to light torches; the player can also pick up a sledgehammer for Pontius. The knight also has the ability to lift certain objects and hurl them, and his shield can be used to deflect enemy attacks, as well as falling objects and projectiles. The knight's possible upgrades include additional sword damage, charging attacks, and additional sledgehammer attacks.
Story.
After some time, the Astral Academy, an institution of magical studies, is evacuated due to the undead menace; Zoya the thief sees this as an opportunity to search the academy for treasure. Unknown to her, Amadeus the wizard is just waking up after sleeping for a fortnight due to a backfired potion he prepared while trying to learn the fireball spell; he realizes he must escape immediately. Finally, Pontius the knight had also arrived, convinced that it was his duty to protect the academy. The three meet at the shrine of ancient treasure and, touching a magical object at the same time, disappear. The wizard recalls that the treasure is actually an artifact called the Trine, which has the power to bind souls. This results in only one of them being able to physically exist, with the other two being forced to remain inside the Trine. Amadeus also remembers that the Trine was connected to the legend of a guardian, whose tomb could be found under the Astral Academy.
Searching for a way to free themselves of the Trine's effect, the three heroes explore the catacombs under the academy, finding the guardian's tomb. The wizard deciphers some of the inscriptions inscribed on it and discovers that there were once three artifacts: one for the soul, one for the mind and one for the body, each protected by a guardian. The guardians used the three objects to maintain peace throughout the kingdom. Amadeus believes that reuniting the three artifacts might undo the spell binding their souls. The inscriptions also suggest that the artifact of the mind was guarded in the castle of the old king. The trio searches the castle; while they do not find the artifact, they learn from the king's journal that the three relics were originally created in some ruins immersed in a large forest, the home of the three guardians.
In the ruins, one of the guardians give the heroes visions of the past. These ruins were the resting place of the artifact of body, but an earthquake left its shrine vulnerable and it was stolen. It was then somehow paired with the artifact of the mind. Without the Trine, the artifact of souls, the other two became tainted and gave birth to an evil tower and the undead, creatures with a physical body and capable of thought, but devoid of purpose and righteousness. The trio ascends the tower, avoiding the obstacles created by the tormented soul of the old king and combines the Trine with the two lost artifacts, unbinding their souls. The undead are cleansed through the kingdom, allowing it to eventually recover, with the wizard, the thief and the knight proclaimed as its heroes. The game ends with the narrator describing what happens to the three heroes; Pontius gives in to his true passion and becomes the new king's royal ale provider, Zoya is given reign over the forest ruins, and Amadeus gets married to a lady called Margaret, who gives birth to triplets that ironically master the fireball as infants.
Development.
"Trine" was originally started as a side-project by Jukka Kokkonen, Frozenbyte's senior programmer, while the rest of the team was working on another project. The other project ran into publisher and funding problems however, and the team decided to focus their efforts instead on developing "Trine".
Release.
The game was first released for Windows on July 3, 2009. The PlayStation Network version was to be released in July 2009, but last-minute bugs discovered in testing caused a delay. It was released on September 17, 2009 in Europe and on October 22, 2009 in North America.
A port of the game to Mac OS X was released on November 2, 2010, and the game was later ported to Linux by Alternative Games, with the finished port being first released as part of the Humble Frozenbyte Bundle.
A version for Xbox Live Arcade was being developed by Atlus, but “most likely won't happen” according to Frozenbyte.
Reception.
"Trine" has received generally favorable reviews, with a Metacritic score of 80% and 83% for the PC and PlayStation 3 version, respectively. "Trine" won GameSpot's Editor's Choice award at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2009.
"PC Format" magazine praised the game's “stunning attention to detail throughout”, and added that its “beautifully fluid game mechanics are impossible not to appreciate.” IT Reviews gave the game a Recommended award, and concluded: “Trine is an aesthetically pleasing and well executed puzzle platformer, with a distinct addictive streak when it comes to fully exploring the levels in order to upgrade your characters to their maximum power. When you're done with single player, the multiplayer mode adds extra life to the game, as the experience is genuinely different.” IGN was more reserved, saying that “a lack of enemy variety, disappointing conclusion, and the wonky multiplayer keep Trine from greatness, but this is still a highly recommended puzzle platformer.” The Australian video game talk show "Good Game"s reviewers both gave "Trine" 7.5/10.
In February 2011 Frozenbyte told the Finnish financial newspaper "Kauppalehti", that "Trine" has sold approximately 400,000 copies across all platforms. Later that year on December 8, 2011, shortly before the release of the sequel, they stated that sales of the game had by then grown to 1.1 million copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20574684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574684" title="Markus Kissler-Patig">
Markus Kissler-Patig

Markus Kissler-Patig is a German astronomer, previously based at the European Southern Observatory in Garching, Germany. In August 2012, he took over as the new director of the Gemini Observatory.
He specializes in the study of star clusters and galaxies. 
In 1999, he was winner of the Ludwig Biermann Award of the German Astronomical Society in recognition of his work on extragalactic globular cluster systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20574687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574687" title="Cossack uprisings">
Cossack uprisings

The Cossack uprisings (also rebellions, revolts) were a series of military conflicts between the cossacks and the states claiming dominion over the territories the Cossacks lived in, namely the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and Russian Empire during the 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries. Both states tried to exert control over the independent-minded Cossacks. While the early uprisings were against the Commonwealth, as the Russian Empire gained increasing and then total control over the Ruthenian (Ukrainian) lands where the Cossacks lived, the target of Cossacks uprisings changed as well.
The origins of the first Cossacks are disputed. Traditional historiography dates the emergence of Cossacks to the 14th to 15th centuries. Towards the end of the 15th century, the Ukrainian Cossacks formed the Zaporozhian Sich centered on the fortified Dnipro islands. Initially a vassal of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, the increasing social and religious pressure from the Commonwealth caused a series of uprisings, and the proclamation of an independent Cossack Hetmanate, culminating in a rebellion under Bohdan Khmelnytsky in the mid-17th century. While the Cossacks were useful to the Polish-Lithuanian states in the war periods, they proved to be more problematic in the peacetime, due to their raids on the Commonwealth neighbours (primarily, the Ottoman Empire and its allies). Further, the Polish nobility tried to assert control over the Cossack territories, turn them into feudal latifundia, limit the growth of the militant Cossacks, and even reverse it, by turning the Cossacks into serfs. Afterward the Khmelnytsky Uprising, the Treaty of Pereyaslav brought most of the Cossack Hetmanate under Russian control.
The Zaporozhian Cossacks were not the only notable group of Cossacks; others included the Don Cossack Host, Dlobodsk Cossacks, Terek Cossacks and Yaik Cossacks. As the Tsardom of Muscovy took over the disputed Cossacks lands from the Poland-Lithuania, eventually all Cossacks came under the Russian rule, but the Tsarist and later Imperial government had only a limited control over the Cossacks. The Cossacks provided refugee for runaway serfs and bandits, and often mounted unauthorized raids and pirate expeditions against the Ottoman Empire. While the Cossack hosts in the Russian Empire served as buffer zones on its borders, the expansionist ambitions of the empire relied on ensuring control over the Cossacks, which caused tension with their traditional independent lifestyle. As the empire attempted to limit Cossacks autonomy in the 17th and 18th centuries this resulted in rebellions led by Stenka Razin, Kondraty Bulavin and Yemelyan Pugachev. In extreme cases, whole Hosts could be dissolved, as was the fate of the Zaporozhian Sich in 1775. In this last phase of their history, the Cossacks lost most of their autonomy to the Russian state.
Cossack uprisings, like the Cossack people themselves, have been portrayed variously in the Polish, Russian and Ukrainian historiographers.

</doc>
<doc id="20574703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574703" title="Campbell County High School (Alexandria, Kentucky)">
Campbell County High School (Alexandria, Kentucky)

Campbell County High School is a public high school located outside of Alexandria, Kentucky. It is the only high school in the Campbell County School District and the nickname is the "Fighting Camels." It feeds from Campbell County Middle School and the district's five elementary schools: Crossroads Elementary, Campbell Ridge Elementary, Reiley Elementary, Cline Elementary, and Grant's Lick Elementary. The school has several sports programs, including baseball, basketball, and football.
CCHS also has wrestling and track & field teams, producing numerous state finishers in their history. Including back to back state champion wrestling teams in 1990 -91 and a top 25 national ranking in 1991. In 2010 the girls track program won their first team state championship.
CCHS and Brossart (BBHS) are known for the rivalry both on the field/court and off the court as well against each other.
Campbell County High School Academic Team.
Campbell County High School also has an academic team. An academic Team is similar to Jeopardy format and style in competition.
Donn Manker is the current head coach of the team and is assisted by Doctor Linda Weber, Linda Mauser, and Christopher Manker, a former member of the Academic Team. This team has been to several competitions in various places, including Vanderbilt University, at which they competed in NAQT format. Also they have been to state competition in both 2009, 2010 and 2011. In order to get to state, they competed at both the district and regional levels. District Play is between schools in a small area. Regional competition is a competition between the winners of several districts.
Future Problem Solving.
In Future Problem Solving, or FPS, students are given a futuristic scenario, in which a short story in which many possible problems of the future are presented through character(s) and plot, and then the students come up with solutions to the problems. FPS is part of the Governor's Cup competition.
The Future Problem Solving team, led by Linda Weber, placed 4th among the FPS teams of the State of Kentucky at the 2010 Governor's Cup. Their record is available here. Their high placement made them eligible for competing at the International Level. Also, in the 2011 state competition the FPS team placed 9th in the state.
Campbell County High School Football.
The Campbell County High School football team is one of the most recognized programs in both the regional and state levels. The Camels also won a district title in 2011.
Campbell County High School Drama.
Campbell County High School also has one of the most recognized theater programs in the state of Kentucky, with multiple Cappies awards over the past several years. These drama productions are often under the direction of Mr. J. Bertucci. These productions are performed by the students under Mr. Bertucci's watch. Their production history includes American classics, Shakespearean comedy, British comedy, comedy of manners, modern drama, audience-interactive mystery, and a variety of classic and current Broadway musicals.
CCHS student life.
At Campbell County High School, the Freshmen are in a separate part of the building. This part of the building, the "Freshman Academy" has most of the core content classes for the freshmen. Their electives are still outside of the freshman academy. All other grades are not mainly confined to one part of the building. Some students may go to Charles E. McCormick Technical School for job training.

</doc>
<doc id="20574731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574731" title="Aryeh Gamliel">
Aryeh Gamliel

Aryeh Gamliel (, born 11 March 1951) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shas between 1988 and 2003.
Biography.
Born in Beersheba, Gamliel was educated at a religious high school and a Talmudic College, before working as head of a Talmudic College.
He was first elected to the Knesset on Shas' list in 1988. After being re-elected in 1992, he was appointed Deputy Minister of Housing and Construction in Yitzhak Rabin's government, but resigned on 9 September 1993.
After retaining his seat again in the 1996 elections he was appointed Deputy Minister of Religious Affairs, a position which he served in (aside from two brief breaks in August 1997 and January/February 1998) until the 1999 elections. He retained his seat again in the elections (in which he was placed second on the list after Aryeh Deri), but lost it in the 2003 elections.
Personal life.
Aryeh Gamliel is a relative of Gila Gamliel, Knesset member for Likud.

</doc>
<doc id="20574734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574734" title="Binyomin Luban">
Binyomin Luban

Rabbi Binyomin Luban is the Rosh Yeshiva of Yeshiva Toras Chaim in North Miami Beach, Florida
Life and Education.
Rabbi Luban was born and raised in Queens, New York. His brother is Rabbi Yaakov Luban, the rabbinic coordinator of the Orthodox Union's Kashruth division. He attended the flagship high school of the Rabbinical Seminary of America (RSA) in Queens during the early 1970s. After completing high school he studied for a year at the Seminary's affiliate in the Sanhedria Murchevet section of Jerusalem, Israel. While there he learned with Rabbi Avrohom Kenarek and Rabbi Shia Grodzitski, both students of the saintly Rabbi Boruch Ber Leibowitz, the dean of the pre-World War Two rabbinical seminary which was known as Kaminetz. Rabbi Luban then returned to America where he studied for over 15 years at RSA under the tutelage of Rabbi Henoch Leibowitz one of the greatest sages of his generation. He received his rabbinic ordination in the early 1980s.
Career.
In 1988 Rabbi Luban moved with his family to Jerusalem, Israel where he took a position as a teacher at Yeshiva Chofetz Chaim-Israel Branch. This was a particularly auspicious event for Rabbi Luban as he was now serving on the staff of his former school. He worked in conjunction with both Rabbi Kenarek and Rabbi Dovid Chait inspiring his students to grow to great heights in both Torah and Mussar.. While there he developed the concept of a Mussar Vaad- a novel approach to help students deal with life's challenges. In the fall of 2000 Rabbi Luban was offered a position as Rosh Yeshiva of RSA's affiliate in North Miami Beach. After asking and getting a blessing of success from his beloved Rebbe, Rabbi Leibowitz, he picked up his family and moved to Florida to assume the position. Under his auspices, the student body at the Bais Medrash level more than tripled. The Bais Medrash now continues to grow year by year.
Rabbi Luban began publishing his original Talmud ideas while a student at RSA. Since them, he has published works on at eight tractates of the Talmud. Some have been published in several editions, as he is continuously expanding and revising those works. The name of his Sefer (book) is called Biurim Veiyunim. He has also published Rabbi Leibowitz's sermons on the Pentateuch.The name of the Sefer is called the Chiddushei Haleiv. The recently published volume on Deuteronomy also contains a section with sermons on Lamentations and the Tisha B'Av (the Jewish day of mourning) prayer service.
Philosophy.
In many areas Rabbi Luban transmits to his students precisely the ideas that he received from his Primary Rebbe Rabbi Leibowitz. Iyun the in-depth study of Talmud is one such concept that Rabbi Luban preaches to his students

</doc>
<doc id="20574762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574762" title="University of Foreign Languages, Mandalay">
University of Foreign Languages, Mandalay

The University of Foreign Languages, Mandalay ( ), located in Mandalay, is one of two specialized universities for the study of foreign languages in Myanmar. The university offers full-time three-year bachelor's degree programs, and part-time diploma programs in the study of several Asian and European languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20574763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574763" title="Somewhere in My Heart">
Somewhere in My Heart

"Somewhere in My Heart" is the twelfth single and biggest hit by the Scottish band Aztec Camera. It was released as the third single from their 1987 studio album "Love". The song was produced by Michael Jonzun and written by Roddy Frame.
Chart performance.
The song reached number three in the UK Singles Chart. It also reached number 34 in the Australian Singles Chart.
Critical reaction.
In their album review of "Love", In The 80s mentioned that, "It is anchored by the song Somewhere In My Heart, which, of course, is the ultimate pop song", while Allmusic stated that "Love" "belatedly took off after its second single, Somewhere In My Heart".

</doc>
<doc id="20574769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574769" title="Kyuquot, British Columbia">
Kyuquot, British Columbia

Kyuquot (pronounced "ky YOO cut") is an unincorporated settlement and First Nations Indian reserve community located on Kyuquot Sound on northwestern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. Meaning people of Kayukw in the Nuu-chah-nulth language, it is partly the community of the Kyuquot and Cheklesahht peoples, whose band government is the Kyuquot/Cheklesahht First Nation. The site of Kayukw, the original village of the Kyuquot people, is nearby in the form of Kayouk Indian Reserve No. 8, adjacent to which are Kayouk Bluff and Kayouk Creek. The original village site of the Cheklesahht people is the Checkaklis Island Indian Reserve 9 on the island of the same name in the Bunsby Islands in Checleset Bay, which is named for the people, whose name means "people of Checkaklis".

</doc>
<doc id="20574773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574773" title="Peter Russell (cricketer)">
Peter Russell (cricketer)

Edwin Peter Russell (commonly known as Peter Russell; born August 12, 1939) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Wiltshire. He was born in Salisbury.
Having appeared in a small number of Minor Counties Championship matches between 1959 and 1960, Russell made his sole List A appearance for the team during the Gillette Cup competition of 1964 against Hampshire, scoring eight runs.
Russell's best recorded Minor Counties Championship score of 40 came in his final game, against Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20574785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574785" title="Scott Pace">
Scott Pace

Scott Norman Pace (b. 1959), is the current Director of the Space Policy Institute at the Elliott School of International Affairs at George Washington University. He is also a Professor of the Practice of International Affairs there.
Biography.
Scott Norman Pace was born on January 23rd 1959 in Burbank, Los Angeles, California, USA, the only child of Ord Boorem Pace and Nobie Kamei. In 1975 while in high school he attended a program for advanced science students, the Summer Science Program. In 1980 Scott Pace received a Bachelor of Science in Physics from Harvey Mudd College and went on to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he got Masters degrees in Aeronautics and Astronautics and Technology and Policy in 1982. On the 10th of January 1987 he married Dana Johnson. He finished his Doctorate in Policy Analysis from the RAND Graduate School in 1989, with a dissertation on "U.S. Access to Space: Launch Vehicle Choices for 1990-2010." He received a Master of Science in Aeronautical Engineering from MIT in 1982. His B.S. in Physics was received at Harvey Mudd College in 1980.
Career.
Scott Pace worked for the RAND Corporation's Science and Technology Policy Institute from 1993 to 2001. He played a role in adding and preserving radio navigation satellite spectrum at the 1997 and 2000 World Radiocommunication Conferences. He also was a member of Department of Defense Senior Review Group on Commercial Remote Sensing and the National Research Council's Committee on Earth Sciences. He was also a member of the U.S. Delegation to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Telecommunications Working Group, 1997-2000.
From 2001 to 2002 he was the Assistant Director for Space and Aeronautics in the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy during the presidency of George W. Bush. There he was responsible for space and aviation-related issues and coordination of civil and commercial space issues through the Space Policy Coordinating Committee of the National Security Council.
From 2002-2008, he worked at NASA, becoming the Associate Administrator for Program Analysis and Evaluation in 2005. In this capacity, he was responsible for providing objective studies and analyses in support of policy, program and budget decisions by the NASA Administrator. At NASA, he participated in negotiations that resulted in the 2004 GPS-Galileo Agreement between the United States and the European Commission.
Pace has also worked at the US Department of Commerce. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Universities Space Research Association, a Corresponding Member of the International Academy of Astronautics, and a member of the Board of Governors of the National Space Society.
September 2008 Scott Pace became a professor of the practice of international affairs at George Washington University. He was also named the director of the Space Policy Institute at that university's Elliott School of International Affairs. The Institute's activities are centered on policy issues concerning the United States' space program and its relationships to the programs of other countries. The Institute facilitates cooperation between researchers, analysts, and students related to future efforts in space. He also serves on the Board of Trustees of the Summer Science Program.
Politics.
Pace was the chair of 2012 Republican Presidential candidate Mitt Romney's Space Policy Advisory Group. Pace wrote that Romney is the only 2012 presidential candidate with "the leadership, management skill, and commitment to American exceptionalism" to restore "the U.S. space program to greatness." Pace has stated that the 2020 date Newt Gingrich suggested for a lunar base was feasible when it was proposed in 2005, but it is no longer. Pace said a return to the moon is doable, but it is hard to figure out when NASA could achieve this.
It is not clear that NASA will ever send another manned rocket into space, according to Pace. "It may be one where NASA simply buys commercial launch services, or it may be that NASA decides that it really does need to have a government-owned and operated vehicle. You know, the existence of commercial airline services does not mean we don't have military cargo transports. We have both. And we use each as appropriate."
He was appointed as a NASA administrator by George W. Bush and supported Bush's plan to return to the moon. He has been diappointed that President Barack Obama has cancelled those plans. Pace has stated, "Space leadership is highly symbolic of national capabilities and international influence, and a decline in space leadership will be seen as symbolic of a relative decline in U.S. power and influence."
Awards.
Scott Pace has received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="20574789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574789" title="Noncustodial parent">
Noncustodial parent

A noncustodial parent is a parent who does not have physical and/or legal custody of his/her child by court order.
A "child-custody determination" means a judgment, decree, or other order of a court providing for the legal custody, physical custody, or visitation with respect to a child. The term includes a permanent, temporary, initial, and modification order. The term does not include an order relating to child support or other monetary obligation of an individual. Where the child will only live with one of the parents, sole physical custody is ordered, and the parent with which the child lives is the custodial parent, the other parent is the non-custodial parent.
Note, however, where the child will live with both parents, joint physical custody is ordered, and both parents are custodial parents. In the case of joint physical custody a 50/50 equal shared parenting schedule is typically not required, therefore the joint custodial parent may have the minority of time with the child but not be said to be a non-custodial parent. For example, states such as Alabama, California, and Texas do not necessarily require joint custody orders to result in substantially equal parenting time, whereas states such as Arizona, Georgia, and Louisiana do require joint custody orders to result in substantially equal parenting time where feasible.
Child Custody and Visitation.
There are two kinds of child custody: legal custody and physical custody. Physical custody, designates where the child will live, whereas legal custody gives the custodial person(s) the right to make decisions for the child's welfare. Often one parent will retain physical custody, while sharing joint legal custody with the other parent. The noncustodial parent is typically required to pay child support, and visitation is arranged.
The noncustodial parent might live in the same city as their child or reside in another city, state or country. Most airlines offer “unaccompanied minor” services for children traveling without a parent, guardian, or another trusted adult. The age requirements generally used by the airlines are between the ages of five and eleven years old (and sometimes up to 15 - it is always advisable to contact the airline to make sure that they accept unaccompanied minors as passengers). Fees charged for unaccompanied minor services are usually assessed per direction and have been doubled with the downturn of the US economy.
Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
Family law differs from state to state, and noncustodial parents are a diverse population, with many factors affecting custody arrangements, from which parent is awarded custody to negotiating visitation schedules. A noncustodial may have difficulty in accessing medical records, educational status and other information regarding their child, but there is some federal legislation which supports the rights of a noncustodial parent who retains legal custody of their child.
Student education records are official and confidential documents protected by one of the nation's strongest privacy protection laws, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)[http://nces.ed.gov/pubs97/web/97859.asp]. FERPA, also known as the Buckley Amendment, defines education records as all records that schools or education agencies maintain about students. FERPA gives parents the right to review and confirm the accuracy of education records and applies to public schools and state or local education agencies that receive Federal education funds, both paper and computerized records. In addition to the Federal laws that restrict disclosure of information from student records, most states also have privacy protection laws that reinforce FERPA. State laws can supplement FERPA, but compliance with FERPA is necessary if schools are to continue to be eligible to receive Federal education funds.
FERPA gives both parents, custodial and noncustodial, equal access to student information unless the school has evidence of a court order or state law revoking these rights. When students reach the age of 18, or when they become students at postsecondary education institutions, they become "eligible students" and rights under FERPA transfer to them. However, parents retain access to student records of children who are their dependents for tax purposes.
In the case of divorce or separation, a school district must provide access to both natural parents, custodial and non-custodial, unless there is a legally binding document that specifically removes that parent's FERPA rights. 
Custody or other residential arrangements for a child do not, by themselves, affect the FERPA rights of the child's parents. One can best understand the FERPA position on parents' rights by separating the concept of custody from the concept of rights that FERPA gives parents. Custody, as a legal concept, establishes where a child will live, and often, the duties of the person(s) with whom the child lives. The FERPA, on the other hand, simply establishes the parents' right of access to and control of education record related to the child.
Generally, a school is not required to provide parents copies of records. However, if the distance is great enough to make it impractical for the parent to visit the school to review the record, the school must make copies of the record and send them to the parent when that parent requests access to the record. Additional frequently asked questions about the rights of non-custodial parents can be found here.
See also.
US specific:

</doc>
<doc id="20574808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574808" title="Consenting Adult Action Network">
Consenting Adult Action Network

The Consenting Adult Action Network (CAAN) is a grassroots network of individuals in the United Kingdom that was formed in 2008 to protest and oppose laws restricting activities between consenting adults, most notably the criminalisation of possession of "extreme pornography".
History.
On 14 June and 22 August, they attempted to seek advice on what material might be caught by the law. They took a dossier of images to three major police forces, although none of them could yet say which pictures would be deemed illegal.
On 21 October 2008, they organised a protest with Ben Westwood against the law on "extreme pornography".
They were awarded "Specialists Website of the Year" by the London Gay Sex and Fetish Awards 2008.
On 25 January 2009, the day before the law on "extreme pornography" came into effect, CAAN protested in London. They were supported by Backlash and The Spanner Trust. The protest was attended by Peter Tatchell and Ben Westwood.
March 2010, CAAN announce they are publishing a book "Beyond the Circle: Sexuality & discrimination in heteronormative Britain" written by John Ozimek.
Issues.
CAAN is concerned about several issues regarding consenting adults:

</doc>
<doc id="20574818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574818" title="Dave McDonald">
Dave McDonald

David Bruce McDonald (born May 20, 1943 in New Albany, Indiana) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. McDonald attended school at the University of Nebraska and was signed by the New York Yankees in . He played with the Yankees in and with the Montreal Expos in .

</doc>
<doc id="20574821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574821" title="Mount Smart">
Mount Smart

Mount Smart is one of the volcanoes in the Auckland Volcanic Field. Quarrying removed almost all of the scoria cone, which was 87 m high (around 57 m higher than the surrounding land). It was the site of a pā and was known as Rarotonga. The former quarry is now the site of Mount Smart Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="20574834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574834" title="Eli Cohen (politician)">
Eli Cohen (politician)

Eli Cohen, "aka" Eli-Eliyahu Cohen (, born 29 May 1949) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 2002 and 2003. He was Israel's ambassador to Japan from 2004 until 2007. Today, Cohen works in Ariel University Center of Samaria.
Biography.
Born in Jerusalem, Cohen studied mathematics and physics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, gaining a BA and his MBA degree from the University of West London. He served as a Betar emissary to North America, and was a director of the settlement department of the World Zionist Organization.
A former deputy head of the Ma'ale Adumim council, he was placed 23rd on the Likud list for the 1999 elections, but missed out on a seat as the party won only 19 seats. However, he entered the Knesset on 22 February 2002 as a replacement for Joshua Matza. He lost his seat in the 2003 elections.
Cohen is a 5th degree black belt in karate and has been the president of the Israel Shotokan karate organization. He has coached martial arts at the Wingate Institute. He has also served as ambassador of Israel in Japan from 2004 to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20574864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574864" title="People v. Salem">
People v. Salem

Detroit & Howell R Co v Salem Township Board, (20 Mich. 452) (1870) is a legal case in which the Michigan Supreme Court held that the Michigan State Constitution of 1850 prohibited the use of public money to finance a privately owned railroad.
Background.
Mid-century railroading.
Following a disastrous experiment with state-financed railroad construction in the 1830s and 1840s the people of Michigan had expressly outlawed the direct investment in or construction of "any work of internal improvement" in the state constitution of 1850. Out of that calamity had come two railroads which would dominate the Michigan landscape: the Michigan Central Railroad and the Michigan Southern Railroad (which would become the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway). A second wave of construction came in the 1850s as federally sponsored land grants encouraged the development of new routes such as the north-south Grand Rapids and Indiana Railroad and the Flint and Pere Marquette Railroad, which traversed the lumber-rich region of northern Michigan.
The third wave developed during the 1860s as communities in southern Michigan sought railroad connections. Railroads were believed to spur economic growth and offered better transportation than plank roads; additionally, those communities which already possessed railroads desired additional lines to promote competitive rates between railroad companies. Private finance, however, proved lacking: "there seemed to be little chance that southern Michigan communities hoping for a railroad could get one without some form of public subsidy."
Seeking aid, local communities petitioned the state legislature for permission to loan money to railroads. Initially, this was done on an individual basis. A typical example was the city of Saginaw, which sought and obtained permission by an act of legislature to "issue bonds and loan up to $40,000 to the Amboy, Lansing and Traverse Bay Railroad," subject to approval by local voters. By 1867 there were dozens of such requests pending before the state legislature.
Detroit and Howell Railroad.
The Detroit and Howell Railroad (D&H) was incorporated on June 17, 1864, at a meeting of Howell businessmen in New Hudson. The D&H intended to construct a line from Detroit to Howell. Part of the proposed route passed through Salem Township, which is located in Washtenaw County, north of Ann Arbor. Under an act passed in 1864, the people of Salem Township voted to provide aid to the D&H in the form of bonds. The township authority, however, refused to issue the bonds, claiming the act was unconstitutional, prompting the railroad to apply for a writ of "mandamus".
Decision.
Writing for the majority, Justice Thomas M. Cooley struck down the law on the grounds that railroads were a private enterprise and the public funding thereof violated the Michigan constitution. Cooley enunciated three principles which formed the basis of taxation:
Cooley rejected the notion that railroads were a "public highway," writing:
"They are not, when in private hands, the "people's highways"; but they are private property, whose owners make it their business to transport persons and merchandize in their own carriages, over their own land, for such pecuniary compensation as may be stipulated. These owners carry on, for their own benefit, a business which has, indeed, its public aspect, inasmuch as it accommodates a public want, and its establishment is consequently, in a certain sense, a public purpose. But it is not such a purpose in any other or different sense than would be the opening of a hotel, the establishment of a line of stages, or the putting in operation of a grist mill..."
Reflecting on the state constitution's bar on the funding of internal improvements, Cooley stated that "what the state as a political community cannot do it cannot require the inferior municipalities to do. When the case is found to stand entirely outside the domain of taxation, state burdens and township burdens are alike precluded' no township vote and no township majority however large, can affect the principle."
Impact.
The immediate impact of the decision was to throw the development of railroads in the state of Michigan into chaos and to call into question the validity of all municipal bonds already issued. The latter question would eventually be taken up by the Supreme Court of the United States, which held in "Taylor v. Ypsilanti" (1881) that bonds issued prior to the Michigan court's ruling were valid and had to be honored:
... we are of opinion that the rights of the plaintiff, as the owner of bonds issued under a statute which, when passed, was valid by the laws of Michigan, as declared and acted upon by the several departments of its government, are not affected by decisions of the Supreme Court of the State rendered after the railroad company, to whose rights the plaintiff succeeded, has earned the bonds under contract with the city made in conformity with the statute.
Far from terminating local funding of railroads, the ruling forced municipalities and railroad companies to change their approach. In lieu of direct aid, railroads sought stock subscriptions from private citizens directly. So-called "promoters" roamed the state, drumming up support for various railroad schemes, many of which never came to fruition.
In the same year as "People v. Salem", the D&H merged with the Howell and Lansing to form the Detroit, Howell and Lansing under James F. Joy. After this the D&H ceased to exist as an independent company.

</doc>
<doc id="20574879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574879" title="Ian Wilson (composer)">
Ian Wilson (composer)

Ian Wilson (born 1964 in Belfast) is a prolific, award-winning Irish composer of classical music. He also served as the music director of the Sligo New Music Festival from 2003 to 2011. 
Wilson's music has been performed at such diverse festivals as BBC Proms, Venice Biennale, ISCM World Music Days and the Ultima Festival in Oslo and by such diverse groups as the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra, the London Mozart Players, the Irish Chamber Orchestra, and Hugh Tinney. 
Wilson attended University of Ulster, becoming its first student to be awarded a Ph.D in composition. He continued there from 2000 to 2003 as a Research Fellow. 

</doc>
<doc id="20574890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574890" title="Geoffrey Dawson (cricketer)">
Geoffrey Dawson (cricketer)

Geoffrey Dawson (born 24 February 1940) was an English cricketer who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Dunstable, Bedfordshire.
Dawson's first recorded Second XI matches came during the 1958 season, and he continued to play in the Second XI until 1969. His sole List A appearance came during the 1967 Gillette Cup, against Northamptonshire. Batting from the upper-middle order, he scored 14 runs in the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20574892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574892" title="Eli Cohen (disambiguation)">
Eli Cohen (disambiguation)

Eli Cohen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20574896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574896" title="Bodily mutilation in film">
Bodily mutilation in film

Bodily mutilation in film describes the apparent mutilation for theatrical purposes of a character in a film. Bodily mutilation is most usually portrayed in the context of horror, but is also used in other genres, such as medical dramas or war films. It is used primarily either to shock or fascinate the audience of a film, or to add a sense of realism to a film. Improved special effects in recent decades have seen an increase in the prevalence of bodily mutilation in film.
Brief history.
Early years.
In the early years of motion picture history, horror was often used in order to attract and intruige audiences. To frighten and fascinate the audience was the goal. Lon Chaney was well known for his portrayals in various horror films, but the subject in focus is his use of makeup to create his ghastly visages. He was known as “the man of 1,000 faces.” (Rickett 2000) Chaney was arguably one of the forerunners of makeup use in horror films. Some others include actors Boris Karloff and Lon Chaney Jr. But it was the man behind their makeup, Jack Pierce, who made them what they were (Rickett 2000). While these movie makers didn’t make films rife with violence and mutilation, their influence on later film makers was great. Early horror movies focused on suspense and monsters but as realism has progressed, movie makers have focused more on realistically portraying the horrible fate of whoever is unfortunate enough to fall victim to the fell devices.
Advent of Horror.
Although there was a boom of monster and alien flicks in the 50s and movie makers using make up more for realistic depictions of violence and gore in the 60s, the advent of realism in horror as we now know it arguably began with the 1973 film "The Exorcist". This was the first of its kind as far as special effects used realistically to portray gruesome scenes. This movie, created by director William Friedkin with make up master Dick Smith directing the effects set the stage for countless other such films to be made. After the release of The Exorcist and its subsequent popularity scary movies began to shift and the violent horror flick became a major genre. With effects greats Kevin Yagher, Dick Smith, and Tom Savini behind such classic horror films as "Friday the 13th" (1980), "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984), "Halloween" (1978), and "Dawn of the Dead" (1978) this genre gained immense popularity (Rickett 2000). This craze peaked during the 80’s went down a little in the 90’s but with the movie "Scream" (1996) horror movies were back in. As special effects continue to get better, so the horror films continue to grow even more violent, gruesome, and realistic in their portrayals of human mutilation as can be seen in the recent "Saw" films (2004,2005, 2006, 2007) as well as others such as "Hostel" (2005) and "" (2007). However horror films are not the only movies that have worked to realistically portray bodily mutilation.
War Films.
War movies have often romanticized battle and violence for glory; but after the Vietnam War, many movies worked to portray war in its true form, all the violence, brutality, and even the psychological distress included. This is shown in several films including "The Deer Hunter" (1978) and "Casualties of War" (1989). A great example is the classic film "Saving Private Ryan" (1998). In the beginning of this movie there is a 15 minute scene showing the landing of American troops at Omaha beach. In this scene there are untold amounts of blood and gore as German machine guns literally rip the U.S. soldiers apart. Other war movies such as "Flags of Our Fathers" (2006), "Enemy at the Gates" (2001), and "Letters from Iwo Jima" (2006) work to show the effects of battle on the human body.
Modern Media.
Nowadays, you can find body mutilation in many different kinds of movies. Some of the more common examples are in movies or shows that depict hospital or law enforcement. As hospital and police movies and TV shows gain popularity and attempt to make the situation more real, they have utilized techniques to make operations and crimes as realistic as possible. This includes breaks, burns, cuts, surgery, and violent attacks. This portrayal is often graphic, but accurate. Regardless of intent, movies have progressed greatly from the early years of Chaney and Pierce in the realistic portrayals of bodily mutilation.
Notable names.
Lon Chaney.
Although not a pioneer when it comes to mutilation, Lon Chaney was the inspiration for many film makers who were. Born on April 1, 1883 in Colorado Springs, Colorado to deaf mute parents, Lon Chaney did not have the easiest childhood (Anderson 1997). However, this did not prevent him from becoming a magician with makeup. Throughout many various films, Chaney perfected his craft. He did his makeup for all the films he was in. Chaney’s makeup kit set the standard for later makeup departments in Hollywood. While his most widely known films are "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1923) and "The Phantom of the Opera" (1925), perhaps some of his most important contributions to modern horror films and their emphasis on the mutilation came from his work in lesser known films. For example, Chaney used collodian to make realistic scars and deformities for his characters Singapore Joe in "The Road to Mandalay" (1926), Ricardo in "Victory" (1919), and Tiger Haynes in "Where East is East" (1929). Chaney died on August 26, 1930 in Los Angeles, California due to complications with throat cancer (Anderson 1997).
Jack Pierce.
Jack Pierce did the makeup man behind popular monster creatures "Frankenstein" (1931), "The Mummy" (1932), and "The Wolf Man" (1941) (Rickett 2000).
Dick Smith.
Born on June 26, 1922, Dick Smith is one of the most influential men on the art of makeup ever. As John Caglione Jr. put it, “No one will ever take over for Dick Smith. In forty-five years of doing makeup, I don’t think anyone’s touched him. He is the heavyweight champion of makeup (Timpone 1996).” Master of makeup, Smith helmed many movies’ special effects, but he excelled in prosthetics and age makeup. Notable examples are that of Marlon Brando as the Don in "The Godfather" (1972) and F. Murray Abraham as Salieri in "Amadeus" (1984). He also did age makeup for Max von Sydow as Father Merrin in "The Exorcist" making this 44 year old look 74 (Multimedia Publications 1986). In this movie he made maybe his greatest contribution to modern mutilation technique with the 360° turn of Linda Blair’s head. This scene complete with vomit spewing and severe facial distortions set the bar for future film makers. Although possibly his greatest contribution to horror, it was not his last. He later worked on other films including the 1977 film The Sentinel in which he coordinated the effects for a gruesome nose and eye slashing (Timpone 1996) among other things.
Tom Savini.
Known as the King of Splatter (Rickett 2000), Tom Savini has quite a reputation for his work in horror movies much of which has included severe bodily mutilation in many circumstances. According to Anthony Timpone in his book "Men, Makeup, and Monsters", Savini started his career young. Earlier makeup artists provided him with inspiration. “Lon Chaney became a hero,” he said. Drafted into the military during the Vietnam War, he became a combat photographer. He would practice his craft on the men he was with, but also got a taste of true gore. “I’ve seen the real stuff.” While in Vietnam, Savini saw many gruesome sights including bodies in rigor mortis and even a dismembered arm. This may have provided him with material he would later use in his movies. And he did use gore and violence in his movies. Perhaps this is stated best by Timpone.
“Prior to Savini’s work on "Dawn of the Dead", realistic screen slaughter had rarely gone to the unrated extremes it would soon reach in the early 80s with Savini’s guidance. Via is macabre tricks, heads were severed, scalped, axed, exploded, and pierced. Machetes hacked off limbs, fangs tore through chunks of human flesh, and blood bags sprayed gallons of grue. Zombies, ghouls, demons, hideously disfigured maniacs, and other assorted Savini-created monsters racked up endless body counts.” 
This master of splatter was behind many horror films’ effects including "Martin" (1975), "Maniac," "Friday the 13th" (1980), "" (1984), "Day of the Dead" (1985), "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2" (1986), and "Two Evil Eyes" (1990). “My job is to create the stuff as realistically as possible.” 
Rick Baker.
Rick Baker is known mainly for his work making ape films (Timpone 1996). However, he is well known for his work on "An American Werewolf in London" (1981), specifically the on screen transformation of the main character into a werewolf (Multimedia Publications 2986). While this may not be considered mutilation, the transformation is a radical change from human to monster and therefore evokes many of the same emotions.
Kevin Yagher.
Mastermind behind the psychotic doll Chucky, Kevin Yagher is known for his work with animatronics (Timpone 1996). He also did effects for the Nightmare on Elm Street movies 2-4.
Bob Keen.
Bob Keen did effects on the movies "Hellraiser" (1987) and "Nightbreed" (1990)
Movies and television shows.
"The Exorcist" (1973)
With the Linda Blair head turn and accompanying effects, this film inspired many film makers.
"Martin" (1978)
This may not be a particularly fantastic movie, but the scene where Martin, the title character, slits the wrist of an unconscious girl shows a clever trick used to fool the audience into believing in the realism of the action.
"Dawn of the Dead" (1978)
This film was very original. In fact, according to effects man Tom Savini, this film was largely improvised during its making. “We’d be sitting around thinking of ways to kill a zombie.” These ways include stabbing one in the ear with a screwdriver, and cutting one’s head to pieces with a helicopter’s rotors.
"Halloween" (1978) and sequels
"Friday the 13th" (1980) and sequels
"The Howling" (1981)
With its full on screen transformation and a scene where Eddie Quist gets acid flung into his face before a transformation, this movie shows the human body realistically distorted, and mutilated in the case of the acid, in a way new to film at the time.
"An American Werewolf in London" (1981)
Released in the same year as The Howling, this movie also showed the change from man to wolf. It also shows some pretty gruesome undead. While released later than The Howling this movie used some innovative techniques developed by Rick Baker and who went on to win an Oscar for his makeup on the film. (Hollywood tricks of the trade page 133)
"The Evil Dead" (1981)
This movie may not have been particularly successful or popular, but the makers were creative when faced with production problems, including having to come up with their own formula for fake blood. This consisted of corn syrup, food coloring, and instant coffee to thicken it (Multimedia Publications 1986).
"A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984) and sequels
"Scream" (1996) and sequels
"ER" (1994-2009)
"Saving Private Ryan" (1998)
"" (2000- ) and spin offs (Miami, New York, etc.)
"Black Hawk Down" (2001)
"Saw" (2004) and sequels
"Hostel" (2005) and sequels
"Hatchet" (2006) and sequels
Techniques.
Obviously, the tricks of the trade are what make these effects convincing. The following are a few basic techniques or tricks that have been used to create the image of mutilation.
Blood.
Fake blood can be made in many different ways. One of the cheapest and easiest can be made with varying recipes including corn syrup and food dye. For example, in the movie "The Evil Dead" the makers used a mixture consisting of corn syrup, food coloring, and instant coffee. Fake blood is used in nearly every, if not every single, movie that has shown bodily mutilation, be it human or otherwise. Some effective uses of fake blood include use of a squib, or small explosive device, with a metal plate between the actor and the squib and a packet of fake blood to simulate the blood splatter that would accompany a gunshot for example. Another used for fake blood is seen in the movie "Martin" when the main character cuts the wrist of a girl. This trick is accomplished by hiding a syringe or bulb behind the fake weapon and squeezing out the fake blood as the weapon is drawn across the victim.
Scar effects.
Fake scars can be made in many different ways. Actor Lon Chaney used collodian. In more recent years, with the advent of latex and plastics there are many ways to make fake flesh and scarring.
Burns.
Burns are used in many films and correct technique can create a more effective visual. For first degree burns, merely put down a red foundation with a little purple on top. Use skin colored powder to prevent the “burn” from shining. For a second degree burn create fake blistering surrounded by the standard first degree reddening. To create the blistering, you can use petroleum jelly in saran wrap, or using pure gum latex and lifting the center after drying. Third degree burns are severe and should reflect that in the effect. The skin is charred and broken. This effect can be achieved with the latex, plastic wax material, or other plastic appliance. Be sure to color the burned flesh convincingly, then gradient from third degree burn, to second degree to first.
Latex.
Latex is a synthetic rubber often used in special effects. Foamed latex is sometimes considered the "ultimate in prosthetic appliance." It can be used in an inflatable bladder effect to make it seem like the actor’s skin is moving or rippling like Rick Baker’s werewolf change effect An American Werewolf in London. This is accomplished by covering an inflatable balloon of some type underneath a covering made of latex, urethane, or plastic molding. Latex can also be used to make scar effects or other more blatant mutilation. For example, with latex prosthetics, movie makers can make an actor appear to have more or less limbs than he should. They can also make the actor appear to be horribly wounded with flesh hanging and large gashes. To accomplish these tricks, the actor must first have a mold made of the part of him that will be replicated using latex. Take, as an example, one of the zombies in Dawn of the Dead. To make this actor seem to be rotting, they need to make a cast. The technicians prep the area of the body, say the face, to be cast. They must cover the hair and coat the eyebrows, eyelashes, and any other hair that can’t be covered with petroleum jelly. Then they must apply the alginate or other comparable substance, completely covering the molding area, keeping the mouth, nose, or both open for breathing. When that is finished, they layer the area with plaster bandages to create the cast. When all of it has dried and settled, they remove the cast from the actor and put it together again to create the mold. After this, they pour plaster of Paris into the mold to create a cast that is exactly like the actors face. From the cast they can get another mold which they then can use to sculpt any prosthetic attachments they need. This can include fake limbs, fake skin, or growths. It is important to use the a good adhesive to apply the prosthetic. In his book Vincent Kehoe recommends one that is "easy to apply, set rapidly, be dilutable for use, and be removable with a solvent that is not harmful to the skin.

</doc>
<doc id="20574897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574897" title="Personal environmental impact accounting">
Personal environmental impact accounting

Conception.
Lotter, at the time a graduate student in ecology at the University of California Davis, developed the PEIA methodology while teaching a course on the History of Western Consciousness in the UC Davis Experimental College. He realized that, while individuals in contemporary western society generally have an enormous environmental impact, there is very little awareness of it and no method for its quantification or assessment.
Development.
The first software version of the PEIA methodology was the DOS-based EnviroAccount software, written in QuickBasic and completed in 1992. The basic PEIA algorithms were then transferred to Windows 3.1 based EarthAware software, released in 1996.
Lotter also authored a book on the topic.
See also.
PEIA is similar in concept to the Ecological footprint.

</doc>
<doc id="20574903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574903" title="Jagnula Kunovska">
Jagnula Kunovska

Jagnula Kunovska (), (born 1943, Kastoria, Greece) is a prominent Macedonian jurist, politician and artist.
Biography.
She was born in the Greek city of Kastoria in 1943. She is the granddaughter of the Kastorian voivode, Nikola Dobrolitski. She was evacuated to the city of Tetovo in the People's Republic of Macedonia in 1948 as one of the many political refugees of the Greek Civil War. She finished a law degree at Skopje University. She then worked as a lawyer in Skopje. She is a member of the Association of writers from Macedonia. She soon became a leading Jurist in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia.
In 1990 she became a founding member of the Macedonian political party, Movement for All-Macedonian Action "(MAAK)". She was a supporter of Tito Petkovski's bid for the Presidency of the Republic of Macedonia in 1999. In 2006 she ran election in the Skopje and Kumanovo regions as part of the New Social Democratic Party. In 2006 there was a controversy between Kunovska and Vlado Bučkovski which involved claims of Bulgarianisation. In 2007 she left the New Social Democratic Party and became a member of the leading party of the Republic of Macedonia, VMRO–DPMNE During 2008 she has participated in the writing of the magazine "Makedonski Duhovni Konaci".

</doc>
<doc id="20574919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574919" title="The Fox Family">
The Fox Family

The Fox Family () is a 2006 South Korean film. Made on a budget of ₩3.5 billion ($3.8 million), the film is a musical comedy about the kumiho of Korean mythology.
Plot.
Disguising themselves as humans, a family of kumiho travel from their home in the mountains to the city. The kumiho can only truly become human if they consume a human liver during an eclipse that occurs once every thousand years, and with just thirty days to go they open a circus in the hope of attracting some victims. But the only person they succeed in capturing is conman Gi-dong, and things get complicated when the family's eldest daughter falls in love with him. In addition, a series of murders in the city brings the family under suspicion from a local police department.
Release.
"The Fox Family" was released in South Korea on 27 September 2006, and on its opening weekend was ranked seventh at the box office with 39,025 admissions. The film went on to receive a total of 202,990 admissions nationwide, with a gross (as of 8 October 2006) of $806,638.
In August 2007, "The Fox Family" was screened at the 3rd Jecheon International Music and Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20574923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574923" title="Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head Vol. 01">
Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head Vol. 01

Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head: Volume 01 is an instrumental-based (second overall) album by the American electronic rock band, Celldweller. It is the first album in the "SVH" series.
Background and Production.
While chronologically "Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head Vol. 01" is the second studio album by Celldweller, it is not the second main Celldweller album; instead, the album is more of a side project. When asked about whether "SVH 01" is a second "Beta Cessions" release, Klayton replied that " wanted to be sure that "SVH 01" was a separate entity from the "Beta Cessions" material"
"SVH 01" is a production based album intended for film, TV, and video game licensing. The album contains songs which were culled from the hundreds of demos in Klayton's extensive archives and represented work that he felt was not suited for a premier Celldweller album but rather for theatrical use. Also, some songs were from the then work in progress and unnamed second main album sessions. The songs "Birthright (Beta 1.0)", "Narrow Escape" and "Through the Gates" are known to be from the sessions.
According to Klayton, "La Puerta Del Diablo" was inspired by a trip to the place of the same name in El Salvador.
Artwork by DOSE-productions (www.doseprod.com). Artistic Director : Sam Hayles
Release.
On October 28, 2008, 15 tracks from the album were released for free on Celldweller's True Anthem Widget and the album was made available for pre-order at FiXT Store. On December 16, 2008, the album was released for download and physical CD.
Following the success of the album, the instrumentals "Through the Gates" and "Ursa Minor" were added to Celldweller's live shows. Additionally, the final version of "Birthright" which was updated with more production, was re-released on "Wish Upon a Blackstar".
Licensing.
Most of the songs from "Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head Vol. 01" have been licensed for film, TV, and video games and have also been used in Celldweller video clips on the Celldweller YouTube channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20574968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574968" title="Malcolm Wynn">
Malcolm Wynn

Malcolm Wynn (born December 10, 1948) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Flintwick.
Having appeared for Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship since 1968, Wynn made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1970 Gillette Cup. Batting in the opening order, he scored 35 runs, his team's highest individual score.
Since 2001, Wynn has been regularly appearing for Bedfordshire Over-50s in the Over-50s County Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20574973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574973" title="Dick Tettelbach">
Dick Tettelbach

Richard Morley Tettelbach (June 26, 1929 – January 26, 1995) nicknamed "Tut", was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He attended college at Yale University, playing alongside future President George Bush in one season. Tettelbach played 29 games with the New York Yankees and Washington Senators with 12 hits in 80 at bats.

</doc>
<doc id="20574974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574974" title="Kohi Apna Sa">
Kohi Apna Sa

Kohi Apna Sa is an Indian television soap opera, first broadcast on Zee TV from October 15, 2001. The series portrayed the lives of three best friends— Khushi, Shruti and Sanjana— once they got married into the same joint family. The series won several awards at the time it was first telecast.
Plot.
Khushi, Shruti and Sanjana are the closest of friends, who dote on each other. As luck would have it, they end up getting married to three cousins—Vishal, Tushar and Kabir, respectively—and living in the same house. As they cope with the challenges of adjusting into a huge joint family, their friendship comes under pressure; but they always try to support each other.
Their lives take an unexpectedly tragic turn when Tushar is murdered and his wife Shruti arrested for the crime. Though Shruti protests her innocence, she is taken away by the police. Khushi and Sanjana watch helplessly, while the other family members condemn Shruti. Later, they are told that a police van carrying Shruti has met with an accident, killing her along with the other occupants.
Several years later, a successful businesswoman named Mallika comes in contact with Khushi, Sanjana and their husbands. Friendly at first, Mallika later unveils a ruthless plan for ruining Vishal and Kabir. When Khushi and Sanjana confront Mallika, they make a shocking discovery. Mallika is none other than Shruti, who has survived the accident, but undergone plastic surgery to fix her ruined face. With the support of a wealthy and generous old lady, Shruti has built up a new identity as Mallika. She believes that Vishal and Kabir have killed Tushar and implicated her; so, she is seeking revenge from them. She is also angry with Khushi and Sanjana for having abandoned her.
Mallika a.k.a. Shruti succeeds in getting Vishal and Kabir arrested. But then new evidence appears that reveals a totally different person as the actual murderer. The identity of the murderer, along with the motive for murder, is only disclosed at the end and leaves everybody flabbergasted.

</doc>
<doc id="20574982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20574982" title="American Opportunity Tax Credit">
American Opportunity Tax Credit

The American Opportunity Tax Credit is a partially refundable tax credit detailed in Section 1004 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.
The act specifies:
The act directs several Treasury studies:
History.
Originally proposed by President Barack Obama to help students and families pay for post-secondary education, the proposal called for a $4000 credit in exchange for 100 hours of community service. The stated goal of the credit was to, "cover two-thirds the cost of tuition at the average public college or university and make community college tuition completely free for most students."
H.R.106: The American Opportunity Tax Credit Act of 2009.
On January 6, 2009, Congressman Chaka Fattah introduced H.R.106, The American Opportunity Tax Credit Act of 2009.
In brief, the proposed act specified
On January 27, 2009, in the Rayburn House Office Building, Congressman Fattah convened a Congressional Roundtable, "Igniting Public Service and Securing College Access: the American Opportunity Tax Credit, H.R. 106". The panel was keynoted by Former Senator Harris Wofford and included Karen Kaskey (PennSERVE), Michelle Cooper (Institute for Higher Education Policy), David Baime (American Association of Community Colleges), Quyen Arana (K20 Center, University of Oklahoma), and Reginald Williams (Benjamin Banneker Academic High School).
H.R. 3296: Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010.
The Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 (, 124 Stat. 3296, ), was passed by the United States Congress on December 16, 2010 and signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 17, 2010.
Among other things, the bill extends the American Opportunity Tax Credit for tax years 2011 and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20575003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575003" title="Ivor Clay">
Ivor Clay

Ivor Thomas Clay (7 May 1915 – 12 August 1958) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1940s and also a first-class cricketer for Tasmania.
Clay kicked 13 goals in his debut season at Fitzroy, in 1941, after making his debut in their round five game against Richmond. He was a semi regular in the team again the following year but from 1943 to 1946 his appearances were sporadic. As a result he missed out on a place in Fitzroy's drought breaking 1944 premiership team, which his twin brother Bert played in.
Once his VFL career was over, Clay went to Tasmania and ended up playing three first-class cricket matches for the state, as a right-arm fast-medium bowler. He took nine wickets at 37.77, among them Test opener Colin McDonald. Five of his wickets came on his debut when he played against Victoria at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and included his career best figures of 3 for 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20575019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575019" title="Now or Never (Nick Carter album)">
Now or Never (Nick Carter album)

Now or Never is the debut solo album by Nick Carter, best known as a member of the Backstreet Boys, released on October 29, 2002 by Jive Records. The album debuted at #17 in its first week on the Billboard 200, selling some 70,000 copies during first week in U.S. It fell out of the top 50 in its second week, but sold well enough to be certified Gold by the RIAA in December 2002. Two singles were released from the album, neither of which had any impact on the US charts. The first single, "Help Me", did reach #9 on the Canadian Singles Chart. "I Got You" was a major hit in Europe, Southeast Asia and Australia. Aaron Carter gave sneak previews of some of the songs from the album on his album "Another Earthquake". The album sold over 550,000 copies in America.
Personnel.
Credits for "Now or Never" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20575029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575029" title="Unitized regenerative fuel cell">
Unitized regenerative fuel cell

A unitized regenerative fuel cell (URFC) is a fuel cell based on the proton exchange membrane which can do the electrolysis of water in regenerative mode and function in the other mode as a fuel cell recombining oxygen and hydrogen gas to produce electricity. Both modes are done with the same fuel cell stack
By definition, the process of any fuel cell could be reversed. However, a given device is usually optimized for operating in one mode and may not be built in such a way that it can be operated backwards. Fuel cells operated backwards generally do not make very efficient systems unless they are purpose-built to do so as in high pressure electrolyzers, unitized regenerative fuel cells and regenerative fuel cells.
History.
Livermore physicist Fred Mitlitsky studied the possibilities of reversible technology. In the mid-1990s Mitlitsky received some funding from NASA for development of Helios and from the Department of Energy for leveling peak and intermittent power usage with sources such as solar cells or wind turbines. By 1996 he produced a 50-watt prototype single proton-exchange membrane cell which operated for 1,700 ten-minute charge-discharge cycles, and degradation was less than a few percent at the highest current densities. A rated power of 18.5 kW URFC was installed in the Helios and was tested on-board during test flights in 2003. The aircraft unfortunately crashed on its second URFC test flight June 26, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20575037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575037" title="Rose Tattoo (Rose Tattoo album)">
Rose Tattoo (Rose Tattoo album)

Rose Tattoo is the debut self-titled album by Australian hard rock band Rose Tattoo released in November 1978 on the Albert Productions label. It was produced by the famous Vanda & Young team who have worked with AC/DC, The Angels and Stevie Wright. The album was released as "Rock 'n' Roll Outlaw" (or "Rock 'n' Roll Outlaws") in some markets. Eight bonus tracks were added for the 1990 CD edition for Repertoire Records.
Background.
Rose Tattoo formed in Sydney in 1976 by Pete Wells who wanted a tough slide guitar based band. they recorded their debut single, "Bad Boy for Love" with Angry Anderson on lead vocals, Mick Cocks on rhythm guitar, Ian Rilen on bass guitar, Dallas "Digger" Royall on drums and Peter Wells on slide guitar during mid-1977. Rilen, the song's writer departed to form punk rock group, X, prior to its release in October 1977. The single was produced by Vanda & Young (ex-The Easybeats, AC/DC's producers) and peaked at No. 19 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart. To cover Rilen's departure, Cocks switched to bass guitar, then Chris Turner (ex-Buffalo) was brought in. 
Anderson's one-time band mate, bass guitarist Geordie Leach was recruited to replace Turner and record their self-titled debut LP, "Rose Tattoo", which reached the top 40 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart in November 1978. The album, produced by Vanda & Young, was released in some markets as "Rock N' Roll Outlaw" from their second Australian single, "Rock N' Roll Outlaw" which did not reach the top 50. Leach left the band in May 1979 to be replaced in October by guitarist Lobby Loyde (Purple Hearts, Wild Cherries). The band toured the United States, recorded an unreleased album in Los Angeles, and then toured Europe (including UK), but by September Loyde had left and Leach had returned.
Early in 1981, "Rock N' Roll Outlaw" started to chart in Europe, peaking at No. 2 in France, No. 5 in Germany and No. 60 in UK. The line up of Anderson, Cocks, Leach, Royall and Wells toured Europe from April. Three years after their debut the band issued the follow-up album, "Assault & Battery" in September, which reached the top 30 in Australia. Both "Rock N' Roll Outlaw" and "Assault & Battery" peaked at No. 1 on the UK heavy metal albums chart. Eight bonus tracks were added for the 1990 CD edition for Repertoire Records.
The song "Nice Boys" was covered by Guns N' Roses in 1986 on their Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide EP and it was later re-released on their 1988 EP G N' R Lies.Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin have both claimed that rose tattoo changed their lives and confirmed to them that their own future was in rock 'n' roll. In 1987, the song "Rock & Roll Outlaw" was covered by American band Keel for the soundtrack of the movie Dudes, It has also been covered by Nashville Pussy on their High As Hell album, L.A. Guns on their Rips the covers off album and founding member Pete Wells Also covered it on his debut solo record Everything you like tries to kill you.
In October 2010, "Rose Tattoo" (1978) was listed in the book, "100 Best Australian Albums".
Track listing.
All tracks written by members of Rose Tattoo as shown.
1990 Repertoire Records re-release bonus tracks
Personnel.
Rose Tattoo members
Production

</doc>
<doc id="20575045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575045" title="Malcolm Stedman">
Malcolm Stedman

Malcolm Stedman (born April 28, 1948) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batmsan who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in West Ham, Essex.
Having made his debut cricketing appearance at the age of just 18 for Essex Young Amateurs, Stedman turned out in the Minor Counties Championship for the first time in 1974, he had to wait until 1982 for his only List A appearance, in the NatWest Bank Trophy competition. Batting in the opening order, Stedman scored seven runs in the match.
Between 2003 and 2006, Stedman played for Bedfordshire in the Over-50s County Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20575049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575049" title="Abokobi-Madina (Ghana parliament constituency)">
Abokobi-Madina (Ghana parliament constituency)

Abokobi-Madina is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Abokobi-Madina is located in the Ga East District of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
Boundaries.
The constituency is located within the Ga East District of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="20575054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575054" title="1978–79 Segunda División B">
1978–79 Segunda División B

The 1978–79 Segunda División B was the 2nd season of Segunda División B, the third highest level of the Spanish football league system, since its establishment in 1977. First and 2nd in each group were promoted to Segunda División, and the bottom three were relegated to the Tercera División.
Group 1.
A total of 20 teams will contest the group, including 2 relegated from the Segunda División and 3 promoted from the Tercera División.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams relegated from Segunda División 1977-78
Teams promoted from Tercera División 1977-78
Group 2.
A total of 20 teams will contest the group, including 3 relegated from the Segunda División and 17 promoted from the Tercera División.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams relegated from Segunda División 1977-78
Teams promoted from Tercera División 1977-78

</doc>
<doc id="20575066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575066" title="Gawkk">
Gawkk

Gawkk.com is a community-based social video sharing website that specializes in allowing people to collect and share videos with their friends. Gawkk does not host videos directly like YouTube and Metacafe but instead lists embedded videos from any hosting site on the web in public channels created by the community. The site gets its videos from user-submission of the video URL or embed code, RSS feeds and some web crawling.
Gawkk organizes videos around channels, and members can subscribe to public channels that group videos in chronological order relative to a particular topic, such as a TV show, movie, celebrity, musical artist, comedian, etc. Members can save videos to their own personal video channel, follow other members' channels and share their saved videos with friends that follow them back, similar to the web service Twitter.
The privately held company was founded by Gary Culliss and Thomas Mango in 2007 and is headquartered in New York, NY. 

</doc>
<doc id="20575080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575080" title="Jeremy Goldberg">
Jeremy Goldberg

Peter Jeremy Piers Goldberg (born 1958) is an English historian. He is Reader in Medieval History at the University of York. Goldberg was educated at the University of York and at the University of Cambridge. His main interest lies within the social and cultural history of late medieval England, in particular women's and gender history. Among his published books are "Women, Work and Life Cycle in a Medieval Economy" (1992), "Women in England c. 1275-1525: Documentary Sources" (1995) and "Medieval England: A Social History 1250-1550" (2004). He has also edited several books, including "Women in Medieval English Society" (1997) and "Richard Scrope: Archbishop, Rebel, Martyr" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20575081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575081" title="Comic Blade Brownie">
Comic Blade Brownie


</doc>
<doc id="20575112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575112" title="Christopher Proudman">
Christopher Proudman

Christopher Proudman (born June 30, 1952) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Oakham, Rutland.
Proudman made his debut for Bedfordshire in 1984, and played in the first round of the English Estates Trophy competition in the same year.
Appearing steadily in the Minor Counties Championship for the team between 1984 and 1986, Proudman's only List A appearance came in the NatWest Trophy competition of 1985. Batting in the tailend, he scored 14 not out, though it was not enough to save Bedfordshire from a heavy defeat. He bowled twelve overs in the match, conceding 40 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20575131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575131" title="Shimon Yaakov Gliksberg">
Shimon Yaakov Gliksberg

Rabbi Shimon Yaakov Halevi Gliksberg (born in 1870 in Miedzyrzec Podlaski – died in 1950 in Tel-Aviv) was a scholar, preacher, historian and one of the founding members of the Mizrachi Zionist movement.
Biography.
Born to a Hassidic family, Rabbi Gliksberg studied in a yeshiva in Miedzyrzec Podlaski and later in the Tomchei Torah institution of Minsk, founded by The Great One of Minsk. 
He was ordained as a rabbi by the esteemed Rabbi Yosef Hacohen Ravitz, the rabbi of Rastovich, by Rabbi Haim Yehuda of Smorgan and Rabbi Moshe Shaul Shapira of Bobruysk. For several years, he assisted his father-in-law, Rabbi Mordechai Dovid Alpert, the head of a rabbinical court in the district of who was known as "Yad Mordechai," the name of his most important book. In Minsk, Rabbi Gliksberg was one of the leaders of the Shlomei Emunei Zion group, which later became the Mizrachi movement. He was among the delegates to the movement's founding meeting in Vilna in the winter of 1902 representing his home town of Miedzyrzec Podlaski. He became a member of the Central Committee and was chosen together with Rabbi Ze'ev Yavetz to draft an organizational plan, to choose a name for the movement and to outline a platform for the new Zionist religious party. From that moment on, he continued to act as an advocate for the Mizrahi. When Rabbi Gliksberg came back to Miedzyrzec Podlaski to present his report on the conference, an audience of thousands assembled to hear him in the large Beis Midrash, where he had studied as a youth. 
Rabbi Gliksberg accepted a position of a rabbi in Pinsk in 1902. He was a delegate to the Russian Zionist Conference in Minsk and to the Sixth Zionist Congress in Basel in 1903. After the death of Theodor Herzl he traveled to various large cities as a representative of Mizrahi to eulogize the visionary of the Jewish state. 
In 1906 Rabbi Gliksberg became a rabbi in Odessa. He devoted himself more than ever to Zionist activities and became the chair of the Mizrahi movement. He was also an active member of the Hovevei Zion organization. He was renowned for his extensive knowledge of Judaism and Jewish literature, and for being a brilliant interpreter and preacher. His sermons at the city's main synagogue and at the Zionist synagogue Yavneh drew crowds of young men who listened attentively to his every word as he spoke in a deeply convincing and captivating manner that had much popular appeal.
In addition to his official duties as a rabbi he was active in the domains of education and social work. He was one of the founders of the Shomrei Torah yeshiva, and his efforts led to the establishment of public schools for impoverished Jewish children in affiliation with various synagogues. He was also a founder of the Ezrat Holim charitable organization. He published a pamphlet in Yiddish and Russian called Ezrat Holim about concepts of charity and about support for ailing members of the community. The pamphlet was distributed in thousands of copies.
In 1917 Rabbi Gliksberg was a delegate to the National Congress of Ukrainian Jews. That same year he became a member of the Odessa City Council and was officially appointed as the city's chief rabbi. He continued to serve as Odessa's chief rabbi until 1937.
In the 1920s Rabbi Gliksberg came to prominence in the course of seven “religious debates” with Anatoly Lunacharsky, members of Yevsektsiya, Russian religious leaders such as Alexander Vvedensky and others. The debates took place in stadiums and theaters of Odessa with thousands of people present. During one of the debates Anatoli Lunacharsky, the Commissar of Culture and Education, said, "My faith in collective redemption gives me such power in the future as cannot be given by any religion." Rabbi Gliksberg replied, "The faith you have is precisely of the religious kind."
During the debates Rabbi Gliksberg impressed the crowds with his erect posture, rhetorical talent, religious enthusiasm and apt remarks, as well as with his wide-ranging knowledge of philosophy, science and literature. Indeed, his power of conviction made him into what one of his opponents called a "dangerous debater."
In 1937 Rabbi Gliksberg moved to Eretz Israel where he was the head of the Rabbinical court of Tel Aviv. A great scholar and virtuous man, pure in spirit and thought, he ruled the religious court in a moderate, considerate, and pleasant manner. He was also a member of the Mizrahi's court of honoraries. For several years he served as one of the judges who awarded the Rabbi Kook Prize.
After Rabbi Gliksberg's death a street in Tel-Aviv was named after him and his son, artist Chaim Gliksberg.
Personal life.
Rabbi Gliksberg married Cypa Mejta Alpert, daughter of Rabbi Mordechai Dovid Alpert, A.B.D. Svisloch, who was a grandson of Aryeh Leib Epstein (Ba'al ha-Pardes) of Königsberg. They had 7 children, 4 daughters and 3 sons. His son Chaim Gliksberg moved to Eretz Israel in 1925 and became a renowned artist and author. The rest of Rabbi Gliksberg’s children lived in the Soviet Union until the day they died. The oldest daughter Eneta became a teacher and taught at Yevrabmol experimental school in Odessa. Daughter Eugenia became a well-known physician and medical researcher who published an impressive volume of work and received a Doctoral degree based on those publications. She served in the medical corps during World War II becoming a Major of Medical Corps and earning two Orders of the Red Star for bravery. Daughter Judith became a prominent child care specialist and daughter Sulamith was an infectious disease specialist. Rabbi’s son Shmuel died when he was 7 years old from scarlet fever. The youngest son Benjamin, an engineer educated in Strelitz, Germany, was arrested in 1936 and spent 20 years of his life in Joseph Stalin 'scamps. Later, after Stalin’s death he was still not allowed to live in Odessa with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20575144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575144" title="Gates of Heaven Synagogue">
Gates of Heaven Synagogue

Shaarei Shamayim (Gates of Heaven) has been the name of two Jewish congregations in Madison, Wisconsin. The first, dating to the 19th century but no longer in existence, built what is now the eighth-oldest synagogue building still standing in the United States. The second congregation, dating to 1989, is the sole Reconstructionist congregation in Madison.
The First Shaarei Shamayim.
Madison's Shaarei Shamayim congregation was founded in 1856 by Jewish immigrants from Germany. Kutzbock also used this distinctive style for the Pierce and Van Slyke Houses in the adjacent Mansion Hill district. The building now ranks as the eighth-oldest surviving synagogue building in the United States. The Panic of 1873 forced the lease of the building to a Unitarian congregation, and in subsequent years it was repurposed to house the Women's Christian Temperance Union, other churches, and a funeral home.
Modern Use of the Building.
Gates of Heaven Synagogue was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970, and in 1971, thanks to the efforts of local citizens, the building was purchased by the city, restored, and moved to James Madison Park. Now located at the corner of Gorham and Butler Streets, the Gates of Heaven building is used for concerts, weddings, and other gatherings. 
Since the early 1980s, Hannah Rosenthal has led High Holiday services at the site, with jazz musician Ben Sidran and vocalist Lynette Margulies providing liturgical music. Sidran's album "Life's a Lesson" contains selections from these services. 
Beginning in late 2011, Madison Minyan, an independent partnership minyan began using the synagogue building for monthly Friday night Jewish prayer services.
The Second Shaarei Shamayim.
The modern Shaarei Shamayim congregation was formed in 1989 by attendees of Rosenthal's High Holiday services. 

</doc>
<doc id="20575157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575157" title="Peter Nagle">
Peter Nagle

Peter Richard Nagle (born 23 March 1946) is an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1988 to 2001, representing the electorate of Auburn.
Nagle was born in Sydney, and studied at Benedict Boys High School, Macquarie University and the University of Sydney. He worked variously as a lawyer, union official and TAFE teacher before entering politics. He also served a stint in the Army Reserve from 1962 to 1967, and was elected to the Auburn Council from 1970 to 1976.
Nagle won election to the safe Labor seat of Auburn at the 1988 election on the retirement of Wran government minister Peter Cox. He was re-elected in 1991, 1995 and 1999, before retiring mid-term in 2001, resulting in a by-election that was won by Labor candidate Barbara Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="20575177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575177" title="Glengarry, Victoria">
Glengarry, Victoria

Glengarry is a town in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia. The town is located in the City of Latrobe local government area, south east of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Glengarry had a population of 677.
History.
Glengarry was established after the railway arrived from Traralgon in 1883.
The Post Office opened on 1 January 1884 as La Trobe Railway Station and was renamed Glengarry in December of that year.
Today.
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the North Gippsland Football League.
See also.
Glengarry railway station

</doc>
<doc id="20575192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575192" title="Peter Taylor (cricketer, born 1942)">
Peter Taylor (cricketer, born 1942)

Peter Michael Taylor (born December 11, 1942) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Cranfield, Bedfordshire.
Taylor made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1967 Gillette Cup, against Northamptonshire. Alongside former England Test player Geoff Millman in the opening order, Taylor scored 25 runs, as Bedfordshire exited the competition in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20575228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575228" title="Driss Seghir">
Driss Seghir

Driss Seghir is a Moroccan short-story Writer.
He was born on May 21st 1948 in Kenitra, in west Morocco.
Works.
Author of :
Projects.
Subject-matter in Printing:

</doc>
<doc id="20575235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575235" title="Gubongdaesan">
Gubongdaesan

Gubongdaesan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20575238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575238" title="Synthetic rescue">
Synthetic rescue

Synthetic rescue (or synthetic recovery) refers to a genetic interaction in which a cell that is nonviable due to a defective gene becomes viable when this defect is combined with the knockout of a different gene.
See also.
Synthetic Lethality, Gene Therapy, and Complex Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20575245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575245" title="The Times Will Suit Them">
The Times Will Suit Them

The Times Will Suit Them: Postmodern conservatism in Australia is a 2008 book by academics Geoff Boucher and Matthew Sharpe. The book argues that for more than a decade Prime Minister John Howard took advantage of international crises and local anxieties to stay in government and significantly reshape Australian public life. The authors outline a theory that despite its conservative background the Howard Government was post-modernist, skeptical of organised politics and committed to policies based on a relative assessment of Australian cultural values rather than more universal international ideals. These characteristics, casting the Government in a "radical conservative" mould, are presented as an explanation for the Government's electoral success.

</doc>
<doc id="20575262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575262" title="Geranium phaeum">
Geranium phaeum

Geranium phaeum, commonly called dusky cranesbill, mourning widow or black widow, is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family. It is native from southern, central, and western Europe, and is cultivated as a garden subject. It has dark violet colored flowers. It is unmistakable with dark purple petals turned backwards and with conspicuous projecting stamens and style. Petals crinkly-edged and pointed. Leaves often blotched brown.

</doc>
<doc id="20575271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575271" title="Assault &amp; Battery (Rose Tattoo album)">
Assault &amp; Battery (Rose Tattoo album)

Assault & Battery is the second album by Australian hard rock band Rose Tattoo. It was the first sort of full-length release in three years after three years non stop on the road.

</doc>
<doc id="20575276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575276" title="M7 road (Cape Town)">
M7 road (Cape Town)

The M7, also named Vanguard Drive, is an limited-access road in Cape Town, South Africa. It is an extension of the N7 national road, which ends at an intersection with the N1. The M7 continues southwards from this intersection through the Cape Flats to end at the False Bay coast. Along its route it intersects with the R102, the N2, the R300 and the R310.

</doc>
<doc id="20575281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575281" title="List of mountain ranges of California">
List of mountain ranges of California

These are the named mountain ranges in California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575282" title="Richard White (cricketer)">
Richard White (cricketer)

Richard White (born April 27, 1934) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Carlton.
White made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1967 Gillette Cup competition. From the tailend, White scored a duck in the only innings in which he batted. Bowling twelve overs in the match, he took figures of 1-41.

</doc>
<doc id="20575287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575287" title="David Rosenbloom">
David Rosenbloom

David Rosenbloom is a film and television editor with more than 20 film credits, as well as many television editing and directing credits. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Film Editing and the American Cinema Editors "Eddie" for "The Insider" (1999).
Rosenbloom co-edited "The Insider" with William Goldenberg and Paul Rubell; the film was directed by Michael Mann. The three editors were interviewed by Scott Essman in 1999 about the making of "The Insider". Rubell noted that, "the camera work is kind of chaotic. It is the opposite of what you would call a controlled visual style. The camera is always moving and it is very jittery and when you look at the dailies, you see that the operators had great latitude in what they could physically do with the camera; they tried some wild things and Michael loved that. He would sort of control the chaos and shape it, but he allowed the chaos to occur." Rosenbloom added, "I never worked with a director who gave such precise notes - the fact that the notes were precise and that there were so many of them made them imprecise because you couldn't possibly do everything that the note said to do. If you did, you would have 24 versions of the scene. The notes provided you with a road map and oftentimes the chaos in the editing was trying to figure out the one way that you could first put the scene together."
Rosenbloom's earlier television work garnered several additional Eddie and Emmy Award nominations. He has been elected to the American Cinema Editors.

</doc>
<doc id="20575294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575294" title="Eleanor Legasto Nishiumi">
Eleanor Legasto Nishiumi

Eleanor Legasto Nishiumi, known as Ellen Nishiumi,(b: February 22, 1966) is a Filipino television personality most noted as a host of the "Oh Tokyo" information program for the Japanese-Filipino WINS cable television studio.
Background.
Nishiumi was born February 23, 1966 in the Philippines, the daughter of Edgardo V. Legasto, a short story writer, and Elsa Diaz. At the age of 18, she began training with a Filipino dance troupe which performed in Japan. During her stay in Japan she met Toshiya Nishiumi and they married in Tokyo in 1993. In 1995, a Filipino friend who hosted the small online news program, "WINS Japan", asked her to audition as a reporter. Nishiumi agreed although her Nihongo language skills were poor. Nishiumi was later hired as a host reporter for the "Oh Tokyo" information program for the WINS Filipino channel. ABS-CBN aired her story with Toni Gonzaga portraying Nishiumi.

</doc>
<doc id="20575303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575303" title="Guhaksan">
Guhaksan

Guhaksan is a mountain on the boundary between the provinces of Gangwon-do and Chungcheongbuk-do, in South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Wonju and Jecheon. Guhaksan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20575323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575323" title="Arthington, Liberia">
Arthington, Liberia

Arthington is a small town in Liberia along the Saint Paul River, located northwest of the capital city of Monrovia. It is mainly known as the hometown of former President Charles Taylor, the country's 22nd president.
History.
The town is named after Robert Arthington, an attorney and philanthropist from Leeds, England who contributed money for former slaves from the Southern United States to emigrate to Liberia and to increase access to Liberia's interior.
Arthington was settled in 1869 by 79 African-American immigrants from Windsor, North Carolina. People from the U.S. states of South Carolina and Georgia also provided what later came to be known as the Americo-Liberian population of the town.
The town was once known for producing sugarcane, coffee, and ginger, and was the location of one of Liberia’s most prosperous trading companies in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20575330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575330" title="Kentucky Route 21">
Kentucky Route 21

Kentucky Route 21 (KY 21) is a west-east highway in Madison County, running from the Garrard County line near Paint Lick to Bighill, east of Berea.
It begins at KY 52 at the Garrard County line at the Paint Lick Creek Bridge. The road passes through Wallaceton and traverses over Interstate 75 in Berea, where KY 21 shortly runs along with US 25.
After US 25 breaks away and goes north toward the Blue Grass Army Depot, KY 21 continues to the east and intersects US 421 in Bighill before ending at the Jackson County line.
Route description.
KY 21 begins at an intersection with KY 52 near Paint Lick in Madison County, heading southeast as two-lane undivided Paint Lick Road. The road passes through farmland with some trees and homes, curving south before heading back to the southeast. The route continues south and then southeast through more rural areas and comes to an intersection with the eastern terminus of KY 954. Following this, KY 21 heads east into wooded areas with some fields and residences, curving to the northeast. The road heads into Berea and enters commercial areas, curving east and coming to an interchange with I-75, at which point it is five lanes wide with a center left-turn lane. Past this interchange, the route becomes Chestnut Street and becomes a four-lane divided highway, intersecting US 25.
At this point, US 25 joins KY 21 for a concurrency and the two routes pass through residential areas as a two-lane undivided road. The road passes over a CSX railroad line and heads northeast into the downtown area of Berea before it passes more homes. KY 21 splits from US 25 by heading east on Prospect Street and immediately intersects KY 595. The road runs through more residential areas with some businesses and curves to the southeast. The route becomes Big Hill Road and curves east to leave Berea, heading through farmland with some homes and crossing KY 1617. KY 21 turns to the southeast and continues east through dense forests with some fields and residences. The route continues east to US 421 in Bighill, where it turns south to form a short concurrency with that route on McKee Road before heading east on Owsley Fork Road. KY 21 passes through more farmland and woodland and winds southeast to its eastern terminus at the county line between Madison County and Jackson County.

</doc>
<doc id="20575331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575331" title="Majo (disambiguation)">
Majo (disambiguation)

A majo is a male member of the lower class of Spanish society in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Majo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20575359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575359" title="Renaldo Rapheal Christians">
Renaldo Rapheal Christians

Renaldo Rapheal Christians (born 13 February 1978 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a soccer coach who last coached with ÍBV. He recently became the first coach born in South Africa to win a football championship in Europe.
Renaldo Rapheal moved from South Africa to the American city of Worthington, Ohio in 1986. After graduating from the Worthington Christian High School he studied philosophy at the Ohio State University.
Soon after being named as being one of the best new goalkeepers Renaldo's career ended earlier than expected. A life threatening injury in a match forced Renaldo into retirement and into coaching. Beginning with a top European club PSV Eindhoven he would quickly become one of the top youth coaches in America. After some early work with the Coerver Method academies he then became a Director of Coaching with Eurotech soccer programs. He has also worked with 3 American state high school championship teams and 4 club champions confirming his reputation as a top youth coach. He has also done guest coaching lectures for the English Premiership team Tottenham Hotspurs youth academy as well as work with Major League Soccer team Columbus Crew
Renaldo has coached in Southern African, United States as well as Europe. He holds qualifications from the United States Soccer Federation and UEFA.
Turning his attention to humanitarian work he took a role with international charities like Ambassadors in Sport, Athletes in Action, and World Vision. He has also partnered with Grassroots Soccer which was founded by the winner of American television show Survivor, Ethan Zhon. Renaldo has recently done football training workshops in one of he most dangerous prisons, Pollsmoor Prison.
He continues to work on projects that combine his experience with football and humanitarian aid organizations/NGO's.. He has accomplished this by holding the position of board chairmen of International Sporting Network.
Renaldo is married with four children and currently resides in United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20575366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575366" title="List of Christian religious houses in Saxony">
List of Christian religious houses in Saxony

This is an incomplete list of Christian religious houses in Saxony in Germany, extant and non-extant, and including houses of both men and women. Most religious houses in Saxony were suppressed during the Reformation in the 16th century, but some survived. A small number also survived the Communist period of the DDR, including the Cistercian nunnery of St. Marienthal Abbey in Ostritz founded in 1243. Since the reunification of Germany in 1990, a number of new religious communities have been established.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20575369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575369" title="Geranium platypetalum">
Geranium platypetalum

Geranium platypetalum, commonly called Broad-petaled geranium, is a herbaceous plant species in the Geraniaceae family. It is native to Iran, Turkey, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and the Russian Federation, and is cultivated as a garden subject, under a number of different cultivar names. It has blue-colored flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20575377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575377" title="Gwaebangsan (Gangwon)">
Gwaebangsan (Gangwon)

Gwaebangsan is a mountain in the city of Gangneung, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20575421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575421" title="List of iOS games">
List of iOS games

This is a list of popular games available and in development for the Apple iOS–the primary operating system of the iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad.

</doc>
<doc id="20575427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575427" title="United States presidential election in Texas, 2008">
United States presidential election in Texas, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Texas took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 34 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Texas was won by Republican nominee John McCain by an 11.8% margin of victory despite "failing to deliver written certification of their nominations" on time to appear on the ballot. Barack Obama, the Democratic Party nominee and eventual President of the United States, made a similar error.
Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. This is because although the state is very diverse and has a huge Latino population, Latinos in Texas - despite being fairly Democratic - make up only 20% of the electorate. Polling throughout the state showed Republican John McCain consistently and substantially leading Democrat Barack Obama. On Election Day, McCain won the state, although his margin was less than native son George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004. With its 34 electoral votes, Texas was the largest prize for McCain in 2008.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll. The final 3 polls averaged McCain leading 52% to 41%.
Fundraising.
Obama raised $20,424,500. McCain raised $17,990,153.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $9,917,565. McCain and his interest groups spent $33,983. Both campaigns visited the state twice.
Analysis.
Texas, split between the south and southwest regions, has become a consistently Republican state at all levels and is the home state of then President George W. Bush. Economically and racially diverse, Texas includes a huge swath of the Bible Belt where many voters, especially those in rural Texas, identify as born-again or evangelical Christians and therefore tend to vote Republican due to the party's opposition to abortion and gay rights. Although once part of the Solid South, the last time Texas voted for a Democratic presidential nominee was Jimmy Carter in 1976.
McCain did well throughout the state, winning the vast majority of counties by double digits. He took practically every county in Eastern Texas - large regions of which once voted Democratic. All the suburbs of the major cities voted Republican by large margins. He also dominated the Texas Panhandle (including Amarillo), the Permian Basin (including Midland and Odessa) and the South Plains (including Lubbock), three of the most conservative regions in the country. He won these three regions by margins of three-to-one--his largest margin of victory in the entire country. These areas had been among the first in Texas where the old-line conservative Democrats started splitting their tickets and voting Republican nationally; some counties in this region haven't supported a Democrat since Harry Truman in 1948. King County, a thinly populated county in the Panhandle, gave McCain 92.64% of the vote to Obama's 4.91%--McCain's biggest margin in any county in the nation.
Obama, however, did win major urban counties such as Dallas, Bexar and Harris counties-- home to the cities of Dallas, San Antonio, and Houston respectively. Dallas and Harris had been among the first areas of the state to turn Republican, largely due to an influx of Northern expatriates in the 1940s and 1950s. Neither county had supported a Democrat for president since 1964. Bexar had last gone Democratic in 1996. Liberal whites and Hispanic voters in Dallas combined with heavy turnout of African Americans in Houston, and Hispanic turnout in San Antonio helped give Obama the edge and carry these three counties. Obama also performed strongly in Travis County, which contains the state capital of Austin. Obama also carried El Paso County, which contains the city of El Paso, due in large part to heavy support by Hispanics. Obama also carried many of the Latino-majority counties in the Rio Grande Valley along the border with Mexico, which have strongly supported Democrats for decades.
During the same election, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator John Cornyn was reelected with 54.82 percent and defeated Democrat Rick Noriega who took in 42.84 percent. Libertarian Yvonne Adams Schick received the remaining 2.34 percent. Republicans also knocked off a Democratic incumbent from Texas in the U.S. House of Representatives. At the state level, however, Democrats picked up three seats in the Texas House of Representatives and one seat in the Texas Senate.
Obama improved on Kerry's performance in Texas by 5%.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried 21 of the state's 32 congressional districts, including one district held by a Democrat.
Electors.
Technically the voters of Texas cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Texas is allocated 34 electors because it has 32 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 34 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 34 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 34 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20575431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575431" title="Order of Military Merit of the Companions of Artigas">
Order of Military Merit of the Companions of Artigas

The Military Order of Merit of the Companions of Artigas, in Spanish "El Orden Militar al Mérito Tenientes de Artigas", is a military decoration of Uruguay. 
Foundation.
The order was founded in 1980 by the ruling civilian-military administration, which governed Uruguay between 1973 and 1985.
Historical reference.
The name "tenientes de Artigas" or "Companions of Artigas" honours the 19th-century freedom-fighter José Gervasio Artigas.
Classes within the order.
The order has the usual five classes of a modern order of merit.
The cross is a gilded or silver Cross pattée with a golden star in the middle. The ribbon is red with a blue and white border.

</doc>
<doc id="20575436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575436" title="Ablekuma North (Ghana parliament constituency)">
Ablekuma North (Ghana parliament constituency)

Ablekuma North is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Ablekuma North is located in the Accra Metropolis in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.
Boundaries.
The constituency is located within the Ga East District of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="20575442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575442" title="Mickey McGuire (baseball)">
Mickey McGuire (baseball)

Mickey C. McGuire (born January 18, 1941) is a retired American professional baseball player. He was a second baseman/shortstop in Major League Baseball who played for the Baltimore Orioles in the and seasons. Listed at , , McGuire batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Dayton, Ohio.
In a two-season career, McGuire was a .190 hitter (4-for-21) with two runs and two RBI in 16 games. He did not register an extra-base hit.

</doc>
<doc id="20575447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575447" title="Gyebangsan (Gangwon)">
Gyebangsan (Gangwon)

Gyebangsan is a mountain between the counties of Hongcheon and Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20575458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575458" title="Our Lady of Charity">
Our Lady of Charity

Our Lady of Charity also known as Our Lady of El Cobre is the patroness of Cuba, whose basilica named, Basílica Santuario Nacional de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad del Cobre (National Shrine Basilica of Our Lady of Charity of El Cobre) built in 1926 is situated in village El Cobre, near Santiago de Cuba, Cuba. The feast day of Our Lady of Charity is September 8.
History.
The story behind the "La Virgen de la Caridad del Cobre", began around 1612. Two Native American or Indian brothers, Rodrigo and Juan de Hoyos, and a black slave child, Juan Moreno, set out to the Bay of Nipe for salt. They are traditionally called the "three Juans". They needed the salt for the preservation the meat at the Barajagua slaughter house, which supplied the workers and inhabitants of Santiago del Prado, now known as El Cobre. While out in the bay, a storm arose, rocking their tiny boat violently with ongoing waves. Juan, the slave, was wearing a medal with the image of the Virgin Mary. The three men began to pray for her protection. Suddenly, the skies cleared, and the storm was gone. In the distance, they saw a strange object floating in the water. They rowed towards it as the waves brought it towards them. At first they mistook it for a bird, but quickly saw that it was what seemed to be a statue of a girl. At last they were able to determine that it was a statue of the Virgin Mary holding the child Jesus on her LEFT arm and holding a gold cross in her RIGHT hand. The statue was fastened to a board with an inscription saying "Yo Soy la Virgen de la Caridad" or "I am the Virgin of Charity." The statue was dressed with real cloth and the Virgin had real hair and skin of a mixed woman. Much to their surprise, the statue remained completely dry while afloat in the water.
Preserved in the General Archive of the Indies of Seville, a testimony of Juan Moreno, given in 2000, says the following:
“Having camped in the French Key, which is in the middle of the Bay of Nipe, waiting for a good time to leave for the Wabba mines, being a morning of calm seas, they left the French Keys, before daybreak. The aforementioned Juan y Rodrigo de Hoyos and myself, embarked in a canoe, headed for the Wabba mines, and far from the French Key we we saw something white above the foam of the water, which we couldn’t distinguish. As we got closer, birds and dry branches appeared. The aforementioned Indians said, 'It looks like a girl.' While they were discussing, they saw an image of Our Lady, the Holy Virgin, on top of a small wooden plank, holding the baby Jesus in her arms. On this small tablet, was written in large letters, which read , 'I am the Virgin of Charity.' Looking at her clothes, they realized that they were not wet."
Overjoyed by what they had discovered, they collected only a third of the Wabba they were supposed to collect and hurried back to Barajagua. They showed the statue to a government official, Don Francisco Sánchez de Moya, who then ordered a small chapel to be built in her honor. One night, Rodrigo went to visit they statue, but discovered that the image was gone. He organized a search party, but had no success in finding Our Lady of Charity. Then, the next morning, she was back on the altar, as if nothing had happened. This was inconceivable as the chapel had been locked. This event happened three times. The people of Barajagua came to the conclusion that she wanted to be in a different spot, so they took her to El Cobre. She was received with much joy in El Cobre, and the church there had its bells ring on her arrival. It was at this point that she became known as "Nuestra Señora de la Caridad del Cobre" or "Our Lady of Charity of El Cobre". Much to the dismay of people in El Cobre, the disappearance of the statue continued to happen.
One day, a young girl named Jabba was playing outside, pursuing butterflies and picking flowers. She went towards the mountains of the Sierra Maestra, where she came across the statue on top of a small hill. There were those who did and those who did not believe the little girl's testimony, but in the end, the Virgin was taken to the spot of her discovery, where a church was erected for her. The story circulated around the island quickly. Many feel that the Virgin purposely chose to have her sanctuary in El Cobre because it is located in Oriente; the natural beauty there is the most stunning in Cuba, with its mountains, beaches, rivers, and thick forests. It was in Oriente that the first settlement in Cuba was made, Baracoa; it was in Oriente where the slaves were set free for the first time in 1868; it was in Oriente where Cubans first began to revolt against the Spaniards.
Veneration.
At the request of the veterans of the War of Independence, Our Lady of Charity was declared the patroness of Cuba by Pope Benedict XV in 1916. Pope Paul VI raised her sanctuary to the category of Basilica in 1977.
Our Lady of Charity in other countries.
United States.
On September 8, 1961, in the third year of its existence, the Archdiocese of Miami celebrated the feast of Our Lady of Charity with 30,000 Cuban exiles at Miami Stadium. On the same day, a 16-inch replica of the statue of Our Lady of Charity was smuggled out of Cuba and arrived at the stadium.
Five years later, during the 1966 feast, the Archdiocese announced the construction of the Shrine of Our Lady of Charity. Construction was begun on the shrine, known as La Ermita de la Caridad, the following year on the shores of Biscayne Bay in the Coconut Grove section of Miami. The shrine was completed in 1973, built almost entirely with dollar bills, pennies, and other coins donated by new Cuban arrivals.
Philippines.
In the Philippines, The chapel of Our Lady of Charity was also known as Apo Caridad in Ilocano is now in Church of Our Lady of Charity of Agoo or Apo Caridad de Agoo in Agoo, La Union and the Church of Our Lady of Charity of Bantay or Apo Caridad de Bantay in Bantay, Ilocos Sur in Northern Luzon.

</doc>
<doc id="20575463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575463" title="Geranium psilostemon">
Geranium psilostemon

Geranium psilostemon, commonly called Armenian cranesbill, is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus "Geranium", Geraniaceae family. It is native to Turkey, Armenia, Azerbaijan, and the Russian Federation. It has glowing reddish purple colored flowers, with leaves tinted red in Autumn. It is cultivated as a garden subject, and a number of different cultivars exist.
The Latin specific epithet "psilostemon" means "with smooth stamens".
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20575506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575506" title="Huizenga">
Huizenga

Huizenga is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20575512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575512" title="Woodcutters of the Deep South">
Woodcutters of the Deep South

Woodcutters of the Deep South is the sixth and final feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. He made one more short film, "Arab Israeli Dialogue", released in 1974, but for the next 25 years he struggled to find support for a number of unrealized projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20575516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575516" title="Earl Francis">
Earl Francis

Earl Coleman Francis (July 14, 1935 – July 3, 2002) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1960 to 1965. He was born in Slab Fork, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20575525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575525" title="Adobe Hills">
Adobe Hills

The Adobe Hills are a low mountain range located in Mono County, Eastern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575528" title="El Mashad v. Bush">
El Mashad v. Bush

El Mashad v. Bush (Civil Action No. 2005-0270) is a writ of habeas corpus filed on behalf of several Guantanamo detainees, including Sherif el-Mashad, Adel Fattouh Aly Ahmed Algazzar and Alladeen.
Prior to 1997, Egyptian Sharif Fathi el-Mashad was living in Italy. In 1997, el-Mashad moved to Afghanistan to trade in clothing, but subsequently became involved in the ongoing Afghanistan civil war by joining "Islamic charities operating in Afghanistan." In late December 2001, U.S. forces arrested 27-year old el-Mashad as he was seeking to leave Afghanistan for neighboring Pakistan. El-Mashad's family then received a letter from the International Committee of the Red Cross informing them that el-Mashad was being held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. In December 2003, Ambassador to Egypt David Welch indicated that the Guantanamo Bay detention camp was holding no more than five Egyptians.
In June 2004, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the right of hundreds of prisoners detained without charges to challenge their detentions in U.S. courts. Subsequently, detainees Sharif el-Mashad, Ayman Matrafi, Fadel Reda el-Wakili, Adel Fathi Ali, el-Gazzar and Ahmed Habib at the U.S. Naval base in Guantanamo, Cuba were categorized among the "least dangerous" detainees at the prison. Each had Egyptian nationality, with Ahmed Habib additionally having Australian nationality. In August 2004, the Egyptian human rights group Human Rights Association for Assistance to Prisoners (HRAAP) requested that Ambassador Welch provide "the truth on the fate of Sharif Fathi el-Mashad and the precise reasons for his continued detention" and to allow HRAAP's lawyers to visit the detainee. In November of that same year, Egypt asked the United States to return these five Egyptian detainees to Egypt.
In June 2006, the United States Department of Defense reported that three captives died in custody. The Department of Defense stated the three men committed suicide. At that time, lawyer-client communications between detainees and their counsel were governed by a protective order that sought to balance attorney access to their detainee clients with an eye to protecting national security interests.
Camp authorities called the deaths "an act of asymmetric warfare", and suspected plans had been coordinated by the captive's attorneys — so they seized all the captives' documents, including the captives' copies of their habeas documents. The Department of Justice reported the seizure of the habeas documents.
The Military Commissions Act of 2006 mandated that Guantanamo captives were no longer entitled to access the US civil justice system, so all outstanding habeas corpus petitions were stayed. In July 2008, the United States Supreme Court ruled, in Boumediene v. Bush, that the Military Commissions Act could not remove the right for Guantanamo captives to access the US Federal Court system. And all previous Guantanamo captives' habeas petitions were eligible to be re-instated.
The judges considering the captives' habeas petitions would be considering whether the evidence used to compile the allegations the men and boys were enemy combatants justified a classification of "enemy combatant".
On 9 September 2008, Zachary Katznelson filed a ""Notice of Joinder in Petitioners' Response to Respondents' Request for Relief from Scheduling Order"" with regard to Mohammed Abdulmalik in Civil Action No. 05-cv-764, 05-cv-1504, 05-cv-2349, 05-cv-748, 04-cv-2215, 05-1457, 05-cv-270, 08-cv-1440, 05-cv-2386 (CKK, RMC, GK, JR, RBW).
Katznelson wrote:
On 12 September 2008, Zachary Katznelson filed a ""Memorandum of Understanding Regarding Access to Classified National Security Information"" in Civil Action No. 05-cv-764, 05-cv-1504, 05-cv-2349, 05-cv-748, 04-cv-2215, 05-1457, 05-cv-270, 08-cv-1440, 05-cv-2386 (CKK, RMC, GK, JR, RBW).

</doc>
<doc id="20575533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575533" title="Arley Dinas">
Arley Dinas

José Arley Dinas Rodríguez, or simply known as Arley Dinas (born May 16, 1974 in Caloto, Colombia) is a former Colombian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20575534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575534" title="Ben Myron">
Ben Myron

Ben Myron is a film producer. His sixteen credits range from low-budget independent films ("One False Move", "Signal 7") to big-budget studio films ("Cheaper By The Dozen", "Cheaper by the Dozen 2").
Career.
Ben Myron is an American film producer. He began his career in the film industry as an exhibitor. He owned and operated a 14-screen chain of theatres in the San Francisco Bay Area from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s.
1980s.
In 1985, he produced Rob Nilsson's landmark independent film, "Signal 7", which premiered at that year's Telluride Film Festival. The film was the first feature shot on video and successfully transferred to 35 mm. Francis Ford Coppola executive-produced the film. In 1987, he produced "Checking Out", a comedy directed by David Leland ("Wish You Were Here"), starring Jeff Daniels. Warner Bros. released it in 1988. In 1989, Myron and director Roland Joffe started a production company called Lightmotive. Myron was president until early 1992. Films made during Myron's tenure include "City Of Joy", "Super Mario Brothers", and "The Education Of Little Tree".
1990s.
In 1992, Myron produced "One False Move", directed by Carl Franklin and written by Myron’s friend, Billy Bob Thornton. Both Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel named the film the Best Film Of The Year. In 1999, "One False Move" was chosen by the "N. Y. Times" as One Of The Best 1000 Movies Ever Made. He left Lightmotive in 1992 to oversee the release of "One False Move" and to return to producing. Myron’s next project was the infamous "Showgirls", written by Joe Eszterhas and directed by Paul Verhoeven, the team responsible for "Basic Instinct". He next produced "Telling Lies In America", starring Kevin Bacon, Calista Flockhart, and Brad Renfro in 1996. The picture premiered at the N. Y. Film Festival and was released in September 1997. In 1996, he also executive-produced Universal's "Leave It To Beaver", which was released in the fall of 1997.
In 1997, Myron produced Mike Figgis’ "One Night Stand", starring Wesley Snipes, which was released in November, 1997; Disney’s "Mr. Magoo", which was released Christmas of 1997, and "Burn Hollywood Burn", starring Whoopi Goldberg, Sylvester Stallone and Jackie Chan, which was released in January, 1998. During the same year, Myron also executive produced "Barney's Great Adventure", the famous purple dinosaur’s only feature, which Polygram released in April 1998. Also in 1997 "Variety" named Myron one of Five Most Prolific Producers of the Year. In 1998, he produced "The Mod Squad", starring Claire Danes and Omar Epps, for MGM, which was released in March 1999. Later that year, he executive-produced "Hefner", an MOW for the USA Channel.
2000s.
Myron next produced "Waking Up In Reno", which was released by Miramax in October, 2002. The picture stars Billy Bob Thornton, Charlize Theron, Natasha Richardson and Patrick Swayze. The same year, he also produced the award-winning instructional program, "Baby & Child CPR". He then produced "Keep Your Eyes Open", a non-fiction film on extreme sports, directed by Tamra Davis, and starring the world’s top alternative sports athletes. Artisan released the film in August 2003. In 2003, Myron produced the hit family film, "Cheaper By The Dozen", starring Steve Martin. Twentieth Century Fox released the film on Christmas Day, 2003. He then produced the sequel, "Cheaper By The Dozen 2", which was released in 2005.
2010s.
Projects in development include, "Hell’s Angel", based on Hells Angels’ founder, Sonny Barger’s autobiography, to be directed by Tony Scott for Twentieth Century Fox.

</doc>
<doc id="20575536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575536" title="Reliability (semiconductor)">
Reliability (semiconductor)

Reliability of semiconductor devices can be summarized as follows:
Design factors affecting semiconductor reliability include: voltage derating, power derating, current derating, metastability, logic timing margins (logic simulation), timing analysis, temperature derating, and process control.
Methods of improvement.
Reliability of semiconductors is kept high through several methods. Cleanrooms control impurities,
process control controls processing, and burn-in (short term operation at extremes) and probe and test reduce escapes. Probe (wafer prober) tests the semiconductor die, prior to packaging, via micro-probes connected to test equipment. Wafer testing tests the packaged device, often pre-, and post burn-in for a set of parameters that assure operation. Process and design weaknesses are identified by applying a set of stress tests in the qualification phase of the semiconductors before their market introduction e. g. according to the AEC Q100 and Q101 stress qualifications.
Failure mechanisms.
Failure mechanisms of electronic semiconductor devices fall in the following categories

</doc>
<doc id="20575543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575543" title="Alexander Hills">
Alexander Hills

The Alexander Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert near Death Valley, in northern San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575548" title="Levač">
Levač

Levač or Levach () is a region in Central Serbia. It is located between Juhor mountain on east and Gledićke planine on west.
The area is around 366 km2. Levač comprises 32 villages and one town called Rekovac:
Bare<br>
Belušić<br>
Beočić<br>
Bogalinac<br>
Brajnovac<br>
Cikot<br>
Dulene<br>
Dobroselica<br>
Dragovo<br>
Kalenić<br>
Kaludra<br>
Kavadar<br>
Komarane<br>
Lepojević<br>
Loćika<br>
Lomnica<br>
Maleševo<br>
Motrić<br>
Nadrlje<br>
Oparić<br>
Prevešt<br>
Rabenovac<br>
Ratković<br>
Rekovac<br>
Sekurič<br>
Sibnica<br>
Siljevica<br>
Šljivica<br>
Tečić<br>
Ursule<br>
Vukmanovac<br>
Velika Kruševica<br>
Županjevac

</doc>
<doc id="20575559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575559" title="Alvord Mountain">
Alvord Mountain

Alvord Mountain is a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575565" title="Scarred for Life (Rose Tattoo album)">
Scarred for Life (Rose Tattoo album)

Scarred For Life is the third album by Australian hard rock band Rose Tattoo. "Scarred For Life" launched Rose Tattoo to international success with the rock anthem "We Can't Be Beaten." A video was filmed for the ditty "Branded."

</doc>
<doc id="20575573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575573" title="Amedee Mountains">
Amedee Mountains

The Amedee Mountains are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575577" title="Jakarta–Serpong Toll Road">
Jakarta–Serpong Toll Road

Jakarta-Serpong toll road is a toll road connecting BSD City and Jakarta. The length of the toll road is 13.5 Kilometres (8.4 miles). The toll road was built by Indonesia's largest toll road company, PT. Jasamarga Tbk.
It is divided into two parts which operated now and other parts planned. The first part is from Ulujami to Pondok Ranji which is owned and operated by PT Jasamarga Tbk, whereas the second part lies from Pondok Ranji to Serpong. This part is owned by PT Bintaro Serpong Damai (BSD) but operated by PT Jasamarga (Persero) Tbk. From Ulujami to Serpong, there are 3 exits, the first being the main Pondok Ranji toll gate, the second being East BSD, and last being Serpong. From Serpong to Ulujami, 3 exits are available. First is East BSD, second is West Pondok Ranji Toll Gate, the last is Bintaro sector 3. The another part of this highway will be built soon. The third part is from Rawabuntu to Malang Nengah, whereas the fourth part lies from Malang Nengah to Citra Raya and the fifth part lies from Citra Raya to Pasar Kemis. From Pasar Kemis, the toll road will continue until Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, passing Sepatan & Teluk Naga.
On April 19, 2012 afternoon till night, the BSD toll road around Pondok Ranji was flooded with 80 centimeters of water from the Deker River. This caused a heavy traffic jam until the flood receded.
Fee.
Fees are charged in Rupiah as regulated by Minister of Public Work Act No. 514/KPTS/M/2009 31 August 2009 in the table shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="20575587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575587" title="Antelope Hills, California">
Antelope Hills, California

The Antelope Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in western Kern County, California. In 1910 Arnold and Johnson from the United States Geological Survey proposed the name "Antelope Hills" for "the group of low hills are a range for the few wild antelope left in this region."

</doc>
<doc id="20575595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575595" title="Pamela McGee">
Pamela McGee

Pamela McGee (born December 1, 1962) is an American retired professional women's basketball player and assistant coach. At age 34, Pamela was the second overall pick in the 1997 WNBA Draft. She played in the league for two seasons with the Sacramento Monarchs and Los Angeles Sparks.
McGee grew up in Flint, Michigan, where she attended Flint Southwestern Academy before graduating from Flint Northern High School.
Pamela won back-to-back NCAA Championships as an All-American at the University of Southern California, where she was a teammate of twin sister Paula, and Cynthia Cooper and Cheryl Miller. In 1984, she won Olympic gold in Los Angeles before embarking on a professional career that included stints in Brazil, France, Italy and Spain.
Personal.
McGee has two children; a daughter, Imani, and a son, JaVale. Imani plays basketball for the University of Texas at Austin. Javale McGee plays with the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. She is the first WNBA player to have a child play in the NBA. In 2000, she was inducted into the Greater Flint Afro-American Hall of Fame. She lives in Inglewood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575603" title="Doug McFarland">
Doug McFarland

Douglas Dale McFarland (born July 18, 1946) is a college professor at Hamline University and is a Minnesota politician.
Biography and Titles.
He was born in Minnesota and received a B.A. from Macalester College, a J.D. from New York University School of Law, and a Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota. Before coming to Hamline, Dr. McFarland was an attorney at the Minneapolis-based law firm of Dorsey & Whitney, practicing in the areas of corporate law and litigation. He was Administrative Assistant to Chief Justice Warren E. Burger, in the Supreme Court of the United States, and a Tom C. Clark Judicial Fellow at the Court. He is a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the Federalist Society. Dr. McFarland was Associate Dean for Teaching and Scholarship from 2002–05, and has been Admissions Chair, Curriculum Chair, Development Task Force Chair, Faculty Appointments Chair, and Promotion and Tenure Chair.
Politics.
McFarland ran for David Durenberger's Minnesota U.S. Senate seat in 1994. He dropped out of the Senate race after endorsing Allen Quist for Governor on May 17, 1994 and cast his support for Bert McKasy. Afterwards, he became Quist's running mate and garnered some votes in the race for Minnesota Attorney General in the 1997 convention.

</doc>
<doc id="20575621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575621" title="Bruce Murray (sportsman)">
Bruce Murray (sportsman)

William Walter Bruce Murray (born 4 September 1929 in Mildura) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1950s and also a former first-class cricketer for Victoria.
Murray was a regular in the South Melbourne team for the 1951 and 1952 VFL seasons and received three Brownlow votes in the latter. In 1953 he struggled to keep his spot in the side and after managing just one senior game the following year, left the club and turned to cricket.
While handy with the bat, Murray was primarily a right-arm medium pace bowler and made four first-class appearances in the Sheffield Shield with Victoria, for a return of nine wickets at 36.88. All his matches came in the 1957/58 competition and in one, against Western Australia, he dismissed Test cricketers Ken Meuleman and Barry Shepherd. Murray was also a prolific all-rounder for the Prahran Cricket Club, for whom he scored over 5000 runs and took a record 426 wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="20575659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575659" title="Leo Marentette">
Leo Marentette

Leo John Marentette (born February 18, 1941, at Detroit, Michigan) is a retired American professional baseball player, a former relief pitcher in the Major Leagues who played for the Detroit Tigers () and the Montréal Expos (). Listed at , , Marentette batted and threw right-handed. 
In a two-season career, Marentette posted a 6.75 ERA in five pitching appearances, giving up four runs on 10 hits and two walks while striking out one in 8⅓ innings of work. He did not have a decision or save. He pitched three scoreless innings for the Tigers in September 1965. Then, in 1969, Marentette was recalled from Triple-A to pitch for the Expos during the expansion team's maiden season. He appeared in three games during the Expos' June California road trip, one against each of the three teams based there, and gave up four earned runs in 5⅓ innings. He left baseball after the 1970 season. He won 74 games during an 11-season minor league career.

</doc>
<doc id="20575665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575665" title="Arica Mountains">
Arica Mountains

The Arica Mountains are a small mountain range in northern Riverside County, California. The range lies along the south edge of Rice Valley southwest of the old Rice townsite on California State Route 62. They lie north of the Little Maria Mountains and southwest of the Turtle Mountains. The Granite Mountains lie about 8 miles to the west. They are in the Colorado Desert, in the Lower Colorado River Valley region. They are north the Palen Mountains and Big Maria Mountains; and northwest of Blythe, California.
Palen/McCoy Wilderness Area.
The southwest portion of the Arica Mountains lies within the Palen/McCoy Wilderness Area. managed by the Bureau of Land Management.
Within the Palen-McCoy Wilderness are the Arica, Granite, Palen, Little Maria, and McCoy Mountains, which are five distinct mountain ranges separated by broad sloping alluvial fans-bajadas. Because this large area incorporates so many major geological features, the diversity of vegetation and landforms is exceptional. The desert wash woodland found here provides food and cover for burro deer, coyote, bobcat, gray fox, and mountain lion. Desert pavement, bajadas, interior valleys, canyons, dense ironwood forests, canyons and rugged peaks form a constantly changing landscape pattern.

</doc>
<doc id="20575674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575674" title="To Parelthon Mou">
To Parelthon Mou

"To Parelthon Mou" (My Past) is a song by Anna Vissi, and the main theme song from the Greek film "Bank Bang". "To Parelthon Mou", Vissi's first new song since 2006, was released in the end of October 2008 to radios and as a digital download, and in November on the official soundtrack. It is included as a bonus song on Vissi's 2008 album "Apagorevmeno".
Song information.
"To Parelthon Mou", was released officially on October 29, 2008 simultaneously to all radio stations in Greece and Cyprus along with its music video to MAD TV. Composed by Giannis Kifonidis, with lyrics by Giorgos Mitsigkas, "To Parelthon Mou" is the theme song to a Greek film "Bank Bang" which was released in December. The song was released as a digital download on October 29, 2008 while the soundtrack for the film was released in mid-November. The song is also included as a bonus track on Vissi's album "Apagorevmeno".
Music video.
The music video for the song was filmed on October 22, 2008 at the Mall Athens, and features scenes from the movie, while cutting away to Vissi.
Charts.
The song reached number one on the official Greek Singles Chart by Billboard in its first week of release. It remained in the Top 10 for 7 consecutive weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20575685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575685" title="Baikal Airlines Flight 130">
Baikal Airlines Flight 130

Baikal Airlines Flight 130 was a scheduled passenger route from Irkutsk to Moscow that crashed on January 3, 1994 killing all 124 people on board and one at ground.
Accident.
On 3 January 1994, a Baikal Airlines Tupolev Tu-154 that took off from Irkutsk crashed after the crew ignored cockpit indicator warnings. 124 people died.
When starting the #2 engine, the crew noticed a warning light signaling dangerous rotation of the starter. The crew believed this was a false warning and decided to take off. During initial climb, the starter failed, causing a fire in the #2 engine. The fire damaged all three hydraulic lines in the tail section of the aircraft. With all control surfaces disabled, the plane became uncontrollable, and eventually crashed near Mamony town. 125 people on board and 1 man on the ground were killed.
External links.
Aviation Safety accident profile

</doc>
<doc id="20575690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575690" title="Golzar, Kabul">
Golzar, Kabul

Golzar (also Gulzar) is a village in Kabul Province, Afghanistan. It is located at at 1840m altitude.

</doc>
<doc id="20575705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575705" title="Pseudanthias bartlettorum">
Pseudanthias bartlettorum

Pseudanthias bartlettorum is a species of fish in the Serranidae, the grouper family. It occurs in the Pacific Ocean. 
This fish is sometimes kept in aquaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20575709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575709" title="Bacon Hills">
Bacon Hills

The Bacon Hills are a mountain range in Kern County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575733" title="Pseudanthias bicolor">
Pseudanthias bicolor

Pseudanthias bicolor is a Pseudanthias fish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 13 cm in length.
Habitat.
The bicolor anthias likes waters 10–70 meters deep. Water temperatures are good between 79-86 degrees Fahrenheit. it likes light but not too much of it.

</doc>
<doc id="20575735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575735" title="Bald Hills (Humboldt County)">
Bald Hills (Humboldt County)

The Bald Hills are a range of mountains, in Humboldt County, California. The Bald Hills lie south of the Klamath and Trinity Rivers, between those rivers and Redwood Creek. The valleys at their feet and their lower slopes are covered by redwood forests but their summits are "bald", lacking woodland and instead are covered by meadows. 
These hills gave their name to the Bald Hills War fought between the local Indian tribes among these hills and the forces of local settler militia, California State Milita and California Volunteers and United States Army from 1858 to 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="20575749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575749" title="Bald Hills (Lassen County)">
Bald Hills (Lassen County)

The Bald Hills are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575760" title="For Eternal Hearts">
For Eternal Hearts

For Eternal Hearts () is a 2007 South Korean film.
Plot.
College professor Su-young recounts to his class the tale of his first love. As a student in the 1980s, he meets a wild and eccentric girl who he names "Pippi", and is crushed when she later jumps to her death from a window. But soon after she magically reappears, and his life becomes increasingly surreal and bizarre.
Release.
"For Eternal Hearts" premiered as the opening film of the 11th Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival, held from July 12–21, 2007. From August 9, 2007 it was given a limited theatrical release in South Korea at independent theatre chain Spongehouse, where it received a total of 6,724 admissions nationwide and grossed (as of September 16, 2007) . The film was later invited to the "Winds of Asia" category of the Tokyo International Film Festival, which opened on October 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20575764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575764" title="Golzar, Kandahar">
Golzar, Kandahar

Golzar (also Gulzar) is a village in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan. It is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="20575768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575768" title="Judi Moen">
Judi Moen

Judith Moen Stanley (born November 28, 1954), known professionally as Judi Moen and Judith Moen, was a former talk show host and news reporter for WBBM-TV in Chicago from 1981 until 1994 and a program host for the Travel Channel in the 1990s.
Early life and education.
A Minnesota native, Moen attended Ridgewater College in Minnesota and earned a master's degree in journalism in 1978 from Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism.
Professional career.
Moen began her broadcasting career working for TV stations in Rockford, Illinois and Charleston, South Carolina. In 1981, Moen joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as the host of the weekday morning public-affairs program "Daybreak". Moen also co-hosted the public-affairs program "Two on 2" along with Bob Wallace and later with Aldo Gandia until the program was canceled in 1988. After "Two on 2" was canceled, Moen stayed at WBBM until 1993, working as a fill-in general assignment news reporter and also hosting local weekday morning news cut-ins and a weekend talk show titled "Newday Chicago."
Moen left WBBM-TV in 1990 to care for her family, but returned in late 1991 as a part-time and weekend reporter. She left the station for a second time in 1994.
Moen moved to WTKR-TV in Norfolk, Virginia in the mid-1990s, and also worked for the Travel Channel, hosting a series on romantic inns.
Today, Moen and her husband, Thomas B. Stanley III, live in the Atlanta area and advocates on behalf of people with disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20575789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575789" title="Windsor High School (Connecticut)">
Windsor High School (Connecticut)

Windsor High School is a public high school located in Windsor, Connecticut. This school serves students from 9th through 12th from the City Of Windsor, which is part of the Hartford County.
Demographics.
2009 Student Enrollment: about 1500
White Enrollment (%): 38.7%<br>
State average from 1107 schools: 65.1% 
Black Enrollment (%): 48.9%<br>
State average from 1107 schools: 15.5% 
Hispanic Enrollment (%): 8.5%<br>
Windsor High School: 8.5% <br>
State average from 1107 schools: 15.6% 
Asian Enrollment (%): 3.9%<br>
This school: 3.9% <br>
State average from 1107 schools: 3.4% 
American Indian Enrollment (%): 0.09%<br>
Windsor High School: 0.09% <br>
State average from 1107 schools: 0.39%
Athletics.
Windsor High School is part of the Class LL division for athletics. It is also part of the CCC-North division. Sports available inlclude: Cross-country (women, men), swimming (women, men), football (men), soccer (women, men), volleyball (women), cheerleading (women, men), wrestling (women, men), track (women, men), lacrosse(women, men), field hockey (women) and tennis(women,men). 

</doc>
<doc id="20575793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575793" title="Bald Mountain Range">
Bald Mountain Range

The Bald Mountain Range is a mountain range in Sierra County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20575795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575795" title="Golzar">
Golzar

Golzar or Gol Zar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20575804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575804" title="Pseudanthias cooperi">
Pseudanthias cooperi

Pseudanthias cooperi is a Pseudanthias fish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20575810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575810" title="Dunham River">
Dunham River

Dunham River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
The river rises between the Durack Range and the O'Donnell Range then flows north-west parallel with the Great Northern Highway to the east and the Bedford Stock Route to the west. The river then crosses the Great Northern Highway near Cabbage Tree Creek and continues north-west crossing the Victoria Highway and discharging into the Ord River west of Kununurra.
There are five tributaries of the Dunham; Cabbage Tree Creek, Pelican Creek, Macphee Creek, Rabbit Creek and Pumpkin Lookout Creek.
The river flows through one permanent waterhole, Flying Fox waterhole, toward the end of its journey.
The river is prone to flooding during rain events. In March 2000, the peak flow of the river was estimated at 2700 m3 s-1 during floods.
The river was named in 1882 by explorer and Kimberley pioneer Michael Durack after the clergyman, Reverend Father Dunham of Brisbane, who in 1871 was the first Reverend to visit Cooper Creek in outback Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="20575811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575811" title="The Brothers (1980 TV series)">
The Brothers (1980 TV series)

The Brothers (親情) is a TVB television series which premiered on 21 April 1980. The show's theme song "The Brothers" (親情), was composed and arranged by Joseph Koo, with Wong Jim, writing the lyrics. It was originally sung by Cantopop singer, Roman Tam.

</doc>
<doc id="20575815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575815" title="Pseudanthias parvirostris">
Pseudanthias parvirostris

Pseudanthias parvirostris is a Pseudanthias fish from the Indo-West Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 7.5cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20575820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575820" title="R.J. Corman Railroad Group">
R.J. Corman Railroad Group

R.J. Corman Railroad Group, LLC is a privately held railroad holding company. It was owned by Richard J. Corman, who established the company in 1973, and ran it until his death on August 23, 2013. The company offers railroad services, as well as aviation and warehousing services throughout the United States. The company owns short-line railroad lines in seven states (Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, and West Virginia).
History.
R.J. Corman Railroad Group was founded in 1973 by Richard J. Corman. R.J. Corman's passenger train depot was built in 1860, and is located in Bardstown, Kentucky. By 1953, the depot shut down due to the end of the passenger train era. In 1992, the depot was refurnished for the R.J. Corman dinner trains and reopened, and once again serves many passenger trains each year. Some of R.J. Corman's lines have undergone major rehabilitation with the help of local and state governments. R.J. Corman began its operations on the original lines in Kentucky, Tennessee, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania in 1987, and acquired/rehabilitated many lines in the 1990s. They've reopened many Railbanked lines, and in Pennsylvania, they began an attempt in 2008 to reopen a fully abandoned non-railbanked corridor, though no decision has yet been made. It is to serve a new industrial park, landfill, and quarry. R.J. Corman Railroad Group announced on June 18, 2009, that it had acquired the assets of Railpower Technologies Corp, and its U.S. subsidiary, Railpower Hybrid Technologies.
Lines Owned.
R.J. Corman operates the following subsidiaries:
Until his death, Richard Corman also owned R.J. Corman Railroad Property and a controlling interest in the Clearfield and Mahoning Railway, both non-operating subsidiaries.
Services and operations.
In addition to operating rail lines, R.J. Corman has offered services to the rail industry including construction and maintenance, derailment services & cleanup across the United States, distribution centers, and train loading facilities, as well as aviation services including aircraft maintenance, including its own private airport, Lucas Field, at its headquarters in Nicholasville, Kentucky. R.J. Corman also operates The My Old Kentucky Dinner Train which includes a monthly murder mystery train, as well as special holiday trains such as the North Pole Express, a Christmas themed train and the Wizard express, a Halloween themed train, which are geared more towards young kids. This passenger train operate on the Bardstown Line in Kentucky.
Aviation Maintenance.
R.J. Corman Group provides FAA certified aircraft maintenance and repair from three locations. They also operate two planes, and two helicopters. The aviation division is based at the companies private airport, Lucas Field.
Track Construction and Maintenance.
R.J. Corman Railroad Group builds, operates and maintains train track. The company also operates shortlines, servicing factories, plants, etc.
R. J. Corman Railpower Locomotives.
R. J. Corman Railpower Locomotives division offers Railpower GenSet Locomotives. They are low to medium horsepower locomotives that serve both yard and switching functions.

</doc>
<doc id="20575823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575823" title="Koichi Oita">
Koichi Oita


</doc>
<doc id="20575825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575825" title="Pseudanthias heemstrai">
Pseudanthias heemstrai

Pseudanthias heemstrai is a Pseudanthias fish from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 13cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20575830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575830" title="Al Joudi v. Bush">
Al Joudi v. Bush

Al Joudi v. Bush
(Civil Action No. 05-cv-301) is a writ of habeas corpus filed on behalf of several Guantanamo detainees, including: Majid Abdulla Al Joudi, Yousif Mohammad Mubarak Al-Shehri, Abdulla Mohammad Al Ghanmi and Abdul-Hakim Abdul-Rahman Al-Moosa, before US District Court Judge Gladys Kessler. It was one of over 200 habeas corpus petitions filed on behalf of detainees held in the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba.
Lead Counsel.
In January 2007 the Center for Constitution Rights published a list of the counsels of the "lead petitioners" in the captives various habeas petitions.
The list records Martin Flumenbaum and Tarver Julia Mason of PAUL WEISS RIFKIND WHARTON & GARRISON LLP as the counsel to the lead petitioner on this petition.
Seizure of privileged lawyer-client documents.
On June 10, 2006 the Department of Defense reported that three captives died in custody.
The Department of Defense stated that the three men committed suicide.
Camp authorities called the deaths "an act of asymmetric warfare", and suspected plans had been coordinated by the captive's attorneys—so they seized all the captives' documents, including the captives' copies of their habeas documents.
Since the habeas documents were privileged lawyer-client communication the 
Department of Justice was compelled to file documents about the document seizures.
Majid Abdulla Al Joudi and Abdulla Mohammad Al Ghanmi's papers were seized.
Military Commissions Act.
The Military Commissions Act of 2006 mandated that Guantanamo captives were no longer entitled to access the US civil justice system, so all outstanding habeas corpus petitions were stayed.
Boumediene v. Bush.
On June 12, 2008 the United States Supreme Court ruled, in Boumediene v. Bush, that the Military Commissions Act could not remove the right for Guantanamo captives to access the US Federal Court system. And all previous Guantanamo captives' habeas petitions were eligible to be re-instated.
The judges considering the captives' habeas petitions would be considering whether the evidence used to compile the allegations the men and boys were enemy combatants justified a classification of "enemy combatant".
Repatriated captives seeking relief.
On 17 April 2007 the United States Department of Justice moved to dismiss several hundred habeas petitions because the captives had been set free, repatriated, or died in custody.
Majid Abdulla Al Joudi and Abdulla Mohammad Al Ghanmi were among those the DoJ requested to be dismissed.
US District Court Judge Thomas F. Hogan list this petition as one where former captives were entitled to seek relief for their detention.

</doc>
<doc id="20575844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575844" title="Richard J. Corman">
Richard J. Corman

Richard Jay Corman (born July 22, 1955 in Nicholasville, Kentucky, died August 23, 2013 in Nicholasville) was the founder and owner of R.J. Corman Railroad Group, a Nicholasville, Kentucky-based railroad holding company. He founded the railroad company and ran it until his death. 
Early life.
Corman, the son of a state highway worker, grew up in a home not far from his company's future headquarters in Nicholasville. He first went into business at age 11, when his paternal grandfather made him a 25% partner in a business hauling cattle, goods, and junk. According to a 2011 profile in "Fortune", "high school utterly bored him"; he missed 105 of 173 possible school days during his senior year but still graduated in 1973. His senior year was also eventful for his first marriage, which ended when his wife turned out not to be pregnant.
Business career.
Corman entered into the business world full-time straight out of high school. He had spent the time he missed in school learning the excavation business from an uncle, and rented a backhoe and dump truck to start his first full-time business. The truck was red, which became his company's signature color. He entered the railroad business peripherally at first, repairing crossings for the old L&N Railroad and soon developing a reputation for fast and thorough work. Within a few years, another opportunity came when friends in the rail industry asked his company to step in and take over derailment work after a Columbus, Ohio company that had done this work left the city. At Corman's death, his company was one of only two in the U.S. that offered around-the-clock emergency cleanup services for railroads. In 2011, BNSF Railway CEO Matt Rose said about Corman, "He's kind of like an oilfield firefighter. He's the Red Adair of the railroad industry."
While Corman was building his businesses, the rail industry was undergoing a period of major change that began with the 1980 passage of the Staggers Rail Act that extensively deregulated the industry. According to Corman's obituary in the "Lexington Herald-Leader",Larger railroads began to get rid of small stretches of unprofitable rail line. They also began to farm out maintenance, construction, derailment cleanups and other costly jobs to specialized, and often non-union, organizations like Mr. Corman's.
The first line that Corman purchased was a 20-mile short line in the Bardstown, Kentucky area, bought from the L&N Railroad in 1987. A year later, he began operating My Old Kentucky Dinner Train, using a car that had been part of the funeral procession for Dwight Eisenhower in 1969. Corman's company acquired more short lines over time, and was operating over 600 miles of track when Corman died. His company continued to do disaster work for railroads, notably playing a major role in the restoration of rail service to the region impacted by Hurricane Katrina.
Although Corman technically retired in 1997 following his third divorce, he remained intimately involved in his company's day-to-day affairs for the rest of his life. Corman also spent his final years planning for the company's future after his death. While he had received many purchase offers, he refused them all out of loyalty to his employees.
Personal life.
Corman was married three times in all, and had five children. His two oldest, a daughter and a son, bear his name, but were born to a woman he never married. The three youngest, a son and two daughters, are from his third marriage. He spent the last 11 years of his life in a relationship with Tammie Taylor, an executive in his company.
He was also a significant University of Kentucky sports booster. In his final years, Corman became a close friend of UK men's basketball head coach John Calipari, who came to call him "a brother". Corman first met Calipari in 2009, when he sent one of his private jets to take Calipari and his wife from Memphis to Calipari's introductory press conference in Lexington. Shortly after Corman's death, Calipari recalled that they spent almost the entire flight "talking about anything other than basketball" once Corman made it clear he knew virtually nothing about the sport. Corman occasionally attended UK practices; Calipari noted that Corman was the only person he ever allowed into a UK practice wearing a red shirt, the color of UK's archrival, the University of Louisville. Corman's support was not limited to the men's basketball team; he also used a personal jet to deliver Mark Stoops to Lexington for his 2012 introduction as UK's new football head coach.
As a tribute to Corman, Calipari announced that he would wear red for at least one home game in the 2013–14 season.
Illness and death.
Corman was diagnosed with multiple myeloma in 2001, after feeling excruciating back pain while running in Amsterdam. He entrusted much of his care to Kathleen Martin, a Lexington gastroenterologist whom he had previously dated, and the two then set on a journey that eventually led to the Dana–Farber Cancer Institute in Boston. When they arrived at Dana–Farber, the institute's lead myeloma researcher told him, "If you come here, we will do everything possible to see that you grow old gracefully and die of something other than multiple myeloma." For the rest of his life, Corman contributed heavily to Dana–Farber, and also set up a trust to run his company following his death that reportedly had the institute as a beneficiary. 
He had two bone marrow transplants as part of his treatment, the first in 2001 and the second in 2008. The cancer returned again in 2011; after a final turn for the worse in 2013, Corman died on August 23 at his home in Nicholasville.

</doc>
<doc id="20575856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575856" title="Five Easy Pieces (1980 TV series)">
Five Easy Pieces (1980 TV series)

Five Easy Pieces (輪流傳) is a TVB television series, premiered on 4 August 1980. Theme song "Five Easy Pieces" (輪流傳) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Adam Cheng.

</doc>
<doc id="20575860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575860" title="Pseudanthias rubrizonatus">
Pseudanthias rubrizonatus

Pseudanthias rubrizonatus is a Pseudanthias fish from the Western Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20575884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575884" title="Golzar Kalay">
Golzar Kalay

Golzar Kalay (also Gulzar Kalay) is a village of Zabul Province, Afghanistan. It is located at with an altitude of 2451m.

</doc>
<doc id="20575906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575906" title="Baldwin Hills (mountain range)">
Baldwin Hills (mountain range)

The Baldwin Hills are a low mountain range surrounded by and rising above the Los Angeles Basin plain in central Los Angeles County, California. The Pacific Ocean is to the west, the Santa Monica Mountains to the north, Downtown Los Angeles to the northeast, and the Palos Verdes Hills to the south - with all easily viewed from the Baldwin Hills.
Geography.
The headwaters of Ballona Creek are in the hills, which then flows west into the Santa Monica Bay. La Cienega Boulevard goes through a pass in the hills between the Westside and the Southwestern area towns and LAX. It passes the oil wells of the Blair Hills Oil field in the southern Baldwin Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20575944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575944" title="Bepin Behari Ganguly Street">
Bepin Behari Ganguly Street

Bepin Behari Ganguly Street, or B.B. Ganguly Street, often known as Bow Bazar Street or Bowbazar Street is an east-west road in central Kolkata, capital of the Indian state of West Bengal.
Stretch.
B.B Ganguly Street runs from the Sealdah station (one of the two principal rail stations in the city) in the eastern limit to B.B.D. Bagh is the northern side.
Significance.
The multitude of commuters who deport train at Sealdah (from Kolkata Suburban Railway) use this road to reach B.B.D. Bagh, the central business district of the city. The easternmost portion of the road (just after its start from Sealdah) is very congested due to the location of a vegetable wholesale market, as a result many commuters resort to walking the road to B.B.D. Bagh instead of using the bus.
Operation.
The road is one-way, traffic runs from the direction of Sealdah towards B.B.D. Bagh. Significant intersections include intersections with Amherst Street, College Street, Chittaranjan Avenue, Rabindra Sarani.
Specialty markets.
A peculiarity of old Kolkata is that there are neighborhoods where there are many stores selling the same or similar products. This benefits the customer who can walk into various stores in the vicinity to compare and shop. Bowbazar Street is no exception. If you start walking westward from Sealdah station on this street, you will find numerous Jewelry Stores. Once you cross College Street, you find furniture stores on both sides of the street. Among them, Calcutta Furniture is quite reputed. These stores build custom furniture based on customer's design and specifications. After crossing Chittaranjan Avenue, you find watch, clock and spectacles stores all over the place. These stores repair watches also.

</doc>
<doc id="20575949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575949" title="Australian Federal Police Association">
Australian Federal Police Association

The Australian Federal Police Association (AFPA) is a registered Industrial Organisation under the "Fair Work Act 2009" operating as a Branch of the Police Federation of Australia. The AFPA has sole autonomous political and industrial coverage for all employees within the Australian Federal Police which includes sworn Federal Agents; Police Officers; Protective Service Officers; and non-sworn support staff deployed nationally and overseas.
History.
Between 1942 and 1982 the industrial interests of the Commonwealth law enforcement were represented by the Defence Establishments Guard Association (1942–1943), the Peace Officer Guard Association (1943–1958), and the Commonwealth Police Officers' Association (1958–1982). The ACT Police Officers' Association (1933–1979) and subsequently the Federal Police Association (1979–1982) represented the industrial interests of the ACT police until 1982.
In July 1982 the Australian Federal Police Association (AFPA) was established following a merger between the Commonwealth Police Officers' Association and the Federal Police Association [FPA. The impetus for the AFPA was the proclamation of the Australian Federal Police Act on 15 June 1979 that established the Australian Federal Police . The AFP was a merger of the Commonwealth police, Narcotics Bureau and the ACT police.
In 1998 the AFPA changed its rules to establish the Police Federation of Australia, which now incorporates Branches for all State, Territory and Federal Police and is affiliated with the Australian Council of Trade Unions . The PFA is the peak lobbying body on behalf of all Australian Police Associations/unions. The PFA provides additional research & lobbying capacity for the AFPA on an ongoing basis.
The AFPA is affiliated with Australia's national police charity, the AUSPOL - Police Welfare Foundation.
Member services.
The AFPA National office provides its members with a full range of services including:
The AFPA also lobbies government on a variety of law enforcement issues.
Federal policing issues.
The Haneef Inquiry.
The AFPA made substantial contributions to the debate surrounding the detainment of Dr Mohamed Haneef . AFPA CEO Jim Torr (Resigned October 2012) stated that the AFPA's members were tired of the negative public comments about the AFP Commissioner and the Australian Federal Police that were pre-emptive of the Clarke Inquiry Report.
In their submission to the Clarke Inquiry the AFPA
recommended that the Australian Federal Police be placed under the scrutiny of a Parliamentary Joint (statutory) Committee. The Australian Government responded to the Clarke Inquiry Report by accepting the recommendations of the AFPA, undertaking to create a Parliamentary Joint Committee on Law Enforcement to extend parliamentary oversight to include the Australian Federal Police and enabling the Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security to extend inquiries to include the Australian Federal Police.
The Federal Audit of Policing Capabilities.
In May 2009, the AFPA made its major report titled 'Enforcing Against Risk' to the Federal Audit of Policing Capabilities which was commissioned by the Minister for Home Affairs, the Hon. Bob Debus MP in January 2009 to report by the end of June 2009.
The detailed Report makes several recommendations for the reform about the way that federal law enforcement agencies meet emerging expectations and strategic risks during the global recession. In particular, the AFPA's submission updates and expands upon the AFPA's Nationally Integrated Commonwealth Law Enforcement Model (NICLE), which had been largely implemented by the Commonwealth Government since the Senate Legal and Constitutional Affairs Committee's 'Inquiry into the Management Arrangements and Adequacy of Funding of the Australian Federal Police and the National Crime Authority' in August 2001.
Auspol.
The Auspol Journal is a publication of the Australian Federal Police Association with articles about the professional issues of the Federal Police for public dissemination.

</doc>
<doc id="20575952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575952" title="Pseudanthias pleurotaenia">
Pseudanthias pleurotaenia

Pseudanthias pleurotaenia is a Pseudanthias fish from the Pacific Ocean that is also known as the "squarespot anthias" or "pink square anthias". It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade and grows to a size of 20 cm in length. Males have bold coloration, with a pink squared spot on their side, while females are completely orange in color.

</doc>
<doc id="20575956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575956" title="Gulzarbagh">
Gulzarbagh

Gulzarbagh is a neighbourhood of Patna in the Bihar state of India. It is located at 25°36'0N 85°12'0E with an altitude of 45 metres (150 feet).
Transport.
Gulzarbagh Station is the railway station for the neighbourhood and connects it to many metropolitan cities of India by the Howrah-Delhi Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="20575966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575966" title="Balls (mountain range)">
Balls (mountain range)

The Balls are a mountain range within the Sierra Nevada, in Madera County, California. They are "glacier-carved granite domes" and have been described as "looking like smooth scoops of butterscotch ice cream". They are protected in the Sierra National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20575968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575968" title="Pseudanthias hypselosoma">
Pseudanthias hypselosoma

Pseudanthias hypselosoma is a Pseudanthias fish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 19cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20575979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575979" title="Platon Kerzhentsev">
Platon Kerzhentsev

Platon Mikhailovich Kerzhentsev (), real name Lebedev (Ле́бедев) (4 August 1881 – 2 June 1940) was a Russian state and party official, journalist, playwright and arts theorist who was involved with the Proletkult movement. From 29 December 1930 – 23 March 1933 he was appointed Executive Officer of the Soviet Union, the second person to fill that post.
Kerzhentsev became a Bolshevik in 1904 and gained experience of mass theatre in Europe and anglophone countries during a period of exile. He was influenced by Percy MacKaye, Richard Wagner and Alexandr Bogdanov. He had articles published in "Vestnik Teatra", the Journal of the Theatre Department of Narkompros based in Moscow.
In 1923 Kerzhentsev criticised Bogdanov in Pravda where he focused on "The Organizational Principles of a Uniform Economic Plan" a text submitted to the First Conference on Scientific Organization of Labour (January 1921). 

</doc>
<doc id="20575982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575982" title="Shap Smith">
Shap Smith

Shapleigh "Shap" Smith, Jr. (born December 16, 1965 in Danbury, Connecticut) is 
an American politician serving as the Democratic Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives since 2009. Smith is a six-term member representing the Lamoille-Washington 1 District, which includes the Towns of Elmore and Morristown in Lamoille County and Woodbury and Worcester in Washington County. Mr. Smith resides in Morristown with his wife, Melissa Volansky, and their two children.
Smith was first elected to the Vermont House in 2002. He was a member of the House Ways & Means Committee and the Joint Fiscal Committee. On December 6, 2008, House Democrats, who held a 95–48 majority, nominated Smith to be the next Speaker of the Vermont House. Smith was first elected Speaker on January 8, 2009. He was re-elected as Speaker on January 5, 2011, and on January 8, 2013.
Smith is an attorney and shareholder with the law firm of Dinse, Knapp & McAndrew, P.C. in Burlington. He graduated from the University of Vermont (B.A., 1987), and is a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. He also attended the Indiana University School of Law - Bloomington (J.D., cum laude, 1991).

</doc>
<doc id="20575983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575983" title="I-20 (rapper)">
I-20 (rapper)

Bobby Sandimanie, better known by his stage name I-20, is an American rapper. He was originally known as Infamous 2-0 (in Ludacris's debut album "Incognegro" / "Back for the First Time"), but changed his name to reflect the interstate route that runs through the Southeastern United States. He was discovered by Ludacris, who signed him to the Disturbing tha Peace record label. In 2002, he appeared on 6 songs from Disturbing Tha Peace's 1st album "Golden Grain" ("Break Somethin'", "Smokin' Dro", "Can't Be Stopped (I Know)", "A-Town Hatz", "N.S.E.W." & "Outro On Ya Ass") and in 2004, I-20 released his debut album, "Self Explanatory". It peaked at number forty-two on the "Billboard" 200 and number five on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
I-20 later appears on Ludacris' 7th album "Battle Of The Sexes" on the song "B.O.T.S. Radio" along with Shawnna.
References.
Celebrity Rehab 2 - 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20575985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575985" title="Nicky Hoffman Lee">
Nicky Hoffman Lee

Nicky Hoffman Lee is a co-owner of The Naturist Society LLC, which is, since 2002, a woman owned business. She started working at TNS in April 1985 and has done every job from the mailroom to network coordinator to being editor of "Nude & Natural" (N) magazine.
She has written several articles for N magazine on subjects such as: how to start a group, to traveling in Florida to body acceptance. Hoffman Lee has had a hand in the planning of the highly popular TNS gatherings for the past 15 years.
Hoffman Lee is also one of the editors of "The World’s Best Nude Beaches and Resorts - The Top 1,000 places to get Naked". This guidebook is the long-awaited sequel to the New York Times bestseller "Lee Baxandall’s The World Guide to Nude Beaches and Resorts" published by The Naturist Society.
Hoffman Lee served on the Board of the Naturist Action Committee for three years and now serves as an ex officio board member of that organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20575987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575987" title="Pseudanthias huchtii">
Pseudanthias huchtii

Pseudanthias huchtii is a Pseudanthias fish from the Western Central Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 12cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20575992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575992" title="St. Augustine of Canterbury Church">
St. Augustine of Canterbury Church

St. Augustine of Canterbury Church in Belleville, Illinois was founded in 1955. St. Augustine parish is home to an elementary school, St. Augustine, Home of the Saints. 
The Pastor is Msgr. William McGhee, and the Parochial Vicar is Fr. Stanley Konieczny. Their Deacon is Thomas C. Welchne.

</doc>
<doc id="20575993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575993" title="Anasa">
Anasa

Anasa is a genus of leaf-footed bug in the Coreinae subfamily. The nine described species within this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="20575998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20575998" title="Rio Branco International Airport">
Rio Branco International Airport

Rio Branco-Plácido de Castro International Airport is the airport serving Rio Branco, Brazil. Since April 13, 2009 the airport is named after José Plácido de Castro (1873-1908) a politician leader of the Acrean Revolution.
It is operated by Infraero.
History.
The airport was opened on November 22, 1999 as a replacement to Presidente Médici International Airport, which was then closed.
Airlines and destinations.
a. Air taxi company operating regular charter flights.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Rio Branco.

</doc>
<doc id="20576000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576000" title="James Potter (baseball)">
James Potter (baseball)

James Potter was the owner of the Philadelphia Phillies of the National League from through . In 1903, Porter purchased the club from John Rogers. He sold the Phillies to Bill Shettsline in 1905.
References.
Philadelphia Phillies owners

</doc>
<doc id="20576005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576005" title="Bernasconi Hills">
Bernasconi Hills

The Bernasconi Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges, located in Riverside County, California, United States.
Location.
The range forms the eastern flank of the Lake Perris reservoir. Bernasconi Pass separates the range into two parts: the Bernasconi Hills North and the Bernasconi Hills South. The western end of the pass is now closed due to the lake. A monument in the pass recognizes that Juan Bautista de Anza and his expedition, the first Europeans to visit the area, traveled through the pass in March 1774.
Parts of the range are within the Lake Perris State Recreation Area. The rocky terrain is a recognized site for the sport of bouldering. Enthusiasts of the sport refer to the area as the Bernasconi Ridge.
Bernardo Bernasconi.
The hills and the pass were named for Bernardo Bernasconi, a native of Switzerland, who purchased of land around the hills from Joseph Wolfskill and established a sheep ranch named Sulpher Springs Ranch.

</doc>
<doc id="20576014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576014" title="Big Blue Hills">
Big Blue Hills

The Big Blue Hills are a mountain range in Fresno County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576037" title="Kent discography">
Kent discography

The discography of the Swedish alternative rock band Kent consists of nine studio albums (with two of them also released in English), one compilation album, one box set, one EP, twenty-eight Swedish and six English singles.
The band consists of Joakim Berg (lead vocals and guitar), Martin Sköld (bass and keyboards), Sami Sirviö (lead guitar and keyboards), Markus Mustonen (drums, backing vocals, keyboards and piano) and was founded in Eskilstuna in 1990.
Singles.
Swedish.
Notes
Other charted songs.
Notes
Music videos.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20576038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576038" title="Ron Herbel">
Ron Herbel

Ronald Samuel Herbel (January 14, 1938 – January 20, 2000) was a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher. His .029 career batting average is the lowest batting average in Major League history for a player with a minimum of 100 at-bats.
MLB debut.
Born in Denver, Colorado, Herbel attended the University of Northern Colorado. After two seasons at Northern Colorado, Herbel signed as an amateur free agent with the San Francisco Giants. He spent five seasons in San Francisco's farm system when he received a September call up to the Giants in . He made two relief appearances with the Giants, both against the New York Mets, with his major league debut on September 10 at the Polo Grounds.
0 for 47.
Herbel was used both in relief and as a starter in , as he made 22 starts and eighteen appearances out of the bullpen. In his first Major League at-bat on May 6, he struck out against Larry Jackson of the Chicago Cubs. For the season, Herbel made 54 plate appearances without getting a hit, and struck out thirty times.
On the mound, however, he was much better. Herbel went 9-9 with a 3.07 earned run average and 98 strikeouts. His first major league win was a 1-0 complete game shut out of the New York Mets on May 17.
First Major League hit.
In Herbel earned a spot in the starting rotation on his way to a 12-9 record for a Giants team that won 14 straight games in September, with Herbel pitching the best ball of his career, only to lose the pennant by 2 games to a Dodger team that won its last 15 games. He registered his first major league hit and RBI on May 21 in his first major league game on astroturf, while holding the Houston Astros to just five hits themselves in the complete game victory. It was his only hit of the season, though he was credited with a second run batted in on July 28 when he walked with the bases loaded.
Trade to the Padres.
1965 was Herbel's best season with the Giants. If it could be said that he had a best season with the bat, it would be when Herbel had three hits, two of which were doubles, two walks, three successful bunts and struck out only fourteen times for a .107 batting average. It was also Herbel's first real season as a reliever. Though he made eleven starts, he made 31 appearances out of the bullpen, earning one save. Over the next two seasons, Herbel made only six starts. Following the season, Herbel was traded with Bob Barton and Bobby Etheridge to the San Diego Padres for Frank Reberger.
New York Mets.
The Padres were 50-82, 34.5 games back of the Cincinnati Reds when they dealt Herbel to the reigning World Series champion New York Mets, who were in the midst of a play-off drive again in (two games back of the first place Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League East at the time of the trade), and needed to add an arm to their bullpen. Herbel went 2-2 with a 1.38 ERA and one save in twelve relief appearances for the Mets, who finished in third place, six games back of the Pirates. Combined with his 64 appearances with the Padres, Herbel's 76 appearances on the mound led the National League, and was only one less than major league leader Wilbur Wood. Following the season, he was traded to the Atlanta Braves for Bob Aspromonte.
Retirement.
Herbel spent one season in Atlanta, where he went 0-1 with a 5.23 ERA and one save in 25 appearances for the third place Braves. He signed with the Minnesota Twins in , and spent the entire season with their triple A Pacific Coast League affiliate before retiring. He died on January 20, in Tacoma, Washington at 62 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20576048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576048" title="Bighorn Mountains (California)">
Bighorn Mountains (California)

The Bighorn Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576049" title="Laser jammer">
Laser jammer

A laser jammer is an electronic device used by drivers to prevent law enforcement officers from obtaining speed readings with a LIDAR (or 'laser) gun. Laser jammers are not to be confused with radar jammers.
To jam police laser guns, laser jammers first must detect the light emitted by a police officer's laser gun - normally light on the 904 nm wavelength. After detecting the lidar gun's light, the jammer will send out light on the same wavelength at a higher intensity, effectively confusing the gun into returning no speed reading. Newer laser jammer models can detect the pulse rate (the rate at which the gun takes distance measurements, upon which it bases the speed measurement) of the laser gun, and then emulate that pulse rate, further increasing the difficulty of getting an accurate reading from the laser gun.
Because these jammers focus on blocking light emitted from laser guns, and not radio waves from radar guns, US federal laws prohibiting the use of radar jammers do not apply to these devices. While the U.S. Federal Communications Commission regulates transmission of radio waves, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulates light emissions. However, several states have passed laws that specifically prohibit the use of laser jammers, including: Alaska, California, Colorado, Illinois, Minnesota, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Utah. The legality of laser jammers in Nebraska and Washington, D.C. is disputed.
Laser jammers for civilian use have evolved in recent years. The first laser jammer ever produced was by K40 Electronics in April 1994, known as the K40 Laser Defuser. Next came the Lidatek LE-10 Laser Echo by Lidatek LLC, then the Blinder M06 HP by Blinder International out of Denmark, then the Blinder M10 Twin, then the LE-20 to LE-30. Blinder remade the M10 Twin into the smarter M20 X-treme series. Laser diode based jammers came out in 2006, known as the Anti-Laser, Laser Pro Park, and Laser Interceptor. 
Laser jammers have been tested by Guys of LIDAR to be quite effective depending on the model of laser gun and jammer used in the Of particular note the device jammed nearly every gun tested under multiple scenarios. The "Traffipatrol XR" gun was still able to punch through the Laser Interceptor in testing, but only at a significantly reduced range of 80–600 feet, versus 2000 feet easily possible without a jammer. In typical use jammer equipped motorists will either "JTG" or "JTK" Jamming to gun means the motorist keeps the jammer going till and up to the lidar gun. Easily detected as the lidar operator gets no reading whatsoever but error codes. "JTK" means the jammer owner quickly slows to the posted speed on detection of police lidar and "kills" or "turns off" his jammer equipment so the police lidar gun still receives a speed.
This can still be detected by a lidar operator with proper training about lidar jammers. One visually looks for any sudden deceleration in the target vehicle while laser is being used and the inability to acquire speeds properly with the lidar gun along with lidar error codes.

</doc>
<doc id="20576055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576055" title="Ireland–Mexico relations">
Ireland–Mexico relations

Ireland–Mexico relations refer to relations between Ireland and Mexico. The relationship has been often associated with the Irish migration to Mexico. Mexico has an embassy in Dublin and honorary consulates in Cork and Kildare. Ireland has an embassy in Mexico City and an honorary consulate in Cancun.
History.
During Spanish colonization of Mexico, several Spanish Viceroy's were of Irish descent such as Juan O'Donojú who was the last Spanish Viceroy. Since Mexican independence, many Irish have immigrated to Mexico and have contributed to its culture and development.
During the Mexican-American war (1846-1848), many Irish immigrants in the United States abandoned their posts and joined Mexican forces because of what they felt was discrimination and persecution of their Catholic faith by non-Catholic Americans. One of the most popular Irish battalions during the war was that of the St. Patrick's Battalion which fought on the Mexican side during the Battle of Buena Vista and Battle of Churubusco in 1847, among others.
On 21 August 1975, both nations established diplomatic relations. In 1991, Mexico opened its embassy on Raglan Road, Dublin and Ireland opened an embassy in Mexico City in September 1999.
The Irish and Mexican presidents Michael D. Higgins and Enrique Peña Nieto held a bilateral meeting in Rome on 20 March 2013, the day after the papal inauguration of Pope Francis. Peña invited Higgins to visit Mexico, and the Irish president began a four-day official visit on 19 October 2013 as part of a three-nation trip to Central America.
, the Mexican ambassador to Ireland was Carlos Eugenio García de Alba Zepeda, appointed in June 2011, and Ireland's ambassador to Mexico was Sonja Hyland, who took over from Eamon Hickey in August 2013. Hyland formerly was Director of Economic Messaging and Cultural Relations Unit in the trade and promotion division of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
Trade.
In 1997, Mexico signed a Free Trade Agreement with the European Union (which includes Ireland). In 2007 Mexico was Ireland's 21st largest export market in 2007. Combined trade in goods and services between Ireland and Mexico is valued at about $1 billion USD annually. In 2008, the Irish Government opened an Enterprise Ireland office in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20576067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576067" title="William Baker (baseball)">
William Baker (baseball)

William Frazer Baker was the owner of the Philadelphia Phillies of the National League from through . Baker was appointed New York City Police Commissioner in July 1909 by Mayor George B. McClellan, Jr. ("New York Times", July 2, 1909). During his brief tenure he was accused of interfering in gambling investigations ("New York Times", Sep. 19, 1909). He resigned his position in October 1910 ("New York Times", Oct. 21, 1910.). In January 1913, Baker was part of a group led by his nephew, William Locke (baseball), that purchased the club ("New York Times", January 16, 1913). Baker was elected team president in October 1913, following the death of Locke earlier in the year ("New York Times", Oct. 21, 1913). He was at the helm two years later when the Phillies played in the 1915 World Series.
Baker was known for being extremely tight-fisted. For most of his tenure as owner, the Phillies had only one scout, and used a flock of sheep to trim the grass at Baker Bowl, which was named for him. He was so tight-fisted that he sold star pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander to the Chicago Cubs in rather than increase his salary. Within a year, the Phillies had fallen to last place—the first of 15 straight years (and 29 out of 30) without a winning record. 
He died of a heart attack on December 4, 1930 while attending a league meeting in Montreal ("New York Times", Dec. 5, 1930) and was succeeded as Phillies owner by Gerald Nugent.
References.
Philadelphia Phillies owners

</doc>
<doc id="20576107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576107" title="Cannabis in Switzerland">
Cannabis in Switzerland

Cannabis in Switzerland that contains more than 1,0 % of THC is classified as an illegal drug in Switzerland. 
Thus, according to the Federal Law on Drugs, production, culture, use and possession of cannabis are prohibited, and considered as criminal infringements.
These infringements are punishable by three years of imprisonment, or by a fine.
Since 28 September 2012, the possession of less than 10 grams of cannabis is no longer a criminal infringement, but is still punished by a 100 Swiss francs flat fine.
Professional cannabis trade, as well as the possession of an quantity of cannabis that can affect the health of a large number of people (4 kg of hashish, according to the Federal Court), are punished by one to three years of imprisonment, that can be cumulated with a fine.
The enforcement of the prohibition on cannabis is spotty, because around 500,000 Swiss people are believed to use cannabis regularly or occasionally. In a health poll conducted in 1997, 7% of people aged 15 to 39 stated that they were currently consuming cannabis. Overall, enforcement varies substantially depending on the canton.
On 5 October 2012, the Federal Court invalidated the Latin Concordat on hemp culture and trading, that came into force on 1 January 2012, which allowed private citizens in the cantons of Geneva, Freiburg, Valais, Vaud, Neuchâtel, Bâle-Town and Ticino to grow up to 4 hemp plants (containing less than 1% of THC), for violating the Federal Law on drugs.
Penalties.
The penalties imposed in practice also vary among cantons to a certain degree. The 2007 penalty guidelines adopted by the Bernese Judges' Association provide as follows:
An attempt to decriminalize possession and consumption of cannabis failed narrowly in Parliament in 2004. As a reaction, a popular initiative ("Eidgenössische Volksinitiative für eine vernünftige Hanf-Politik mit wirksamem Jugendschutz") to amend the constitution to decriminalize cannabis was introduced 2004. Results from the national referendum in November 2008 showed only 36.7% of those voting supported decriminalising cannabis.

</doc>
<doc id="20576112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576112" title="Gerald Nugent">
Gerald Nugent

Gerald Paul Nugent, Sr. was the owner of the Philadelphia Phillies baseball team of the National League from through . 
A leather goods and shoe merchant, Nugent married longtime Phillies secretary Mae Mallen in 1925. Longtime Phillies owner William Baker died in 1930, leaving half of his estate to Mallen and half to his wife. With the support of Baker's widow, Nugent became team president. Baker's widow died in 1932, leaving Nugent in full control.
Unlike Baker, Nugent cared more about winning than saving money. However, even with his income from his other businesses, he didn't have the financial means to get the Phillies out of the National League basement. He was forced to trade what little talent the team had to make ends meet and had to use some creative financial methods to be able to even field a team at all. The one highlight of his ownership was a 78-76 record in 1932, the only time that the Phillies finished with a winning record between 1918 and 1948. 
Nugent finally reached the end of his rope in . A year after posting a 43-111 record,the worst in franchise history, the Phillies needed an advance from the league just to be able to take part in spring training. Realizing that there was no way he could operate the team in , he reached an agreement in principle that February to sell the team to Bill Veeck, who planned to bring in Negro League stars in an effort to turn the moribund franchise around. However, when Baseball Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis, an intractable opponent of integration, got wind of it, he pressured National League President Ford Frick to quash the deal and take over the team. A week later, the league sold the Phillies to lumber broker William B. Cox.
This story was initially refuted by a 1998 article in the Society for American Baseball Research's "The National Pastime", which argued that Philadelphia's black press made no mention of a sale to Veeck. However, new evidence has surfaced that suggested Nugent did indeed plan to sell the Phillies to Veeck.

</doc>
<doc id="20576120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576120" title="Alex Widmer">
Alex Widmer

Alex W. Widmer (May 1, 1956 – December 3, 2008) was a Swiss banker who had been the chief executive officer of the Julius Baer Group, one of the world's largest providers of private banking services.
Widmer was hired by Julius Baer in 2005 from his previous position as head of private banking at Credit Suisse, succeeding Walter Knabenhans. 
He had been the head of the bank's private banking business before assuming responsibility for the entire bank, including asset management and investment products. Widmer 
had been appointed as chief executive of Julius Baer in November 2007, where he expanded the bank's offices into such places as Jakarta, Indonesia and Moscow, places where new wealth could be found.
He was found dead on December 4, 2008, with reports from sources cited in "The New York Times" claiming that the death was from suicide. Although reports of the cause of death were contradictory and vague and the autopsy report was never released. Widmer was succeeded by Hans de Gier, Julius Baer's previous chief executive, who had been appointed as chairman of the bank's GAM business unit earlier in 2008.
Born in Zurzach, he was an economist by education, who earned a Ph.D from the University of St. Gallen, a research university in St. Gallen.

</doc>
<doc id="20576133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576133" title="Guldar">
Guldar

Guldar (alternative spelling Gulzar) is a village of Bingöl Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey. It is located at 39°2'0N 40°49'0E with an altitude of 1798 metres (5902).
References.
Guldar: Local name for leopard in Uttarakhand state of India. Also called 'Tendua', 'Baghera'.
Literal translation of Guldar is "having a flower(gul)shaped prints.

</doc>
<doc id="20576152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576152" title="Rip Vowinkel">
Rip Vowinkel

John Henry "Rip" Vowinkel (November 18, 1884 – July 13, 1966) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Vowinkel played for the Cincinnati Reds in . In six career games, he had a 3–3 record with a 4.17 ERA. He batted and threw left-handed.
Vowinkel was born and died in Oswego, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20576177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576177" title="Big Valley Mountains">
Big Valley Mountains

The Big Valley Mountains are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576193" title="Cephalopholis taeniops">
Cephalopholis taeniops

A Grouper that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. The common length is 40 cm (maximum size 70 cm). It lives in the Eastern Atlantic: Western Sahara to Angola, including Cape Verde and the São Tomé and Príncipe islands; also recorded from the Mediterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="20576204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576204" title="Bird Hills">
Bird Hills

The Bird Hills are a mountain range in Lassen County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576221" title="Dueholm Priory">
Dueholm Priory

Dueholm Priory was a monastery of the Order of the Knights of St. John of Malta, also known as the Knights Hospitaller, located at Nykøbing on the island of Mors in northern Denmark.
History.
Dueholm Priory was founded in 1370 by Bishop Sven of Børglum, the diocese of northernmost Jutland at the time. It lay just outside the town of Nykøbing. The priory was dedicated to St John the Baptist and Mary Magdalene. The property on which it was later built had been given to the diocese by Lady Mette Pedersdatter before 1370. In 1380 the Hospitallers were given the rights to St Clement's Church in Nykøbing. 
At its height in the early 16th century the priory consisted of twelve brother priests led by a prior, who was often a secular nobleman who served as advocate in worldly matters. The hospital was operated by brothers of the order who were not monks, but living a religious life in conjunction with their service at the hospital. One detail that becomes evident from Dueholm's archive letters is that the population of the priory was quite transitory. Noble families often placed younger sons at Dueholm for a time. Upon their majority they either left the monastery to marry or go to war, join the lay brothers in the hospital, or apply to become knight-monks and enter the priesthood. Dueholm had a school that stood between the mill and the town that was the second school, the first had been built during the reign of Christian II.
Dueholm also oversaw St Jørgen's Leper House outside Nykøbing, though it was a separate institution with is own staff of lay brothers who specialized in the treatment of the lepers. The knight-priests of St John took turns saying mass each day there. 
Dueholm Priory had a long struggle with the town over Holy Ghost Hospital. The citizens of the town established Holy Ghost Hospital for the care of the poor and sick. It was manned by lay brothers of the Order of the Holy Ghost who lived a religious life of service at the hospital. The argument with the Hospitallers came when in 1445 King Christoffer of Bayern recognized the town's rights to the hospital property which they had built. The priory had obtained a papal bull which granted them permission to finish Holy Ghost Chapel at Holy Ghost Hospital in St Clements parish. The arguments came down to control of income for the hospital and who actually had rights to it. Bishop Gert stood solidly in Dueholm's corner forbidding laymen or helpers from receiving benefit of donations to the hospital. The dispute grew so hot that Christian I stepped in to order that the parish priest at St Clemens was not to be prohibited from saying mass in the hospital chapel, thereby giving St Hans Priory, who chose the priest for the parish church, spiritual control over the hospital. St Hans Priory triumphantly took over Holy Ghost Hospital from the town. In time the priory came to own many properties in the town and in the surrounding area.
Unlike many contemporary monastic houses, parts of Dueholm's archives have been preserved in two 'letter books'. The older collection was copied before 1527 with letters covering the period from 1371 to 1539. The copies were made of letters in deteriorating condition for future reference. The 1370 foundation grant from Bishop Sven is included, one of few such documents. Often the founding grants documents were confiscated when monasteries were closed in the 1520s and 1530s. The 'younger' letter book was copied in 1527. It contains among other letters, the list of arrivals to the priory and the places from which they came. A 1591 inventory of the archive lists a host of documents still in existence after the closure of the priory. There is also an inventory of Tinity Chapel's Archive. The two books fell into the possession of 'the honorable and well-born lady Elle Krastrup, the widow of Thygge Sandberg of Kvelstrup and were preserved by her and then after 1587 passed on to the local magistrate. The letter books were recopied in the 18th century and passed on to government officials for their value in determining land ownership. Unfortunately, the entire archive from Dueholm was moved to Dueholm Castle where it went up in flames in the sack of the castle in 1627. The two surviving Dueholm letters provide glimpses into the everyday life of medieval monks and the surrounding community. 
In 1527 St Jørgens House was closed and torn down including its chapel. Its mill became known afterwards as St Hans Mill for the 'Johanitter', the nickname for the Hospitallers. In 1528 the old argument about Holy Ghost Hospital surfaced again when the town wrote to Frederick I, a reform-minded monarch about the pope's unlawful gift of the hospital to the priory accusing the order of not helping the poor and sick at the hospital as they should. 
The Reformation in Denmark brought an end to all religious houses, though changes in belief and practice came later to the north of Jutland. But in 1536 Dueholm Priory and its income properties reverted to the crown. Since the main work of the brothers was to run the town hospitals, citizens had an interest in the continuance of medical services. The priory was simply secularized and the work of the hospitals continued. At the death of the last secular prior, Jakob Jensen in 1556, the priory was disbanded though the work of the hospitals continued.
When Thisted county was organized, the priory buildings were converted into a manor house for the local magistrate. Over time the manor estate was broken into smaller holdings. By 1901 only the west range of the former priory was preserved with some of its Gothic arched windows intact.
Dueholm's Priory's west range was restored and today houses the Morslande Historiske Museum. There are several other remnants of walls and foundations which have been incorporated into other buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="20576222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576222" title="Samuel Spring">
Samuel Spring

Rev. Samuel Spring (1746–1819) was an early American Revolutionary War chaplain and Congregationalist minister.
Early life and education.
Spring was born in Uxbridge in the Massachusetts Colony on February 27, 1746.
His father was John Spring (1706–1794), a militia man and local wealthy farmer, and his mother was Sarah Read (1716–1800). John later commanded the company of militia from Uxbridge in the American Revolution. His father was the town's moderator, selectman, and surveyor of highways, but John lacked even a rudimentary education. Sarah remained determined that Samuel would have the best education possible.
Spring studied under the Rev. Nathan Webb, founding pastor of the first Congregational church begun in the First Great Awakening period of the Massachusetts Colony. Webb's early training of Spring helped prepare him to enter New Jersey College (now Princeton University), where he graduated in 1771. He took advanced theological studies from his future father-in-law, Samuel Hopkins. His former mentor, Rev. Webb died in 1772. Spring was licensed as a minister in 1774 on the eve of the American Revolution. Aaron Burr was one of his classmates in Theological Studies at Princeton, who went on to study law.
Revolutionary War service.
When the Revolution's stirrings began the Provincial Congress required the militia to have chaplains. Spring took up his Colony's call. He served in both the Siege of Boston and in the invasion of Canada. He initially served in the regiment commanded by Colonel John Fellows of Sheffield. Burr also served at the Siege of Boston. When Colonel Benedict Arnold convinced General George Washington to open a second front against the British in Canada, Spring and Burr both joined this force under Colonel Benedict Arnold. Ships sailed from Newburyport, Massachusetts to Maine. At Fort Western, near what is now Augusta, Maine, Spring counseled Private James McCormick who was sentenced to death, only to be reprieved.
The trip through Maine left a tattered, very ill army to invade Quebec. French Canadians helped the Americans with supplies and clothing. At Quebec Senter took possession of the hotel Dieu on the banks of the St. Charles river. Spring converted the hotel to a hospital and chapel. Benedict Arnold's leg was shattered in the siege of Quebec, during the ill fated New Year's Eve assault on the fortress city walls. Spring carried Benedict Arnold from the battlefield to the Hotel Dieu (the hospital). American troops occupied Montreal and Trois-Rivières and maintained the Siege on Quebec. Colonel John Patterson's regiment was dispatched to Quebec to shore up American positions. The American troops retreated back to the Lake Champlain area at Mt. Independence. Regrouped soldiers heard Spring's sermon on November 3, 1776 at this encampment. Chaplain Spring was discharged from the Continental Army at the end of 1776.
Marriage and later work.
Reverend Spring returned to Newburyport and married Hannah Hopkins, his mentor's daughter November 4, 1779. He was a founder of the Massachusetts Missionary Society in 1779 and of the Andover Theological Seminary in 1808. He was very influential in a fundamentalist wing of the Congregational Church and many of his sermons and discourses were printed and widely disseminated. John Quincy Adams was one of many who disagreed with Spring's teachings; Adams wrote that Spring's views were "extremely contracted and illiberal" and that he had the "enthusiasm of a bigot". Spring maintained contacts with Uxbridge.
He and his wife had 11 children, although several died young:
Samuel Spring died March 4, 1819 in Newburyport.

</doc>
<doc id="20576229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576229" title="Bissell Hills">
Bissell Hills

The Bissell Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in southeastern Kern County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576235" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Buckingham County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Buckingham County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Buckingham County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20576240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576240" title="Black Hills (Contra Costa County)">
Black Hills (Contra Costa County)

The Black Hills are a mountain range in Contra Costa County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576248" title="Black Hills (Imperial County)">
Black Hills (Imperial County)

The Black Hills are a mountain range in Imperial County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576252" title="Garib">
Garib

Garib in Arabic means strange, outlandish, or foreign. It may refer to many things:

</doc>
<doc id="20576256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576256" title="Black Hills (Kern County)">
Black Hills (Kern County)

The Black Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in eastern Kern County, California.
They are a continuation of the Black Hills (San Bernardino County).

</doc>
<doc id="20576259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576259" title="Pauline Newman">
Pauline Newman

Pauline Newman (born 1927) is a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
Biography.
Born in New York, New York, Newman received a B.A. from Vassar College in 1947, an M.A. from Columbia University in 1948, a Ph.D. in chemistry from Yale University in 1952 and an LL.B. from New York University School of Law in 1958. She worked as a research scientist for American Cyanamid from 1951 to 1954. From 1954 to 1984, Newman worked for FMC Corp., for fifteen years (1954–1969) as a patent attorney and in-house counsel, and for another fifteen years (1969–1984) as director of the Patent, Trademark and Licensing Department.
From 1961 to 1962 Newman also worked for the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as a science policy specialist in the Department of Natural Resources. She served on the State Department Advisory Committee on International Intellectual Property from 1974 to 1984 and on the advisory committee to the Domestic Policy Review of Industrial Innovation from 1978 to 1979. From 1982 to 1984, she was Special Adviser to the United States Delegation to the Diplomatic Conference on the Revision of the Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property. Over her career, Newman has received honors including the Wilbur Cross Medal of Yale University Graduate School, and the Award for Outstanding Contributions to International Cooperation from the Pacific Industrial Property Association.
Newman was nominated to the Federal Circuit by President Ronald Reagan on January 30, 1984, to a seat vacated by the decision of Philip Nichols, Jr. to take senior status. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 27, 1984, and received her commission the following day. Newman thus became the first judge appointed directly to the Federal Circuit, all of her predecessors having come to the court through the merger of the Court of Customs and Patent Appeals and the appellate division of the United States Court of Federal Claims.
Jurisprudence.
Newman has authored a number of important opinions setting forth the law of patents in the United States. In "Arrhythmia Research Technology, Inc. v. Corazonix Corp.", she wrote an opinion for the panel finding that the use of an algorithm as a step in a process did not render the process unpatentable. In "In re Recreative Technologies Corp.", she wrote the opinion finding that the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences exceeded its authority when it considered a claim of obviousness in the reexamination of a patent previously held by the examiner not to be obvious with respect to the references cited. In "Intergraph Corporation v. Intel Corporation" she highlighted the right of a patent owner to refuse to license, even to a party that has become completely dependent on the patent. In "Jazz Photo Corp. v. United States International Trade Commission", she clarified the law of repair and reconstruction (permitting the owner of a patented item to fix the item when it breaks, but not to essentially build a new item from the parts of an old one), writing that it was not a patent infringement for one party to restore another party's patented "one-use" camera to be used a second time.

</doc>
<doc id="20576260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576260" title="Henri Carette">
Henri Carette

Henri Carette (1832–1891 in Paris) was a French politician. He was a member of the general council of Aisne for the canton of Coucy-le-Château. He married a granddaughter of admiral Bouvet, a lecturer of Empress Eugenie, who had published two volumes with personal memories on the Tuileries Palace in the Second French Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20576267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576267" title="The Battlefield (1985 TV series)">
The Battlefield (1985 TV series)

The Battlefield is a Hong Kong television series based on the events in the Chu–Han Contention, an interregnum between the fall of the Qin Dynasty and the founding of the Han Dynasty. It was first broadcast in 1985 in Hong Kong on TVB Jade.
Plot.
During the final years of the Qin Dynasty, two heroes emerged. They are Lau Bong and Hung Yu. Both of them were initially close friends, but later became rivals in a power struggle for supremacy over China known as the Chu–Han Contention.
Hon Sun meets Cheung Leung by coincidence and they strike up a friendship. Hon Sun remains on Hung Yu's side while Cheung Leung decides to serve Lau Bong. Not long later, Hon Sun leaves Hung Yu and is introduced to Lau Bong by Siu Ho. Hon Sun and Cheung Leung work together to help Lau Bong achieve his dream of ruling China.
Yuk Dip-yee is a former imperial spy who was sent to assassinate Hung Yu. However, she falls in love with Hung Yu and is unable to bring herself to kill him. She eventually dies at the hands of Hung Yu's uncle, Hung Leung. Subsequently, a beauty called Consort Yu appears and becomes the subject of a love rivalry between Hung Yu and Lau Bong. Hung Yu eventually wins Consort Yu's heart. In anger, Lau Bong marries Lui Chi, intending to use her father to help him deal with Hung Yu. This marks the beginning of the war between Lau Bong and Hung Yu.

</doc>
<doc id="20576268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576268" title="Black Hills (Riverside County)">
Black Hills (Riverside County)

The Black Hills are a small and low mountain range in the northern Peninsular Ranges System, in Riverside County, southern California.
They are located east of the city of Temecula. Vail Lake reservoir is at the base of the hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20576274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576274" title="The Legend of Wong Tai Sin">
The Legend of Wong Tai Sin

The Legend of Wong Tai Sin (黃大仙) is a TVB television series premiered in 1986 based on the story of Wong Tai Sin.
Music.
Theme song "The Illumination of a Thousand World" (光照萬世) and sub theme song "Passing With the Wind" (隨風而逝) were composed and arranged by Joseph Koo. The lyricist was Tang Wai Hung and performer was Adam Cheng.
Synopsis.
Rain god Chisongzi (Adam Cheng) was supposed to take orders from heaven to rain many consecutive months to punish the humans via flood storms. However he could not bare to watch the humans suffer so much. The Jade Emperor then punishes the Rain god by sending him to be reincarnated as a human on earth.
In the Eastern Jin dynasty a fortune teller predicted that the current emperor would be overthrown by someone born on August 23 that year. The emperor ordered all babies born on that date killed. But even after the mass execution, the emperor would continue to have reoccurring nightmares about being assassinated. It turns out his own son, Prince Lung (Patrick Tse) was born on that date and ended up killing him. Lung would bring a lot of troubles to the kingdom in an effort to become the next ruler.
Rain god was now reincarnated as Wong Zo-ping, a miracle doctor and healer who tried to help many people along the way. Later Wong Zo-ping becomes heavenly deity on earth Wong Tai-sin to face off against the corrupt empire. He would eventually become a legendary icon.

</doc>
<doc id="20576284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576284" title="Black Hills (San Bernardino County)">
Black Hills (San Bernardino County)

The Black Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California.
They are a continuation of the Black Hills (Kern County).

</doc>
<doc id="20576300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576300" title="Carette">
Carette

Carette is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20576307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576307" title="Pentecost River">
Pentecost River

Pentecost River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
The river rises below the Durack Range and flows north through El Questro Station where it meets with the Chamberlain River, then continues north crossing the Gibb River Road, skirts the eastern edge of Drysdale River National Park and later discharges into West Arm and eventually into Cambridge Gulf.
The river has seven tributaries including; Chamberlain River, Salmond River, Gap Creek, Five Mile Creek and Durack River.
The river is named after John Pentecost, who surveyed the river in 1882 while on an expedition led by Michael Durack.
The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the "Arnga" peoples.
The river was included in the Australia theme as one of its wallpapers in Windows 7.

</doc>
<doc id="20576308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576308" title="Massimo Crippa">
Massimo Crippa

Massimo Crippa (born May 17, 1965; Seregno, Italy), is a former Italian international footballer playing as a midfielder and the current sports manager of Renate.
Career.
Club.
A determined and physically powerful player, Crippa began his playing career in the Eccellenza Lombardy - the sixth tier of Italian club football - playing for FBC Saronno for two seasons before moving to his hometown club, Seregno. His performances earned him a move to nearby Serie C2 club Pavia in the summer of 1986. After only one season with the club, he moved to Torino in Serie A. In the 1987-88 season he scored three goals for the Turin club in 29 league appearances.
Crippa left Torino in the summer of 1988 to join Napoli. Playing behind Diego Maradona, who was at the peak of his abilities, Crippa joined a strong midfield that also included Alemão, Fernando De Napoli and Francesco Romano. In his first season with the club, Crippa helped Napoli to finish second in Serie A and to win the UEFA Cup, beating VfB Stuttgart in the final. He helped Napoli to fend off the challenge of A.C. Milan to win the Scudetto in the following season. He scored a goal as Napoli defeated Juventus 5-1 in the 1990 Supercoppa Italiana.
Crippa moved to Parma in the summer of 1993 and in his first season he was part of the team that won the UEFA Super Cup over two legs against A.C. Milan. Parma lost the first leg, played at the Stadio Ennio Tardini, 0-1, but won the second leg 2-0 with Crippa scoring the decisive goal in extra time. Crippa won his second UEFA Cup at the end of the 1994-95 season as Parma defeated Juventus 2-1 on aggregate. Parma had finished second behind Juventus in that season's Serie A, and would do so again in the 1995-96 season. Crippa was part of Parma's first ever Champions League campaign in 1997-98.
In 1998, Crippa returned to Torino, who were playing in Serie B; the team were promoted in his first season back at the club. He returned to the Eccellenza Lombardy in 2000 with Canzese playing until 2002. He finished his career in 2003 playing for Seregno, the club of his city.
International career.
After playing for the under-21 team, Crippa went on to make 17 appearances for Italy. He scored his only international goal in a 3-1 friendly win against Turkey on December 14, 1994. Crippa also represented Italy at two Olympic Games: Seoul 1988, in which he scored the decisive goal in the 2-1 quarter-final victory against Sweden, and Atlanta 1996.
Manager.
Since the summer 2010 Crippa is the current sports manager of Renate in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.

</doc>
<doc id="20576320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576320" title="Dar Al Shifaa Hospital">
Dar Al Shifaa Hospital

Dar Al Shifaa is a general medical and surgical hospital owned by Ismail alkhaja & sons, located in Abu Dhabi city, United Arab Emirates.
It is the first private hospital in Abu Dhabi licensed by the Ministry of Health in April 1982.It has ER, Operating theatre, delivery room, 16 rooms inpatient and 20 outpatient clinics.

</doc>
<doc id="20576368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576368" title="Whistler Group">
Whistler Group

Whistler Group is an electronics company based in Bentonville, Arkansas, and is best known for its radar detectors. The company also manufactures power inverters and GPS navigation devices.

</doc>
<doc id="20576375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576375" title="Vermont Route 207">
Vermont Route 207

Vermont Route 207 is a north–south state highway in Franklin County, Vermont, United States. It begins in the town of St. Albans at U.S. Route 7 and runs north to the small village of Morses Line within the town of Franklin, where it intersects Vermont Route 235 about south of the Canadian border. North of VT 78, the route is town-maintained and internally designated as major collector 297.
Route description.
Route 207 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 7 north of St. Albans. It starts its journey north by immediately interchanging with Interstate 89 at Exit 20. It continues to roughly parallel the Interstate before turning northeast and crossing into the town of Highgate, where it meets and briefly overlaps with Route 78. Route 207 continues north out of Highgate into the extreme northern reaches of the state. About south of the Canadian border, Route 207 cuts to the east into the small village of Morses Line, where it ends at Route 235. Route 235 continues north into Quebec, where it becomes Quebec Route 235.

</doc>
<doc id="20576393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576393" title="Nhuan Xuan Le">
Nhuan Xuan Le

Lê Xuân Nhuận (Westernised arrangement: Nhuan Xuan Le or Nhuan X. Le or Nhuan Le), born on January 2, 1930 in Huế (Vietnam), is a Vietnamese-American poet/writer under the pen name "Thanh-Thanh".
He created and leads the ""Xây-Dựng"" literary society and publshing house that was recognized at the unique pre-1975 Vietnam Cultural Festival as one branch of the ancient Vietnam Culture Tree.
He was among the rare Vietnamese who have, since 1947, opposed all the political regimes in Vietnam: France's colonialism, Emperor Bảo Đại's feudalism, President Ngô Đình Diệm's dictatorship, President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu's stratocracy, and communism.
He had consequently been at times fired, arrested, imprisoned, demoted, put under house arrest, exiled, persecuted...
But, although he did not agree with and was ill-treated by the French, Bảo Đại, Ngô Đình Diệm, and Nguyễn Văn Thiệu, he had zealously served under them, against communism above all, and, as a Human Rights defender, effectively contributed to glorifying "the "True", the "Good", and the "Beautiful"."
He was finally admitted to the United States as a political refugee in 1992.
As a poet, he composes his own poems in English and translates other authors' works into English verse.
He recently published "Poems by Selected Vietnamese", introducing over 100 pieces by 55 poets living in the USA, Canada, Australia, France, Belgium, Germany, Norway and Vietnam.
He is a member of International PEN (Center USA).
Early life.
Lê Xuân Nhuận's father was a native of Hà Nội (Northern Vietnam) who came to Huế, the then imperial capital (Central Vietnam) to be a mandarin under Emperor Bảo Đại who had been at school in France. His mother, a native of Huế, was daughter of a royal physician under Emperor Khải Định (Bảo Đại's father).
He went to school in Huế, and was many years chosen as one of the best schoolboys to receive awards presented by Empress Nam Phuong (Bảo Đại's wife).
He had, at the age of 13, his first poems and short stories published in various famous magazines in Ha Noi, the then literary capital of the country.
He also was politically influenced by his teacher, Tráng Cử, son of Prince Cường Để, who had been in Japan, operating against the French colonialists in Vietnam.
His first years of high school was at the well-known Quoc Hoc - Hue High School for the Gifted.
French Occupation & Bảo Đại's Puppet Administration.
The French rulers were ousted by the Imperial Japanese Army in March 1945; then Emperor Bảo Đại was dethroned by the Vietnamese Communist Party (Việt Minh) in August that year.
When World War II ended, the French expeditionary forces re-occupied most parts of Vietnam.
From 1947 to 1954, Lê Xuân Nhuận co-operated with the various newspapers in Hué City, especially the two opposition bi-weeklies "Công Lý" ("Justice") and "Dân Đen" ("The Pariah") issued throughout the Central Vietnam Region. He was permanently threatened by both the French Federal Security (Liêm Phóng Liên Bang) and the Vietnamese Nationalist Security (Công An Quốc Gia) Services.
When he wrote the fictitious novel "Trai Thời Loạn" ("Wartime Youths"), implying resistance to the French who wanted to re-establish their domination over Vietnam, and ex-Emperor Bảo Đại who wanted to restore his reign, Nhuận was consequently arrested and imprisoned, in 1949.
In 1954, he was mobilized, as a professional (writer/journalist), into the French-supported Vietnamese National Army.
He served at the Second Military Region Headquarters, as war correspondent, military press editor, Psychological Warfare lecturer, and Chief of the radio broadcasting bureau "Voice of the Army, Central Vietnam." 
During that period, Nhuận succeeded in creating the "Xây-Dựng" literary group composed of dozens of well-known poets/writers, and its publishing section which produced tens of valued works.
Ngo Đinh Diem's Dictatorship.
When Ngo Đinh Diem was appointed Prime Minister by Bảo Đại, the then Chief of State of Vietnam :vi:Quoc gia Viet nam, he was resisted by many people, especially the State of Vietnam's Army headed by General Nguyễn Văn Hinh, son of ex-Premier Nguyễn Văn Tâm, who both were pro-French.
The Geneva Conference (1954) resulted in dividing the country into two, putting North Vietnam under the Vietnamese communists.
Lê Xuân Nhuận realized that Diem was supported by the United States, and the US wanted to help South Vietnam get rid of the French colonists and fight against the Communists. He refused to obey orders by Nguyễn Văn Hinh and Trương Văn Xương, the Second Military Region Commander, who tried to step up the campaign against Ngo Đinh Diem.
Nhuận separated himself from the Headquarters and used the "Voice of the Army from Central Vietnam" to support Diem in Saigon, the new capital of South Vietnam, so that the Hinh and Xuong's efforts were ineffective in the Central Region, and this encouraged and helped pro-Diem elements to succeed in the Southern Region.
Nhuận taught, with the USIS and American Consulate General's help, the first ever English-by-Radio course for Vietnamese listeners.
Ngo Đinh Diem deposed Bảo Đại (by a referendum in which Nhuan played an active role), became president of the newly created Republic of Vietnam ("Việt Nam Cộng Hòa") in 1955.
Nhuận's "Xây-Dựng" group was recognized in the National Cultural Festival as one of the main branches of Vietnam Cultural Tree, for its achievements.
But Diem and his government grew gradually arbitrary and lost the support of the people [http://www.answers.com/topic/ngo-dinh-diem].
Nhuan, chief of administrative police in Huế, as the main lecturer for a political and civic course at the Police Department, denounced the evils of Ngo Dinh Diem's faction :vi:Cần lao Nhân vị. This happened even before the historic "Caravelle" event. He was therefore degraded, put under house arrest, and then banished from Huế to "Cao Nguyên" (now called Tây Nguyên), the officially categorized "malarian and dangerous" region, in 1960.
Diem and his brother, Advisor Ngô Đình Nhu, launched an offensive against the main Buddhist Buddhism temples and leaders :vi:Giáo hội Phật giáo Việt Nam Thống nhất, contrary to US President John F. Kennedy's advice, and then secretly contacted the enemy in 1963.
At that time Nhuận served in the CIO Central Intelligence Organization or :vi:Phủ Đặc ủy Trung ương Tình báo's SOC "Đoàn Công-Tác Đặc-Biệt" and taught English at the "Duy Tân" High School in Buôn Ma Thuột.
Nguyễn Văn Thiệu's Stratocracy.
After the 1963 November coup in which Ngo Đinh Diem was killed, the R-VN was ruled by the generals, including Nguyễn Văn Thiệu, Nguyễn Cao Kỳ.
Nhuận was made Chief of National Police, Trưởng Ty Cảnh Sát Quốc Gia, for Quảng Đức Province.
In the 1967 Presidential Election, Nguyễn Cao Kỳ schemed to overthrow Nguyễn Văn Thiệu. Realizing that Thiệu was better than Kỳ, Nhuan, as Director of Police Special Branch (Public Safety & Counter-Intelligence), Giám Đốc Cảnh Sát Đặc Biệt, for Region II, seated in Pleiku, disclosed the conspiracy to his CIA advisers and asked them to stop the plot, which they did; and Nguyễn Văn Thiệu was elected president.
But Nhuan soon saw signs of Thiệu's stratocracy and officially voiced his opinion, for which he lost his position, at the beginning of the 1970s.
He cooperated with the U.S. "Phượng Hoàng" (Phoenix Program) Advisors in Military Region II in Nha Trang to create a training center where he was a lecturer.
After the 1973 Paris Peace Accords to end the Vietnam War, Nhuan was appointed Director of Police Special Branch for Region I (while General Ngô Quang Trưởng was Commanding General of Military Region I), stationed in Đà Nẵng, in order not only to neutralize the VC infrastructure but also to fix the internal affairs already uncontrollable there. Nhuận succeeded in ending all Vietnamese Communist activities, and stabilizing the then-chaotic political [http://www.vietquoc.org/modules.php?file=article&name=News&sid=238] and religious situation, in all those six northern cities of the country, during his one-and-a-half-year assignment, prior to the RVN total fall in 1975.
He cooperated with the CIA in 1973-75 in infiltrating Polish and Hungarian secret agents into their communist parties and governments, which lead to the collapse of the Eastern European Communist systems in the late 1980s.
Vietnamese Communist Regime.
North Vietnam as communist Democratic Republic of Vietnam's Army took over Saigon, capital of South Vietnam, and nationalist Republic of Vietnam dissolved on April 30, 1975 :vi:Sự kiện 30 tháng 4, 1975.
Prior to that "Tháng Tư Đen" Black April, which actually ended the VietNam War, Lê Xuân Nhuận was captured by the enemy on 4-17-1975, after the fall of Da Nang on March 29. He was imprisoned :vi:Học tập cải tạo at many so-called reeducation camps, until 4-20-1987.
While enduring hard labor, starvation, illnesses, exhaustion, moral persecution [http://vi.wiktionary.org/wiki/t%E1%BA%A9y_n%C3%A3o], despair, during over a dozen years, he tried to create in his mind numerous poems, a lot of them were forgotten through time in jail and many more years under surveillance afterwards. The remaining pieces were later printed in the Free World, under the title ""Cơn Ác Mộng"" (The Nightmare).
Eventually, he received asylum in the United States, as a former political prisoner, a political refugee.
New Life in the United States.
Owing to the Orderly Departure Program, "Chương Trình H.O.", Lê Xuân Nhuận came to the United States, together with his wife and two unmarried daughters (he has six children) on January 17, 1992.
He started his new life by going to US schools, writing memoirs, composing poetry in English, translating Vietnamese poems into English verse, contributing his writings to US and UK magazines and anthologies, and publishing books.
While researching political and religious matters, he found out that the Marian Apparitions in La Vang, Quảng Trị, Vietnam, was a mere fabrication (based on various writings by well-known Vietnamese priests, bishops, and Catholic scholars, some of which he had happened to read tens of years ago). - This was later confirmed by Catholic writer Nguyễn Lý Tưởng, and ultimately Pope John Paul II on the "Bicentenary of Our Lady's Apparitions in La Vang in 1998." - He became an American citizen in 1997 and is a member of International PEN (PEN Center USA).
His other pseudonyms include "Kiều Ngọc" (prose), "Nguyệt Cầm" (drama), "Người Thơ" (critique), "Tú Ngông" (satire), "Đức Cố Lê" (research).
In the US, his has contributed poems to more than 30 anthologies of English poetry, and some English magazines - His new works have recently been published:

</doc>
<doc id="20576445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576445" title="Black Hills (disambiguation)">
Black Hills (disambiguation)

Black Hills may refer to:
Other uses include

</doc>
<doc id="20576448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576448" title="Oncotheca">
Oncotheca

Oncotheca is a genus of tree endemic to New Caledonia. There are two species, "O. macrocarpa" and "O. balansae".
"Oncotheca" is placed alone in family Oncothecaceae. This family has previously been placed in the Theales order, and in its own order, Oncothecales, but is currently left unplaced as to order in the asterids clade.

</doc>
<doc id="20576463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576463" title="Procedural drama">
Procedural drama

A procedural drama is a genre of television programming which focuses on how crimes are solved or some other aspect of a law enforcement agency, legislative body, or court of law. Some dramas include a lab or conference room with high-tech or state-of-the-art equipment where the main characters meet to work out the problem. Shows usually have an episodic format that does not require the viewer to have seen previous episodes. Episodes typically have a self-contained, also referred to as stand-alone, plot that is introduced and resolved within the same episode. This format is often referred to as "case-of-the-week". Procedurals are typically contrasted with serial dramas which rely more on story arcs.
The procedural format is popular around the world. In 2011, the director of a TV consultancy said, "The continuing trend is for procedurals because they use a predictable structure." Due to their stand-alone episodic nature, they are more accessible to new viewers than serials. Self-contained episodes also make it easier for viewers to return to a show if they have missed some episodes. In general, procedural dramas can usually be re-run with little concern for episode order.
Procedurals are often criticized for being . Procedurals are also generally less character-driven than serialized shows. However, some procedurals have more character emphasis than is typical of the format. Some may occasionally feature a storyline stretching over several episodes.
A popular variant is the police procedural.

</doc>
<doc id="20576488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576488" title="Ambrosia Parsley">
Ambrosia Parsley

Ambrosia Parsley is an American alternative pop/rock singer-songwriter. She began her career in 1999 as the lead singer of Shivaree (band) accompanied by Danny McGough (keyboard), and Duke McVinnie (guitar).
History.
Ambrosia Parsley has released 4 studio albums and 2 EPs with Shivaree. In addition to her work with Shivaree, Parsley has appeared on Mocean Worker's album "Enter the Mowo", Verbena's "La Musica Negra" and has been featured in many other works by other artists.
Ambrosia Sings The News.
In April 2004, Ambrosia Parsley embarked on a project for the liberal radio station Air America called "Ambrosia Sings the News" — a short song (always the same melody), usually under a minute or so long that attempted to encapsulate the contents of the previous week's headlines. Approximately 47-50 installments of "Ambrosia Sings the News" were aired with some being live performances. The show was successful enough that a single titled "2004 (The Year In Review...For Anyone Who Can Bear the Mere Thought)" that summarized exactly what the title suggests was sold exclusively via iTunes.
Ambrosia Parsley Solo Album Debut.
According to a Rounder Records publicist, Ambrosia was to release her debut solo album in the spring of 2008 but the album was never released. The reasons as to why her solo album was not released in 2008 is unknown but as of October 2009 through non-official sources it was confirmed that Parsley continues to work on her solo album and will eventually see its release.
On April 2010 the song "Rubble" was presented on Parsley's official website as the first single of the yet-untitled solo album. The single became available for listening as streaming audio and a free download was available directly from the site. 
On October 7, 2010 a message was posted on Parsley's official Facebook account that stated "Ambrosia has been hard at work on a solo project with the esteemed Elegant Too duo of Chris Maxwell and Phil Hernandez (Ray Davies, Yoko Ono, Fred Schneider, Jon Spencer, some others) and they’re threatening to debut a collection of heretofore unheard/unholy goods." On October 10, 2010 she debuted 3 new songs, "My Knees", "The Waltz" and "Make Me Laugh" in a small live performance in Phoenicia, New York confirming that the solo album is on its way. 
On December 6, 2010 Parsley confirmed the album would be released in 2011 by saying "Finishing up in January. Hoping for a spring release" and also confirmed another track from the album titled "Weeping Cherry".
On April 1, 2011 Ambrosia Parsley's official website was remodeled with new pictures, a live performance announcement, contact information, and a new song titled "The Other Side". The new track became available for free download in the same fashion that "Rubble" did.
Ambrosia Parsley (Solo work & Collaborations).
Aside from the work She has done with Shivaree, Ambrosia Parsley has done some collaborations with other artists and a couple of Solo tracks that have become available to the public through projects/albums of others. 
Tracks that Parsley participated in are:

</doc>
<doc id="20576509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576509" title="Jun Muramatsu">
Jun Muramatsu


</doc>
<doc id="20576513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576513" title="Cephalopholis formosa">
Cephalopholis formosa

A Grouper from the Indo-West Pacific that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 34cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20576528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576528" title="W. J. Younger">
W. J. Younger

W. J. Younger (1838-1920) was an American dentist who performed some of the earliest and most groundbreaking research in the field of periodontology.
Work in the field of periodontology.
Younger was a follower of John W. Riggs, the first American periodontist. In 1893, he was the first to consider periodontal disease an infection and was the first to discuss the possibility of "periodontal reattachment," a process in which gingival graft tissue could be removed from one site in the mouth and properly reattached to the alveolar bone.
in 1902, Younger reported the first gingival graft, in which he removed tissue "from behind the third molar" and reattached it near the canine tooth, claiming the surgery to have been a success.
Younger practiced for some time in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20576532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576532" title="Cephalopholis fulva">
Cephalopholis fulva

A Grouper from the Western Atlantic that occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 41cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20576540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576540" title="Jan Šrámek">
Jan Šrámek

Jan Šrámek (November 8, 1870, Grygov, Moravia - April 22, 1956, Prague) was Prime Minister of the Czechoslovak government-in-exile from July 21, 1940 to April 5, 1945. He was the first chairman of the Czechoslovak People's Party and was a Monsignor.
From 1945 on Czechoslovakia was ruled by the Communist-dominated National Front which also included Šrámek's People's Party. Šrámek and his co-partisans worried about the increasing role of the communist party. Since 1947 the popular support for communists started to diminish. In order to consolidate power, communists carried out a coup in February 1948. Mgr. Šrámek had to resign as the chairman of the People's Party. His successor Alois Petr, and priest Josef Plojhar, a "strong man" within the People's Party, supported unconditional collaboration with communists.
Mgr. Jan Šrámek died 22 April 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20576543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576543" title="Takuro Kikuoka">
Takuro Kikuoka


</doc>
<doc id="20576545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576545" title="Function application">
Function application

In mathematics, function application is the act of applying a function to an argument from its domain so as to obtain the corresponding value from its range.
Representation.
Function application is usually depicted by juxtaposing the variable representing the function with its argument encompassed in parentheses. For example, the following expression represents the application of the function "ƒ" to its argument "x".
In some instances, a different notation is used where the parentheses aren't required, and function application can be expressed just by juxtaposition. For example, the following expression can be considered the same as the previous one:
The latter notation is especially useful in combination with the currying isomorphism. Given a function formula_3, its application is represented as formula_4 by the former notation and formula_5 by the latter. However, functions in curried form formula_6 can be represented by juxtaposing their arguments: formula_7, rather than formula_8. This relies on function application being left-associative.
As an operator.
Function application can be trivially defined as an operator, called Apply or formula_9, by the following definition:
The operator may also be denoted by a backtick (`).
If the operator is understood to be of low precedence and right-associative, the application operator can be used to cut down on the number of parentheses needed in an expression. For example;
can be rewritten as:
However, this is perhaps more clearly expressed by using function composition instead:
Other instances.
Function application in the lambda calculus is expressed by β-reduction.
The Curry-Howard correspondence relates function application to the logical rule of modus ponens.

</doc>
<doc id="20576547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576547" title="Rhapsody Originals (album)">
Rhapsody Originals (album)

Rhapsody Originals is a live recording of rock group P.O.D. made exclusively for Rhapsody released on December 2, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20576557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576557" title="Per Scholas">
Per Scholas

Per Scholas is a United States registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit social venture committed to breaking the cycle of poverty by creating technology education, training and career opportunities for low-income individuals. Its flagship initiative is a free, multi-week, immersive IT job training course, which has helped over 4,500 low-income and unemployed individuals, more than 90% from racial and ethnic minority communities, gain skills and establish new careers in information technology since 1998.
Per Scholas was founded and is based in NYC’s South Bronx, the nation’s poorest Congressional District, where nearly 450 students are enrolled each year. It also operates a tech training lab for students in downtown Brooklyn. In October 2012, with inaugural support from JPMorgan Chase and the Creating IT Futures Foundation (CompTIA’s philanthropic arm), Per Scholas launched a second training location in Columbus, OH, serving 80 individuals a year. In August 2013, Per Scholas opened its third operation in Cincinnati, OH. Two more sites will be added in 2014 as part of the organization's national expansion plan. 
Mission.
Breaking the cycle of poverty by providing technology education, access, and job training for individuals and families in low-income communities.
IT training program.
Per Scholas offers a targeted range of free professional IT training courses from its operations that vary based on local market demands. Each Per Scholas program, no matter where it operates, combines three essential components in its free services:
• High quality, hands-on technical skills training led by certified and experienced instructors, with a curriculum designed to help students achieve successful completion of one or more IT professional certification exams.
• Extensive “soft skills” instruction, including life skills (personal planning, finance), job-seeking skills (resume preparation, interviewing and job negotiation); and workplace skills (teamwork, communication, presentation, customer service, etc.).
• Ongoing, individualized support for job placement, personal and career development.
The success of the Per Scholas training programs (relative to earlier workforce development programs) is attributed in large part to its understanding of the industries its students will enter. The organization works in close partnership with many prominent corporations, its instructors are experienced experts in the field, and its leadership consists of leading professionals in the IT field. Training is also structured to fill specific demands in the labor force.
A key objective of the program is the development of a strategic career pathway model that leads to the creation of “new” middle skilled workers. Per Scholas’ outcomes — proven in a five-year, randomized and controlled study undertaken by Public/Private Ventures with funding from the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation — are dramatically better than those arising from generic workforce development efforts, or even from community colleges and technical schools. Unlike a large majority of students at the latter institutions, 85% of Per Scholas students graduate, and an equal percentage of graduates demonstrate their learning by earning industry-recognized IT professional certifications. With time, 80% of graduates land jobs: nine out of ten in IT-specific roles. Further, Per Scholas continues to support its graduates after their placements, with a program of follow-on training, career development and other services.
The programs are funded by a diverse makeup of partners who include the world’s leading corporations and foundations, along with numerous public agencies, elected officials and other valued stakeholders. These and many other partners, large and small, don’t just fund our programs, either. They evaluate and advise our training curriculum. They host site visits and tours for our students. They provide volunteers to conduct mock interviews and resume-building sessions, and then provide internships and jobs to our graduates. We are proud of their diversity, breadth and depth of commitment.
Recognition.
In 2012, Per Scholas was named one of America's top-performing nonprofit organizations by the Social Impact Exchange S&100 Index for its impressive outcomes and results-driven work.
Per Scholas received a Heroes Award from the Robin Hood Foundation in 2011.
Leadership.
The Per Scholas board of directors includes several prominent professionals in the IT field. Current Chairman Lewis E. Miller is the president of Qvidian, a provider of cloud-computing applications, and was previously CEO of Synergistics and The Future Now, Inc.
Founder and Chairman Emeritus current John Hoyt Stookey was chairman, president and CEO of Quantum through 1993, and has held positions on various boards since retiring in 1995.
CEO and President Plinio Ayala was previously director of program operations at SOBRO. In 2006 he received the Liberty Award from the "New York Post" for his work in the NYC community and in 2005 was issued a Citation of Merit by the Bronx Borough President.

</doc>
<doc id="20576563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576563" title="Cephalopholis panamensis">
Cephalopholis panamensis

Cephalopholis panamensis is a grouper fish from the Eastern Pacific Ocean. It is common and shy, and occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 31cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20576573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576573" title="Cephalopholis polleni">
Cephalopholis polleni

Cephalopholis polleni is a grouper fish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 43cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20576622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576622" title="Mitsuru Mansho">
Mitsuru Mansho


</doc>
<doc id="20576634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576634" title="2009 Liberty Bowl">
2009 Liberty Bowl

The 2009 AutoZone Liberty Bowl is the fiftieth annual college football bowl game, and was played at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee on January 2, 2009 as part of the 2008-09 bowl season. The East Carolina Pirates accepted their invitation after their victory over the Tulsa Golden Hurricane in the 2008 Conference USA Championship Game. The Kentucky Wildcats of the Southeastern Conference also accepted their invitation. 
East Carolina entered the game with a record of 9-4 and had been ranked as high as #15 in the AP poll during the season; Kentucky was 6-6 and unranked.
The Kentucky Wildcats defeated the East Carolina Pirates by a score of 25-19.
East Carolina led through much of the game; late in the fourth quarter Kentucky defensive tackle Ventrell Jenkins picked up a fumble and returned it 56 yards for the game winning touchdown. Jenkins was named the Most Valuable Player of the 2009 Liberty Bowl. The fumble recovery and return, marked by a vicious stiff arm Jenkins put on the opposing quarterback, received generous replay during bowl game broadcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="20576638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576638" title="Box Springs Mountains">
Box Springs Mountains

The Box Springs Mountains are a mountain range in northwest Riverside County, California, United States. The highest peak in the range is Box Springs Mountain which is just over .

</doc>
<doc id="20576645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576645" title="Cephalopholis urodeta">
Cephalopholis urodeta

Cephalopholis urodeta, known commonly as the Flagtail Grouper or also V-tail Grouper, is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.
The Flagtail Grouper is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area, Red Sea excluded.
The V-tail Grouper is a medium size fish and can reach a maximum size of 28 cm length .

</doc>
<doc id="20576661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576661" title="Ko Ishikawa">
Ko Ishikawa

Ko Ishikawa (born March 10, 1970 in Santa Cruz, Bolivia) is a former Japanese-Bolivian football defender (Right back).
Career.
Ko Ishikawa established himself as one of the most unflappable defenders in the league as a wing back at Verdy Kawasaki in the early 1990s, and he maintained that reputation for almost ten years. Though his speed on the overlap began to fade as he got older, Ishikawa was a key contributor on offense as well, with a very accurate cross. Born in Bolivia to a Japanese foreign affairs official, he began playing football at a young age for the renowned and prestigious Tahuichi Academy. Considering his good form, Ishikawa was selected to play for Bolivia in the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship held in China and the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship held in Canada. In his younger years, when he had the speed to outrun defenders down the right wing, he could be truly dangerous on both ends, but his specialty was always on defense. He developed good instincts and positioning during a short stint in Brazil, before the J.League was created, and returned to Japan to join Verdy Kawasaki in 1992 as one of the new league's young stars. He was a member of two championship teams with Verdy, and helped Grampus to an Emperor's Cup crown. Even though he maintained a steady performance down through the years, he was never considered for the Japan national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20576664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576664" title="Evgraf Litkens">
Evgraf Litkens

Evgraf Alexandrovich Litkens (; 1888 - 1922) was a Russian Bolshevik who played a major role in the development of Narkompros following the Bolshevik seizure of power.
As a small boy Evgraf Litkens met Trotsky, when his father harboured Trotsky following the defeat of the 1905 Revolution. He was a graduate of the University of St Petersburg.
In 1917 he was given a mandate from the Central Committee of the Russian Communist Party to reorganise Narkompros, making it a more efficient organisation.
He was murdered by Crimean bandits in Yalta in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20576674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576674" title="Norling Drayang">
Norling Drayang

Norling Drayang is a pioneer in music and film production in the Kingdom of Bhutan. Since its establishment in 1994, Norling Drayang has released more than 150 music albums and 4 feature films to date. With the release of its first blockbuster "Jigdrel," Norling Drayang was recognized as the first production company to release a commercial feature film in Bhutan. "Bhu Tashi", "Rangdol & Yangdon" and "Tshey Ngoen Ley Thro" followed subsequently making blockbuster hits in the kingdom.
The company is currently in the process of filming its next movie, which is based on the biography of a legendary Buddhist Prince, Gyalsey Drimed Kuenden. It is expected to be released by June 2014.
Norling Drayang's mission is to promote the Bhutanese entertainment industry while preserving the unique culture and tradition of Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="20576675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576675" title="Shogo Shiozawa">
Shogo Shiozawa

Shiozawa previously played for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20576676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576676" title="Wonder Mountain Wilderness">
Wonder Mountain Wilderness

Wonder Mountain Wilderness is a designated wilderness area encompassing Wonder Mountain in the Olympic National Forest on the Olympic Peninsula of Washington in the United States. The wilderness was established in 1984 and comprises . It borders Olympic National Park and is administered by the US Forest Service.
Wonder Mountain Wilderness is roughly triangle-shaped. A high ridge encompasses the southern point of the triangle, rising to the peak of Wonder Mountain. Below the summit stands a heavy forest of western hemlock, Douglas fir, and silver fir. Alder, willow, and vine maple grow along McKay Creek and Five Stream, both of which are have their headwaters in the wilderness. Huckleberry and thimbleberry are also common.
There are no trails leading into or through Wonder Mountain Wilderness. Two forest roads that run near the southeast and southwest borders close to motor vehicles in fall and winter to provide protection for wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="20576678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576678" title="Cephalopholis spiloparaea">
Cephalopholis spiloparaea

Cephalopholis spiloparaea, known commonly as the Strawberry Hind or Orange-red Pigmy Grouper, is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.
The Strawberry Hind is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific area, Red Sea excluded.
The Orange-red Pigmy Grouper is a medium size fish and can reach a maximum size of 30 cm length.

</doc>
<doc id="20576694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576694" title="Cephalopholis urodelus">
Cephalopholis urodelus

Cephalopholis urodelus is a grouper fish from the Indo-Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20576695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576695" title="Poppin' (album)">
Poppin' (album)

Poppin' is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley first released on Blue Note Japan in 1980 as GXF 3066 (the BN catalogue number is 1620). It was recorded on October 20, 1957 and features Mobley, Art Farmer, Pepper Adams, Sonny Clark, Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 4 stars stating "All of the musicians turn in fine performances (Clark in particular stands out with his lithe solos and tasteful accompaniment), and the result is a winning collection of straight-ahead hard bop that ranks as another solid addition to Mobley's strong catalog.".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Hank Mobley except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="20576696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576696" title="Ketil">
Ketil

Ketil is a Norwegian masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20576704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576704" title="Kentucky Route 716">
Kentucky Route 716

Kentucky Route 716 (KY 716) is a , north–south highway running through Summit, in Boyd County.
Route description.
KY 716 begins at the intersection of Little Garner Road and U.S. Route 60 (US 60) in Summit. It heads west along Little Garner Road for , where it intersects KY 3293 and Summit Road. It turns north onto Summit Road, which it stays on for the rest of its route. The road passes the Federal Correctional Institution, Ashland. Just short of a railroad crossing, it intersects Roberts Road, which carries KY 3292. KY 716 crosses the railroad tracks and continues north. The route ends at KY 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20576708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576708" title="Hélie de Talleyrand-Périgord, Duke of Sagan">
Hélie de Talleyrand-Périgord, Duke of Sagan

Hélie de Talleyrand-Périgord (1859–1937), duke of Talleyrand, prince, then duke of Sagan, was a French socialite and son of Boson de Talleyrand-Périgord.
Biography.
Talleyrand was born in 1859 and married Anna Gould in 1908. Anna was previously married (1895-1906) to his cousin, Comte Boni de Castellane, later Marquis de Castellane. They had the following children: 
Talleyrand died in 1937 of a heart attack in Paris France.

</doc>
<doc id="20576714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576714" title="Julian Sitkovetsky">
Julian Sitkovetsky

Julian (Yulian) Sitkovetsky (7 November 1925 – 23 February 1958) was a Russian-Ukrainian violinist. 
Biography.
Sitkovetsky was born in Kiev. He started violin lesson at age 4, first with his father, then with David Bertie at the Central School in Kiev. As a child prodigy, he was chosen to play for Jacques Thibaud at age 8. One year later, he played the Mendelssohn concerto with the Kiev Symphony. In 1939, he enrolled in the Moscow Central Music School, class of Abram Yampolsky, whose students include Leonid Kogan, Igor Besrodny and Rotislav Dubinsky.
In 1945 Julian Sitkovetsky won the All Soviet Union Young Performers Competition of piano, cello and violin (Sviatoslav Richter and Mstislav Rostropovich were the winners in piano and cello). In 1947, he shared First Prize at the Prague Festival with Leonid Kogan and Igor Besrodny.
He married pianist Bella Davidovich in 1950 and their son Dmitry Sitkovetsky (who became an eminent violinist and conductor) was born 2 years later. 
In 1952, he shared Second prize in the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition with Wanda Wilkomirska (first prize was Igor Oistrakh). In 1955 he won Second Prize at the Queen Elizabeth Music Competition. (Of which Yehudi Menuhin said: "...David Oistrakh and I were on the jury...he should have had First Prize...").
Julian Sitkovetsky never toured much, as he was diagnosed with lung cancer in 1956. He died in Moscow in 1958 at age 32.
Legacy.
Joseph Magil, critic (himself a violinist and violist) of the American Record Guide, said of Sitkovetsky : "...David Oistrakh said that, had he lived, Sitkovetsky would have eclipsed him and Kogan…. He had a broad, firm, focused tone in all registers; flawless intonation; a rapid, even trill; a swift, perfectly controlled staccato; strong, immaculate harmonics; an even, clear sautillé..."
Discography.
http://blog.roodo.com/milsteinheifetz/archives/17286.html

</doc>
<doc id="20576716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576716" title="Pennsylvania Dental College">
Pennsylvania Dental College

Pennsylvania Dental College may refer to the following institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="20576731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576731" title="Lucy Thompson">
Lucy Thompson

Lucy Thompson (1856–1932) is an author known for her 1916 "To the American Indian: Reminiscences of a Yurok Woman." She wrote the book to preserve her people's stories. The book received the American Book Award decades later. Outside the book she is known to have come from "Yurok aristocracy" and be married to a white man named Milton "Jim" Thompson. Hence she had some intention to make sympathetic whites understand her people better although she also criticized "whites" for practices like over-fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20576736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576736" title="Takuya Shiihara">
Takuya Shiihara


</doc>
<doc id="20576753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20576753" title="Pollini">
Pollini

Pollini may refer to:

</doc>
