<doc id="20664974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20664974" title="Hof Hauptbahnhof">
Hof Hauptbahnhof

Hof Hauptbahnhof (German for "Hof main station"; sometimes translated as "Hof Central Station" or described as "Hof central station" in English) is the main railway station in Hof in southern Germany and is situated at the intersection of the Saxon-Franconian trunk line ("Magistrale") and the Munich–Regensburg–Leipzig–Berlin line. When it was opened it formed the boundary between the former Bavarian Ludwig South-North Railway Lindau–Hof to the Saxon-Bavarian Railway on the Saxon side from Hof–Leipzig.
Today the Deutsche Bahn has classified Hof Hauptbahnhof as category 3 – a regional hub/long-distance stop.
Lines.
The Regensburg–Hof, Bamberg–Hof and Leipzig–Hof main lines all meet at Hof Hauptbahnhof, as does the Hof–Bad Steben branch line. Long-distance services from Nuremberg via Hof to Dresden are also referred to as the Franconia-Saxony trunk line ("Franken-Sachsen-Magistrale").
History.
After the old Hof station north of the city centre was no longer able to handle the growth in traffic, the Bavarian and Saxon railway administrations built a common, large-scale, through station between 1874 and 1880 west of the city, which was both the boundary and border station between the Royal Bavarian State Railways (K.Bay.Sts.B.) and the Royal Saxon State Railways (K.Sächs.Sts.E.B.). The new Hauptbahnhof was connected to the city centre through the new Hof tramway system, which appeared in 1901. Today buses have replaced the trams. The station comprised two halves, each of which had all the necessary operating facilities (locomotive shed, coal bunkers, locomotive depot ("Betriebswerk"), storage sidings, etc.). The southern side belonged to the Royal Bavarian State Railways; the northern half to the Royal Saxon State Railways.
The station building was designed in 1856 by the architect, Georg Friedrich Seidel (1823–1895), for the Royal Bavarian State Railways and was, like the entire station, laid out perfectly symmetrically. The border between the two railway administrations ran exactly through the middle of the station building, along the axis of symmetry. In this building there was a magnificent royal waiting room ("Königssaal").
The symmetry of the station was given up on the founding of the Deutsche Reichsbahn. The superfluous and duplicated buildings were knocked down over time or used for other purposes. Above the entrance on the station forecourt and in the main hall on the track side the royal coats of arms of Bavaria and Saxony are still to be found today. The royal waiting room has been fully preserved and restored. It belongs today to the station restaurant and is used for events and festivals.
Semaphore signals could still be seen in Hof Hauptbahnhof until 1974. On 22 September 1974 a new signal box went into service next to the station building. It was equipped with a modern relay interlocking system of the Siemens Sp Dr S 60 type with 2 train dispatchers ("Fahrdienstleiter" - "Fdl Nord" and "Fdl Süd") and colour light signals. The signalling installations controlled from Hof include the Hauptbahnhof itself and the adjoining routes to Feilitzsch, Oberkotzau and Hof-Neuhof, as well as the stations of Hof-Neuhof and Oberkotzau (the latter only at night). The old signal box was largely knocked down. The old 'Signal Box 8' at the northern station approach (by the "Kuhbogen" bridge) is today the home of the Hof Model Railway Club ("Modelleisenbahnhclubs MEC Hof").
Hof Hauptbahnhof is located between two bridges over the river Saale. To the south the Moschendorf bridge crosses the river between Oberkotzau and Hof in the district of Moschendorf; to the north the line switches from one side of the river to the other in the district of Unterkotzau at the Unterkotzau bridge between Hof and Feilitzsch.
Importance within German rail transport.
The importance of Hof Hauptbahnhof to the German railway system has varied significantly during its history.
To 1945.
During the state railway (("Länderbahn") era, Hof was the intersection of the Bavarian and Saxon state railways, as mentioned above, which required frequent locomotive changes at Hof with the corresponding cost in staff and materiel as well as two separate groups of operating facilities.
On the formation of the Deutsche Reichsbahn this expense became unnecessary. During that time, however, Hof became an important hub within the railway network between Dresden, Leipzig, Nürnberg, Bamberg, Regensburg and Pilsen and for regional traffic. This was due to the fact that several main lines converged here: the lines to Bamberg (Ludwig South-North Railway or Bamberg–Hof railway), Marktredwitz (Hof-Regensburg railway), Plauen (Saxon-Bavarian Railway) and Cheb (Eger) (Cheb–Oberkotzau railway–Hof) as well as branches into the surrounding area. During that period long-distance trains called regularly at Hof.
Passenger traffic since 1945.
After the Second World War Hof was cut off to the north and east by the Iron Curtain and returned to being just the junction between two railway administrations. The Höllen Valley railway ("Höllentalbahn") was closed and eventually lifted, the line from Hof to Eger only used for goods traffic, and one of the two tracks on the Hof-Plauen railway was dismantled for war reparations. All Deutsche Bundesbahn (DB) trains (with the exception of the inter-zonal trains from Regensburg/Munich and Nuremberg to Leipzig and Dresden and the transit trains to Berlin) began and ended in Hof. Locomotives on the interzonal and transit trains were exchanged in Hof. Trains to the German Democratic Republic (GDR) were hauled by Deutsche Reichsbahn locomotives, whilst trains from the GDR were hauled by DB trains. Despite that there were no border controls at Hof; that took place on the train or at the border station of Gutenfürst.
When the GDR began to collapse in 1989 (the time of the so-called "Wende" or political change) trains with refugees from the German embassy in Prague arrived at Hof and were greeted there by German politicians.
After the "Wende" the importance of Hof Hauptbahnhof for railway traffic initially rose once more. The Hof–Plauen railway was rebuilt with two tracks again. In 1991 a rapid regional link was in operation between Hof and Nuremberg using tilting trains of Class 610, which were also heavily used by passengers changing from Saxony and Thuringia. Interregio connexions between Stuttgart and Dresden (via Nuremberg, Hof and Chemnitz, the Saxon-Franconian trunk line) as well as Munich and Berlin (via Regensburg, Hof and Leipzig) were introduced and the pair of night trains from Munich to Berlin and Stuttgart to Dresden met daily in both directions at Hof and exchanged through coaches. In 2001 Hof was even an ICE stop after the link from Nuremberg to Dresden was upgraded to an ICE route with ICE-TD units. Thereafter the significance of Hof for rail traffic gradually receded again. After the withdrawal of the ICE-TD trains the Nuremberg–Dresden line was downgraded initially to an InterCity route again, using Class 612 trains. In 2006 however these were replaced by regional trains that plied between Nuremberg and Hof as well as Hof and Dresden and forced passengers to change at Hof. Likewise, the Interregio line, Munich-Berlin, was reduced to a regional service (with changes at Regensburg, Hof and Leipzig, and frequent stops), which actually led to a growth in passenger traffic on the ICE line Munich-Nuremberg–Bamberg–Leipzig–Berlin, but meant long waits for passengers in north-east Bavaria, because to get to Munich or Berlin a longer journey to Nuremberg or Bamberg was now needed. Meanwhile a regional through express runs every three hours between Hof and Munich. Similarly, on the introduction of a shut-down of operations on the Marktredwitz–Regensburg route, the crossing point of the Munich–Berlin and Stuttgart–Dresden night train pairs was moved to Nuremberg.
Since the switch from an Intercity link to an Interregioexpress service, the journey time on the Nuremberg–Hof–Dresden route has been reduced by 39 minutes, even though Hof is now no longer officially a long-distance stop.
Goods traffic.
On the western side of the station is the goods station with its former marshalling yard. The marshalling yard was heavily used until the 1990s and also served the industrial lines of several firms based there (including haulage firms, a mineral oil dealers with its own tank facilities and a scrap merchants). On the eastern side of the station, between the passenger station and the Saxon (northern) locomotive depot or Betriebswerk, is the railway post office hall, in which the post trains were made ready for dispatch. In addition, on the northern edge of the neighbouring station of Oberkotzau there was a small shunting yard with five tracks, the remains of another former marshalling yard which, until the mid-1920s, was linked with the goods station in Hof by a third track between Hof and Oberkotzau. After being closed for several years, a Hof haulage contractor opened a container station in about 2000 in the Hof goods station, which has been expanded several times. In the goods station today there are still twelve tracks, a hump at the northern end and a headshunt at the southern end, from which shunting is carried out. The marshalling sidings at Oberkotzau station, by contrast, were removed in 2000. Likewise, in the 1990s, the railway post hall was closed. Today only a branch of the Deutsche Post, between the former railway post hall and the passenger station, remains in operation - a relict of the railway postal services.
Bahnbetriebswerk Hof.
After the end of the "Länderbahn" era, the northern, Saxon "Betriebswerk" was united with the southern, Bavarian, one. At the end of the steam age the southern facilities of the depot were knocked down and replaced by new ones. This successor to the Bavarian depot has been further modernised and extended over the decades, and is still in operation today. The Saxon facilities, by contrast, were closed in the 1970s and largely broken up after that. Only the former locomotive shed 3 has been preserved. It has been used for years as a bus garage.
Until the 1990s, classes 211 (V 100) and 798 (railbus) were stabled here at Hof and, later, the Class 628 as well. After that, it increasingly lost its importance and was even threatened with closure at times.
After modernisation, at a cost of €4M, and expansion during 2000 and 2001 as the depot for the tilting trains of classes 612 and 605 (the latter until its withdrawal in December 2003), the future of the depot was secured. Today the "Betriebswerk" is the main base for DB Regio Oberfranken and the home for 45 Class 612 and 27 Class 628 units (as at 2007).
A major accident occurred at "Betriebswerk Hof" on 2 September 2001. The ICE-TD unit, number 605 009, fell from the lifting platform ("Hebebühne") and was badly damaged. The vehicle was initially kept for spare parts but, after the withdrawal of Class 605, it was taken away to Chemnitz for scrapping on the night of 18/19 April 2004 on a low loader.
Track numbering in the Hauptbahnhof.
Hof does not have the normal platform numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, etc. Instead the platforms are numbered 1a (southern stub track on the home platform), 1b (northern stub track on the home platform), 2 (home platform), 4 and 6 (second pair of platforms), and 8 and 10 (third pair). Even on the through platforms, the southern sections are indicated with an "a", and the northern sections with a "b" (2a/b, etc.). The missing numbers are, or were, allocated to operating tracks not used by scheduled passenger services.
The "Old Station".
Today, sections of the original Hof station have survived. The station was opened in 1848 as part of the Ludwig South-North Railway and Saxon-Bavarian Railway. It was situated near Hof city centre and was thus laid out as a terminal station. In the face of rising demand for a border station between Bavaria and Saxony, the old station rapidly proved inadequate. In 1880 it was replaced by the new Hauptbahnhof and closed.
The old station building stood on the site of the present-day town post office on "Dr.-Konrad-Adenauer-Platz" (lately "Postplatz", formerly "Bahnhofsplatz"). The post office at first used the station building of the old station. At the start of the 20th century the station building was replaced by a new post office block, that still exists today. Directly behind the post office – on Hallplatz – is another large section of the original "Einsteighalle" (boarding hall) of the old station. Over the course of time the hall was slightly shortened. It serves today as a storage hall for vehicles of the volunteer fire service in Hof, the "Freiwillige Feuerwehr Hof". In the yard of the former station on the edge of Hof's city centre there are still one or two former goods sheds. On the site of the first station the name of the restaurant, "Alter Bahnhof" opposite the post office recalls the existence of the old station as do plaques on the post office building and the "Einsteighalle".

</doc>
<doc id="20664980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20664980" title="Chapel Hill Historic District (Cumberland, Maryland)">
Chapel Hill Historic District (Cumberland, Maryland)

The Chapel Hill Historic District is a national historic district in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It is a mixed-use historic district of 810 contributing resources on located on the southeast side of Cumberland. It contains a mix of residential, commercial, and institutional buildings, with St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church on the highest point. The vast majority of the buildings were built between 1900 and 1910, and includes an extraordinary collection of double houses built for the industrial working class of the city.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20664987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20664987" title="2009 UCI ProTour">
2009 UCI ProTour

The 2009 UCI ProTour was the fifth series of the UCI ProTour. Two new teams, the American and the Russian , joined the ProTour, effectively taking over the licenses of and . Two existing teams changed title sponsors: from Denmark became , and changed name to . As in 2008, the races organized by the three Grand Tour organizers were not part of the ProTour. Rather than a ranking based only on the ProTour, the UCI designed a World Calendar, on which the Monument events and Grand Tours were included, with a corresponding 2009 UCI World Ranking.
The first race was the 2009 Tour Down Under in January, and the series ended with the 2009 GP Ouest-France in August.

</doc>
<doc id="20665003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665003" title="Matti Makkonen">
Matti Makkonen

Matti Makkonen (born. 1952 Suomussalmi) is a Finnish engineer in the field of mobile communications. He has been employed (among others) by Nokia Networks and Tele Finland, as well as Finnet Oy. Makkonen played a leading role in creating the mobile communication unit of what is today TeliaSonera.
Career.
"Sources:"
Makkonen graduated as an electrical engineer from the Oulu technical college in 1976. Subsequently, he worked at the Telecoms and Postal agency (PTL) as a systems engineer, developing wireless communications services for the NMT mobile networks (1976–1983). He was also the vice president of PTL 1984–1988 and at the same time actively involved in the development of the GSM-technology until 1988. He became the president of the mobile communication unit in 1989, which had been renamed Telecom Finland. He also served as the vice president of the Mobile Communications Group during 1995–2000. In 2000, he was briefly the president and board member of the Mobile Internet operator unit of the company, which at that point had been renamed Sonera. 
As of November 2000, Makkonen joined Nokia Networks Professional Services as the units director. He later became the CEO of Finnet Oy on 1 February 2003, a position which he held until 31 October 2005.
At the beginning of 2006, Makkonen served as a board member and consultant for Tieto-X and the PR agency Evia.
See also.
SMS

</doc>
<doc id="20665009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665009" title="Dionisie Ghermani">
Dionisie Ghermani

Dionisie Alexandru Ghermani (born 1922, Bucharest - July 5, 2009, Bucharest) was a professor, writer, philanthropist, and political activist.
Education and career.
Dionisie Alexandru Ghermani was born in Bucharest. His father, Dionisie Germani (Ghermani) (1877–1948), was an engineer, professor, dean of Construction Faculty of Polytechnic University of Bucharest, and a political activist of the fascist Iron Guard. Dionisie Ghermani attended Saint Sava National College until 1941 and then graduated from the University of Berlin.
While a student at the Saint Sava National College, Dionisie Ghermani joined the local organization of the Cross Brotherhood (Frăţia de Cruce), part of the Iron Guard. He became a leader of a Brotherhood of the Cross in Bucharest. After the unsuccessful Iron Guard Rebellion (January 21—January 23, 1941), he became a political exile in Berlin - Germany.
In 1944-1945, he was a collaborator of the Romanian National Government-in-exile in Vienna, led by Horia Sima. In 1945 became a prisoner of French occupation forces at Innsbruck-Reichenau concentration camp. In August 1946, Dionisie Ghermani was liberated from Innsbruck-Reichenau. Then, he collaborated with British intelligence.
He founded Institut für Rumänienforschung — Munich / Unterhaching (1987). Also, Dionisie Ghermani founded German Romanian Interdisciplinary Research Institute in Bucharest (1994) as a branch of Institut für Rumänienforschung; since 1995, it is autonomous.
Dionisie Ghermani died in Bucharest on July 5, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20665018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665018" title="Manifesto (disambiguation)">
Manifesto (disambiguation)

Manifesto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20665025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665025" title="Palepoli">
Palepoli

Palepoli is a progressive rock album released in 1973 by the Italian band Osanna, widely considered amongst the best in the Italian progressive rock genre. 
"Palepolis" was the name of the pre-Greek settlement of Naples, the city from which the band members originated. The album shows a wild mix of progressive and Neapolitan-Mediterranean influences. The lyrics, composed by vocalist Lino Vairetti, mix social themes with mythological and mystic ones.
Personnel.
Release information

</doc>
<doc id="20665044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665044" title="Uintan">
Uintan

The Uintan North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 46,200,000 to 42,000,000 years BP lasting . It is usually considered to fall within the Eocene epoch. The Uintan is preceded by the Bridgerian and followed by the Duchesnean NALMA stages.
The Uintan is considered to be contained within the Lutetian sharing the upper boundary and contains the following substages:

</doc>
<doc id="20665065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665065" title="List of Kare Kano chapters">
List of Kare Kano chapters

The chapters of the manga series "Kare Kano" were written by Masami Tsuda. The first chapter premiered in the February 1996 issue of "LaLa" where it was serialized monthly until its conclusion in the June 2005 issue. The series follows the romance between "perfect" student Yukino Miyazawa and her academic rival Soichiro Arima, and the relationships of the various friends they make in high school while they struggle to learn to be true to themselves.
The 101 chapters, referred to as "Acts," were collected and published in 21 "tankōbon" volumes by Hakusensha starting on June 5, 1996; the last volume was released on August 5, 2005. The manga was adapted into a 26-episode anime series by Gainax that aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from October 2, 1998 to March 26, 1999. The manga series is licensed for regional language releases by Editions Tonkam in France by Grupo Editorial Vid in Mexico, by Glènat España in Spain, by Dynamic Italia in Italy, by Carlsen Comics in Germany, and by Planet Manga in Portugal. Its chapters were also serialized in the French magazine "Magnolia" and the German magazine "Daisuki".
"Kare Kano" was initially licensed for an English-language release by Mixx Entertainment, but the company announced it lost the license in August 2000 before publication began. In July 2001, Tokyopop announced that it had acquired the license and that it would be serializing the title in their "Smile" magazine starting in 2002. "Smile" discontinued publication that same year. Tokyopop released the first "tankōbon" volume of the series on January 21, 2003; the final volume was released on January 10, 2007. It was one of the first manga series that Tokyopop released in the original Japanese orientation, in which the book is read from right to left, and with the original sound effects left in place. In February 2008, Tokyopop reissued the first three volumes in a single omnibus volume.

</doc>
<doc id="20665073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665073" title="1975 Michigan Wolverines football team">
1975 Michigan Wolverines football team

The 1975 Michigan Wolverines football team represented the University of Michigan in the 1975 college football season. The team's head coach was Bo Schembechler. The Wolverines played their home games at Michigan Stadium.
The defense stopped Archie Griffin's NCAA record 31-game 100-yard rushing game streak.
The November 8 game against Purdue was historic in that it was the first game of a streak in which 100,000 or more fans attended a game at Michigan Stadium, one which continues to this day. 
Players.
Professional football.
The following players were claimed in the 1976 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20665099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665099" title="Kalamkar">
Kalamkar

Kalamkar (Marathi: कळमकर or ಕಳಮ್ಕರ್) is a Marathi or Kannada family name. Normally it is family name of Mali Caste people in Maharashtra. In some regions it also belongs to Forward Caste under Marathas, Mali, Brahmins and Jains. There is 400 years history to the Kalamkar family of town Baner at Pune.
In the Maratha clan System, Kalamkar is another name for the Kale clan.
Use.
In Brahmins "Kalamkar" is uncommon as a last name and belongs to Deshastha Rigvedi Brahmins.
In Jains "Kalamkar" is a common surname.

</doc>
<doc id="20665111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665111" title="August 1975">
August 1975

January - February - March - April - May - June - July - August - September - October - November - December 
The following events occurred in August 1975:
August 10, 1975 (Sunday).
Nigel Hamilton, "alcohol certainly loosened her tongue when she gave what would become a famed interview...No First Lady had ever spoken so candidly on national television, sending moralists of both parties into a tailspin." 
August 20, 1975 (Wednesday).
After a journey of ten months and 505 million miles, Viking would enter orbit around Mars on June 19, 1976, and the lander would reach the surface of Mars on July 20, sending back pictures and data until November 13, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20665151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665151" title="Srđan">
Srđan

Srđan (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан; Croatian: Srđan) (sometimes written as Srdan or Srdjan due to lack of the letter 'đ') is a Croatian and Serbian masculine given name.
The prevailing stance reckons this name originates from the Roman "nomen" (family name) "Sergius", and this from a more ancient Etruscan name. The Latin names of two saints "Saints Sergius and Bacchus" are both translated as "Sveti Srđ i Vlaha" or "Srđevdan" or "Srđandan", so it is highly possible that Srđan has only Christian etymology. The other possibility is that it derives from another Serbian adjective: "srdit", meaning "angry", "fiery", "ardent". A medieval version of the name was "Srdan". "Srđa" is a form of "Srđan". Most common nickname is "Srle", "Srki" and "Srđo".
People with the name include.
What follows are the forms of "Latin" name "Sergius", not of "Срђан"

</doc>
<doc id="20665164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665164" title="The Old Recreation Ground">
The Old Recreation Ground

The Old Recreation Ground was a football stadium, located in Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent and home to Port Vale for almost 40 years. The Rec had been Vale's home between 1913 and 1950 and was the sixth ground the club used.
Structure and facilities.
The stadium was in rather bad condition, especially following years of neglect during World War II. The dressing rooms were bare, there were no toilet facilities throughout the entire ground, and racing pigeons were kept by "The Sentinel" and a number of supporters so as to relay the scoreline to different parts of the city.
Leaving the ground.
Port Vale were forced to sell the land to the city council, under the chairmanship of Tom W.Flint after suffering a financial crisis, they received £13,500. This came after the club's president Major William Huntbach died in 1943, leaving £3,000 of loans to be repaid to his estate. The council initially refused to allow the club to play at their ground, but eventually relented for rent of £400 a year. In 1950, the city council decided to construct a shopping centre on the site forcing the club to move to their current home of Vale Park. Ironically the club raised £50,000 to construct the new stadium, leading some to question why the directors did not simply attempt to raise a relatively much smaller sum of £3,000 in order to pay off the Huntbach family.

</doc>
<doc id="20665172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665172" title="730 (transport)">
730 (transport)

The was the day July 30, 1978, when Okinawa Prefecture of Japan switched back from driving on the right-hand side of the road to the left.
Overview.
Originally, Okinawa drove on the left-hand side of the road, the same as the rest of Japan. However, after the defeat of Japan during World War II, the prefecture went under control of the United States and was made to drive on the right on June 24, 1945. Even after Okinawa was returned to Japanese control in 1972, it still had its traffic driving on the right for six years due to delays in the handover to Japan and delays to the Expo '75. However, in accordance with the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic that restricts one country to have only one traffic direction, all the traffic in the prefecture was changed back to driving on the left on July 30, 1978. It is one of very few places to have changed from right- to left- traffic in the late twentieth century. The day symbolized Okinawa's return to Japan.
Changing the direction.
All traffic except emergency vehicles was banned from 22:00 July 29, 1978. Eight hours after, at 06:00 July 30, traffic was resumed, changed on the left-hand side. Traffic signs were changed within these eight hours.
As there were not enough police officers in Okinawa Prefecture to control all the traffic for the day, police officers were gathered from other parts of Japan.
Most left-hand side signs and signals had already been installed before the day but covered. During the eight hours transition the covers were removed and transferred to the old right-hand side signs. The scheme was called the , after , Okinawa Prefectural police officer in charge of 730, who "invented" the scheme.
The prefecture publicized the change beforehand through the , including posters and TV advertisements. The TV advertisement featured Yōkō Gushiken, a famous boxer from the prefecture.
In the prefecture, from the late 1970s until early 1980s, right-hand drive vehicles were often called , while LHD vehicles were called . Both expressions are now obsolete. Although rare, there are still a few "729 cars" surviving on the road.
The Japanese government spent some $150 million to cover the prefecture's conversion costs, which included relocating bus stops, moving signs, replacing 1,000 buses and 5,000 taxis, as well as replacing headlights on 300,000 vehicles so that they aimed to the left instead of the right. The United States military spent nearly $500,000 to switch signs on its bases.
Bus.
Local bus companies had to change passenger doors on the right-hand side of the vehicle to the left. The bus operators in the prefecture, namely Ryūkyū Bus (the present Ryūkyū Bus Kōtsū), Okinawa Bus, Naha Kōtsū (the present Naha Kōtsū Bus), and Tōyō Bus introduced more than 1000 buses in total, with subsidies from the prefecture and the national government. These particular buses are sometimes called ,
Many LHD buses were introduced at the time of Expo '75, held before the 730. As these cars were relatively new, some of them were modified to RHD with left-hand side doors. Some others were sold to countries with right hand traffic, such as China.
Many 730 buses survived until the 2000s. However, most of them retired after 2004. As of 2008, both Okinawa Bus and Tōyō Bus each still preserve one, but neither operates them regularly.
Aftermath.
There were many traffic accidents right after the 730. When turning right/left on a crossing, drivers often approached to the right-hand side of the road, although they had to approach to the left. This led to many collisions on a crossing. Larger accidents included a frontal collision of two buses. 
Memorial.
In Ishigaki, there is the with a 1m tall memorial stone. In Miyakojima, there is the .

</doc>
<doc id="20665208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665208" title="Melissa Manchester (album)">
Melissa Manchester (album)

Melissa Manchester is the self-titled and the eighth album release by singer-songwriter Melissa Manchester issued on Arista Records the first week of October 1979.
Although it was reported in August 1979 that Manchester was recording a followup to her 1978 album release "Don't Cry Out Loud" album with the title cut's producer Harry Maslin at Cherokee Studios the tracks on the "Melissa Manchester" album were all recorded with producer Steve Buckingham at Web IV Studios in Atlanta in September 1979. Following Manchester's 1977 cover album "Singin'..." and the 1978 album "Don't Cry Out Loud" which was mostly original material (despite the Top Ten hit title cut not being written by Manchester), the "Melissa Manchester" album featured five Manchester originals and five tracks of outside material.
Both the singles from the "Melissa Manchester" album were outside material: released three weeks prior to the album, "Pretty Girls" was the first upbeat single to lead a Melissa Manchester album and besides its standard 7" inch 45 issue the track served as Manchester's extended dance single debut (producer Buckingham was best known for the Alicia Bridges disco classic "I Love the Nightlife"). Although Manchester would have her biggest hit with the dance track "You Should Hear How She Talks About You" in 1982, her first foray into disco music with "Pretty Girls" barely translated into Top 40 success with the title peaking at #39 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. With the follow-up single: the ballad "Fire in the Morning", Arista attempted to curry favour with the easy listening market which had been the mainstay of Manchester's support with that track - featuring Paul Davis on harmony vocals - crossing over from the A/C Top Ten (at #8) to #32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Without producing a Top 30 single, the "Melissa Manchester" album evidenced a drop in the singer's popularity from the precedent "Don't Cry Out Loud" album, with "Melissa Manchester" peaking at #63 as opposed to #33. However Manchester would re-team with producer Steve Buckingham for the subsequent "For the Working Girl" album (1980) before scoring a 1982 comeback with the "Hey Ricky" album and the #5 single "You Should Hear How She Talks About You" produced by Arif Mardin. Neither of the singles from the "Melissa Manchester" album was featured on Manchester's 1983 "Greatest Hits" album; the last-named did include Manchester's version of the Kenny Loggins hit she'd co-written: "Whenever I Call You Friend", which Manchester recorded for the "Melissa Manchester" album as a duet with Arnold McCuller.
The 2007 reissue of the "Melissa Manchester" album by Wounded Bird Records augmented the original track listing with three bonus tracks: "O Heaven (How You've Changed Me)" from the singer's 1974 album "Bright Eyes", "We Had This Time" which was the B-side of the "Don't Cry Out Loud" single, and "Nice Girls" a Steve Buckingham composition introduced on Manchester's 1983 "Greatest Hits" album ("Nice Girls" had charted at #41).
Track listing.
2007 re-issue bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="20665255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665255" title="WVQC-LP">
WVQC-LP

WVQC-LP (95.7 FM) is a non-profit, low-power FM radio station in Cincinnati, Ohio, licensed on the frequency 95.7 to Media Bridges, a non-profit public-access television cable TV and technology education center. The station goes by the name Radio Free Queen City. 
The station currently has a construction permit from the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and began broadcasting in July 2010. The call letters stand for Voice of the Queen City.
History.
WVQC-LP was issued a construction permit by the FCC on February 1, 2008. WVQC-LP started broadcasting on July 2, 2010 at 6pm with local content from the Cincinnati area. Previously it had been an Internet-radio only, but finally started broadcasting on 95.7 MHz in Cincinnati, Ohio. The antenna is located in Cincinnati's neighborhood named Walnut Hills atop of the Essex Studios and reaches a 3-4 mile radius.
Media Bridges, who helps operate WVQC-LP, applied for a LPFM grant almost 10 years prior to the broadcasting date.
The station focuses on local talent and local music, unlike its commercial competitors. Many popular shows, such as "Alternating Currents", from Cincinnati's other community radio station WAIF, switched over to WVQC-LP. WVQC-LP broadcast live on its first couple of days from the Northside Rock n Roll Carnival in celebration of the new station.
Time-sharing.
As part of its licensing agreement, WVQC will share its signal with two other low-power stations, licensed to the Holy Spirit Center in Norwood, Ohio and the Forest Hills School District in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Format.
WVQC is a non-profit, community station with most programming done by volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="20665367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665367" title="1947–48 New York Rangers season">
1947–48 New York Rangers season

The 1947–48 New York Rangers season was the 22nd season for the team in the National Hockey League. During the regular season, the Rangers had a 21–26–13 record and made the playoffs. In the league semi-finals, the Rangers lost to the Detroit Red Wings in six games.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20665391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665391" title="Don't Cry Out Loud (Melissa Manchester album)">
Don't Cry Out Loud (Melissa Manchester album)

"Don't Cry Out Loud" is the title of the seventh album by Melissa Manchester. It was released by Arista Records in October 1978.
Background.
Most of the album's tracks were recorded with Leon Ware producing; Ware had expressed an interest in recording Manchester based on the singer's version of the Ware composition "I Wanna Be Where You Are" featured on the 1977 album release "Singin'...". The tracks Manchester recorded with Ware intended as the singer's 1978 album release - which Manchester planned to name "Caravan" - were all original material except "Bad Weather", a Stevie Wonder composition which had been a single for the Supremes in 1974. When Manchester submitted the "Caravan" tracks to Arista, label owner Clive Davis felt none of the tracks would afford Manchester the Top 40 hit required to revive her career and at Davis' strong suggestion Manchester recorded the Peter Allen and Carole Bayer Sager composition "Don't Cry Out Loud" with Harry Maslin producing. With the addition of the "Don't Cry Out Loud" track, Manchester's album was released in October 1978 with "Don't Cry Out Loud" issued as a single; the album was renamed for the single despite Manchester's desire to retain the title "Caravan". "Don't Cry Out Loud" did indeed return Manchester to the Top 40 in fact attaining a #10 peak in March 1979 in its twentieth week on the "Billboard" Hot 100; the single's popularity was paralleled by the ascent of the "Don't Cry Out Loud" album to #33.
Rather than release a second A-side single from the "Don't Cry Out Loud" album, Arista attempted to follow-up the success of the "Don't Cry Out Loud" single with "Through the Eyes of Love", the theme song from the movie "Ice Castles"; a track - for which "Such a Morning" from the "Don't Cry Out Loud" album served as B-side - which failed to consolidate Manchester's comeback, peaking at #76. In spite of "Through The Eyes Of Love" reaching the lower end of the Hot 100, it peaked at #13 on the AC Chart and became a popular wedding song song request of its time. She also recorded "I'll Never Say Goodbye", the theme song from the film "The Promise" and earned her the distinction of being the only artist to record two Oscar nominated songs from a movie in the year 1979. In 2011, she was nominated for an Academy Award for her original composition "Rainbird" from the movie "Dirty Girl".

</doc>
<doc id="20665411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665411" title="Principality (disambiguation)">
Principality (disambiguation)

A principality is a monarchical feudatory or sovereign state, ruled or reigned over by a monarch with the title of prince or princess.
Principality may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20665423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665423" title="Davis Scholar">
Davis Scholar

The Davis Degree Program at Wellesley College is a degree program serving women who are older than traditional college-age students. These students are called "Davis Scholars" and are fully integrated into the Wellesley community; they take the same classes as traditional students and can choose to live on campus. According to the Wellesley web site, Davis Scholars' "diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives enrich the lives of the whole student body."
Wellesley began its program for non-traditional students in 1971, when the Continuing Education Program was launched. This program was renamed in 1991 for Elisabeth Kaiser Davis, a member of the Class of 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20665424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665424" title="Nison-in">
Nison-in

Two revered images.
The temple derives its name from the fact that there are two main images here—one statue of the founding Buddha and another statue of one who has reached enlightenment; or in short, "Nison" refers to these "two revered images." Both of these Heian period Buddhist statues are designated as Important Cultural Properties of Japan.
The name Nison-in derives from the temple's two principal image, Shaka Nyorai (called the "Gautama Buddha of Hakken" who sends out world's new- borns), and Amitabha Tathagata (called the "Amitabha of Raigei" who greets those who've died).
History.
Nison-in was founded in the early Heian period. Emperor Saga initiated the establishment of the temple in 834; and today it is part of the Enryaku-ji temple group. None of the original structures survived destruction during the Onin War (1467–1477).
Nison-in is renowned for its ancient cemetery, which includes the graves of emperors and members of the aristocracy. The father of Sanjōnishi Sanetaka is buried in Nison-in cemetery
Nison-in became obliquely involved in the complex fabric of events which unfolded after Commodore Matthew C. Perry's Black Fleet sailed into Edo harbour in 1853. For the first time in more than two centuries, the Tokugawa shogunate actively sought advice from the emperor. Emperor Komei as asked for his counsel in deciding how to deal with newly assertive foreign powers. Amongst others, Naidaijin Sanjo Saki sought to uphold and defend the Imperial honor by trying to work with Tokugawa Nariaki in arguing against the conciliatory approach favored by Hayashi Akira and the bafuku negotiators. As an unanticipated consequence, Sanjo was ordered to retire to the life of a monk at Nison-in. Sanjo died while still in confinement at the temple. After learning of his death, Komei sent Imperial envoys to Nison-in to elevate the late-courtier to the posthumous rank of Udaijin.
Karuta.
This location of the temple on Mount Ogura is said to have been the site of a villa belonging to Fujiwara no Teika, the poet who compiled the anthology .
Every year in May, the temple plays host to a re-enactment of a Heian-era literary card game played by women in period costume.

</doc>
<doc id="20665431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665431" title="BL 9.2 inch Mk XI naval gun">
BL 9.2 inch Mk XI naval gun

The BL 9.2 inch gun Mark XI was a British 50 calibre high-velocity naval gun which was mounted as primary armament on armoured cruisers and secondary armament on pre-dreadnought battleships.
History.
The gun with its increased length of 50 calibres was an attempt to extract a higher velocity, and hence more range and armour-piercing capability, from the 9.2 inch gun. Like other British 50-calibre guns of the period it was relatively unsuccessful, and was the last model of 9.2 inch gun Britain built.
Guns were mounted in the following ships :
After the scrapping of the ships above, these guns and mountings were retained in storage, the intention at one point during early World War Two to use them as armament for small monitors which would have been reduced versions of the "Roberts"-class monitors. This however never advanced beyond planning stages.
References.
The National Archives of the United Kingdom, Kew. SUPP 6/61
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20665531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665531" title="Gordon Monahan">
Gordon Monahan

Gordon Monahan (born 1956 in Kingston, Ontario) is a Canadian pianist and composer of experimental music. He has been active since at least 1978. Along with his own work, he has performed works by other composers such as John Cage, James Tenney, Udo Kasemets and Roberto Paci Dalò. Recently, he has also created site-specific sound installations. In 1992-93 he was artist-in-residence with the DAAD in Berlin where he lived until 2006. 
Awards.
Monahan won first prize at the 1984 CBC National Radio Competition for Young Composers. 
He is one of six Laureates to receive Governor General’s Awards for Visual and Media Arts in 2013. 
Literature.
Linda Jansma and Carsten Seiffarth (Eds.): "Gordon Monahan: Seeing Sound, Sound Art, Performance and Music, 1978-2011," 159 pages plus DVD. Toronto : Doris McCarthy Gallery al., 2011 (Exhibition Catalogue), ISBN 978-1926589091

</doc>
<doc id="20665538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665538" title="Ciphent">
Ciphent

Ciphent was formed in 2006 by security experts with experience at some business and security organizations to include Foundstone, Bank of America, Guardent, Booz Allen, CSC, Information Security Magazine and Fortify Security. Ciphent was acquired by Accuvant in September 2010.
Ciphent's Services.
Ciphent's practice includes strategic functions such as security budget consolidation, achieving compliance, and policy development. The Ciphent Consulting organization specializes in cyber security assessments, application and software security, and incident response.
Ciphent Security Objects HealthCheck enables customers to get a Report Card on the current policy configuration for their security products. This technology enables proactive organizations to measure their product configurations to ensure that threats are not “slipping through the cracks.”
Ciphent Security Objects Transformation enables customers to convert and migrate their current security policies from one product to another.
About Ciphent.
Ciphent was a private company headquartered in the Baltimore/Washington, D.C. Metropolitan area until 2010 when it was purchased by Denver-based Accuvant Inc. At the time of the purchase, Ciphent and had over 150 clients ranging from 2 million to 80 billion in annual revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20665542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665542" title="Terrence L. Bracy">
Terrence L. Bracy

Terrence L. Bracy served as an aide to Congressman Udall from 1966–1976. In this position, he worked on important reform measures, including the Alaska Native Claims Act, the Campaign Reform Acts of 1971 and 1974, the Colorado River Basin Act of 1968, as well as numerous other bills dealing with parks and wilderness, clean energy technologies, and governmental reorganization. Bracy also worked on Congressman Udall's presidential campaign in 1976. 
The Udall Foundation was established by the U.S. Congress in 1992 to honor the 30 year legacy of public service by Congressman Mo Udall and enhanced in 2009 to honor Secretary Stewart L. Udall. In 1994, Terry Bracy was appointed by President Bill Clinton to the board of trustees of the Udall Foundation and subsequently elected the first chair. He was reappointed by President Clinton in 1998, and by President George W. Bush in 2006. Bracy led the Foundation from its first class of Udall Scholars in 1995 and under his leadership, the Foundation also created the Native American Internship on Capitol Hill, cofounded the Native Nations Institute, and accepted from Congress the stewardship of the US Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution.
On October 27, 2011, Bracy stepped down from his role as chair of the Udall Foundation board. There was a dinner to honor Bracy and his distinguished service to the Udall Foundation the same day in Tucson, Ariz. Bill Bradley, former three-term U.S. Senator from New Jersey and 2000 Presidential candidate, was the keynote speaker at the dinner. “Terry Bracy is a true master of the legislative process. He is smart, intuitive, trustworthy, knows his business, and he really cares about the mission of the Udall Foundation,” said Senator Bill Bradley. 
Several elected officials issued formal statements about Bracy’s contributions to the Udall Foundation. “Terry’s dedicated service has been critical to advancing the tremendous legacies of Mo and Stewart Udall,” said Senator John McCain of Arizona. “I wish him the best.” “Terry served many years to make sure the Udall legacy would be enshrined in the national consciousness, not just today but in the future,” said Congressman Raúl Grijalva of Arizona. “He has the sincere thanks of all of us who know how important the Udall Foundation and its work are to this country. I was happy to work with him, and he will be missed.” Senator Mark Udall of Colorado made a statement on the floor of the U.S. Senate about Bracy. “In light of his impending retirement from the Udall Foundation board, it is fitting that we commemorate Terry's groundbreaking work on behalf of the foundation.” 
In addition, Senator Tom Udall of New Mexico made a similar floor statement, noting “The Udall Foundation would not be what it is today without the tireless work of one man--Terrence L. Bracy.” There was significant media attention regarding Bracy stepping down. 
On the occasion of his retirement, an annual award was created in Bracy's honor. The Terrence L. Bracy Distinguished Alumnus Award recognizes outstanding contributions from Udall alumni in four principal areas of public service: conflict resolution, environmental work, health care (including social services), and tribal public policy.
Bracy was married to Nancy Kay Muhlitner in 1966. They have two sons, Michael and Timothy, and three grandchildren. 
Education and work.
In 1964, Bracy received his undergraduate degree from St. Louis University. He received his graduate degree in political science from the University of Arizona. Bracy has written numerous articles on public affairs issues for many periodicals, including "The New York Times", "St. Louis Post-Dispatch", and "The Washington Post". 
Bracy currently serves as the chief executive officer of Bracy Tucker Brown & Valanzano, a consultancy firm in Washington, D.C., with clientele that includes Fortune 500 companies, major U.S. cities, airports, Native American tribes, Asian and European concerns, and the U.S. government. Bracy has frequently testified before Congress. He played a key role in the adoption of the Elwha River Ecosystem and Fisheries Restoration Act that provides for efforts to restore the fisheries and ecosystem of the Elwha River basin in Washington State. 
Early in his career, Bracy was news editor at the NBC affiliate in Tucson, Arizona. He also taught courses in American government at the University of Arizona. In January 1977, President Jimmy Carter appointed Bracy to the post of assistant secretary of transportation. In that capacity, he acted as the U.S. Department of Transportation's liaison to Congress, the White House, governors and mayors, and the press. He led successful efforts to place the first user fee on the nation's waterway system and implemented measures by Congress for higher mileage standards and airbags. In addition, in 1979, he directed the Carter administration's initiative to “reinvent the auto,” the first federal effort to modernize Detroit. Bracy has been a guest lecturer at the Brookings Institution, Harvard University, the University of Missouri, and St. Louis University. In 2010, he was named "Special Lecturer, Washington Program", at the University of Missouri School of Journalism. 
On September 17, 2011, numerous officials and Lower Elwha Klallam tribal members attended a ceremony kicking off the demolition of two dams on the Elwha River. At a dinner the night before in Port Angeles, Washington, former Senator Bill Bradley delivered formal remarks and discussed Bracy’s work on the Elwha.
“I also want to say a nice thing about one of the best lobbyists that Washington has ever known. I actually refer to him as an advocate, not a lobbyist. The Elwha settlement was extremely fortunate that one of the major players in the negotiations, Daishowa America, chose to be represented in Washington by Terry Bracy. Terry had been Mo Udall’s chief of staff. Terry knows exactly how Capitol Hill works. Terry was a creature of the House, but he knew the Senate equally well and was a true master of the legislative process. He was smart, intuitive, trustworthy, and knew his business. He had the unenviable job of explaining Congress to a foreign-owned paper company, and convincing very skeptical business people that their interest lay in a deal that would separate their mill from the generators that fed it power. For most of the last 20 years since the settlement, Terry has chaired the Udall foundation, the premier grantor of college scholarships for Native Americans, and as Chair led the establishment of the U.S. Institute for Environmental Conflict Resolution. I’ve heard him say that the Elwha settlement was a major inspiration for the creation of what is now the nations’ most prestigious and successful environmental dispute resolution center. We owe Terry our deepest thanks.” 
In a written evaluation of his work, Assoc. Prof. Wesley G. Pippert, director-emeritus of Missouri Journalism's Washington Program, said: "Bracy's skill and abilities are as keen in a classroom as they have been in Congress, the Cabinet, and the business world. He has a passion for helping young people, including students from all cultures, to get ahead. His seminars have been one of the
highlights of our Washington Program."

</doc>
<doc id="20665580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665580" title="Hesse normal form">
Hesse normal form

The Hesse normal form named after Otto Hesse, is an equation used in analytic geometry, and describes a line in formula_1 or a plane in Euclidean space formula_2 or a hyperplane in higher dimensions. It is primarily used for calculating distances, and is written in vector notation as
This equation is satisfied by all points "P" described by the location vector formula_4, which lie precisely in the plane "E" (or in 2D, on the line "g"). 
The vector formula_5 represents the unit normal vector of "E" or "g", that points from the origin of the coordinate system to the plane (or line, in 2D). The distance formula_6 is the distance from the origin to the plane (or line). The dot formula_7 indicates the scalar product or dot product. 
Derivation/Calculation from the normal form.
Note: For simplicity, the following derivation discusses the 3D case. However, it is also applicable in 2D.
In the normal form,
a plane is given by a normal vector formula_9 as well as an arbitrary position vector formula_10 of a point formula_11. The direction of formula_9 is chosen to satisfy the following inequality 
By dividing the normal vector formula_9 by its Magnitude formula_15, we obtain the unit (or normalized) normal vector
and the above equation can be rewritten as
Substituting
we obtain the Hesse normal form
In this diagram, "d" is the distance from the origin. Because formula_20 holds for every point in the plane, it is also true at point "Q" (the point where the vector from the origin meets the plane E), with formula_21, per the definition of the Scalar product
The magnitude formula_23 of formula_24 is the shortest distance from the origin to the plane.

</doc>
<doc id="20665599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665599" title="Bernanke doctrine">
Bernanke doctrine

The Bernanke doctrine refers to measures that the Federal Reserve can use in conducting monetary policy to combat deflation. Ben Bernanke was the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve.
Background.
Bernanke succeeded Alan Greenspan on February 1, 2006. In 2002, when the word "deflation" began appearing in the business news, Bernanke gave a speech about deflation entitled "Deflation: Making Sure "It" Doesn't Happen Here." In that speech, he assessed the causes and effects of deflation in the modern economy. Bernanke states: 
""The sources of deflation are not a mystery. Deflation is in almost all cases a side effect of a collapse of aggregate demand – a drop in spending so severe that producers must cut prices on an ongoing basis in order to find buyers. Likewise, the economic effects of a deflationary episode, for the most part, are similar to those of any other sharp decline in aggregate spending—namely, recession, rising unemployment, and financial stress."" 
Bernanke doctrine.
Bernanke emphasized that Congress gave the Fed responsibility for preserving price stability (among other objectives), which implies avoiding deflation as well as inflation. He stated that deflation is always reversible under a fiat money system. Where currency is under a monopoly of issuance, or where there is a regulated system of issuing currency through banks which are tied to a central bank, the monetary authority has the ability to alter the money supply and thus influence the interest rate (to achieve monetary policy goals). Bernanke asserted that the Fed "has sufficient policy instruments to ensure that any deflation that might occur would be both mild and brief".
To combat deflation, Bernanke provided a prescription for the Federal Reserve to prevent it. He identified seven specific measures that the Fed can use to prevent deflation.
1) Increase the money supply (M1 and M2).
""The US government has a technology, called a printing press, that allows it to produce as many dollars as it wishes at essentially no cost." "Under a paper-money system, a determined government can always generate higher spending and, hence, positive inflation.""
2) Ensure liquidity makes its way into the financial system through a variety of measures.
""The U.S. government is not going to print money and distribute it willy-nilly ..."although there are policies that approximate this behavior.""
3) Lower interest rates – all the way down to 0 per cent.
Bernanke observed that people have traditionally thought that, when the funds rate hits zero, the Federal Reserve will have run out of ammunition. However, by imposing yields paid by long-term Treasury Bonds, ""a central bank should always be able to generate inflation, even when the short-term nominal interest rate is zero ... more direct method, which I personally prefer, would be for the Fed to announce ceilings for yields on all longer-maturity Treasury debt.""
He noted that Fed had successfully engaged in "bond-price pegging" following the Second World War.
4) Control the yield on corporate bonds and other privately issued securities. 
Although the Federal Reserve can't legally buy these securities (thereby determining the yields); it can, however, simulate the necessary authority by lending dollars to banks at a fixed term of 0 per cent, taking back from the banks corporate bonds as collateral. 
5) Depreciate the U.S. dollar. 
Referring to U.S Monetary Policy in the 1930s under Franklin Roosevelt, he states that:
""This devaluation and the rapid increase in money supply ... ended the U.S. deflation remarkably quickly.""
6) Execute a de facto depreciation by buying foreign currencies on a massive scale. 
""The Fed has the authority to buy foreign government debt ... his class of assets offers huge scope for Fed operations because the quantity of foreign assets eligible for purchase by the Fed is several times the stock of U.S. government debt.""
7) Buy industries throughout the U.S. economy with "newly created money".
In essence, the Federal Reserve acquires equity stakes in banks and financial institutions. In this "private-asset option," the Treasury could issue trillions in debt and the Fed would acquire it, still using newly created money.

</doc>
<doc id="20665624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665624" title="Principe (disambiguation)">
Principe (disambiguation)

Príncipe is the smaller of the two major islands of São Tomé and Príncipe lying off the west coast of Africa.
Principe may refer to:
Príncipe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20665625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665625" title="WRFQ">
WRFQ

WRFQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20665626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665626" title="Hockey Allstar Shootout">
Hockey Allstar Shootout

Hockey Allstar Shootout is a WiiWare game developed and produced by Big Blue Bubble.
Gameplay.
The game uses the motion sensing capabilities of the Wii Remote to allow the player to use it as a control stick and to hit the puck, with the Nunchuk used to set its shooting direction. The Game feature four modes: Head 2 Head, Two-Player Mode, Shap Shooter and Power Shot. 
In Head 2 Head mode the player is pitted against the goalie in a five-puck shootout. The player has to race against the clock to post the most goals in the fastest time. Head 2 Head includes three different difficulties and 3 different goalies. Two-Player Mode includes support for two Remotes, with players taking turns at being the goalie and the shot taker to see who can score the most goals after five tries. In Sharp Shooter mode players have to hit targets in three different difficulty levels. The game ends when the player has failed to hit a target three times. In Power Shot mode players have three attempts to hit the fastest shots they can and make the high score table.
Reception.
Nintendo Life gave the game 1 out of 10, noting the game featured "barely functioning controls, cheesy gameplay and an unrewarding experience that all add up to an inexcusable attempt to cash in on an apparently untapped market."

</doc>
<doc id="20665628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665628" title="Esko Moravian-Silesian Region">
Esko Moravian-Silesian Region

Esko Moravian-Silesian Region is a commuter rail system in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. The integrated system began on 14 December 2008. Esko is part of the ODIS Integrated Transport system serving the Moravian-Silesian Region. The Esko trains are operated by České dráhy, the state railway operator

</doc>
<doc id="20665631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665631" title="Olav Kringen">
Olav Kringen

Olav Kringen (24 July 1867 – 6 October 1951) was a Norwegian newspaper editor.
He was born at a croft in Sel, and was a manual laborer in Norway before emigrating to the United States in 1887. There, he studied and took a teacher education. He worked as a teacher in Minnesota and Dakota. For the next two years he worked in the press, editing the magazine "Nye Nordmanden" and "Fremad". He was also a correspondent for the newspaper "Labour Leader", having been influenced by Keir Hardie and socialism in general.
Upon his return to Norway in 1897, he became affiliated with the Labour Party, and was hired in their newspaper "Social-Demokraten". He was involved in the Second International from 1900 to 1906, being a delegate at the International Socialist Congress, Paris 1900 and the International Socialist Congress, Amsterdam 1904. He is well known for translating "The Internationale" and the "Communist Manifesto" into Norwegian.
He continued writing for "Labour Leader", in addition to "Sozialistische Monathefte", "Avanti" and "Decorah-Posten". From 1901 to 1903 he edited "Det 20de Aarhundre", a Labour partisan periodical. He then edited "Social-Demokraten" from 1903 to 1906. He was also a member of Kristiania city council from 1904 to 1907. Because of disagreements in the party, in 1906 he reverted to being a journalist in "Social-Demokraten". He briefly edited "Smaalenenes Socialdemokrat" before establishing the newspaper "Demokraten" in Hamar in 1909. In "Demokraten" Kringen had a certain personal drive, as he stood on the ballot in the Norwegian parliamentary election, 1909 in the constituency Søndre Hedemarken. When he failed at being elected, he is said to have lost interest to a certain degree. He backed out in early 1912.
In 1921 the Labour Party was split in two, as a social democratic wing did not favor the party's recent adaption of the Conditions of Admission to the Communist International. Kringen joined the newly formed party, the Social Democratic Labour Party. He briefly edited the newspaper "Trøndelag Social-Demokrat". He soon backed out of partisan politics. He died in October 1951 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20665647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665647" title="Bridgerian North American Stage">
Bridgerian North American Stage

The Bridgerian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 50,300,000 to 46,200,000 years BP lasting . It is usually considered to overlap the Ypresian and Lutetian within the Eocene epoch. The Bridgerian is preceded by the Wasatchian and followed by the Uintan NALMA stages.
The Bridgerian is considered to contain the following substages:

</doc>
<doc id="20665670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665670" title="Singin'...">
Singin'...

"Singin'..." is a 1977 album release by Melissa Manchester on Arista Records. 
This was Manchester's sixth album and fourth and final collaboration with producer Vini Poncia who had produced her 1975 commercial breakthrough "Melissa". 
After the first of Manchester's two 1976 album releases': "Better Days & Happy Endings" failed to consolidate her stardom Arista had attempted to restore Manchester's chart fortunes by making the lead single from the subsequent "Help Is on the Way" album not a Manchester original but rather the Michael Franks composition "Monkey See, Monkey Do". This strategy proving unsuccessful Arista then had Manchester record "Singin'..." which eschewed Manchester's songwriting - save for one track: "No One's Ever Seen This Side of Me" - in favor of outside material including remakes of hits by Michael Jackson ("I Wanna Be Where You Are"), Sly and the Family Stone ("Stand"), Three Dog Night ("Let Me Serenade You") and the Beach Boys ("The Warmth of the Sun"). The tracklisting was completed by Manchester's versions of songs written and previously recorded by James Taylor ("You Make It Easy") and Wendy Waldman ("My Love Is All I Know") and a new song: "Sad Eyes" written by David Spinozza who played guitar on the album.
"Singin'..." was innovative for its time being an early example of the cover album. However upon its 1977 summer release "Singin'..." failed to boost Manchester's faded chart presence, the release of "I Wanna Be Where You Are" as a single being overlooked. However the last-named track did attract the attention of the song's composer Leon Ware who resultantly took over as producer as Manchester's producer for what would ultimately prove to be her comeback album "Don't Cry Out Loud" (although that album's Top Ten hit title cut would be produced by Harry Maslin).

</doc>
<doc id="20665719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665719" title="Captain (British Army and Royal Marines)">
Captain (British Army and Royal Marines)

Captain (Capt) is a junior officer rank of the British Army and Royal Marines and in both services it ranks above lieutenant and below major with a NATO ranking code of OF-2. The rank is equivalent to a lieutenant in the Royal Navy and to a flight lieutenant in the Royal Air Force. The rank of captain in the Royal Navy is considerably more senior (equivalent to the Army/RM rank of colonel) and the two ranks should not be confused.
In the 21st century British Army, captains are often appointed to be second-in-command of a company or equivalent sized unit of up to 120 soldiers.
History.
A rank of second captain existed in the Ordnance at the time of the Battle of Waterloo.
From 1 April 1918 to 31 July 1919, the Royal Air Force maintained the junior officer rank of captain. RAF captains had a rank insignia based on the two bands of a naval lieutenant with the addition of an eagle and crown above the bands. It was superseded by the rank of flight lieutenant on the following day.
Rank insignia.
Badges of rank for captains were introduced in 30 January 1855 and were worn on shoulder epaulets. After the Crimean War a new rank system was introduced which contained the first complete rank insignia in British Army history. A captain's rank insignia was worn on the collar and displayed a crown and a pip (which is now the rank insignia for a lieutenant-colonel).
The rank insignia were returned to the shoulder boards in 1880 for all officers in full dress, when the system of crowns and stars was reorganised. From this time, until 1902, a captain had just two stars. The 1902 change gave captains three stars, which continues to be used. In addition to the shoulder badges, officers' ranks were also reflected in the amount and pattern of gold lace worn on the cuffs of the full-dress tunic.
From 1902, a complex system of markings with bars and loops in thin drab braid above the cuff (known irreverently as the asparagus bed) was used at first but this was replaced in the same year by a combination of narrow rings of worsted braid around the cuff, with the full-dress style shoulder badges on a three-pointed cuff flap. Based on equivalent naval ranks, captains had two rings of braid. In the case of Scottish regiments, the rings were around the top of the gauntlet-style cuff and the badges on the cuff itself.
During World War I, some officers took to wearing similar jackets to the men, with the rank badges on the shoulder, as the cuff badges made them conspicuous to snipers. This practice was frowned on outside the trenches but was given official sanction in 1917 as an alternative, being made permanent in 1920 when the cuff badges were abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20665762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665762" title="Green chip">
Green chip

Green chip stocks are along the lines of "green" or earth friendly industry. These include:
History.
The phrase, “Green Chip Stocks”, which refer to the publicly traded companies in the green market has been accredited to Jeff Siegel. He first used the saying in 2004, and has since been a successful entrepreneur in that sector with a weekly investment service by the name of GCS (Green Chip Stocks).

</doc>
<doc id="20665767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665767" title="London International Vintners Exchange">
London International Vintners Exchange

London International Vintners Exchange (Liv-ex) is an exchange for investment-grade wine based in London. Liv-ex, which was founded in 1999, provides a marketplace where wine merchants are able to trade wine, and also publishes two wine price indices based on these transactions which are widely used to gauge general price developments for the "fine wine" market in general.
Trading on Liv-ex.
The wines typically traded on Liv-ex are collectible or investment grade "fine wine" that have a significant trading volume on the second-hand market, and these wines are traded by the case. This largely means a number of high-end French wines of highly rated vintages, mainly recent vintages and vintages in early maturity. In difference from wine auctions, private collectors can not trade directly on Liv-ex, and older vintages or otherwise very rare collectible wines are not traded.
In 2010, trading on Liv-ex received attention and some criticism for allowing actors to short sell "en primeur" Bordeaux wines before they had been released by the producers and given an initial ex-château price. Château Lafite-Rothschild 2009 was the first wine where such trades were made. Liv-ex defended the practice by mentioning that this type of trade is standard on other asset markets.
Liv-ex Fine Wine Indices.
Liv-ex publishes five different wine indices. The prices that are used to compute the index are wines in bond in London, priced in Pound sterling. In their construction these indices are similar to a stock market index. The composition of the index is regularly updated as wines are added and removed from the index, and their index weight revised.
Liv-ex Fine Wine 50 Index.
The Liv-ex Fine Wine 50 Index tracks the daily price movement of the most heavily traded commodities in the fine wine market - the Bordeaux First Growths. It includes only the ten most recent vintages (excluding futures, currently 2000-2009), with no other qualifying criteria applied.
Liv-ex Fine Wine 100 Index.
The Liv-ex Fine Wine 100 Index represents the price movement of 100 of the most sought-after fine wines for which there is a strong secondary market and is calculated monthly. As of June 2011, the index was composed of 95.0% of red Bordeaux, to 2.0% of Champagne, to 1.7% of red Burgundy wine, to 0.9% of white Bordeaux, to 0.3% of red Italian wine and to 0.1% of red Rhone wine.
Liv-ex Claret Chip Index.
The Liv-ex Claret Chip Index tracks the top-scoring Bordeaux First Growth the — "blue chips" of the fine wine world. It includes all the First Growths from the last 15 years that have scored 95 points and above from Robert Parker. It is calculated weekly.
Liv-ex Fine Wine Investables Index.
The Liv-ex Fine Wine Investables Index tracks the most "investable" wines in the market — around 200 wines from 24 top Bordeaux chateaux. In essence, it aims to mirror the performance of a typical wine investment portfolio. The index data starts in 1988, further back than any other Liv-ex index. 
Liv-ex Fine Wine 500 Index.
The Liv-ex Fine Wine 500 Index has the broadest base of all the Liv-ex indices and is designed to reflect price trends in the wider fine wine market. The majority of the index consists of Bordeaux wines, although it also includes wines from Burgundy the Rhone, Champagne, Port, Italy and the New World.
Vine.
Vine is a specialist warehouse and freight-forwarding service offered by Liv-ex. Services include condition checks and verification, stock consolidation and escrow, labelling and export documentation, and various storage and transport options. Vine has an online information system to track orders, create reports and view photos.
Cellar Watch.
Cellar Watch is a cellar-tracking/price-search tool provided by Liv-ex. It allows wine collectors to search for current and historic prices, monitor the value of their wine cellars, and analyse market movements. 
L-WIN.
The Liv-ex Wine Identification Number (L-WIN) is a system introduced by Liv-ex in mid-2011 as an attempt to standardise the wine trade. The 7-digit number serves as a universal wine identifier and removes confusion caused by different vendors' naming conventions.
Bordeaux classification.
In 2009 Liv-ex has updated the Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855, emulating the original method while using modern price averages from the last five vintages (2003-2007). The list was assembled applying Médoc and Pessac-Leognan wines with a minimum production of 2000 cases, disregarding any second wines that would qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="20665823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665823" title="Harold Windingstad">
Harold Windingstad

Harold Oliver Windingstad, Jr. (1929 – November 18, 2006) was an American politician and farmer from Minnesota, and a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.
Political "go to" man.
Windingstad lived his entire life on his family's farm in Providence Township in Lac qui Parle County. A populist, he had grass roots political experience and an "uncanny sense of community." He was considered the man in southwestern Minnesota to whom candidates turned for advice, fundraising and get-out-the-vote efforts. His knowledge of the political landscape defined strategies for many local and state-wide races through the years.
DFL Party leader.
Windingstad served as chair of the 2nd Congressional District DFL for nearly twenty years, and was a delegate to two Democratic national conventions. He is credited with helping the Minnesota delegation come together after Jimmy Carter won the endorsement for President in 1976, saying of the Georgia governor: "Looks like a nice young man. He might go someplace." After handing his 2nd District chair position over to Jonette Engan in 1989, the district chose to honor him by establishing an annual golf tournament in Willmar known as the Windingstad Open. The event attracted golfers and political leaders from throughout the region each August.
Farmers Union leader and public service.
In 1987, Windingstad won the Hubert Humphrey Award for his dedication to and leadership in the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party. A leader in the Minnesota Farmers Union and chair of the local chapter for many years, he, along with his wife, Dolores, received the inaugural Minnesota Farmers Union Lifetime Achievement Award in 2005. He served on the Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership (SWHP) Board from its inception in 1992 until his death, and also served four terms on the Minnesota Board on Aging. He was also a member of the Prairie Five Community Action Council Board for over 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20665830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665830" title="Celluloid Dreams">
Celluloid Dreams

Celluloid Dreams is a French film production and distribution company which is also an international sales company as well. They also run a video on-demand platform, The Auteurs in conjunction with The Criterion Collection. Celluloid Dreams have been involved in films such as "Palindromes", "The Edukators", "Son of Rambow", "DiG!", "I'm Not There", "How She Move" and "Funny Games". As well as that, they have their own YouTube channel CelluoidDreams, and have uploaded the trailer to the award-winning animated "The Secret of Kells".

</doc>
<doc id="20665861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665861" title="Henry de Burgh, 1st Marquess of Clanricarde">
Henry de Burgh, 1st Marquess of Clanricarde

Henry de Burgh, 1st Marquess of Clanricarde KP, PC (Ire) (8 January 1742 – 8 December 1797), styled Lord Dunkellin from birth to 1782, was an Irish peer and politician.
He was the son of John Smith de Burgh, 11th Earl of Clanricarde and from 1753 to 1758 was educated at Eton College. In 1768 he was a Member of Parliament in the Irish House of Commons representing Galway County. He succeeded his father as Earl of Clanricarde (among other titles) on 21 April 1782, became a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 5 February 1783 and on 6 March of the same year was invested as a member of the Privy Council of Ireland.
On 17 March 1785, he married Lady Urania Anne Paulet, daughter of George Paulet, 12th Marquess of Winchester, but they had no children. He was made Marquess of Clanricarde in 1785, and from 1792 until his death on 8 December 1797 he was Custos Rotulorum of Galway.

</doc>
<doc id="20665926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665926" title="Our Lady of Presentation">
Our Lady of Presentation

Our Lady of the Presentation is the patron saint of the Brazilian city of Natal, represented by a statue of the Virgin Mary located in the Metropolitan Cathedral of Natal.

</doc>
<doc id="20665949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665949" title="1941–42 New York Rangers season">
1941–42 New York Rangers season

The 1941–42 New York Rangers season was the 16th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). In the regular season, New York led the NHL in points with 60, and compiled a 29–17–2 record. The Rangers lost in the NHL semi-finals to the Toronto Maple Leafs, four games to two.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20665963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20665963" title="William T. Martin">
William T. Martin

William Thompson Martin (March 25, 1823 — March 16, 1910) was an American lawyer and politician who became a Confederate States Army general of cavalry during the American Civil War.
Biography.
Born in Glasgow, Kentucky, Martin graduated from Centre College in 1844 and was admitted to the bar in Mississippi, serving multiple terms as district attorney before the war. While himself opposing secession, he raised the Adams County cavalry troops, when war broke out, riding with them to Richmond, Virginia, the new Confederate capitol. Martin quickly rose to colonel of the Jeff Davis Legion, and served with J.E.B. Stuart's command through Autumn 1862. Promoted to brigadier general, Martin was ordered to the Western Theater, where he commanded divisions at the Tullahoma Campaign and the Battle of Chickamauga and served as cavalry commander under James Longstreet at Knoxville. After Longstreet's return to the east, Martin was promoted to major general, led a division under Joseph Wheeler at Atlanta and rose to command of the military district of Northwest Mississippi by war's end.
After the war, Martin returned to his law practice in Mississippi, becoming a trustee of both University of Mississippi and Jefferson College in Washington, Mississippi. He served in the state senate, and was a delegate to Democratic National Conventions in 1868, 1872, 1876, and 1880. He was the president of the Natchez, Jackson, and Columbus railroad, of which he oversaw the construction in 1884. Martin died in Natchez, Mississippi, and is buried in City Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20666019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666019" title="Almost Love">
Almost Love

Almost Love (; lit. "Youth Comic") is a 2006 South Korean film. It was directed by Lee Han, starring Kwon Sang-woo and Kim Ha-neul. Distributed by Showbox, it was released on March 23, 2006, and ran at 116 minutes.
Plot.
Ji-hwan is a taekwondo student with a part-time job as a stunt man, who dreams of becoming Korea's answer to Jackie Chan. Dal-rae is a drama student and aspiring actress, but tends to fail auditions because of her timid personality. The two are old friends who have grown up together, but their relationship becomes complicated when they each start dating other people.
Release.
"Almost Love" was released in South Korea on March 23, 2006, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 539,307 admissions. It held the number one spot for a second consecutive weekend, going on to receive a total of 2,066,354 admissions nationwide, with a gross of .

</doc>
<doc id="20666040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666040" title="Olav Rytter">
Olav Rytter

Olav Rytter (29 January 1903 – 1992) was a Norwegian newspaper editor, radio personality, foreign correspondent, philologist and translator.
He was born in Kristiansund as the son of writer Henrik Rytter. He took his philological education at the University of Oslo and the University of Prague, having specialized in Slavic and Indic languages. He would translate several works written in such languages. After working as a teacher in the Norwegian language in Prague and Warsaw, from 1928 to 1935, he returned to Norway in 1935 to edit the newspaper "Norsk Tidend".
From 1938 to 1946 he was a programme secretary in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK). When Norway was invaded by Germany in April 1940, Rytter fled the country together with the Norwegian royal family and cabinet. After a short period in Stockholm he reunited with the Norwegian authorities-in-exile in London, where he worked for the NRK and BBC until 1944. He received basic military training, in Scotland. He has also been credited with suggesting Martin Linge as an SOE agent in the fall of 1940. In 1944 Rytter travelled to Finnmark to oversee the liberation of Northern Norway as an officer of information. Norway was fully liberated on 8 May 1945.
From 1948 to 1963 Rytter worked with information for the United Nations. He headed their Prague information office from 1948 to 1953, helped establishing new offices in Jakarta, Teheran and Afghanistan over the next years, before heading the Cairo office from 1959 to 1963. In 1963 he returned to Norway to edit the newspaper "Dag og Tid". He stepped down from this position after short time, but continued working from 1964 to 1974 as a foreign correspondent.
Rytter died in June 1992. He donated his entire literature collection to the University of Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20666047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666047" title="Wasatchian">
Wasatchian

The Wasatchian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 55,400,000 to 50,300,000 years BP lasting . It is usually considered to be within the Eocene, more specifically the Early Eocene. The Wasatchian is preceded by the Clarkforkian and followed by the Bridgerian NALMA stages.
The Wasatchian is considered to contain the following substages:

</doc>
<doc id="20666052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666052" title="Joshuah Bearman">
Joshuah Bearman

Joshuah Bearman writes for "Rolling Stone", "Harper's", "Wired", "The New York Times Magazine", "The Believer", "McSweeney's", and contributes to "This American Life". Bearman was a contributing producer on the documentary, . He is a former staff writer and editor for the "LA Weekly" and was one half of Team USA in Walleyball, a short film by Brent Hoff about a pick up game of volleyball at the US-Mexico Border. He was the editor-in-chief of Yeti Researcher, a journal in the field of cryptic hominid investigation, published by McSweeney's. Bearman is a board member of 826LA, a non-profit tutoring center in Los Angeles. He lives in Hollywood, California, and is currently working on a book for Farrar, Straus, and Giroux.
Several of Bearman's articles have been optioned for film and television adaptation. His 2007 Wired article about a CIA mission during the Iran Hostage Crisis was adapted into the 2012 film "Argo", with George Clooney producing and Ben Affleck directing and starring. The screenplay, based on Bearman's article, won the Writer's Guild award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. The film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama at the Golden Globes, the BAFTA Award for Best Film, and Best Picture at the Academy Awards.
Joshuah Bearman was born in Boston in 1971. He attended UCLA and Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20666057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666057" title="Framing effect (psychology)">
Framing effect (psychology)

Framing effect is an example of cognitive bias, in which people react differently to a particular choice depending on whether it is presented as a loss or as a gain. People tend to avoid risk when a positive frame is presented but seek risks when a negative frame is presented. Gain and loss are defined in the scenario as descriptions of outcomes (e.g. lives lost or saved, disease patients treated and not treated, lives saved and lost during accidents, etc.).
Prospect theory shows that a loss is more significant than the equivalent gain, that a sure gain (certainty effect and pseudocertainty effect) is favored over a probabilistic gain, and that a probabilistic loss is preferred to a definite loss. One of the dangers of framing effects is that people are often provided with options within the context of only one of the two frames.
The concept helps to develop an understanding of frame analysis within social movements, and also in the formation of political opinion where spin plays a large role in political opinion polls that are framed to encourage a response beneficial to the organization that has commissioned the poll. It has been suggested that the use of the technique is discrediting political polls themselves. The effect reduces, or even eliminates, if ample, credible information is provided to people.
Research.
Amos Tversky and Daniel Kahneman explored how different phrasing affected participants' responses to a choice in a hypothetical life and death situation in 1981.
Participants were asked to choose between two treatments for 600 people affected by a deadly disease. Treatment A was predicted to result in 400 deaths, whereas treatment B had a 33% chance that no one would die but a 66% chance that everyone would die. This choice was then presented to participants either with positive framing, i.e. how many people would live, or with negative framing, i.e. how many people would die.
Treatment A was chosen by 72% of participants when it was presented with positive framing ("saves 200 lives") dropping to only 22% when the same choice was presented with negative framing ("400 people will die").
This effect has been shown in other contexts:
Developmental factors.
The framing effect has consistently proven to be one of the strongest biases in decision making. In general, susceptibility to framing effects increases with age. Age difference factors are particularly important when considering health care and financial decisions. However, the framing effect seems to disappear when encountering it in a second language.
Childhood and adolescence.
Framing effects in decision-making become stronger as children age. This is partially because qualitative reasoning increases with age. While preschoolers are more likely to make decisions based on quantitative properties, such as probability of an outcome, elementary schoolers and adolescents become progressively more likely to reason qualitatively, opting for a sure option in a gain frame and a risky option in a loss frame regardless of probabilities. The increase in qualitative thinking is related to an increase in “gist based” thinking that occurs over a lifetime.
However, qualitative reasoning, and thus susceptibility to framing effects, is still not as strong in adolescents as in adults, and adolescents are more likely than adults to choose the risky option under both the gain and loss frames of a given scenario. One explanation for adolescent tendencies toward risky choices is that they lack real-world experience with negative consequences, and thus over-rely on conscious evaluation of risks and benefits, focusing on specific information and details or quantitative analysis. This reduces influence of framing effects and leads to greater consistency across frames of a given scenario. Children between the ages of 10-12 are more likely to take risks and show framing effects, while younger children only considered the quantitative differences between the two options presented.
Young adulthood.
Younger adults are more likely than older adults to be enticed by risk-taking when presented with loss frame trials.
In multiple studies of undergraduate students, researchers have found that students are more likely to prefer options framed positively. For example, they are more likely to enjoy meat labeled 75% lean meat as opposed to 25% fat, or use condoms advertised as being 95% effective as opposed to having a 5% risk of failure.
Young adults are especially susceptible to framing effects when presented with an ill-defined problem in which there is no correct answer and individuals must arbitrarily determine what information they consider relevant. For example, undergraduate students are more willing to purchase an item such as a movie ticket after losing an amount equivalent to the item’s cost than after losing the item itself.
Older adulthood.
The framing effect is greater in older adults than in younger adults or adolescents. This may be a result of enhanced negativity bias, though some sources claim that the negativity bias actually decreases with age. Another possible cause is that older adults have fewer cognitive resources available to them and are more likely to default to less cognitively demanding strategies when faced with a decision. They tend to rely on easily accessible information, or frames, regardless of whether that information is relevant to making the decision in question. Several studies have shown that younger adults will make less biased decisions than older adults because they base their choices on interpretations of patterns of events and can better employ decision making strategies that require cognitive resources like working-memory skills. Older adults, on the other hand, make choices based on immediate reactions to gains and losses.
Older adults' lack of cognitive resources, such as flexibility in decision making strategies, may cause older adults to be influenced by emotional frames more so than younger adults or adolescents. In addition, as individuals age, they make decisions more quickly than their younger counterparts. It is significant that, when prompted to do so, older adults will often make a less biased decision with reevaluation of their original choice.
The increase in framing effects among older adults has important implications, especially in medical contexts. Older adults are influenced heavily by the inclusion or exclusion of extraneous details, meaning they are likely to make serious medical decisions based on how doctors frame the two options rather than the qualitative differences between the options, causing older adults to inappropriately form their choices.
When considering cancer treatments, framing can shift older adults’ focus from short- to long-term survival under a negative and positive frame, respectively. When presented with treatment descriptions described in positive, negative, or neutral terms, older adults are significantly more likely to agree to a treatment when it is positively described than they are to agree to the same treatment when it is described neutrally or negatively. Additionally, framing often leads to inconsistency in choice: a change in description qualities after an initial choice is made can cause older adults to revoke their initial decision in favor of an alternative option. Older adults also remember positively framed statements more accurately than negatively framed statements. This has been demonstrated by evaluating older adults’ recall of statements in pamphlets about health care issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20666074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666074" title="Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress">
Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress

Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20666094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666094" title="Whaler (disambiguation)">
Whaler (disambiguation)

A whaler is a specialized kind of ship designed for whaling.
Whaler may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20666099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666099" title="Shittu">
Shittu

Shittu may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20666139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666139" title="Chicago Welsh Societies">
Chicago Welsh Societies

Chicago's Welsh Societies.
The Welsh have a long and proud history in the state of Illinois, so in many ways it is unsurprising that Chicago is home to three separate Welsh societies that cater to various aspects of Welsh culture past and present:
The Cambrian Benevolent Society of Chicago.
The Cambrian Benevolent Society of Chicago (CBS) is the oldest Welsh society in Chicago. It was founded in 1853 to 'afford pecuniary relief to Welsh people and their descendants...in indigent circumstances...and also for the purpose of effecting the social improvement of its members' (CBS by-laws 1906). Relief was provided to individuals and families who fell on hard times and every Welsh man, woman or child who died in the city or surrounding area without sufficient funds for a funeral was properly and respectfully buried. Money was raised through annual dues, tickets to concerts and picnics and from generous donations of members. It is one the oldest cultural societies in Illinois. Officers and members of the society helped to organize an international eisteddfod(Welsh cultural festival) in Chicago in September 1893 on the grounds of the 'White City' at the World's Fair and Columbian Exposition.
The society holds an annual St. David's Day banquet around March 1st, organizes a summer picnic, and mans a booth at Celtic Fest in Grant Park, Chicago in September to promote Wales and to educate Chicagoans about Wales and the Welsh. In November members of the society decorate the Welsh tree at the Museum of Science & Industry's annual 'Christmas Around the World' exhibition with symbols of Wales e.g. harps, red dragons, lovespoons, daffodils, and in the spring they hold a traditional Gymanfa Ganu (Singing Festival) in a local church to celebrate their love of singing. Board members are currently working on a project to catalogue Welsh graves in local cemeteries.
The Women’s Welsh Club of Illinois.
The Women's Welsh Clubs of America originated in Cleveland, Ohio in 1914.
Plans for the Illinois Club began in early spring of 1955 when a committee met at the home of Estelle Roberts Schubert. It was then called the Welsh Women's Club. The first open meeting was held on June 20, 1955 at the Carleton Hotel in Oak Park. There were 63 women present. Within a short time 61 of them became charter members and many more joined that first year. The first President of the Women's Welsh Club of Illinois was Miss Myra Thomas. The Illinois Club is one of only a handful remaining in the country and continues to meet regularly.
The Chicago Tafia Welsh Society.
The Chicago Tafia is an expatriate Welsh group that was formed in Chicago in 1999.
As one of the youngest and consequently the most contemporary Welsh groups in North America, they are well-known to provide a real link to the present culture of Wales to the Chicago 
area.
The group’s activities are varied with social get-together s to watch Welsh sporting events and musicians in addition to the typical cultural events such as St. David’s Day.
That is not to say that the traditional elements of Welsh culture are taken for granted by the group, over the years they have been involved with over a dozen concerts for Welsh male voice choirs in the Chicago area, including the Pendyrus, Penrhyn, Bangor, Black Mountain, Burlington and CF1 choirs at prominent Chicago venues.
In 2007 the group scored a double hit by attracting the former lead singer of Catatonia, Cerys Matthews to entertain the group at their annual St. David’s Day party and also the passing of Illinois General Assembly signing into law Bill HR0149 that proclaimed March 1, 2007, and each year thereafter, as St. David's Day in the State of Illinois and recognizing the Welsh contribution to the state.
In 2009, 2010 & 2011 The Chicago Tafia partnered with the British Consulate-General in Chicago and Colliers B&K to illuminate the iconic Wrigley Building red, white, and green (the colours of the Welsh flag) on Saint Davids Day on Sunday, March 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20666149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666149" title="Phonologie du Français Contemporain">
Phonologie du Français Contemporain

Phonologie du Français Contemporain (PFC) is an international linguistics research project devoted to the creation and use of resources for the study of the phonology of contemporary French.
Activities.
The main objective of the PFC project is the creation of a large, machine-readable, publicly available annotated corpus of contemporary spoken French, including data from as many francophone regions as possible. The database currently contains data from 450 speakers representing 75 geographical areas. Each speaker is recorded in various speech situations (reading out loud of texts and wordlists, guided conversation, spontaneous conversation). The data made available in the PFC corpus includes demographic information about each speaker, the sound files, an orthographic transcription, and several types of annotation. In particular, special encodings are used to indicate speakers' pronunciation of schwa and liaison.
The corpus is meant to be a resource for linguistic research into French phonology and a source for the development of tools for teaching French as a foreign language. The project also plays an important cultural role in the documentation of endangered regional varieties of French.
Participating institutions.
Researchers from the following institutions have contributed to the development of the PFC database.
Research on French phonology using the PFC resources and tools is carried out at many other sites.

</doc>
<doc id="20666169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666169" title="Gnip Gnop">
Gnip Gnop

Gnip Gnop is a two-player table-top game in which the players try to get all six balls to the opponent's side first. The game begins with three balls and three levers per sides. The levers are for shooting balls to the other side. Between the two sides is a plastic barrier with the holes slightly larger than the balls. There are three pink balls and three green balls. The game is enclosed in clear plastic to keep the balls from flying out.
Gnip Gnop was designed by Marvin Glass and Associates for Parker Brothers. It was originally released in 1971. Fundex Games produces a slightly modified version of the game. Fundex filed for bankruptcy protection in September 2012.
The name comes from "ping pong" spelled backwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20666173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666173" title="Philatelic auction">
Philatelic auction

A philatelic auction, or stamp auction is a sale of stamps, covers and other philatelic material usually run by stamp dealers or specialist collectibles auctioneers, such as, David Feldman, Christie's and Sotheby's, where prospective purchasers place bids in an attempt to obtain the desired items. 
The highest bidder for each lot (described item or items) makes the purchase. Auctions are generally divided into mail sales, where bids are accepted by mail, and public sales, where mail bids are combined with live bidding from individuals present at the auction or participating by telephone.
Auctions usually allow prospective purchasers to view the items beforehand, either in a catalogue, in the auction house, or both.

</doc>
<doc id="20666187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666187" title="Joseph W. Hatchett">
Joseph W. Hatchett

Joseph Woodrow Hatchett was born in Clearwater, Florida on September 17, 1932. His mother worked as a maid and his father was a cotton picker. Hatchett rose from these working class beginnings to become the first black man elected to the Florida Supreme Court.
When he applied to law school in 1956, law schools in the state of Florida were still segregated. Hatchett attended Howard University Law School in Washington, D.C. On graduation in 1959, he returned to Florida, was admitted to the Florida Bar, and began a private practice.
When Hatchett began his law practice, Jim Crow laws were still in effect in the state and segregation in schools, hotels, and other facilities was the norm. Hatchett took a more direct role in ending this. From 1960 to 1966 he worked with the NAACP Legal Defense Fund.
On September 2, 1975, Hatchett was appointed to the Florida Supreme Court by governor Reubin Askew. An even more significant step in ending racial separation was Hatchett's reelection in 1976. He became the first black justice to be reelected to the Florida Supreme Court.
In 1979, Hatchett resigned his position a Florida Supreme Court Justice in order to step into another first. In that year Hatchett became the first black justice admitted to a federal court of appeals in the south when he was appointed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit. When the 5th Circuit split in 1981 to form the 5th Circuit and 11th Circuit, Hatchett went with the 11th Circuit. He remained in this position until 1999 and served as Chief Judge of this body from 1996 to 1999. He was succeeded as a federal judge by Charles R. Wilson, who had served as a law clerk under Hatchett.
Hatchett now works as an of counsel attorney with Akerman Senterfitt in Tallahassee, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20666262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666262" title="Christopher Brinchmann">
Christopher Brinchmann

Christopher Brinchmann (1864 – 1940) was a Norwegian historian and archivist.
He was born in Leka. He worked in the National Archival Services of Norway from 1896, and was deputy director from 1922 to 1934. He was among the publishers of "Diplomatarium Norvegicum". Among his own works were "Nationalforskeren P. A. Munch; hans liv og virke" (1910), "Grønlands overgang til Danmark" (1922), "Norske kongesigiller" (1924) and "Norges arkivsaker i Danmark" (1927). He also edited the periodical "Kringsjaa", from 1898 to 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="20666265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666265" title="Joe Alexander (basketball)">
Joe Alexander (basketball)

Joe Alexander (born December 26, 1986) is an American professional basketball player. Alexander, who at and plays both forward positions, was selected for the 2007 All-Big East squad during his collegiate career with West Virginia and was an All-American Honorable Mention. He was selected eighth overall in the 2008 NBA Draft by the Milwaukee Bucks. He is the first-ever Taiwanese-born NBA player.
Early life.
Born in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, Alexander moved to Silver Spring, Maryland, U.S., when he was two. When he was eight, his family relocated to China when his father got a job working for Nestlé. Alexander lived in Hong Kong for six months and then in China for six years, becoming conversant in Mandarin. While Alexander lived in Hong Kong, he attended the Hong Kong International School in Tai Tam. Alexander and his family lived in a separated ex-pat community with other Americans in Beijing. There he attended the International School of Beijing from 1996–2002, where he first became acquainted with basketball. His brothers, John and Jeremy, became the first foreigners to win the Beijing High School basketball MVP award and did so in successive seasons. In 2010, the ISB Dragons basketball team officially retired Alexander's jersey in an elaborate ceremony in the school gym, a ceremony where Alexander himself was present.
Alexander then returned to the U.S. to live in Mt. Airy, Maryland, where he spent his junior and senior seasons playing for Linganore High School. While he only played a minor role coming off the bench his junior year, his senior season he boasted averages of 14.8 points, 7.0 rebounds and 2.8 assists per game, which earned him first-team Monocacy Valley Athlete League Chesapeake conference honors. Alexander was named team captain his senior year and selected to the Frederick County all-star first team. He was named Mt. Airy Gazette player of the year, 2004 Frederick Gazette player of the year, earned first-team honors from the Frederick Gazette and Frederick News Post, and was on "The Washington Post"'s honorable mention all-Met team. Alexander also set school records for blocks in a season (90) and season field goal percentage (58.0).
After high school, Alexander gained only limited attention from Division III schools (including Washington College, where his brothers were playing) and some Division II programs. At that point, Alexander was 6'6" (1.98 m) and only 170 lb (77 kg); a Division I athletic scholarship was out of the question. Determined to make his dream a reality, he opted to attend Hargrave Military Academy in Chatham, Virginia.
Playing behind Pitt star Sam Young and Villanova's Shane Clark, Alexander saw limited playing time while at Hargrave.
College career.
Freshman season.
Alexander enrolled at West Virginia University in 2005 after attending Hargrave Military Academy for the 2004–2005 season. As a freshman, he played in 10 games, while starters Kevin Pittsnogle and Mike Gansey led the starting senior class. On November 13, 2005, Alexander scored his first collegiate basket against Wofford. His best game his freshman year was against Washington & Jefferson College where he scored five points and blocked five shots on December 3.
Sophomore season.
Alexander finally started in the 2006–2007 season. Against DePaul on January 28, 2007, Alexander posted a career-high 23 points. With 1:30 seconds left in the game, West Virginia led 61–48 after Alexander's shot clock-beating 3-pointer and a three-point play. But from what looked to be a good season, Alexander's season declined in the second half. After an 11-point performance versus Providence on February 2, Alexander went without scoring over double-digits for the rest of the regular season and the Big East Tournament. Alexander also only totaled 18 points in the Mountaineers' NIT run, which ended with a championship win over Clemson on March 29. Alexander scored no points and grabbed one rebound in 16 minutes. His performances included a 4-point game in a 74–50 victory over Delaware State on March 13, a 3-point game in a 71–66 win over North Carolina State on March 20, a 2-point game in a 63–62 win over Mississippi State on March 27. He averaged 10.3 points per game, 1.9 assists per game, and 4.3 rebounds per game for the season.
Junior season.
After the NIT championship, head coach John Beilein left the team for the head coaching job at Michigan. Afterwards, West Virginia alumnus Bob Huggins left Kansas State for the head coaching job at WVU. Huggins emphasizes strength training and as a result Alexander went from 210 pounds to 230 pounds and has often remarked that the training allowed him to avoid fatigue and weight loss.
In the season-opening exhibition game against Mountain State, Alexander scored 19 points, grabbed 6 rebounds, totaled 5 blocks, and had one steal in the 88–65 win. In the 75–61 victory over New Mexico State, Alexander scored 16 points and grabbed 10 rebounds. The next game, a victory over UMES, Alexander scored 22 points with 8 rebounds. In the 70–53 victory over Winthrop, Alexander scored 19 points and again grabbed 10 rebounds. Alexander then scored 17 points in the victory over Auburn and a then career-high 26 points over Duquesne. Alexander scored 20 points and grabbed 8 rebounds against Maryland-Baltimore County on December 15, then followed up with 20 points and 6 rebounds against Canisius on December 22, 2007. In the 88–82 loss to Oklahoma on December 29, Alexander scored 21 points and grabbed 7 rebounds, and in the loss to Notre Dame on he only scored 9 points. He then put up 19 points, 4 rebounds, and 5 assists in the victory over Marquette on January 6, 2008. However, in the January 10 loss to Louisville, Alexander scored 22 points, including 14 straight in the second half. In the 73–64 victory over St. John's on January 17, he scored 15 points.
After dealing with injuries, Alexander bounced back on February 2, 2008 with 19 points and 8 rebounds in West Virginia's 77–65 away win against Providence. On February 14 in the 81–63 victory against Rutgers, Alexander totaled 15 points and 9 rebounds. Then in the 89–68 victory against Seton Hall on February 17, he registered 13 points and 9 rebounds. In the 78–56 loss to Villanova on February 20, Alexander scored 11 points with 4 rebounds and 3 assists. In the February 23 home game versus Providence, Alexander scored 21 points and grabbed 7 rebounds in West Virginia's 80–53 win. In the 85–73 victory over DePaul on February 27, Alexander scored 17 points to reach the 20-win mark for the season. In the 79–71 loss to Connecticut on March 1, he scored a career-high 32 points and added 10 rebounds for his third double-double of the season. The following game, on March 3, a 76–62 home victory over Pittsburgh, Alexander tied his career-high of 32 points (on 10 of 16 field goals) set the previous game and also added 6 rebounds. He began his performance with his team up 40–30, when he scored six consecutive points to raise the score to 47–30 in the second half. Alexander finished the regular season in the 83–74 overtime victory over St. John's at Madison Square Garden on March 8 with 29 points and 10 rebounds, including 7 in the extra period. For his efforts on the season—averaging team-highs of 16.2 points and 6.1 rebounds per game—Alexander was named to the first-team All-Big East squad. He was the sixth Mountaineer in school history to earn first-team All-Big East honors.
In the start of the Big East Tournament, the Mountaineers beat Providence again, 58–53. Alexander contributed with 22 points and 6 rebounds. In the second round of the tourney, the Mountaineers upset the #15-ranked Connecticut Huskies on March 13, 78–72. Alexander contributed with a career-high 34 points, the most ever by a Mountaineer in a Big East championship. He also added 7 rebounds. The game marked his third 30-point game of the season. However, as the Mountaineers lost in the semifinal matchup against the No. 8 Georgetown Hoyas, Alexander finished the Big East Tournament with 12 points on 5-of-16 shooting, and 5 rebounds.
The Mountaineers' run to the semifinal round of the Big East Tourney propelled the team to a #7-seed in the NCAA Tournament, with a first-round matchup against the #10-seed Arizona Wildcats. ESPN, in their West region breakdown, named Alexander the best player in the region next to UCLA's Kevin Love. In the first-round victory over Arizona, Alexander scored 14 points and grabbed 8 rebounds. In the second-round victory over the #2-seed Duke Blue Devils, he scored 22 points and grabbed 11 rebounds as the Mountaineers won 73–67. In the Sweet 16 75–79 overtime loss to No. 3 Xavier on March 27, Alexander scored 18 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for his second double-double of the tournament.
Alexander finished his junior season leading the team with 16.9 points per game and 6.4 rebounds per game. Alexander was second on the team with 1.5 blocks per game and third with 2.4 assists per game and 31.6 minutes played per game. He finished the NCAA Tournament by averaging 18 points and 9.6 rebounds per game.
NBA career.
Milwaukee Bucks (2008–2010).
On April 9, 2008, Alexander declared himself eligible for the 2008 NBA Draft, and later signed with an agent, forfeiting his college eligibility. Alexander was described as the best athlete on paper at the draft overall, by having the second most number of 185 lb bench reps (24), the second highest max touch (12' ½") and the second fastest ¾ sprint time (2.99 seconds). He was drafted 8th overall in the NBA Draft by the Milwaukee Bucks in June, and was signed by the team on July 8. In the 2008 NBA Summer League, Alexander averaged 9.2 points, 3.6 rebounds and 1.2 blocks per game while starting all five games. In a December 7, 2008 Bucks loss to the L.A. Lakers, Alexander led the team in scoring with 15 points. Following the All-Star break, Alexander saw a streak of four consecutive games where he did not play. However, he rebounded in a loss to the Miami Heat by totaling 13 points, 5 rebounds and 5 assists in 20 minutes of playing time. He averaged 5.8 points for the month of January, the most of his rookie season in a month. In a March 30, 2009 win over the New Jersey Nets, Alexander scored a career high 16 points. Alexander finished the season averaging 4.7 points in his 12.1 minutes per game.
In the offseason prior to the 2009–2010 season, starting forward Richard Jefferson was traded to the San Antonio Spurs, potentially freeing up playing time for Alexander.
On October 30, 2009 the Bucks declined Alexander's rookie contract option that would have added a third season to his rookie contract.
NBA D-League (2010).
After missing time because of a hamstring injury, he was assigned to the NBA D-League's Fort Wayne Mad Ants on January 20, 2010.
Chicago Bulls (2010).
On February 18, 2010, Alexander was traded to the Chicago Bulls along with Hakim Warrick for John Salmons.
New Orleans Hornets (2010).
On September 20, 2010, Alexander signed with the New Orleans Hornets, but he was waived on November 13, 2010.
Return to the NBA D-League (2010–2011).
On November 26, Alexander was signed by the NBA D-League's Texas Legends. He had a successful 2010–11 season with the Legends averaging 20.2 points and 8.9 rebounds per game and was awarded a spot at the D-League's 2011 All-Star game. He was in an Atlanta Hawks minicamp before the 2011 NBA lockout occurred.
In June 2011, Alexander was listed as one of the NBA's "Biggest Draft Busts" by the "New York Daily News", due to his struggles to transition from college to the NBA.
Russia (2011).
In July 2011, he signed with BC Krasnye Krylya Samara of Russia. He left in December 2011.
2013–present.
On September 27, 2013, he signed with the Golden State Warriors. On October 25, 2013, Alexander was waived by the Warriors.
In November 2013, he was acquired by the Santa Cruz Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="20666403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666403" title="Aude (character)">
Aude (character)

Aude, or Alda, Alde, was the sister of Oliver and betrothed of Roland in "The Song of Roland" and other chansons de geste. The story of her engagement to Roland is told in "Girart de Vienne".
In "The Song of Roland" Aude is first mentioned by her brother Oliver when he tells Roland that the two will never be married, when the two counts are arguing before the battle; they are later reconciled, but both die fighting the Saracens. When Charlemagne returns to Aix and informs Aude that Roland has died, she collapses at the Emperor's feet and dies of grief.
"The Lovely Alda" is part of Edward MacDowell's 1891 orchestral composition, "Two Fragments after the Song of Roland".

</doc>
<doc id="20666429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666429" title="Adel Kamel">
Adel Kamel

Dr. Adel Kamel (1942–2003) عادل كامل was a Music critic, musicologist and composer.
He was one of the writers in "Watani" newspaper, the founder of “Panorama” section, a lecturer in Universities in Egypt and abroad, a member of jury in international choir competitions, a
member of many international organizations, and also had several publications.
He felt that there is something deep in the Coptic music and he was fascinated by many Coptic hymns, beside his studies and appreciation to the classical music in 1991 he was thinking very strongly in both classical and Coptic music.
Works.
These two works were written originally for trio, but in 2001 a piano transcription was made by Dr. Adel Kamel and Nabil K. Agaiby.

</doc>
<doc id="20666506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666506" title="Clarkforkian">
Clarkforkian

The Clarkforkian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 56,800,000 to 55,400,000 years BP lasting . It is usually considered to be within the Paleocene, more specifically the Late Paleocene. The Clarkforkian is preceded by the Tiffanian and followed by the Wasatchian NALMA stages.
The Clarkforkian shares its upper boundary with the Thanetian and is considered to contain the following substages:

</doc>
<doc id="20666522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666522" title="Steven Mouyokolo">
Steven Mouyokolo

Steven Stefan Fabrice Mouyokolo (born 24 January 1987) is a French footballer who plays as a centre back for Scottish Premiership club Celtic.
Club career.
Early career.
Mouyokolo was born in Melun, France to Congolese parents. He began his senior football career at Ligue 2 side LB Châteauroux. He made his way up to the first team in 2006, but never made a first team appearance for the club, and in 2007 he joined fellow Ligue 2 side FC Gueugnon. He made 22 first team appearances for his new club, and his impressive displays from central defence earned him a move to US Boulogne, also of Ligue 2.
The defender made a bright start to the 2008–09 Ligue 2 season, helping his team to second in the table by December. His performances caught the attention of English Premier League teams Newcastle United, Wigan Athletic, Middlesbrough, Bolton Wanderers and Arsenal.
Hull City.
However, it was Hull City who agreed a fee with Boulogne for the defender on 30 January 2009, but the transfer would not take place until the summer. Mouyokolo officially signed a four-year deal for his new club on 2 June 2009, after helping his former club to promotion to French Ligue 1 for the first time in their history. He scored to earn a 1–1 draw against eventual champions Chelsea on 2 February 2010, but was part of the team that ended up relegated to The Championship.
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Mouyokolo remained in the English Premier League when he moved to Wolverhampton Wanderers on 18 June 2010 in a four-year deal (with the option of a fifth year) for a fee which was undisclosed but reported in the local media as being £2.5 million. His Wolves debut came in the League Cup tie with Notts County at Molineux on 21 September 2010. He struggled to make an impression in his first season, making only seven appearances in all competitions.
With opportunities limited at Wolves, in June 2011 Mouyokolo was sent on loan to Ligue 1 side Sochaux, with the option to buy the player at the end of the loan. Wolves manager Mick McCarthy said at the time: "We saw huge potential in Steven but he has had injury problems that have limited his opportunities." However, Mouyokolo only managed four appearances for Sochaux in a season marred by injury, including a ruptured cruciate ligament suffered in February 2012, before he returned to Wolves at the end of the season. On 30 January 2013 his contract at Wolves was terminated by mutual consent, making him a free agent after just seven appearances for the club.
Celtic.
On 16 July 2013, Mouyokolo signed for Scottish Premier League champions Celtic, after impressing on trial in a series of pre-season games. He made his Celtic debut in a 2-0 win against Aberdeen. Mouyokolo went on to make his European debut for the club only three days later against Shakhtar Karagandy in the first leg of the UEFA Champions League play off round.

</doc>
<doc id="20666543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666543" title="1980–81 New York Rangers season">
1980–81 New York Rangers season

The 1980–81 New York Rangers season was the 55th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). In the regular season, the Rangers finished in fourth place in the Patrick Division with 74 points and earned a berth in the playoffs. New York won series with the Los Angeles Kings and St. Louis Blues to reach the NHL semi-finals, where the team was defeated by the New York Islanders in a four-game sweep.
Regular season.
Fred Shero, citing a drinking problem, chose to resign as coach. Craig Patrick, the Rangers' director of operations, replaced him. Craig Patrick became the third generation of the Patrick family to coach the Rangers, after Lester Patrick, Lynn Patrick and Muzz Patrick.
Halfway through the season, veteran Phil Esposito decided to retire. He retired after 18 seasons, the last six with the Rangers. He finished his career with 717 goals and 1,590 points.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1980 NHL Entry Draft in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Montreal Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="20666574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666574" title="Amelia Island Concours d'Elegance">
Amelia Island Concours d'Elegance

The Amelia Island Concours d'Elegance is an automotive charitable event held each year during the second weekend in March at The Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island in Amelia Island, Florida. A "New York Times" article about celebrity car ownership listed "the nation's top concours d'elegance: "Pebble Beach" in California, "Meadow Brook" in Michigan, "Amelia Island" in Florida and the "Louis Vuitton Classic" in midtown Manhattan."
A "Concours d'Elegance" (French, literally "a competition of elegance") is according to "New York Times" writer Keith Martin like a "beauty pageant for rare and elegant cars,". Each entry is rated for authenticity, function, history, style and quality of restoration by a team of judges that includes specialists for each car type. A perfect score is 100, but any imperfection, no matter how slight, requires a fractional point deduction. Classes are arranged by type, marque, coachbuilder, country of origin, or time period.
Judges select first-, second-, and third-place finishers for each class in the event, and the judges confer the "Best of Show" award on one car from the group of first-place winners. In addition, a group of honorary judges — typically individuals who have made significant contributions to the automotive industry or motorsports — give subjective awards to recognize standout vehicles regardless of class ribbons, as well as memorial awards created to honor automotive industry personages.
History.
Businessman and car collector Bill Warner, a photographer and writer for "Road & Track" magazine since 1971, founded the Amelia Island Concours d'Elegance in 1996 at the urging of other northeast Florida auto enthusiasts who wanted a classic car show in Florida like the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance in California. Warner selected Community Hospice of Northeast Florida, which had provided service to his parents as well as his wife, as the beneficiary of the event. The first event was held April 6, 1996 at Ritz-Carlton Amelia Island. Warner assembled a group of 163 cars and attendance was around 2,200.
By 1999 attendance had increased to 8,500; 205 cars were exhibited; and $268,000 was raised for Community Hospice. The "New York Times" assigned a reporter to write a story. In his full-page feature article, Keith Martin stated, "The Amelia Island event, which is sponsored by Mercedes-Benz, is the only one in its region to aspire to the same standard of excellence (as the) Concours d'Elegance at Pebble Beach, in California, as well as the Louis Vuitton Classic at Rockefeller Center".
Entrants submit an application for each car, and the Concours field is selected from each year's pool of applicants. Many collectors spend years and hundreds of thousands of dollars purchasing and restoring a car in hopes of being chosen. Once a car is accepted to the Concours, it cannot again be entered in the event for five years, with three exceptions; the ownership of the car has changed, the car has been restored, or if the featured marque is obscure, the Concours car selection committee can reach out to invite cars of varying restoration quality — or cars that have previously been entered in the Concours — in order to provide a healthy representation of the marque for exhibition. 
Many of the competing cars are valued in the hundreds of thousands of dollars, with some worth millions. For this reason, along with its setting and amenities, the Amelia Island Concours is considered one of the premier concours in the world.
Events.
Most of the owners display their cars because they want everyone who appreciates style and beauty to see their project. Most view the weekend as a social gathering rather than a special interest event. The organizers attempt to invite vehicles from varying time periods so that spectators who prefer a certain style of car will always find several examples to examine.
Each year's Amelia Island Concours honors an outstanding person from motorsports, a featured Marque (manufacturer) or theme, plus judging and awards for each class of the "Field of Dreams", the showcase exhibition. Events have included a golf tournament, automobile auctions, art and fashion shows, silent auctions of memorabilia, charity raffles and autograph sessions.
Charitable contributions.
The non-profit "Amelia Island Concours d'Elegance Foundation" was formed in 2000 to organize and manage the workload of more than 300 volunteers.
The proceeds of the Amelia Island Concours d'Elegance have helped support Community Hospice of Northeast Florida with total contributions of over $1.5 million through 2008. The event's goal is to raise at least $100,000 for Community Hospice each year. Other charities receiving funding include The Spina Bifida Association of Florida at Jacksonville, Shop with Cops, Duval County 4-H Foundation and the Navy Marine Corps Relief Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20666628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666628" title="Abulbəyli">
Abulbəyli

Abulbəyli is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 5,653.

</doc>
<doc id="20666639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666639" title="Theodor Franz, Count Baillet von Latour">
Theodor Franz, Count Baillet von Latour

Count Theodor Franz Baillet von Latour (15 June 17806 October 1848) was an Austrian soldier and statesman. As the Imperial Minister of War, he was killed by a mob at the beginning of the Vienna Uprising.
Biography.
Latour was born at Linz the son of Count Maximilian Anton Karl Baillet de Latour (17371806), a "Feldmarschall-Leutnant" in Austrian service during the Revolutionary Wars of Walloon descent. After a military and engineering training at the Theresian Military Academy, he entered the corps of engineers in 1799 and became a member of the general staff of the Austrian Imperial and Royal Army in 1804. Latour took part in various military campaigns of the Napoleonic Wars in which he distinguished himself and was highly decorated. 
During European Restoration he filled an array of leadership roles in the military ranks up to a "Feldzeugmeister", and in addition served as the head of the military commission attached to the "Bundesversammlung" (assembly) of the German Confederation at Frankfurt, contributed to the design of the fortifications at Rastatt, and finally was director of engineering. 
In the Revolutions of 1848 he was called to head the war ministry in the cabinet of Minister-President Count Karl Ludwig von Ficquelmont, whose direction he saw to without regard to his advanced years. A distinct asserter of conservatism, his efforts especially sought to give the public no cause for unrest. Faced with the Hungarian Revolution, Latour backed the loyal forces of Ban Josip Jelačić and arranged troops to second his campaign. These efforts sparked the Vienna Uprising: On 6 October 1848 a crowd of students, workers and mutinous soldiers forcibly tried to prevent the troops marching off. In the following street fights, an outraged mob sought Latour out in the war ministry and lynched him.

</doc>
<doc id="20666650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666650" title="Aşırallar">
Aşırallar

Aşırallar is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 217. 

</doc>
<doc id="20666654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666654" title="Sofular">
Sofular

Sofular is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 443. 

</doc>
<doc id="20666662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666662" title="Aran, Tovuz">
Aran, Tovuz

Aran is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 481. 

</doc>
<doc id="20666663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666663" title="Partners Harvard Medical International">
Partners Harvard Medical International

Partners Harvard Medical International (PHMI) is a not-for-profit organization that provides advisory services and professional consulting to organizations outside the United States. PHMI is a subsidiary of Partners HealthCare System, a health care system based in Boston, Massachusetts.
History.
PHMI was founded in 1994 as a subsidiary of Harvard University. From 1994 until 2008, the organization was known as Harvard Medical International, or HMI. Operated as a division of Harvard Medical School, HMI’s original focus was to work with institutions around the world – primarily medical schools and health care delivery organizations – who were interested in developing education programs and health care programs of the high standard represented by Harvard Medical School and its associated teaching hospitals. In April 2008, HMI became Partners Harvard Medical International and became part of Partners HealthCare. Since 1994, the company has developed collaborative relationships with institutions in more than 40 countries.
Organization.
PHMI’s clients are predominantly health care delivery organizations or systems, academic medical institutions or other schools in the health sciences, government and non-governmental agencies, and stakeholders and developers undertaking projects in the arena of health care and education. PHMI's services to clients include strategic planning, infrastructure/facilities and systems planning, clinical and educational program design, professional development programming, and quality improvement programs. Many PHMI projects involve work in multiple areas of expertise and draw upon multidisciplinary collaborations between PHMI staff and client staff. PHMI commonly engages members of the Harvard University faculty and clinical staff from top Harvard-affiliated hospitals in the Boston area, including Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham & Women's Hospital, to serve as consultants on its projects, depending on the type of expertise required to service the client. 
Much of PHMI’s early work was focused on assisting medical schools with exploring and implementing up-to-date curriculum models. PHMI has long-standing collaborative relationships with medical faculties at Ludwig Maximilians University in Munich, Germany and the Dresden University of Technology. Other long-standing relationships include PHMI’s work with Asan Medical Center in Seoul, South Korea, and Tokyo Medical and Dental University in Japan. 
Over the last decade, PHMI has worked on increasing numbers of projects focused on developing health care delivery systems and organizations. In 2003, PHMI began a relationship with Dubai Healthcare City (DHCC), the large health care and education free zone development supported by the Government of Dubai. PHMI played an important role in helping to design the rules and regulations for the health care city and processes to enable DHCC to welcome new health care services providers. 
Another notable PHMI project is its collaboration with Wockhardt Hospitals Limited, a private sector chain of super-specialty hospitals based in Mumbai, India.In 2005, an intensive quality and performance improvement program involving staff from both PHMI and Wockhardt resulted in Wockhardt’s Mulund hospital receiving accreditation from Joint Commission International (JCI). Further work resulted in JCI’s accreditation of Wockhardt’s Bangalore hospital in 2008. 
Recent projects have focused on improving diabetes care in Libya, assisting with development of a new medical school in Saudi Arabia, and conceptual planning for schools of nursing, medicine, and allied health in Pakistan. 
PHMI has around 50 full-time employees based in its Boston headquarters. A number of full-time staff are on the faculty of Harvard Medical School and have served in various roles at Harvard-affiliated hospitals in the Boston area. The staff also includes professionals from the fields of nursing, architecture and facilities planning, and management consulting.

</doc>
<doc id="20666664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666664" title="Hacıhəsənli">
Hacıhəsənli

Hacıhəsənli is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 552. 

</doc>
<doc id="20666669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666669" title="The Handsome Family">
The Handsome Family

The Handsome Family is an alternative country and americana band, formed in Chicago, Illinois, and currently based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
History.
The band was formed in 1993 by husband-and-wife duo Brett Sparks (vocals, guitar, keyboards) and Rennie Sparks (bass, banjo, vocals), along with drummer Mike Werner. The band would later revolve around Rennie, who writes the lyrics, and Brett, who writes the music. Guest musicians complete the band line-up for recordings and live work.
Regarding the band name, Brett said in an interview: "It's just kind of a stupid name. We used to have this really obnoxious drummer, and he used to call me 'Handsome', that was his nickname for me, I think for sarcastic reasons... And he wanted to call it the Handsome Family...and we thought it was funny, too. We thought it was a good name."
Brett is originally from Odessa, Texas and Rennie from Long Island. The band toured extensively throughout both America and Europe in support of early releases "Odessa" (1994) and "Milk and Scissors" (1996). During that time, Brett suffered an emotional breakdown, resulting in his hospitalization and diagnosis of bipolar disorder.
Their third full-length album, "Through the Trees", was written in the aftermath of these events, and included a song inspired by Brett's experiences in the psychiatric unit. The album was recorded in 1998, using Jeff Tweedy's mobile studio, and brought the band to a wider audience. It was named the "Best New Country Album of the Year" by "UNCUT".
A growing following and raised profile allowed Brett and Rennie to give up their day jobs and work on the band full-time. They toured America and Europe again in support of the 2000 album "In the Air". In 2001, they moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico, and released "Twilight", with Allmusic opining that the album leads "the listener down a lovely yet dark trail few would dare tread twice". In 2002, they released a live album, "Live at Schuba's Tavern", a recording from the "In the Air" tour from Chicago in December 2000. They have subsequently released the albums "Singing Bones" (2003), "Last Days of Wonder" (2006), and "Honey Moon" (2009) as well as the collections "Smothered and Covered" (2003) and "Scattered" (2010).
The band's latest studio album, "Wilderness", was released in May 2013.
The track "Far From Any Road," from the album "Singing Bones", was recently selected as the theme song for HBO's 2014 crime drama "True Detective" by the show's music director, T Bone Burnett.
Musical style.
The Handsome Family's style is a blend of traditional country, bluegrass, and murder ballads. Early recordings have rock elements, but these were less evident from 1996's "Milk and Scissors" onwards.
Rennie's lyrics have a strong storytelling component, drawing on themes from Gothic fiction, as well as American folk music, and often involving macabre subjects as murders, suicides and ghosts. Some songs are also based on actual historical figures or events, including the lives and deaths of Amelia Earhart ("Amelia Earhart vs. the Dancing Bear", on "Milk and Scissors"), Emily Shore ("Emily Shore 1819-1839", on "Milk and Scissors"), Robert Wadlow ("The Giant of Illinois", on "Through the Trees"), Natalie Wood ("Natalie Wood", an outtake from "Twilight", which appears on "Smothered and Covered"), and Nikola Tesla ("Tesla's Hotel Room", on "Last Days of Wonder").

</doc>
<doc id="20666671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666671" title="Papaqçılar">
Papaqçılar

Papaqçılar is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,387. The municipality consists of the villages of Papaqçılar and Güvəndik (formerly, Küvəndi). 

</doc>
<doc id="20666677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666677" title="Hacıalılı, Tovuz">
Hacıalılı, Tovuz

Hacıalılı is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,545. 

</doc>
<doc id="20666731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666731" title="Key to the Mint">
Key to the Mint

Key to the Mint (1969-1996) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Bred by Paul Mellon and raced under his Rokeby Stable colors, Key to the Mint was trained by future Hall of Fame inductee, Elliott Burch.
Racing career.
He did not run in the Kentucky Derby, the first race of the U.S. Triple Crown series, but then finished third to winner Bee Bee Bee in the Preakness Stakes and fourth to Riva Ridge in the Belmont Stakes.
Following his mediocre performance in two of the Triple Crown races, Key to the Mint went on to dominate his age group in 1972 and was voted the Eclipse Award for American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse. He continued to race at age four, notably winning the 1973 Excelsior Handicap and equalling the track record for 9.5 furlongs in winning the Suburban Handicap.
Stud career.
Retired to stud duty, Key to the Mint sired Plugged Nickle, the 1980 American Champion Sprint Horse, Java Gold, a multiple Grade 1 winner and sire of Kona Gold, and Jewel Princess, the 1996 American Champion Older Female Horse. He is also the damsire of European Champion, Swain, and the Canadian Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse, Key to the Moon.

</doc>
<doc id="20666757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666757" title="Roja (soundtrack)">
Roja (soundtrack)

Roja is the soundtrack album to the 1992 Tamil film of the same name, directed by Mani Ratnam, starring Aravind Swamy and Madhoo. Released on Lahari Music, it was the debut work of music composer A. R. Rahman, featuring originally lyrics by Vairamuthu. "Roja" is considered a milestone in Tamil and Indian film music that heralded the start of a new era. It was also listed in "Time" magazine's "10 Best Soundtracks" of all time.
Background.
Mani Ratnam after his long relationship with Ilaiyaraaja, decided to drop him and introduce a newcomer. He happened to listen to some ad jingles, composed by Rahman, in an awards function, where Rahman received the award for Best Jingle Composer. Impressed with Rahman's works, Ratnam visited his studio and listened to a tune that Rahman had composed long back on the Kaveri River water dispute (later revealed to be "Tamizha Tamizha" from the soundtrack). Ratnam signed him immediately for his next project, "Roja", which was the first one in his terrorism trilogy. Rahman, in spite of his reluctance to seriously take up work in films, accepted the offer since Ratnam had the reputation of a director with a good taste for music. Rahman would later say: "I wasn't sure myself why I accepted "Roja". I was offered Rs 25,000 for it, a sum that I could make in three days composing ad jingles. I think it was the prospect of working with Mani that enticed me".
Development.
Rahman used instruments and grand arrangements to generate an expansive sound. Songs such as "Rukkumani" had a loud thumping feel and became ingrained in pop culture. The score was performed at the Panchathan Record Inn in Chennai. The song "Thamizha Thamizha" is a poem written by Subramanya Bharathi.
Regarding the music Mani Ratnam says, "I was trying to do a film, I wanted good music and I was searching for somebody who would and I heard a demonstration tape of his which he had sent across. I thought that in the first note of the piece that he had sent me was really brilliant, really outstanding piece. So I went across to his studio and he played me some more, lots of things which he had done for jingles and a few other musical pieces he has done for somebody else. They were quite amazing and I had no doubts that he would be right for my film. How much he would grow, I was not looking at. I was looking at predominately my film at that point of time. He was ready to break a lot of conventions that were there in terms of music at that point of time, in terms of recording at that point in time. So I was very lucky to find someone who was willing to break away and do something different."
Release history.
The soundtrack album was originally released in Tamil by Lahari Music in 1992. The soundtrack was later released in Malayalam in 1993 and in Hindi and Marathi in 1994 by Magnasound. The instrumental special version featuring five songs was released in Tamil and Telugu by Lahari Music in 1993 and in Hindi by Magnasound in 1994.
Reception and influence.
"Roja" is regarded as a milestone that changed the face of Tamil film music and subsequently contemporary Indian music. The soundtrack is considered to have reversed the trends that prevailed till then in the field of Tamil cinema. Rahman is said to be the first to introduce orchestral melodies in Indian film soundtracks, which till then was based on a few traditional Indian instruments. "Time" magazine's noted film critic, Richard Corliss stated in 2005 that the "astonishing debut work parades Rahman's gift for alchemizing outside influences until they are totally Tamil, totally Rahman," naming it one of the magazine's "10 Best Soundtracks" of all time.
Recalling the massive success of his first film, Rahman says, "I was lucky to set a sound in the first film. And I had the right people like Mani Ratnam guiding me to achieve it also and by the grace of god it set and the people know from the moment the song is heard that this is Rahman's."
Through "Roja" several singers got their breakthrough in the Tamil music scene as well. Sujatha Mohan, Unni Menon and Minmini, who is only known as the singer of "Chinna Chinna Aasai", probably her best known song in her entire career, were noticed following their performances in "Roja", while noted ghazal singer Hariharan made his Tamil debut through this album. Rahman even had musically untrained elderly women sing.
Awards.
A. R. Rahman won the National Film Award for Best Music Direction, the first time ever by a debutant. Rahman also earned Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Music Director and Filmfare Best Music Director Award (Tamil) for his work. Vairamuthu won the National Film Award for Best Lyrics for "Chinna Chinna Aasai", while Minmini won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Playback for the same song.
Track listing.
Instrumental adaptation.
An instrumental adaptation album was also released. The album was released in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi.

</doc>
<doc id="20666759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666759" title="Ernst Håkon Jahr">
Ernst Håkon Jahr

Ernst Håkon Jahr (born 4 March 1948) is a Norwegian linguist with about 230 publications, including about 50 books. He is currently (2012) dean of the Faculty of Humanities and Education at the University of Agder.
He was born in Oslo, and took his cand.philol. (PhD) degree at the University of Oslo in 1976, and his dr.philos. (i.e., Dr. hab.) degree at the University of Tromsø in 1984. He worked as an associate professor at the University of Tromsø from 1976, as professor of Scandinavian linguistics from 1986. In 1999 he moved to Agder University College, where he served as rector from 2000 to 2007. He was succeeded in August 2007, only one month before the University College became the University of Agder. He biographised the linguist Clara Holst in the book "Clara Holst – kvinnelig pionér i akademia i Norge" (2006).
He is a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters and the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters and several foreign academies. In 2002, he initiated the establishment and was elected the president of the Agder Academy of Sciences and Letters, which 2011 has 220 elected members from Agder, Norway outside Agder and from abroad. He is elected member of eight academies in Norway and abroad.
Jahr holds an honorary degree from the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań and from the Uppsala University. In 2008 he was proclaimed a Knight, First Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. In 2011, he was awarded the Swedish Academy's Nordic Prize, known as the 'little Nobel'.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of his most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20666775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666775" title="Todd Alsup">
Todd Alsup

Todd Alsup is a New York City based pianist and singer-songwriter endorsed by Yamaha. He has been profiled in Billboard Magazine and Performing Songwriter and featured on MTV, PBS, and Sirius XM Radio. He has performed at the Songwriters Hall of Fame and toured throughout the United States and Switzerland. Alsup's style has been compared to John Legend, Stevie Wonder, Elton John, Billy Joel, Ben Folds, Gavin Degraw, OneRepublic, and Rufus Wainwright. His full-length debut, Todd Alsup, is available on iTunes.
In November 2010, Alsup's song "How I'm Made" became a Top 12 Finalist in the 5th Annual Song Circle Contest in New York City. Past winners include Kate Voegele, Company of Thieves, and Mieka Pauley. Placing in the Top 5, word of Alsup's talent reached legendary music industry blogger Bob Lefsetz. "If this record came out when I was in college everybody would know who Todd Alsup was", Lefsetz writes. "If you think this guy has no talent you know nothing".
In March 2012, Alsup was invited to perform at the 23rd Annual GLAAD Media Awards in New York City. It was hosted by stars Naya Rivera and Cory Monteith of the television show Glee. The following month he was invited by Yamaha to showcase alongside Vanessa Carlton, Jon McLaughlin, Lucy Schwartz, Landon Pigg, and Greg Sczebel at Yamaha's annual entertainment conference, hosted by the comedian Sinbad (entertainer).

</doc>
<doc id="20666781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666781" title="Sears, Roebuck &amp; Co. v. Stiffel Co.">
Sears, Roebuck &amp; Co. v. Stiffel Co.

Sears, Roebuck & Co. v. Stiffel Co., 376 U.S. 225 (1964), was a United States Supreme Court case which limited state law on unfair competition when it prevents the copying of an item that is not covered by a patent.
Justice Hugo Black wrote for a unanimous Court that the Constitution reserved power over intellectual property such as patents to the federal government exclusively. Since the trial court had found Stiffel's patent invalid as insufficiently inventive, its product design was thus in the public domain and no state law could be used to prevent Sears from copying it.
Background.
Stiffel Co. was a lamp manufacturer that had created a "pole lamp", which was a vertical tube standing upright between the floor and ceiling of a room, and with lamp fixtures along the outside of the tube. Stiffel Co. had secured a mechanical patent and a design patent, granted in 1957, on the pole lamp, and the lamp proved a "decided commercial success," according to the Supreme Court's opinion.
Soon after Stiffel brought the pole lamp to market, the Sears, Roebuck & Co. department store put on the market copies of the lamp. Stiffel Co. brought suit against Sears, for patent infringement and for unfair competition under Illinois law, the latter claim based on Sears allegedly causing confusion in the trade as to the source of the lamps. Sears turned to its outside General Counsel, Lederer, Livingston, Kahn & Adsit (now known as Arnstein & Lehr, LLP) for its defense. The suit was originally filed in the United States District Court in Greensboro, North Carolina but was removed by Sears to the United States District Court in Chicago. 
The United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, held the patents invalid for "want of invention", but ruled Sears to be guilty of unfair competition because the lamps were "confusingly similar", enjoined Sears from selling the identical lamps, and awarded damages to Stiffel Co.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed, holding that under Illinois law, Stiffel had only to prove that there was a "likelihood of confusion as to the source of the products" due to the identical appearance of the lamps. The U.S. Supreme Court granted "certiorari" to consider whether this use of a state's unfair competition law was compatible with U.S. patent law.
Ruling.
Justice Black, in the Court's opinion, reviewed the history of the patent monopoly in English and U.S. law, and wrote that when a patent expires, or when an item is unpatentable, then the item "is in the public domain and may be made and sold by whoever chooses to do so," citing "Kellogg Co. v. National Biscuit Co." (1938). The lower courts had erred by using Illinois unfair competition law to effectively give Stiffel Co. a patent monopoly on its unpatented lamp.
The Court continued that "mere inability of the public to tell two identical articles apart is not enough to support an injunction against copying or an award of damages for copying that which the federal patent laws permit to be copied," though it noted that a state could require that goods be labeled in order to prevent consumers from being misled as to the source; but that this was a trade dress issue, and that such state laws could not go so far as to prohibit the copying of the goods themselves. "What Sears did was to copy Stiffel's design and to sell lamps almost identical to those sold by Stiffel. This it had every right to do under the federal patent laws. That Stiffel originated the pole lamp and made it popular is immaterial."
Justice Harlan concurred in the result but opined that states should be able to prohibit copying if the main purpose of the prohibition is to prevent "palming off" one company's goods as those of another.
Subsequent events.
"Stiffel" was reaffirmed in "Bonito Boats, Inc. v. Thunder Craft Boats, Inc."
Stiffel Co. survived the setback, continuing in business until 2000. At that point, it failed, after 68 years in business. It was described as "the last full-line cast zinc lamp maker in the United States."

</doc>
<doc id="20666790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666790" title="Martin Obzina">
Martin Obzina

Martin Obzina (17 August 1905 – 8 January 1979) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in New York, New York.
Selected filmography.
Obzina was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20666803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666803" title="William S. Stevens">
William S. Stevens

William Stanley Stevens (c. 1948 – December 8, 2008) was an American lawyer best known for his June 1975 law review article "The Common Law Origins of the Infield Fly Rule", which treated the development of one of baseball's most-misunderstood rules as if it were a legal matter.
Early life and Education.
Stevens was born in Orange, New Jersey and grew up in Millburn Township. He attended Yale University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in 1970. He served for two years as an officer in the United States Navy and was awarded a law degree in 1975 from the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Infield Fly Rule.
The Infield Fly Rule (now covered by Major League Baseball rules 6.05e and 2.00), was adopted in the 1890s to prevent situations in which fielders could take advantage of base runners by intentionally allowing a ball to drop with runners on first and second or bases loaded and less than two outs in order to turn a double play or triple play on the base runners. In such circumstances, the Infield Fly Rule is invoked at the umpire's discretion if a fair fly ball can be caught by an infielder "with ordinary effort", and the batter is automatically out. The rule was first implemented in the short-lived Players' League in 1890 and adopted by the National League and American Association of Base Ball Clubs in 1894, applying only if a fly ball could be handled by an infielder with a runner on first base occupied and only one out, with additional changes made in subsequent years.
Stevens was fascinated by the incremental development of the rule and the way in which the rule's formal, step-by-step development mirrored the process by which the common law was created. The semi-parodic paper was thoroughly footnoted to show how the rule was needed in an era in which unseemly behavior was taking place that would not have been accepted in the sport's earlier gentlemanly age.
In addition to its sometimes-humorous commentaries on baseball, the article is a parody of the style in which law review articles are generally written, such as their sometimes overly-formal wording and their often-excessive use of footnoting. The very first word of the article, "The", is supported by an unnecessary citation to the Oxford English Dictionary. The second time the word "the" appears, another footnote appears (footnote 4), which merely refers back to the first footnote. A more complex example of parody appears when the text refers to a late-19th century baseball player who was said to have "the speed of an ice wagon," followed by a footnote stating: "Raised by this statement is the issue of the speed of an ice wagon in both relative and absolute terms. Such inquiry is beyond the scope of this Aside."
Soon after it was published, a slew of imitators were written, including "Further Aside: A Comment on ‘The Common Law Origins of the Infield Fly Rule’",
"The Infield Fly Rule and the Internal Revenue Code: An Even Further Aside", "Strict Constructionism and the Strike Zone", "in re Brett: The Sticky Problem of Statutory Construction", and "The Contribution of the Infield Fly Rule to Western Civilization (and Vice Versa)". His paper has been referenced in legal articles covering bankruptcy, constitutional law and ethics.
Career.
He worked for a number of law firms in the Philadelphia area and became assistant director of the American Law Institute and of the American Bar Association's Continuing Legal Education program. After retiring in September 2008, he accepted a one-year assignment as the acting director of the continuing education program of the Alaska Bar Association.
He wrote numerous articles during his legal career, including work for "The Philadelphia Lawyer", but none achieved the renown of his Infield Fly Rule note.
A resident of Narberth, Pennsylvania, Stevens died at age 60 on December 8, 2008 of a heart attack while working in Anchorage, Alaska.
Further reading.
Spencer Weber, Neil B. Cohen,& Paul Finkelman, "Baseball and the American Legal Mind", Garland Publishing, Inc. (1995); ISBN 0-8153-2057-4, ISBN 978-0-8153-2057-9; . Includes "The Common Law Origins of the Infield Fly Rule" and the other articles cited above.

</doc>
<doc id="20666818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666818" title="Mackenzie Bay, Canada">
Mackenzie Bay, Canada

Mackenzie Bay () is a natural inlet in northern Canada. It is an arm of the Beaufort Sea. To the west is Herschel Island and the Yukon mainland. To the east is Richards Island, Northwest Territories.

</doc>
<doc id="20666837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666837" title="Muncuqlu">
Muncuqlu

Muncuqlu is a village in the municipality of Çatax in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666839" title="Václav David">
Václav David

Václav David (born 1910; died 1996) is a Czechoslovak diplomat, he was Czechoslovaik foreign minister from 31 January 1953 to 8 April 1968. He was also Chairman of the Chamber of Nations from 1971 to 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20666846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666846" title="Qoşa">
Qoşa

Qoşa is a village in the municipality of Çatax in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666855" title="Qarağatlı">
Qarağatlı

Qarağatlı is a village in the municipality of Göyəbaxan in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666865" title="Yoğunbulaq">
Yoğunbulaq

Yoğunbulaq is a village in the municipality of Çobansığnaq in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666867" title="Namxoş">
Namxoş

Namxoş is a village in the municipality of Çobansığnaq in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666872" title="You say you love; but with a voice">
You say you love; but with a voice

"You say you love; but with a voice" is a poem by John Keats. It is also sometimes known as "O love me truly!". The poem, written in 1817 or 1818, is possibly Keats' earliest believable love poem.

</doc>
<doc id="20666874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666874" title="Qaraboyunlar">
Qaraboyunlar

Qaraboyunlar is a village in the municipality of Çobansığnaq in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666880" title="Xatıncan">
Xatıncan

Xatıncan is a village in the municipality of Qalaboyun in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666881" title="Insull Utilities Investment Inc.">
Insull Utilities Investment Inc.

Insull Utilities Investment Inc. was a corporation securities firm based in Chicago, Illinois which became insolvent in 1932. It was formed in December 1928 with assets of $23,000,000 to $24,000,000. The firm was
started by Samuel Insull, a former president of Chicago Edison,
Commonwealth Edison, People's Gas Light & Coke Company, and Central Indiana Power Company. He was also chairman of the Corporation Securities Company of Chicago, which had a net worth of more than $80,000,000 on February 15, 1930. The latter business was created to acquire securities of Insull Utilities Investments and other Insull operating and holding companies.
Attorneys for Insull Utilities Investment's creditors filed a suit in a US district court in Danville, Illinois on September 22, 1932. The failure of the corporation is significant because it came during the Great Depression, and its founder was a leading businessman in Chicago. The 73-year-old financier planned another venture into public utility financing following the collapse of Insull Utilities Investment Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20666887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666887" title="Tiffanian">
Tiffanian

The Tiffanian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 60,200,000 to 56,800,000 years BP lasting . It is usually considered to overlap the Selandian and Thanetian within the Paleocene. The Tiffanian is preceded by the Torrejonian and followed by the Clarkforkian NALMA stages.
The Tiffanian is considered to contain the following substages:

</doc>
<doc id="20666902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666902" title="Qoçdərə">
Qoçdərə

Qoçdərə is a village in the municipality of Əhmədabad in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666911" title="Avdal, Azerbaijan">
Avdal, Azerbaijan

Avdal is a village in the municipality of Əhmədabad in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666924" title="Böyük Xoşdarlı">
Böyük Xoşdarlı

Böyük Xoşdarlı is a village in the municipality of Yanıqlı in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666926" title="Kəcavənd">
Kəcavənd

Kəcavənd is a village in the municipality of Yanıqlı in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666934" title="Qarabağlılar">
Qarabağlılar

Qarabağlılar is a village in the municipality of İsakənd in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666935" title="Ulla-Mari Brantenberg">
Ulla-Mari Brantenberg

Ulla-Mari Brantenberg (born 1947) is a Norwegian glass artist.
She was born in Porsgrunn, and was educated at the Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry, in Copenhagen and Orrefors. She is represented with several works in museums in Norway and abroad. She resides in Brandbu.
In 2008 she was proclaimed Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="20666946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666946" title="Bala Şamlıq">
Bala Şamlıq

Bala Şamlıq is a village in the municipality of Qəribli in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666956" title="Qonaqlı">
Qonaqlı

Qonaqlı is a village in the municipality of Qaradaş in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666962" title="Qayadibi">
Qayadibi

Qayadibi is a village in the municipality of Qaradaş in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20666974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20666974" title="Alfred Herman">
Alfred Herman

Alfred Herman (8 September 1889 – December 1973) was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Love Affair".
He was born in New York City, New York and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20667005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667005" title="Summerville Historic District">
Summerville Historic District

Summerville Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20667015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667015" title="Harry Stone Mosher">
Harry Stone Mosher

Harry Stone Mosher (August 31, 1915 – March 2, 2001) was an American chemist and the discoverer of Mosher's acid .

</doc>
<doc id="20667047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667047" title="Geneticism">
Geneticism

Geneticism is a school of thought that holds that genetics determines all human characteristics, particularly psychological characteristics. This concept is primarily associated with the works of Francis Galton.

</doc>
<doc id="20667087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667087" title="Jughead (Lost)">
Jughead (Lost)

"Jughead" is the third television episode of the fifth season of ABC's "Lost". The 89th episode of the show overall, "Jughead" aired on January 28, 2009 on ABC in the United States, being simulcast on A in Canada. The episode was written by co-executive producer Elizabeth Sarnoff and supervising producer Paul Zbyszewski and directed by "Hearts and Minds" director Rod Holcomb.
In 2007, Desmond Hume searches for a woman who could help the survivors stuck on the island stop the island's shifts. At the island, John Locke, James "Sawyer" Ford and Juliet Burke try to save Daniel Faraday, Charlotte Lewis and Miles Straume from the Others.
Plot.
The episode opens with a flashback of Desmond Hume (Henry Ian Cusick), in the Philippines, searching for a doctor to help his wife Penny Widmore (Sonya Walger), who is giving birth to their son, Charlie. In 2007, Desmond and Penny arrive in London, where Desmond plans to look for the mother of Daniel Faraday (Jeremy Davies), who is believed to be at Oxford University. However, the university has no record of either Faraday, even though Daniel was a professor there. Desmond breaks into and searches Faraday's lab. He meets a janitor who tells him that Faraday conducted experiments on a woman and provides an address for her. At her house, Desmond finds that the woman is in a vegetative state after experiencing temporal disassociation, similar to Desmond's experiences on the freighter (as seen in "The Constant"). He learns that Penny's father, Charles Widmore (Alan Dale), is not only paying her medical expenses, but also funded Daniel's research. Desmond confronts Widmore, who gives him the address of Daniel's mother in Los Angeles. Desmond returns to Penny, who agrees that they must travel to Los Angeles.
In 1954, following the events of the previous episode, "The Lie", Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell), John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) and James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway) interrogate the two men they have captured. Juliet deduces that they are members of the Others because they can speak Latin. One of the men, a young Charles Widmore (Tom Connolly), kills the other when he agrees to lead them to Richard Alpert (Nestor Carbonell) and flees to his campsite to warn his people. Locke follows him and meets with Alpert, using Jacob's name and the compass Alpert gave him to gain his trust; however, Alpert is not entirely convinced. Locke tells Alpert to visit him after he is born in 1956 (a visit depicted in the episode "Cabin Fever", during which Alpert shows a young Locke the compass), but cannot convince Alpert to show him how to leave the island before the next time jump occurs.
At the same time, the freighter team, consisting of Miles Straume (Ken Leung), Charlotte Lewis (Rebecca Mader) and Daniel Faraday are captured by another group of Others, led by Ellie (Alexandra Krosney). Faraday deduces that the American military has come to the island to test hydrogen bombs, and that the Others are in possession of one which is leaking radiation. He convinces Alpert to let him defuse the bomb, confessing his love for Charlotte as proof that he won't detonate it on purpose. Ellie leads Faraday to the bomb (the titular Jughead), and after an inspection he advises her that the bomb should be buried and will not go off for at least 50 years, inadvertently revealing that he is from the future. Ellie doesn't believe him, but Juliet and Sawyer show up and disarm her. The time jump occurs and the group is safe, but Charlotte suddenly collapses with a nosebleed.
Production.
"Jughead" is the first episode of "Lost" to be co-written by Paul Zbyszewski, who joined the writing staff prior to the start of production on season five. Elizabeth Mitchell learned as much Latin as she could for the episode. Mitchell said she could not "just learn it phonetically", so she spent the "whole weekend" trying to learn the language on the phone with a Latin professor.
"Jughead" was the name of an actual Mark 16 nuclear bomb that was never detonated in the South Pacific. It was scheduled to be detonated in the Castle Yankee series of tests in 1954. The tower where the bomb is hanging was based on designs from the Manhattan project, and the Others' camp uses actual Korean War military tents.
Reception.
13.009 million American viewers watched the episode's premiere. In Australia, the episode brought in 465,000 viewers, ranking 29th for the night. Chris Carabott of IGN gave the episode a positive review, saying "almost every scene in this episode contained some sort of surprise, development or unexpected twist" and praising the use of time travel. Noel Murray of "The A.V. Club" graded the episode an A-, stating "'Jughead' went a lot more smoothly, because it was anchored to the one relationship on this show that has real gravitas: Desmond and Penny. I firmly believe that Desmond wants to keep Penny safe, and that any choices he makes to the contrary are made with great reluctance, and only because he’s answering to a higher calling. Desmond can talk about duty and time travel and be credible in a way most other Lost characters never can. And when Desmond’s providing the connective tissue in an episode as tightly plotted and straightforward as 'Jughead,' it helps a great deal".

</doc>
<doc id="20667095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667095" title="Sir Lovelace Stamer, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Lovelace Stamer, 3rd Baronet

The Rt. Rev. Sir Lovelace Tomlinson Stamer Bt., DD, VD (18 October 1829 - 29 October 1908) was the first Anglican Bishop of Shrewsbury in the modern era.
Lovelace Stamer was born into an Anglo-Irish noble family at York. He succeeded to the family baronetcy, originally created in 1809 for his grandfather, twice Lord Mayor of Dublin, following the death of his father in 1860.
He was educated at Rugby and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took part in his college's first rowing crew and graduated BA in 1835 and MA in 1856, and was awarded degree as DD in 1888. Ordained priest in 1855, he began his career with curacies at Clay Cross, Derbyshire, in 1853-54 and Turvey in 1854. There then followed a short spell as Curate-in-charge at Long Melford, Suffolk before in 1858 he was appointed the Rector of Stoke-on-Trent, a position he held for 34 years.
When he arrived at Stoke, there was one Anglican parish church (now known as Stoke Minster) in the growing Potteries town. He led an improvement in local ministry to the area, leaving it with four Anglican churches, and five school or mission churches.
He was also keenly interested in education, helping found night schools for working men in 1863, and was Chairman of the Stoke Schools Board from its founding in 1871. He took part in local government by serving as Chief Bailiff of Stoke (equivalent to the later mayor of the borough) in 1867-68. He was from 1860 honorary chaplain to the area's volunteer infantry force, later the 1st Volunteer Battalion, North Staffordshire Regiment, and was ultimately awarded the Volunteer Decoration (VD).
He was made a Prebendary of Lichfield Cathedral in 1875 and served as Archdeacon of Stoke from 1877 until he left the parish for Shropshire after being elevated to the Episcopate in 1888. He subsequently served as suffragan Bishop of Shrewsbury, where he was known for protesting over urban housing conditions and, as chaplain to its corporation, municipal corruption, for almost two decades until retiring due to illness in 1906, a period that coincided with also serving as Rector of St Chad's, Shrewsbury 1892-96, and of Edgmond, Shropshire 1896-1905. In the latter parish, he built new schools for local children, founded a working men's club and reading rooms, and paid for a new water supply system
He died at Penkridge, Staffordshire, on 29 October 1908 and was buried in Stoke at Hartshill Cemetery. 
A hundred years on from his death, his contribution to the area was honoured at a centenary service.

</doc>
<doc id="20667098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667098" title="Power Finance Corporation">
Power Finance Corporation

Power Finance Corporation Ltd. (, ) is an Indian financial institution. Established in 1986, it is the financial back bone of Indian Power Sector. Net worth of the company in the year 2007-2008 was 8688 Crore Indian Rupees. Initially wholly owned by the Govt. of India, the company issued an IPO in January, 2007. The issue was oversubscribed by over 76 times, which is the largest for an IPO of any Indian Company in recent times. PFC is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The company has been conferred with many prestigious awards, the latest of which is "KPMG-Infrastructure Today Award 2008" for its contribution in development of power sector. It is also an certified company and enjoys the status of Navratna Company in India.
Organization Structure.
The Corporation is headed by the Chairman and Managing Director; who at present is Satnam Singh. The company has three wings, each headed by a Functional Director namely, Institutional Development & Administration (IDA) Division, Projects Division and Finance & Financial Operations division. The IDA Division looks after the credit appraisal and categorization of borrower entities, power sector reforms, review and analysis. The Projects Division controls the operation in various states and project appraisal. Finance & Financial Operations Division looks after the Fund Mobilization and Disbursement. PFC is a lean organization. The number of employees during year 2007-2008 were 312.
Borrowings.
The major part of PFC's funds are raised through Rupee denominated bonds. PFC bonds enjoy the highest credit rating in the Indian market and in international markets, they are rated at par with the Indian Sovereign rating. It also borrows short term and long term from various banks and other Financial Institutions. It has also raised External Commercial Borrowings (ECB) through private placement in US market.
Operations.
Since its inception, PFC has been providing financial assistance to power projects across India including generation, transmission, distribution and RM&U projects. Recently, it has forayed into financing of other infrastructure projects which have backward linkages to the power sector like coal mine development, fuel transportation, oil & gas pipelines etc. The borrower profile includes State Electricity Boards, State sector power utilities, Central sector power utilities and Private sector companies. PFC is also the nodal agency for the implementation of the ambitious Ultra Mega Power Plants (UMPPs) and the R-APDRP programme of Govt. of India. The company also has the mechanism of rating different state Power Utilities on its performance.
Subsidiary Companies.
PFC presently has nine subsidiary companies. PFC Consulting Ltd. (PFCCL) is a wholly owned subsidiary handling fee based services. The six other companies, namely Coastal Karnataka Power Limited, Coastal Tamil Nadu Power Limited, Coastal Maharashtra Power Limited, Orissa Integrated Power Limited, Jharkhand Integrated Power Limited and Akaltara Power Limited, are SPVs (Shell Companies) created for implementing the Ultra Mega Power Projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20667108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667108" title="The Little Prince (Lost)">
The Little Prince (Lost)

"The Little Prince" is the fourth television episode of the fifth season of ABC's "Lost". The 90th episode of the show overall, "The Little Prince" aired on February 4, 2009 on ABC in the United States, being simulcast on A in Canada. The episode was written by producer Brian K. Vaughan and co-producer Melinda Hsu Taylor and directed by Stephen Williams.
In 2007, Kate Austen tries to find out who wants custody of Aaron. Benjamin Linus and Jack Shephard continue their quest to reunite the "Oceanic 6". At the island James "Sawyer" Ford and John Locke devise a plan which might possibly stop the time flashes.
Plot.
The episode opens with a flashback of Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly) and Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) on Penny Widmore's (Sonya Walger) boat, following their rescue in early January 2005. Kate convinces Jack that once returning home that they should claim that Aaron (William Blanchette) is Kate's biological son, while in fact his mother is Claire Littleton (Emilie de Ravin).
In late 2007, Kate leaves Aaron in the care of Sun-Hwa Kwon (Yunjin Kim) in order to confront attorney Dan Norton (Tom Irwin), who is pursuing a maternity test for Kate and Aaron. Sun receives a package with pictures of Ben & Jack and a gun. Norton tells Kate that he is going to meet his client later and Kate decides to follow him. Meanwhile, Ben Linus (Michael Emerson) meets up with Jack and Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews) at the hospital. An orderly attacks Sayid, but Sayid overcomes him, and when he finds Kate's address in his wallet he, Ben and Jack, suspect Kate is the next target. The three decide to split up, with Jack going after Kate, and Sayid and Ben going to the prison where Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia) is being held, following his arrest in "The Lie". Jack and Kate follow Norton to a motel where he meets with Claire's mother, Carole (Susan Duerden). Once Norton leaves, Jack confronts Carole, who is only in Los Angeles to collect on a successful suit against Oceanic Airlines and has nothing to do with the maternity test. At the prison, Ben meets with Norton, who is also acting as Hurley's lawyer and is confident that he can have Hurley released the following morning. Ben and Sayid meet up with Jack and Kate, where Kate figures out that Ben has hired Norton to do the maternity test, while Sun, armed with a gun, watches the conversation from a car with Aaron.
On the island, following the latest time jump at the end of the previous episode "Jughead", Charlotte is still unconscious. She eventually wakes up and the group of her, Daniel Faraday (Jeremy Davies), Miles Straume (Ken Leung), John Locke (Terry O'Quinn), James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway) and Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell) leave to travel to the , where Locke believes he can find a way to leave the island. During the course of the episode several others begin to show similar symptoms to Charlotte's. Daniel informs them that the nose bleeds may have something to do with one's time spent on the island. This makes no sense to several of the group since Charlotte, who has the worst symptoms, has only been on the island for a few days. The latest time jump has brought the group to November 1, 2004, the day of Aaron's birth, an event that Sawyer witnesses, and the death of Boone Carlyle (Ian Somerhalder). Another time jump brings them to the future. At their beach camp, they find a canoe which they use to paddle to the other side of the island. They are attacked by unknown assailants and another time jump brings them to 1988, in the middle of a storm that caused a French science team's boat led by Robert (Guillaume Dabinpons) and his pregnant wife Danielle Rousseau (Melissa Farman) to run aground on the island. In their emergency raft, the Rousseaus, Montand (Marc Menard), Brenan (Bruno Bruni), Lacombe (Chris Marvin), and Nadine (Alexandra Tabas) find Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) unconscious floating on flotsam from the freighter that exploded in "There's No Place Like Home". They land on the island and question Jin after he wakes up. The episode ends with Danielle revealing her identity to a befuddled Jin.
Production.
"The Little Prince" is the first episode of "Lost" to be co-written by Melinda Hsu Taylor, who joined the writing staff prior to the start of production on season five. The nocturnal ocean scenes were shot in a swimming pool, which had its bottom covered in black plastic. Over ten thousand gallons of water were used to create the storm. The outrigger canoes were made of painted fiberglass, and had their designs based on ancient Hawaiian canoes.
Reception.
The episode gained 12.855 million American viewers. The episode brought in 380,000 viewers in Australia, ranking 33rd for the night.
"The Little Prince" received mostly positive reviews from critics. "The A.V. Club"'s Noel Murray graded the episode a "B+", stating "[...] this episode made good use of Kate at different points on the timeline: showing her now, anxious about losing Aaron, and showing her three years ago on Penny’s boat, prepared to lie for Jack in order to keep Aaron safe, and showing her three years ago on the island, helping Claire bring Aaron into the world. In just a few short scenes, Lost lays the foundation for what that boy means to Kate."

</doc>
<doc id="20667109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667109" title="SM U-67">
SM U-67

SM "U-67 was a Type U 66 submarine or U-boat for the German Imperial Navy () during the First World War. She had been laid down in November 1913 as U-8" the second boat of the "U-7" class for the Austro-Hungarian Navy () but was sold to Germany, along with the others in her class, in November 1914.
The submarine was ordered as "U-8" from Germaniawerft of Kiel as the second of five boats of the "U-7" class for the Austro-Hungarian Navy. After the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the Austro-Hungarian Navy became convinced that none of the submarines of the class could be delivered to the Adriatic via Gibraltar. As a consequence, the entire class, including "U-8", was sold to the German Imperial Navy in November 1914. Under German control, the class became known as the U 66 type and the boats were renumbered; "U-8" became "U-67", and all were redesigned and reconstructed to German specifications. "U-67" was launched in May 1915 and commissioned in August. As completed, she displaced , surfaced, and , submerged. The boat was long and was armed with five torpedo tubes and a deck gun.
A part of the 4th Flotilla throughout the war, "U-67" sank 18 ships with a combined gross register tonnage (GRT) of 39,937 in thirteen war patrols. She also damaged three other ships of . On 20 November 1918, nine days after the Armistice, "U-67" was surrendered to the British. She was broken up in 1921 at Fareham.
Design and construction.
After the Austro-Hungarian Navy had competitively evaluated three foreign submarine designs, it selected the Germaniawerft 506d design, also known as the Type UD, for its new "U-7" class of five submarines. The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913.
The "U-7" class was seen by the Austro-Hungarian Navy as an improved version of its "U-3" class, which was also a Germaniawerft design. As designed for the Austro-Hungarian Navy, the boats were to displace on the surface and while submerged. The doubled-hulled boats were to be long (OA) with a beam of and a draft of . The Austrian specifications called for two shafts with twin diesel engines ( total) for surface running at up to , and twin electric motors ( total) for a maximum of when submerged. The boats were designed with five torpedo tubes; four located in the bow, one in the stern. The boats' armament was to also include a single 66 cm/26 (2.6 in) deck gun.
"U-8" and sister boat were both laid down on 1 November 1913, the first two boats of the class begun. Her construction was slated to be complete within 29 to 33 months.
Neither "U-8" nor any of her sister boats were complete when World War I began in August 1914. With the boats under construction at Kiel, the Austrians became convinced that it would be impossible to take delivery of the boats, which would need to be towed into the Mediterranean past Gibraltar, a British territory. As a result, "U-8" and her four sisters were sold to the Imperial German Navy on 28 November 1914.
"U-8" was renumbered by the Germans as "U-67" when her class was redesignated as the Type U 66. The Imperial German Navy had the submarines redesigned and reconstructed to German standards, which increased the surface displacement by and the submerged by . The torpedo load was increased by a third, from 9 to 12, and the deck gun was upgraded from the gun originally specified to an one.
Service career.
"U-67" was launched on 15 May 1915. On 4 August, SM "U-67" was commissioned into the Imperial German Navy under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Erich von Rosenberg-Grusczyski. On 28 October 1915, "U-67" was assigned to the IV. "U-Halbflotille" in which she remained for the duration of the war.
In March 1916, Kapitänleutnant Hans Nieland replaced von Rosenberg-Grusczyski as the captain of "U-67", and it was under his command that "U-67" was most successful, sinking 18 ships with a combined a total of , while damaging a further three of 14,766 tons. "U-67"s most successful month was April 1917, when she sank four ships of 15,223 tons in a span of twelve days.
Nieland was succeeded as commander of "U-67" by Oberleutnant zur See Helmuth von Rabenau in December 1917. Under his command during the last eleven months of the war, "U-67" sank no more ships. During her service career under three commanders, "U-67" had completed thirteen war patrols. She was surrendered to the British on 20 November 1918, nine days after the Armistice, and broken up at Fareham in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="20667113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667113" title="Me or You? (song)">
Me or You? (song)

"Me or You?" is the second non-album single by Killing Joke. It was released in October, 1983, under E'G Records as a 12", 7", and a limited double vinyl 7" single. The B-side for the 12" and 7" single featured "Feast of Blaze", originally off their fourth studio album, "Fire Dances". However, only the 12" featured the track "Wilful Days" as a B-side. The limited double vinyl 7" single featured "Wilful Days" as a C-Side with a blank D-side. Both "Wilful Days" and "Me or You?" later appeared on the 2008 reissue of "Fire Dances", along with the John Peel Session version of "Wilful Days". The single reached number fifty-seven in the UK Singles Chart that same month.
Track listings.
Tracklists for the singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20667117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667117" title="Man of Conquest">
Man of Conquest

Man of Conquest is a 1939 American Western film directed by George Nichols Jr. and starring Richard Dix, Gail Patrick and Joan Fontaine. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Score, Best Sound (Charles L. Lootens) and Best Art Direction (John Victor Mackay).
The film marked the first serious attempt by Republic Pictures to break out from its traditional production of B Movies and produce a work of greater cost and prestige. The film is a biopic of the politician Sam Houston, focusing on his relationship with Andrew Jackson and his role during the Texas Revolution. It was inspired by Marquis James's 1929 Pulitzer Prize-winning biography of Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="20667133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667133" title="Culinary Heritage of Switzerland">
Culinary Heritage of Switzerland

The Culinary Heritage of Switzerland (, , , ) is a partially multilingual online encyclopedia of traditional Swiss food and produce. 
History.
The project was initiated through a parliamentary motion of Swiss member of the parliament Josef Zisyadis in 2000. After obtaining CHF 2 million of funding by the Swiss federal government, the Swiss cantons and private sponsors, the private association "Culinary Heritage of Switzerland" was founded in 2003. 
The association hired a team of researchers, including ethnologists and historians, to write the articles and carry out field research by interviewing Swiss bakers, butchers, cultural historians, archivists and farmer's wives. It made the encyclopedia, with an initial scope of some 400 articles, available to the public on 9 December 2008 at no charge.
Scope.
To be included in the association's database, a food must be recognised as traditionally Swiss, have been produced for at least 40 years and remain in production. The project's scope is limited to processed foodstuffs, such as cheeses or meat products. It does not include unprocessed food (with a few exceptions), wines, recipes or dishes.

</doc>
<doc id="20667150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667150" title="Alexander Kanengoni">
Alexander Kanengoni

Alexander Kanengoni (born 1951) is a Zimbabwean writer, formally a member of ZANLA, took part in Zimbabwe's war for independence. He is a graduate of Kutama College. He is also a graduate of the University of Zimbabwe

</doc>
<doc id="20667161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667161" title="Wheeler, Alabama">
Wheeler, Alabama

Wheeler is an unincorporated community in Lawrence County, Alabama. Wheeler had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists. Wheeler has two sites on the National Register of Historic Places, the Tidewater-type cottage known as Bride's Hill and the former home of Joseph Wheeler, Pond Spring.
Geography.
Wheeler is located in the Tennessee River valley, roughly south of Wheeler Lake. It is at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20667174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667174" title="Algerian cuisine">
Algerian cuisine

The cuisine of Algeria () is a distinct fusion of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean cuisines.
Description.
Algerian cuisine differs slightly from region to region. Algerian cuisine has strong Berber but also Ottoman Turkish influence due to the Ottoman occupation. The main varieties are Algiers, Oran, Constantine (largely, Kabylie and Sahara. 
Every region has its own cuisine like Kabylie, Algiers (couscous) and Constantine. Pork consumption is forbidden in accordance with Sharia, religious laws of Islam.
Ingredients.
Algeria, like other Maghreb countries, produces a large range of Mediterranean fruits and vegetables and even some tropical ones. Lamb is commonly consumed. Mediterranean seafood and fish is also eaten and produced by the little inshore fishing.
Dishes.
The khabz, traditional Amazigh flatbread, is the base of Algerian cuisine and eaten at all meals. An Algerian dish is merguez, a spicy lamb sausage, that originate from the Atlas mountains. Other common dishes include couscous, shakshouka, Karantita, marqa bel a'assel that is a speciality from Tlemcen and the Chaoui dish chakhchoukha. Spices used in Algerian cuisine are dried red chillies of different kinds, caraway, ras el hanout, black pepper and cumin, among others. Spices like cumin, nutmeg, coriander, fennel, ginger, mace, star anise, chillies etc. are very popular in Algerian cuisine. 
Algerians also use tagines, handmade in many parts of the cities in Algeria, frequently Algerian food is cooked in clay recipients, much like Maghrib cuisine, Algerian cuisine represents the region north of the sahara desert and west of the Nile.
Algerian chefs take a lot of pride in cooking skills and methods and their many secrets lie in the variety of ways they mix special spices .
There are many different types of Algerian salads, influences by the French and Turkish, and can include some very individual ingredients such as beetroot or in some salads anchovies. There are also dishes of Spanish origin in Algeria, like the Gaspacho Oranais, an Algerian version of a Manchego dish.
Desserts and drinks.
Sweets like seasonal fruits are typically served at the end of meals. Common pastries include makroudh, nougat and asida. Halwa are cookies eaten during the month of Ramadan and some pastries are prepared for special occasions like for Eid-al-fitr and weddings. Algerians are the second greatest consumers of honey per capita in the world. Mint tea is generally drunk in the morning and for ceremonies with pastries. Algerians are heavy coffee consumers and Turkish coffee is very popular. Fruit juice and soft drinks are very common and are often drunk daily. Algeria previously produced a large quantity of wine during the French colonization but production has decreased since its independence.

</doc>
<doc id="20667185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667185" title="University of Science and Culture">
University of Science and Culture

The University of Science and Culture (in Persian: "Daneshgah Elm va Farhang") is located in Tehran, Iran.
History.
University of Science and Culture (USC) was founded in 1992 as a non-governmental university by Iranian Academic Center for Education, Culture and Research (ACERC) with a special permit by Ministry of Science, Research and Technology, Iran.
Academics.
USC is one of the largest and most prestigious of the non-governmental universities in Iran. USC has 70 full-time faculty members, approximately 300 part-time faculty members and a student body of approximately 10,000.
In domestic courses, the university admits students who pass national entrance examinations (called concour) in 20 undergraduate programs, six graduate programs and 15 technical courses. Admission rules differ for international courses. The USC is active education through its faculties in engineering technology, humanities, and arts.
Board of Education.
The university benefits from 105 full-time members of the board of education in its faculties. Members of the board in research institutes of ACECR and of other universities also cooperate with USC.
Mission of the USC.
Because USC is connected to ACECR, the school is obliged to develop scientific and higher education systems at national and international levels, as well as expand non-state higher education, train students in theory and practice in different majors and courses, and provide specialized human resources in line with the 20-year national plan of the IRI.
The following objectives and programs are approved by the board of trustees of the USC.
Campuses.
The university's main campus is in Tehran's west district; additional campuses are in Isfahan, Rasht, Hamedan, Tehran and Kashmar.
There are two building complexes at the USC. The education building complex is at the central building, which is part of the art faculty and the postgraduate education buildings.
In addition to the library facilities, the USC is connected to information banks. They have enabled the use of the latest scientific sources and local and international scientific research magazines for the members of the board of education and the students. There are equipped laboratories and workshops required by different departments in faculties on the campus.
The research activities at USC are done at the related research centers which consist of Ruyan Research Institute, Technology Development Institute, Culture and Art Institute, and Social Studies and Humanities Institute. The Department of Research at USC is responsible for helping students and board members research, especially postgraduate students.

</doc>
<doc id="20667193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667193" title="Svafrþorinn">
Svafrþorinn

In Norse mythology, Svafrþorinn is the father of Menglöð by an unnamed mother, and is attested solely in a stanza of "Fjölsvinnsmál". As this is the only mention of the figure, further information has been theorized from the potential etymologies of the name "Svafrþorinn" and his relation to Menglöð.
Attestation.
Svafrþorinn is attested in a stanza of the poem "Fjölsvinnsmál", where Fjölsviðr tells Svipdagr that:
Theories.
Menglöð has often been theorized as the goddess Freyja, and according to this theory, Svafrþorinn would therefore be the god Njörðr. The theory is complicated the etymology of the name "Svafrþorinn" ("þorinn" meaning "brave" and "svafr" means "gossip" (or possibly connects to "sofa" "sleep"), which Rudolf Simek says makes little sense when attempting to connect it to Njörðr. Simek says that "a more daring, but more meaningful" theory is that the poet took the notion of the "Svefnþorn" (Old Norse "sleeping thorn"), which appears as an element of some Legendary sagas, and the wall of fire that appears later in "Fjölsvinnsmál" from myths relating to Brynhildr found in "Sigrdrífumál", the "Prose Edda", and "Völsunga saga", yet personifying the sleeping thorn due to the context.

</doc>
<doc id="20667209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667209" title="Chow Bella">
Chow Bella

Chow Bella is a 1998 American comedy film written, directed and produced by Gavin Grazer who also plays a minor role in the film as Cheppy. Starring Caroleen Feeney and Paulie DiCocco, the film tells the story of a wannabe crime writer turned substitute food critic who writes a very unfavourable review of a restaurant. Unknown to the critic, the restaurant is owned by the Mafia and, upon learning of the negative review, the mobsters decide to exact revenge and they abduct the critic.
"Chow Bella" premièred at the 1998 Austin Film Festival where it finished as the second runner-up to the festival winning film "La Cucaracha".

</doc>
<doc id="20667220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667220" title="Oregon Pacific Railroad">
Oregon Pacific Railroad

Oregon Pacific Railroad or Oregon Pacific Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20667236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667236" title="Röhr">
Röhr

Röhr (Roehr) is surname of:

</doc>
<doc id="20667258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667258" title="Tawfik Khatib">
Tawfik Khatib

Tawfik Khatib (; , born 21 April 1954) is a former Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the United Arab List and the Arab National Party between 1996 and 2003.
Biography.
Born in Jaljulia, Khatib studied political science at Bar-Ilan University, gaining a BA. He went on to study Islamic culture, writing his MA thesis on ancient taxation.
In 1989 he became head of Jaljulia's local council. He was elected to the Knesset on the United Arab List list in the 1996 elections. After winning fifth place on the party's list for the 1999 elections he retained his seat, but on 19 February 2001, left the party to establish the Arab National Party along with Muhamad Kanan. Prior to the 2003 elections media reports suggested that Khatib would join Meretz, but nothing came of them, and he lost his seat.
Married with five children, Khatib today teaches Arabic at Beit Berl academic college.

</doc>
<doc id="20667265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667265" title="History of Hunslet">
History of Hunslet

Ever since its early days Hunslet has been the 'Workshop of Leeds'. Although from the industrial revolution onwards there have been other areas in Leeds to have a large industrial base, such as Holbeck, Armley, Kirkstall and Harehills, none so much as Hunslet. Like neighbouring Holbeck, Hunslet benefited from its close proximity with the River Aire, Leeds city centre, coal mining communities to the South, extensive railways and some of Leeds' best infrastructure. From the 1960s onwards the motorways would also drive industry and commerce in Hunslet.
Hunslet grew from an unremarkable area at the beginning of the industrial revolution to a major industrial area only a few years later. The growing industries in Hunslet were not the textile industries, for which Leeds was becoming best known, but generally heavier industries such as steel and iron foundries, engine works and railway works.
1906.
By 1906, Hunslet was home to Leeds’ second largest gas works, the City’s main rail goods yards, known at the time as ‘Midland Goods Station’ (now the site of Crown Point Retail Park), as well as a large number of factories, below is a rough inventory of the major industrial premises in Hunslet at the time.
Hunslet was home to Leeds' second largest gasworks, the site had a large column guided gasholder, which was replaced in the 1960s by two spiral guided gasholders (which still stand). The site no longer produces town gas, storing natural gas instead.
1960s.
Hunslet's redevelopment in the late 1960s was perhaps most notable for the construction of the Hunslet Grange Flats, usually called informally the Leek Street Flats. Construction of the 2,500 flats started in 1968 following a widespread slum clearance project in the area. The flats were commissioned by Leeds City Council and constructed by Shepherd Building Group. The flats were built as a large complex, sprawling over much of Hunslet. While the flats enjoyed a degree of popularity in their first few years, this did not last, the layout of the complex and severe condensation lead to them being attributed to many health and social problems in the area, and only 13 years after construction began, in 1983, the council began to demolish the complex.
The 1960s also saw the M1 Motorway come to Hunslet, since the rerouting of the M1 around the East of Leeds taking it to the A1(M) at Aberford, the Hunslet stretch of the former M1 is now part of the M621.
1980s.
Following the demolition of Hunslet Grange, the area was again redeveloped with low rise council housing in the early 1990s.
2000s.
The 2000s saw the redevelopment of the former industrial area surrounding Clarence Dock.
Future.
The proposed HS2 railway line will run through Hunslet adjacent to the Leeds to Pontefract railway line on a new viaduct, terminating at Leeds New Lane station to the west of Hunslet.

</doc>
<doc id="20667284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667284" title="Face Recognition Grand Challenge">
Face Recognition Grand Challenge

The Face Recognition Grand Challenge (FRGC) was conducted in an effort to promote and advance face recognition technology. It was the successor of the Face Recognition Vendor Test.
Overview.
The primary goal of the FRGC was to promote and advance face recognition technology designed to support existing face recognition efforts in the U.S. Government. FRGC developed new face recognition techniques and prototype systems while increasing performance by an order of magnitude. The FRGC was open to face recognition researchers and developers in companies, academia, and research institutions. FRGC ran from May 2004 to March 2006.
The FRGC consisted of progressively difficult challenge problems. Each challenge problem consisted of a data set of facial images and a defined set of experiments. One of the impediments to developing improved face recognition is the lack of data. The FRGC challenge problems include sufficient data to overcome this impediment. The set of defined experiments assists researchers and developers in making progress on meeting the new performance goals.
There are three main contenders for improving face recognition algorithms: high resolution images, three-dimensional (3D) face recognition, and new preprocessing techniques. The FRGC is simultaneously pursuing and will assess the merit of all three techniques. Current face recognition systems are designed to work on relatively small still facial images. The traditional method for measuring the size of a face is the number of pixels between the centers of the eyes. In current images there are 40 to 60 pixels between the centers of the eyes (10,000 to 20,000 pixels on the face). In the FRGC, high resolution images consist of facial images with 250 pixels between the centers of the eyes on average. The FRGC will facilitate the development of new algorithms that take advantage of the additional information inherent in high resolution images.
Three-dimensional (3D) face recognition algorithms identify faces from the 3D shape of a person's face. In current face recognition systems, changes in lighting (illumination) and pose of the face reduce performance. Because the shape of faces is not affected by changes in lighting or pose, 3D face recognition has the potential to improve performance under these conditions.
In the last couple years there have been advances in computer graphics and computer vision on modeling lighting and pose changes in facial imagery. These advances have led to the development of new computer algorithms that can automatically correct for lighting and pose changes in facial imagery. These new algorithms work by preprocessing a facial image to correct for lighting and pose prior to being processed through a face recognition system. The preprocessing portion of the FRGC will measure the impact of new preprocessing algorithms on recognition performance.
The FRGC improved the capabilities of automatic face recognition systems through experimentation with clearly stated goals and challenge problems. Researchers and developers can develop new algorithms and systems that meet the FRGC goals. The development of the new algorithms and systems is facilitated by the FRGC challenge problems.
Structure of the Face Recognition Grand Challenge.
The FRGC is structured around challenge problems that are designed to challenge researchers to meet the FRGC performance goal.
There are three aspects of the FRGC that will be new to the face recognition community. The first aspect is the size of the FRGC in terms of data. The FRGC data set contains 50,000 recordings. The second aspect is the complexity of the FRGC. Previous face recognition data sets have been restricted to still images. The FRGC will consist of three modes:
The third new aspect is the infrastructure. The infrastructure for FRGC will be provided by the Biometric Experimentation Environment (BEE), an XML based framework for describing and documenting computational experiments. The BEE will allow the description and distribution of experiments in a common format, recording of the raw results of an experiment in a common format, analysis and presentation of the raw results in a common format, and documentation of the experiment format in a common format. This is the first time that a computational-experimental environment has supported a challenge problem in face recognition or biometrics.
The FRGC Data Set.
The FRGC data distribution consists of three parts. The first is the FRGC data set. The second part is the FRGC BEE. The BEE distribution includes all the data sets for performing and scoring the six experiments. The third part is a set of baseline algorithms for experiments 1 through 4. With all three components, it is possible to run experiments 1 through 4, from processing the raw images to producing Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROCs).
The data for FRGC consists of 50,000 recordings divided into training and validation partitions. The training partition is designed for training algorithms and the validation partition is for assessing performance of an approach in a laboratory setting. The validation partition consists of data from 4,003 subject sessions. A subject session is the set of all images of a person taken each time a person's biometric data is collected and consists of four controlled still images, two uncontrolled still images, and one three-dimensional image. The controlled images were taken in a studio setting, are full frontal facial images taken under two lighting conditions and with two facial expressions (smiling and neutral). The uncontrolled images were taken in varying illumination conditions; e.g., hallways, atriums, or outside. Each set of uncontrolled images contains two expressions, smiling and neutral. The 3D image was taken under controlled illumination conditions. The 3D images consist of both a range and a texture image. The 3D images were acquired by a Minolta Vivid 900/910 series sensor.
The FRGC distribution consists of six experiments. In experiment 1, the gallery consists of a single controlled still image of a person and each probe consists of a single controlled still image. Experiment 1 is the control experiment. Experiment 2 studies the effect of using multiple still images of a person on performance. In experiment 2, each biometric sample consists of the four controlled images of a person taken in a subject session. For example, the gallery is composed of four images of each person where all the images are taken in the same subject session. Likewise, a probe now consists of four images of a person.
Experiment 3 measures the performance of 3D face recognition. In experiment 3, the gallery and probe set consist of 3D images of a person. Experiment 4 measures recognition performance from uncontrolled images. In experiment 4, the gallery consists of a single controlled still image, and the probe set consists of a single uncontrolled still image.
Experiments 5 and 6 examine comparing 3D and 2D images. In both experiments, the gallery consists of 3D images. In experiment 5, the probe set consists of a single controlled still. In experiment 6, the probe set consists of a single uncontrolled still.

</doc>
<doc id="20667350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667350" title="St. John's Seminary (Wonersh)">
St. John's Seminary (Wonersh)

St. John's Seminary in Wonersh, Guildford, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Arundel and Brighton, United Kingdom, is the principal seminary for the Archdiocese of Southwark, and the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton. Other dioceses also make use of it to a greater or lesser extent, including Diocese of Plymouth, Portsmouth, East Anglia, Clifton, Menevia, the Archdiocese of Cardiff and the newly founded Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham.
While it serves mainly dioceses of the South of England, it also provides formation for students from dioceses further afield and for members of religious institutes.
Since 1985 it has also offered courses in theology for lay (external) students. These courses now run alongside the academic programme offered to students in formation. This programme is validated by St. Mary's University College in Twickenham, of which the seminary is an Associated Institution.
The Seminary is also a valuable resource for the local church, and provides a venue for various groups including the formation programme for the Permanent Diaconate, as well as a centre of expertise in the work of formation and sacred science. 
History.
St John's Seminary was the brainchild of Bishop John Baptist Butt (1826-1899), the fourth bishop of the Diocese (now Archdiocese) of Southwark. He desired to found a college along entirely different, continental, lines, in distinction to the more Jesuit-inspired tradition of the English seminaries to date. He employed as his first rector the young priest Francis Bourne, later to become Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, who had studied at the great seminary of St Sulpice in Paris and had also known St John Bosco.
The project began almost immediately; a site was purchased at Lostiford, a hamlet outside the village of Wonershh near Guildford, and during the two years that the seminary was under construction, the community began in Henfield Place, a large house (still standing) in Henfield, Sussex.
Butt was determined that his foundation should be built entirely anew. Therefore those men already studying for the Southwark Diocese were left in their current seminaries, and only boys were taken for the new St John's Seminary, some as young as twelve. These were to complete their studies in the humanities at St John's before proceeding to the study of Theology at about the age of 17 or 18.
In September 1891, the buildings at Wonersh were complete enough to be able to house the new community, though the chapel had not yet been built (this was to follow in 1896).
In 1893 there were enough young men ready to study theology, and so from this period St John's housed both a junior and a senior seminary.
In 1896, Francis Bourne was made coadjutor bishop of Southwark only a few weeks after his 35th birthday, and not long afterwards succeeded absolutely to the see when Bishop John Baptist Butt retired. He was succeeded as Rector by George Barrett, who suffered from ill-health and resigned in 1901, to be succeeded by the nephew of the founder, and later Auxiliary Bishop in Westminster, Joseph Butt.
This was a turbulent time for the Seminary, as for the Church. Modernism had begun to appear, and received a certain amount of support from some of the lecturers and students. Bourne, while bishop, was inclined to be mildly tolerant of this, but his successor, Peter Amigo, was not. Amigo had succeeded in 1903, when Bourne was surprisingly made Archbishop of Westminster. Amigo removed several of the lecturers inclined towards modernism, and his stance was proved to have been the politically right one, for the encyclicals of Pope St Pius X Pascendi and Lamentabili were to condemn Modernism in no uncertain terms.
Joseph Butt left Wonersh in 1907, to be succeeded by Arthur Doubleday, later bishop of Brentwood. Bourne had desired that Thomas Hooley, the 'regent' (or superior of the junior seminarians) should have been the successor, and the row between Bourne and Amigo over this subject led to their irreparable falling-out. With justice, Amigo knew that Wonersh was the seminary of his diocese, and that Bourne should, simply, mind his own business. Doubleday was a very strong character, and had every need of his strength to guide the seminary through the troubles of the First World War. Many of the junior seminarians were called up after 1916, and some were sent to the front. As a consequence, the seminary slowly emptied, having only the too old, the too young and the too unfit within its walls.
After the war, the seminary recovered well. In 1924, it was becoming so full that the decision was made to establish a new junior seminary, which became St Joseph Seminary, Mark Cross near Heathfield in Sussex, and make St John's simply a senior college, something that it has remained ever since. In the same year, Monsignor Philip Hallett became rector; the longest and perhaps the most successful rectorate in the history of the college.
The Second World War was not so devastating as the First at Wonersh. No students were called up; instead, they 'did their bit' locally, participating enthusiastically in various civil defence operations, including operating a local fire service.
Following the war, the advent of a large number of demobbed servicemen to the seminary was considered to have caused considerable disciplinary problems, which were resolved by the stern government of Mgr Bernard Wall in the 1950s. He was to be another future Bishop of Brentwood.
Though St John's had always been considered the strictest of the English seminaries, the aftermath of the Second Vatican Council brought considerable relaxation. Students were encouraged to work in parishes, and live a less monastic life than heretofore. Links with universities; first Southampton, then Surrey, and now St Mary's Twickenham enabled the students to qualify for a degree.
In recent days, there has been a certain amount of anxiety over the Seminary's future, particularly in the light of the closure of St Cuthbert's College, Ushaw. However, things seem fairly secure for the present, and the college is busy making plans for the future.
Senior staff.
There are 7 academic staff in residence, of whom six are diocesan priests, and one is a religious sister: 
Motto.
The motto "spes messis in semine" (the hope of the harvest is in the seed), speaks of confidence in the work done at the Seminary for the future of the Church and the Kingdom of God.

</doc>
<doc id="20667365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667365" title="Torrejonian">
Torrejonian

The Torrejonian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 63,300,000 to 60,200,000 years BP lasting . It is usually considered to overlap the Selandian and Thanetian within the Paleocene. The Torrejonian is preceded by the Puercan and followed by the Tiffanian NALMA stages.
The Torrejonian is considered to be contained within the Danian and contains the following substages:

</doc>
<doc id="20667382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667382" title="2nd parallel north">
2nd parallel north

The 2nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 2 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Southeast Asia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 2° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20667398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667398" title="Marquette Golden Avalanche football">
Marquette Golden Avalanche football

The Marquette Golden Avalanche football program was the intercollegiate American football team for Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The school's first football team was fielded in 1892. While it became generally known as the Hilltoppers, the name was changed starting in the 1954 season to the Warriors.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="20667412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667412" title="Hassan Sabry Pasha">
Hassan Sabry Pasha

Hassan Sabry Pasha (Arabic: حسن صبرى باشا|extra=1879 - 14 November 1940) was a Egyptian politician who briefly served as prime minister of Egypt in 1940.
Career.
Following his graduation with a teaching degree and a law degree Hassan Pasha started his career as the headmaster of the Muhammad 'Ali School in Cairo. Then he taught at Al Azhar University. In 1926, he became a member of the Chamber of Deputies, representing Gharbiyya. In 1931, he was elected to the Senate. From 1933 to 1934 he served as finance minister. In 1934, he was appointed Egypt's ambassador to the United Kingdom. Following his return to Egypt he was made commerce and communications minister and then war or defense minister.
He was appointed by King Farouk to form a coalition Cabinet in June 1940. He served as the Prime Minister of Egypt from 28 June 1940 to 14 November 1940. He succeeded Ali Mahir Pasha as prime minister. Hassan Pasha died on the floor of Parliament as he gave a speech accepting the Grand Cordon of Mohammed Ali, the highest honor Egypt can bestow.
He was succeeded by Hussein Sirry Pasha.

</doc>
<doc id="20667414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667414" title="Provincia de El Bierzo">
Provincia de El Bierzo

The Provincia de El Bierzo (Province of The Bierzo or Province of El Bierzo) is a proposed new province of Spain advocated for by some people and some political groups of the region of El Bierzo. The region is located in the westernmost part of the Province of León and occupies one-third of that province.
The inhabitants of this region have a marked personality and idiosyncrasy favored by the geographical situation of El Bierzo, a tectonic pit consisting of several valleys of different size, each separated from similar neighboring regions by a series of mountainous mountain ranges that surround it.
These groups and persons want to restore the Provincia del Vierzo, which disappeared in the 1833 territorial division of Spain. The "comarca" of El Bierzo is the only one in Castile and León recognized by that region's Statute of Autonomy, and it has its own regional legislature, the Consejo Comarcal de el Bierzo (Regional Council of El Bierzo). Advocates of a Province of El Bierzo wish also to annex the territories of Valdeorras (currently in the Province of Ourense), plus (from within the province of León) Laciana and the part of La Cabrera that formed a part of the extinct province but is not in the ambit of the present regional council
According to a 2006 survey on this topic, more than 53 percent of Bercianos would support the restoration of the province. 

</doc>
<doc id="20667422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667422" title="Face Recognition Vendor Test">
Face Recognition Vendor Test

The Face Recognition Vendor Test (FRVT) was a series of large scale independent evaluations for face recognition systems realized by the National Institute of Standards and Technology in 2000, 2002 and 2006. Previous evaluations in the series were the Face Recognition Technology (FERET) evaluations in 1994, 1995 and 1996.
Face Recognition Vendor Test 2006.
The primary goal of the FRVT 2006 was to measure progress of prototype systems/algorithms and commercial face recognition systems since FRVT 2002. FRVT 2006 evaluated performance on:
To guarantee an accurate assessment, the FRVT 2006 measured performance with sequestered data (data not previously seen by the researchers or developers). A standard dataset and test methodology was employed so that all participants were evenly evaluated. The government provided both the test data and the test environment to participants. The test environment was called the Biometric Experimentation Environment (BEE). The BEE was the FRVT 2006 infrastructure. It allowed the experimenter to focus on the experiment by simplifying test data management, experiment configuration, and the processing of results.
The FRVT 2006 was sponsored by multiple U.S. Government agencies and was conducted and managed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST).
One of the goals of the FRVT 2006 was to independently determine if the objectives of the Face Recognition Grand Challenge (FRGC) were achieved. The FRGC was a separate algorithm development project designed to promote and advance face recognition technology that supports existing face recognition efforts in the U.S. Government. One of the objectives of the FRGC was to develop face recognition algorithms capable of performance an order of magnitude better than FRVT 2002. The FRGC was conducted from May 2004 through March 2006. FRGC data is still available to face recognition researchers. To obtain FRGC data, potential participants must sign the required licenses and follow FRGC data release rules. To request a FRGC data set, please follow directions found on the "FRGC Webpage."
FRVT 2006 Protocol.
FRVT 2006 Protocol
FRVT 2006 Executable Calling Signatures
FRVT 2006 Executable Naming Convention
FRVT 2006 Results.
The FRVT 2006 large-scale results are available in the combined FRVT 2006 and ICE 2006 Large-Scale Results evaluation report. We received algorithms from 22 organizations in 10 different countries, with many submitting multiple algorithms. However, only those who successfully completed the large-scale tests are documented in this report. The following organizations submitted algorithms to be evaluated:

</doc>
<doc id="20667449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667449" title="Darul Uloom, Birmingham">
Darul Uloom, Birmingham

The Jami Masjid and Islamic Centre Birmingham and Darul Uloom is an Islamic high school and college, based in Birmingham, England. The masjid has prayer facilities accommodating over 2000 Muslims for 5 times daily prayer. It offers a full national curriculum covering secular subjects as well as being a full-time madrassa.
Darul Uloom Birmingham.
The Darul Uloom Birmingham (Arabic: دارالعلوم الاسلامية العربية برمنجهام - Urdu: دارالعلوم برمنگهم) is an Islamic school located in the heart of Birmingham City UK. The Madrasah was established in 1985 and says its purpose is to provide education that will produce Ulama (Islamic Scholars) and Huffaz of the Qur’an who can become exemplary representatives of Islam, and serve both the Muslim and non-Muslim communities.
Darul Uloom Al-Islamiah Birmingham is a specialized Islamic Madrasah, School & College, which says it provides a balance of traditional Islamic education and National Curriculum subjects. It states that its purpose is to educate students with both a firm understanding of the Islamic sciences and a strong academic knowledge of National Curriculum subjects, a combination that will provide students with a wide range of possibilities when in pursuit of further education.
Background, Dispatches documentary and regulatory action against the school.
During the seventies and eighties, the nascent Muslim communities in England began to expand considerably. This growth created an ever increasing need for an educational initiative that would cater for future generations of Muslims.
Through the dedication of a group of individuals led by Dr. Maulana Abdur Rahim, Darul Uloom Al-Arabiah Al-Islamiah was established in 1985. The Madrasah was one of the first of its kind in the Western world.
Darul Uloom Islamic High School, Birmingham, has had favourable Ofsted reports up until 2011, praised for its interfaith and general teaching. It was inspected in May 2011, following a Channel 4 documentary Dispactches filming teaching sessions within the school. The regulatory body found that it was "good" with regards to The behaviour of pupils, "satisfactory" with regards to How well the curriculum and other activities meet the range of needs and interests of pupils and Quality of provision for pupils’ spiritual, moral, social and cultural development but "inadequate" in Overall Quality of Education, How effective teaching and assessment are in meeting the full range of pupils’ needs, How well pupils make progress in their learning, and The overall welfare, health and safety of pupils
The report followed a Channel 4 Dispatches documentary, entitled Lessons in Hate and Violence, on February 14, 2011, which filmed undercover inside the school alleging some students and teachers preaching intolerance to other students.
The Channel 4 documentary provoked criticism from a number of areas. The school itself was subject to threats following the documentary and released an official statement about the programme on its website, stating that it had been grossly misrepresented and that in particular comments taken out of context.
West Midlands Police confirmed that they would investigate threats of firebombs against the mosque following Channel 4's documentary.
Members of Parliament also criticised Channel 4 including local MP John Hemming:
""To sum it up Darul Uloom are working towards a united society and have acted to expel extremists even involving the police to ban one individual from the premises. For this they should be congratulated not criticised. On the other hand Channel 4 have given them a kicking. That I think is unfair.""
REGULATORY ACTION AGAINST THE SCHOOL BY DEPARTMENT FOR EDUCATION
After the Department for Education viewed all unbroadcast rushes filmed at the school by Channel 4, it took regulatory action against the school for "a culture of intolerance" and issued a notice against the school, threatening closure. The headaster has now been replaced and number of teachers have been dismissed as a result.
The DfE ruled that the Dispatches found a "substantial amount of evidence" of intolerance and contempt for other cultures, religions and mainstream society and "a culture of intolerance where adherents to other faiths are despised and considered inferior".
It said that the school promoted a "wholesale repudiation of mainstream society"; and that the headmaster, deputy headmaster and the religious studies teacher were among the speakers secretly recorded "denigrating or belittling members of other religions" and promoting the view that Muslims must remain separate from mainstream society.
It ruled that one speaker recorded in the programme giving a lesson to the children "appears to be advocating war against America and/or Jews, and to be repudiating democracy"; that children were taught to refer to non-Muslims using terms "used on extreme websites such as those operated by Al Qaeda"; and that the headmaster had given lessons "condemning all non-Muslims and all aspects of their behaviour", as well as promoting Islamic punishments, including the chopping of hands for stealing and stoning for adultery, with no reference to a British context, which "may not be enabling pupils to distinguish right from wrong ... and to respect British law."
The DfE said the "combined effect of these speeches is to emphasise to the pupils that they should not have any contact with people who belong to other religious groups; indeed contact should be hateful... and to discourage them from living in harmony with members of British society". It also said that a separate Ofsted inspection in the wake of the programme had found "serious regulatory failings".
The DfE strongly backed the editing of the Dispatches programme. It said: "There was no other teaching that DfE saw that presented other religions, cultures or cultural traditions in a positive light. There was no evidence in the footage that was viewed to support the school's contention that its teachings were likely to prepare students to integrate, interact with and contribute beneficially to wider society."
The school has written back to the DfE with an Action Plan, promising "a significant transformation of the school structure". The school said the headmaster had been replaced by an acting head, and all teachers identified in the film as making "inappropriate comments" had been dismissed. The governing body had also been disbanded and all members of its Senior Management Team had been dismissed. It said it was taking a number of other steps to combat extremism and improve community cohesion. The DfE has accepted the Action Plan, but warned that the school may still be struck off the register for independent schools if it did not adhere to regulatory standards.
Teaching staff.
The staff consists of many highly qualified and experienced teachers who are experts in the Islamic sciences and secular subjects.
Many of the teachers have qualified from the renowned Al-Azhar University in Egypt, with Masters and PhDs, in addition to their Alim and Hafiz qualifications from their own countries, under the Deobandi system. Having spent many years in the Arab peninsula, these teachers have the extra advantage of being able to speak and teach naturally and fluently in Arabic – thus the school has an excellent Arabic learning environment.
The principle is Maulana Dr. Abdur Rahim hafizullah, an economics graduate from Dhaka University with a doctorate from Glasgow University.
Mission statement.
The school's mission statement is:
The Darul Uloom's mission is to create a generation of talented, educated scholars, who understand the Islamic way of life from its most authentic sources in accordance with Islam’s own intellectual heritage; whilst reflecting the environment and society they are from with appropriate academic knowledge, so that they may benefit the local community and enrich the wider society.
Curriculum.
Darul Uloom considers it is necessary to impart education on board as a range of subjects as possible, classical and modern, practical and theoretical, Islamic and secular.
In keeping the aims of the Madressah, the curriculum is divided into two sections - catering respectively religious and secular academic knowledge. The mornings are divoted to the study of the classical Islamic sciences.
The Islamic section is further divided into two separate courses:
Hifz Section.
Students in the Hafiz (Qur'an) commit the entire Qur’an to memory. They undergo a rigorous routine of memorization designed to ensure completion within three years. In addition to their daily assessments, regular evaluations take place through monthly, termly, and end of year examinations. Darul Uloom employs teachers who are Hafiz and Qari of a very high calibre. Hundreds of students have completed their memorization of the Qur’an here, and several of them have won local and national Hifz competitions. During Ramadan, many of the current and former Darul Uloom students lead the Tarawih prayers in mosques nationwide.
Facilities.
The Darul Uloom consists of a wide range of facilities such as:
Majlis al Shura.
The Majlis al Shura (Arabic: مجلس الشورى) is a body of Ulama (Islamic scholars) set up to govern, guide, and mentor the running of Darul Uloom. It consists of some of the most highly regarded Ulama in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20667454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667454" title="Iris Challenge Evaluation">
Iris Challenge Evaluation

The Iris Challenge Evaluation (ICE) were a series of events conducted and managed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology for projects on technology development and evaluation for iris recognition. 
The ICE 2006 was the first large-scale, open, independent technology evaluation for iris recognition. The primary goals of the ICE projects were to promote the development and advancement of iris recognition technology and assess its state-of-the-art capability. The ICE projects were open to academia, industry and research institutes.
ICE 2005.
The ICE 2005 was a technology development project for iris recognition. It consisted of an iris recognition challenge problem that was distributed to potential participants. The event took place between August 2005 and March 2006. The primary goal in ICE 2005, the recognition technology development project, was to promote and advance iris recognition technology that supports existing iris recognition efforts in the U.S. Government.
Researchers interested in iris recognition may still obtain copies of the ICE 2005 dataset.
ICE 2006.
ICE 2006 consisted of a large-scale, open, independent technology evaluation of iris recognition technology. To guarantee an accurate assessment, the ICE measured performance with sequestered data (data not previously seen by the researchers or developers). A standard dataset and test methodology was employed so that all participants were evenly evaluated.
The ICE 2006 started on 15 June 2006 and results were published in March 2007. The primary goal of ICE 2006 was to determine the state-of-the-art capability of automatic iris recognition technology and to establish a performance baseline against which to measure future progress. Results of this effort may provide design input for future evaluations. The ICE 2006 large-scale evaluation report is available on the ICE 2006 webpage.

</doc>
<doc id="20667461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667461" title="Sydmonton Festival">
Sydmonton Festival

The Sydmonton Festival is a summer arts festival presented in a deconsecrated 16th century chapel on the grounds of Sydmonton Court, the country estate of Andrew Lloyd Webber's. It is in Hampshire, located approximately 85 kilometres southwest of London, and was established in September 1975. Its purpose is to introduce new works to a private audience of individuals connected with theatre, television, and film in order to determine their future potential and viable commercialism.
Among the Lloyd Webber projects to receive their first public performances at the festival are "Evita", "Variations", "Tell Me on a Sunday", "Cats", "Starlight Express", "Aspects of Love", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Sunset Boulevard", "Whistle Down the Wind", "By Jeeves", "The Beautiful Game", "The Woman in White", "The Likes of Us", and "". His "Cricket" received its second performance here.
Other projects to debut here include "Nunc Dimittis", "Masquerade", and "Tomorrow Shall Be My Dancing Day" by Rod Argent, "Cafe Puccini" by Robin Ray, "Girlfriends" by Howard Goodall and Richard Curtis, "Love Songs" by Charles Hart, "La Bête" by David Hirson, "Yosopv" by Kit Hesketh-Harvey and James McConnel, and "Address Unknown" by Kathrine Kressman Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="20667462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667462" title="Jennifer Banko-Stewart">
Jennifer Banko-Stewart

Jennifer Banko-Stewart (born Jennifer Banko; November 8, 1978) is an American actress who has worked in national television and mainstream films since an early age. She appeared at age 10 in the movie "" as young Tina Shepard.
Banko was born in Riverside, Riverside County, California and attended Riverside Polytechnic High School.
She has appeared in guest roles on various TV shows, in a recurring role as Ashley MacInally on Pacific Palisades and in a temporary recurring role as Tiffany Thorne on an NBC soap opera Sunset Beach. 
She also voiced Lucy van Pelt in "Happy Anniversary, Charlie Brown" on CD (1989), and "Why, Charlie Brown, Why?" (1990).
Current activities.
When not engaged in filmmaking, Banko-Stewart works in education and promotes several charity causes.

</doc>
<doc id="20667463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667463" title="Nina Mjøberg">
Nina Mjøberg

Nina Mjøberg (born 18 April 1964) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Buskerud during the terms 1989–1993, 2005–2009 and 2009–2013.
On the local level, she is a former deputy mayor of Modum.

</doc>
<doc id="20667472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667472" title="Oscar Erickson (American football)">
Oscar Erickson (American football)

Oscar Erickson was an American football coach.
Coaching career.
Erickson was the second head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for the 1902 season.
His coaching record at Marquette was 6 wins, 1 loss, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him
eighth at Marquette in total wins and fourth at Marquette in winning percentage (.813).

</doc>
<doc id="20667480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667480" title="Gaurigaun">
Gaurigaun

Gaurigaun is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4004 people living in 753 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667490" title="George Dudley (art director)">
George Dudley (art director)

George Dudley (8 May 1897 – 5 June 1959) was an American art director. He was nominated an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "The Rains Came".

</doc>
<doc id="20667495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667495" title="Bhawang">
Bhawang

Bhawang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3730 people living in 678 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667505" title="Jerry Riordan">
Jerry Riordan

Jeremiah P. "Jerry" Riordan was an American football player and coach. Riordan was the third head football at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for two seasons, in 1901 and 1903. His coaching record at Marquette was 11 wins, 1 loss, and 1 tie. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him sixth at Marquette in total wins and third at Marquette in winning percentage (.885).
He died of an "attack of heart disease" at St. Paul, Minnesota in 1936. He was buried at Madison, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20667512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667512" title="Lanham (surname)">
Lanham (surname)

Lanham is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20667535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667535" title="Mirul">
Mirul

Mirul (Nepali: , ) -- sometimes transliterated to "Bhirul"—is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2571.

</doc>
<doc id="20667546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667546" title="CAMP test">
CAMP test

The CAMP test is a test to identify Group B β-streptococci based on their formation of a substance (CAMP factor) that enlarges the area of hemolysis formed by β-hemolysin from Staphylococcus aureus. It is frequently used to identify "Listeria" spp.
CAMP factor.
Although usually used to identify group "B", there is some evidence that the CAMP factor gene is present in several groups of streptococci, including group "A".
A similar factor has been identified in "Bartonella henselae".
Uses.
It can be used to identify "Streptococcus agalactiae". Though not strongly beta-hemolytic on its own, it presents with a wedge-shape in the presence of "Staphylococcus aureus".
History.
It is an acronym for "Christie Atkins Munch-Petersen", for the three researchers who discovered the phenomenon.
It is often incorrectly reported as the product of "four" people (counting Munch-Petersen as two people).
The name has no relationship to Cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP).

</doc>
<doc id="20667548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667548" title="Thomas Skelly">
Thomas Skelly

Thomas J. "Tom" Skelly was an American football coach. Skelly was the fourth head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for the 1904 season. His coaching record at Marquette was 5 wins, 2 losses, and 0 ties. As of the conclusion of the 2007 season, this ranks him 11th at Marquette in total wins and seventh at Marquette in winning percentage (.714).
Skelly, a native of Norwich, Connecticut, was a graduate of The College of the Holy Cross. There he played football, basketball and baseball, the latter with the position of right fielder, for three years. In the 1903 football season, he had also served as the team's captain.

</doc>
<doc id="20667551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667551" title="Budagaun">
Budagaun

Budagaun is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,550 people living in 836 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667552" title="Puercan">
Puercan

The Puercan North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), spanning the interval from 66,000,000 to 63,300,000 years BP lasting . It is usually considered to be within the Paleocene. The Puercan directly follows the Lancian NALMA, with the K-Pg boundary and K-Pg mass extinction at 66 MYA representing the boundary between the two. The Puercan is followed by the Torrejonian NALMA stage.
The Puercan is considered to contain the following substages:

</doc>
<doc id="20667576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667576" title="Dhawang">
Dhawang

Dhawang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3855 people living in 683 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667582" title="Lewis Thomas (bishop)">
Lewis Thomas (bishop)

Lewis Thomas, the last abbot of Cwmhir Abbey. Under the provisions of the Suffragan Bishops Act 1534, he was consecrated the Bishop of Shrewsbury on 24 June 1537, probably for the diocese of Llandaff. He also held the living at Bloxham. He died in 1561.

</doc>
<doc id="20667588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667588" title="Dubidanda">
Dubidanda

Dubidanda is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3870 people living in 661 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667596" title="Dubring">
Dubring

Dubring is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4005 people living in 736 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667602" title="Wood House">
Wood House

Wood House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20667606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667606" title="Iriwang">
Iriwang

Iriwang (Nepali: , ) -- also transliterated to "Eriwāng" -- is a village development committee in Rolpa District in Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, 4217 people were living within 743 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667615" title="John Ford (American football coach)">
John Ford (American football coach)

John Ford was an American football coach. He served as the fifth head football coach at Marquette University during the 1905 and 1906 seasons. His coaching record at Marquette was 4 wins, 7 losses, and 3 ties. This ranks him 13th at Marquette in total wins and 15th at Marquette in winning percentage (.393). Having been a graduate of the College of the Holy Cross (where he played football), Ford was also the first paid coach at Marquette.

</doc>
<doc id="20667624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667624" title="Oregon Pacific Railroad (1880–94)">
Oregon Pacific Railroad (1880–94)

Oregon Pacific Railroad was a railroad in western Oregon, U.S. from 1880 to 1894, when it was sold to the Oregon Central and Eastern Railroad. A substantial part of the Oregon Pacific's abandoned right-of-way is preserved as Oregon Pacific Railroad Linear Historic District.
It was created and owned by Thomas Egenton Hogg.
Hogg organized the Corvallis and Yaquina Bay Railroad in 1872, with the vision to build a new transcontinental line eastward from the Oregon coast and provide Corvallis with a railroad connection. At the time, the next nearest rails were the Oregon Central Railroad in St. Joseph, and the Oregon and California Railroad in Albany. Hogg reorganized the railroad as the Willamette Valley & Coast Railroad, and ground was first broken in Corvallis on May 17, 1877. The Oregon Pacific Railroad was organized on September 15, 1880 as a successor to the WV&C.
Hogg originally intended to terminate the line at Seal Rock on the Oregon Coast. In anticipation of the railroad's arrival, the town was platted in 1877 with pedestrian-friendly public spaces and resort hotels that would accommodate train travelers, but the line was instead routed through Toledo to end at Yaquina, resulting in financial ruin for many who invested in Seal Rock.
To the east, the line extended as far as Idanha, 15 miles short of Santiam Pass before running out of money. Hogg purchased the steamship "Yaquina City" to provide a direct link to his railroad between Yaquina and San Francisco. "Yaquina City" successfully completed several voyages, until she ran aground at Yaquina Bay in 1887 due to a rudder failure. Despite the "Yaquina City" being insured, Hogg had just lost his biggest source of income and could not immediately replace the steamer. Hogg's contract with the government stated however, that if he could establish railroad service over the Cascade Mountains, he could receive a massive land grant. By selling this land, enough money could be made to keep the railroad in business. To get the grant, some additional track was laid over Santiam Pass. Hogg had mules pull some cars a few times to assert right of way. Hogg Rock near Santiam Pass is named for T. Egenton Hogg for his railroad which went around the rock. Track was also laid in Malheur River Canyon to reserve that pass for the railroad.
In 1888, Hogg purchased the Ocean liner "Caracas" from the Red D Line to replace the "Yaquina City". She was re-named "Yaquina Bay" and towed to Yaquina. Before steamship service could restart however, "Yaquina Bay" broke free the tugboat which was hauling her on December 9, 1888 and ran aground near the wreck of the "Yaquina City". Like the "Yaquina City", the "Yaquina Bay" was declared a total loss. Unfortunately, the "Yaquina Bay" was not insured which left Hogg no choice but to admit defeat and leave the state of Oregon a broke man. Locals believed that Portland based companies had sabotaged both of Hogg's vessels to ensure no business was taken away from them. Coincidentally, the "Yaquina Bay's" sister ship, "Valencia", would end in a similar fate; running aground off Vancouver Island with the loss of 116 people.
The railroad entered bankruptcy in October 1890. In 1894 it was sold to A.B. Hammond and renamed the Oregon Central and Eastern Railway, and again in 1897 was reorganized as the Corvallis and Eastern Railroad. In 1907 the C&E was sold to the Southern Pacific.
Some of the tracks were submerged by Detroit Lake in the 1950s when the Detroit Dam was completed. In 1999, the line's corridor from Idanha to the Cascade summit was designated as a historic district and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20667632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667632" title="Hamallayya">
Hamallayya

Hamallayya or Hamallism is a sufi ṭarīqah (order, path) originating in West Africa as an outgrowth from and reaction against the Tijaniyyah brotherhood. It was founded at the beginning of the 20th century by a mystic Muhammad ben Amadu (d. 1909) of Maure and Fulani background, as reform movement of Tijaniyyah practice. Stressing opposition to hierarchy and downplaying the importance of education, the movement spread in the 1920s by Amadu's disciple Shaykh Hamahullah bin Muhammad bin Umar (1886–1943) in what was then French Soudan, modern Mali. It first took root amongst Wolof traders living in Nioro, but soon spread to servile caste Muslims in Mauretania and Mali.
Doctrine.
Hammallist doctrinal changes from Tijaniyyah ritual included the removal of some recited references to the Prophet, rejecting Qur'anic study, and the shouting of prayers in group worship. Hammallists tended to stress traditional West African ritual and the rejection of traditional hierarchies, including gender, age, and caste distinctions.
Opposition and growth.
Opposed to what it saw as the hierarchy of the then dominant Tijaniyyah order, Hamallism grew into a social protest movement, especially from poor or slave communities and opposed both the wealthy among African and the colonial government of French West Africa. From the 1920s to the 1940s, periodic flareups of Hamallist attributed protest and violence occurred in what is today Mali, Mauretania, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, and Niger, and were suppressed by both the French authorities, and local Tijaniyyah leaders. Among the prominent converts to Hamallism were Tierno Bokar Salif Tall, grand nephew of the precolonial military and political leader of the Tijaniyya Jihad state El-Hadj Umar Tall, in Mali; and Yacouba Sylla in Mauretania. Other notable adherents included Tierno Bokar, the teacher and spiritual leader of Amadou Hampate Ba.
In Burkina Faso, Hamallism was especially present in the Fulbe Rimaibe (servile caste) communities into the 1950s.
Supression and survival.
Hamahullah bin Muhammad bin Umar was exiled by French authorities from Nioro to Mauretania in 1933 following clashes between his followers and local leaders, then to Côte d'Ivoire and finally France, but the movement survived his death in exile. The movement was eventually made illegal in French West Africa, but continued, especially among the rural poor. It remains a political and religious force in parts of eastern Mali and western Niger, where it took root in traditional Tuareg servile cast communities, called Bellah. Followers still numbered 50,000 in Mali by the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20667636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667636" title="Fagaam">
Fagaam

Fagaam is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2428 people living in 466 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667637" title="David D. Withers">
David D. Withers

David Dunham Withers (January 22, 1822 - February 18, 1892) was an American businessman and a Thoroughbred horse racing track owner and an owner/breeder. His Brookdale Farm in the Lincroft section of Middletown Township, New Jersey was the home of some of the finest bloodstock in the world.
Heavily involved in the horse racing industry, David Withers served as the first president of the Board of Control which became The Jockey Club. In 1878, he partnered with Gordon Bennett, Jr., George L. Lorillard and George P. Wetmore, to purchase Monmouth Park Racetrack near Red Bank, N.J.
Withers died in 1892 and was buried in the Marble Cemetery in New York City. According to his obituary in the February 27, 1892 edition of the "Live Stock Record" Withers "was the best racing authority in America." 
The Withers Stakes at Aqueduct Racetrack in Ozone Park, Queens, New York is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20667638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667638" title="Gaam">
Gaam

Gaam is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4349 people living in 880 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667644" title="Cody Clark">
Cody Clark

Floyd Milton "Cody" Clark was an American football coach.
Coaching history.
Clark was the sixth head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for the 1907 season.
His coaching record at Marquette was 6 wins, 0 losses, and 0 ties. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him eighth at Marquette in total wins and first at Marquette in winning percentage (1.000).
He died at a hospital in Alliance, Nebraska of a long illness in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20667653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667653" title="Vetle Vislie">
Vetle Vislie

Vetle Vislie (21 September 1858 – 7 February 1933) was a Norwegian educationalist and writer.
He was born in Skafså as a son of farmer Gjermund Vetleson Vislie (1825–1903) and Anne Larsdotter Mandt (1818–1904). He made his debut as a playwright in 1899, with "Utan hovding", and wrote "Fru Gerda" in 1890. His novels include "Heldøla" (1895), "Solvending" (1897), "Trollringar" (1903), "Malm" (1906), "Lukkespel" (1911) and "Det nye riket" (1913). He was also the rector of the Teachers' Colleges in Kristiansand, from 1908, and Hamar, from 1914. He was a member of Hamar city council for the Temperance Party.
He was the father of lawyer Jon Vislie.

</doc>
<doc id="20667666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667666" title="Clarence Kenney">
Clarence Kenney

Clarence John "Pike" Kenney (January 13, 1882 – November 28, 1950) was an American football player and coach. He played college football as the University of Saint Louis. Kenney was captain of the team in 1906 when his teammate, Bradbury Robinson, completed the first legal forward pass in the history of American football on September 5 at Carroll College in Waukesha, Wisconsin.
Kenney was the eighth head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for the 1912 season. His coaching record at Marquette was 3 wins, 4 losses, and 0 ties. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him 17th at Marquette in total wins and 13th at Marquette in winning percentage (.429).

</doc>
<doc id="20667667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667667" title="Love Travels">
Love Travels

Love Travels is the ninth studio album released by American country music singer Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1997 (see 1997 in country music) on Mercury Records, the label to which she had been signed since 1984. Three singles were released from it: "455 Rocket", "I'm on Your Side", and "Love Travels". "455 Rocket" was the highest charting, reaching a peak of #21 on the "Billboard" country charts, while "Love Travels" was her final Top 40 country entry at #39. Suzy Bogguss sang background vocals on "Further and Further Away."

</doc>
<doc id="20667690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667690" title="Leander J. Foley">
Leander J. Foley

Leander J. "Lee" Foley was an American football player and coach.
Coaching career.
Foley was the ninth head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for the 1913 season. His coaching record at Marquette was 4 wins, 3 losses, and 1 tie. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him 13th at Marquette in total wins and ninth at Marquette in winning percentage (.563).
Later life.
Foley later became an obstetrician and gynecologist in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20667697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667697" title="Chief Yowlachie">
Chief Yowlachie

Chief Yowlachie , born Daniel Simmons (August 15, 1891 - March 7, 1966), was a Native American actor from the Yakima tribe in the U.S. state of Washington, known for playing supporting roles and bit parts in numerous films.
He was born in Yakima, Washington, and died in Los Angeles, California.
Some of his television appearances include "War Horse", an episode of "The Lone Ranger" and "Rope of Lies", an episode of "The Virginian". He appeared twice on the early series, "The Range Rider", starring Jock Mahoney and Dick Jones. 
He appeared as the Apache Geronimo in the 1950s syndicated television series "Stories of the Century", starring and narrated by Jim Davis as a fictional railroad detective.
In 1962, Chief Yowlachie played "The Great Chief" in the episode "The Black Robe" of NBC's western series, "The Tall Man". In the story line, Governor Lew Wallace of the New Mexico Territory, played by Robert Burton, tries to thwart a French foreign agent from supplying arms to the Mescalero Apaches in a murky plot to reoccupy Mexico. Slim Pickens appears in this episode as Starr and Martin Landau as Father Gueschim, a Roman Catholic priest.

</doc>
<doc id="20667702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667702" title="John P. Koehler">
John P. Koehler

John Peter Koehler (February 24, 1880 – August 3, 1961) was an American football and basketball coach. He served as the head football coach at Lawrence Institute in Wisconsin, now Lawrence University, from 1904 to 1905, at the University of Denver from 1906 to 1910, and at Marquette University from 1914 to 1915, compiling a career college football record of 39–29–4. Koehler was also he head basketball coach at Lawrence from 1905 to 1906 and at Denver from 1906 to 1909, tallying a career college basketball mark of 15–22.
Coaching career.
Koehler was the tenth head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for two seasons, from 1914 until 1915. His coaching record at Marquette was 6 wins, 9 losses, and 2 ties. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him eighth at Marquette in total wins and 14th at Marquette in winning percentage (.412).
Koehler died in 1961 after a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20667710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667710" title="Lluís Pujals i Carretero">
Lluís Pujals i Carretero

Lluís Pujals i Carretero (January 22, 1966-) is a Catalan musician and painter.
Biography.
Born in Berga (Barcelona) the 22nd of January, 1966, and settled in Blanes since 1988, Lluís began to study music theory when he was 8 years old with Monserrat Perayre and clarinet with Ramón Sobrevies. When he was 16 he began his studies of the saxophone with Francesc Elias in the Superior Conservatory of Music of Barcelona. He studied oboe in the Conservatory on Music of Terrassa with Francesc Castillo, and harmony, arrangements and improvisation in the Aula of Music of Barcelona with Antonio Peral. He also studied harmony, choral singing, history and aesthetics of music, music forms, history of art, chamber music, accompaniment and acoustics in the Isaac Albéniz Conservatory on Music in Girona, obtaining the prize of honour in the 2nd course of chamber music.
He works as saxophone teacher in the music school L´Espill in Berga and in the Santa María school in Blanes.
He forms part of different groups and ensembles (Mercado Negro, Arcabuk, Combo Roda of Saxs, Background of Saxs), big-bands (Big-Band of the Aula of Music of Barcelona, Impuls Big-band), and has performed with chamber orchestras (Orchestra of the Cámara Catalana, Orchestra of the Cámara de Moldavia etc.), with Lluís Llach and different recordings as soloist on the oboe and saxophone. He participated as musician-actor in the musical work “Cabaret” directed by Jerôme Savary, first shown on the 4th of July 1992, in Barcelona.
Lluís Pujals began to paint when he was 8 years old, he has combined music with painting since he was a child. The first notions of painting were given to him by a painter from Berga (Angelina Capellera). When he was twelve he took part in a collective exhibition of painters from Berga. Due to his exclusive dedication to music he has continued studying Fine Arts on his own accord, knowing and practising the different styles and pictorial techniques, the concepts and tendencies of art.

</doc>
<doc id="20667713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667713" title="John B. McAuliffe">
John B. McAuliffe

John B. "Jack" McAuliffe was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Marquette University in 1916 and at Catholic University from 1925 to 1929, compiling a career college football record of 25–24–1.
Playing career.
McAuliffe played college football at Dartmouth College from 1913 to 1915 under head coach Frank Cavanaugh. He was the captain of the team in 1915. That season, McAuliffe was a second team selection by Walter Eckersall of the "Chicago Tribune" to the All-America Team.
Coaching career.
McAuliffe was the 11th head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for the 1916 season.
His coaching record at Marquette was 4 wins, 3 losses, and 1 tie. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him
13th at Marquette in total wins and ninth at Marquette in winning percentage (.563). He continued on at Marquette as an assistant to John J. Ryan in 1917 and 1918. After serving as line coach at his alma mater, Dartmouth, in 1924 under head coach Jesse Hawley, McAuliffe was appointed as head football coach at Catholic University in June 1925. He was living in Fitchburg, Massachusetts at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20667719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667719" title="John J. Ryan">
John J. Ryan

John Joseph "Jack" Ryan (April 3, 1886 – April 7, 1950) was an American football and basketball player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Marquette University from 1917 to 1921 and at the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1923 to 1924, compiling a career college football record of 33–11–9. Ryan was also the head basketball coach at Marquette from 1917 to 1920, tallying a mark of 13–9.
Early life and playing career.
Ryan was born on April 3, 1886 in Waterbury, Connecticut. He attended Dartmouth College, where he played football, basketball, and baseball. Ryan was captain of the Dartmouth Big Green football team in 1910.
Coaching career.
After graduating from Dartmouth in 1911, Ryan began his coaching career at St. Thomas College—now the University of St. Thomas—in Saint Paul, Minnesota, where he was hired as the school's first resident athletic coach. He moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1914 where he worked for a flour milling firm based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He joined the football team at Marquette University in 1916 as an advisory coach under fellow Dartmouth alumnus, John B. McAuliffe. Ryan replaced McAuliffe as head coach the following year, and held the post for five seasons, during which he compiled a record of 28–5–5. He returned to his alma mater in 1922 to serve as an assistant to Jackson Cannell.
In March 1923, Ryan was hired as the head football coach at the University of Wisconsin. He was also given the title of assistant professor an paid an annual salary of $6,000. Ryan helmed the Badgers football team for two seasons, tallying a mark of 5–6–4. He moved to Northwestern University in 1925 and worked as ends coach there for five seasons under Glenn Thistlethwaite and Dick Hanley. Ryan returned to Hanley's staff as an asssitant coach and scout in 1934, and continued on under Pappy Waldorf until 1939.
Later life and death.
Ryan served on the board of school directors in Milwaukee from 1940 until his death in that city in 1950. He died on April 7, 1950 at St. Mary's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20667733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667733" title="Antonín Dušek">
Antonín Dušek

Antonín Dušek (born April 8, 1986 in Havlíčkův Brod, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He plays forward for HC Liberec in the Czech Extraliga.
According to an interview with hokej.cz, he started to play ice hockey at 3 or 4 years old, on a lake in the town Ledeč nad Sázavou.

</doc>
<doc id="20667751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667751" title="104th meridian east">
104th meridian east

The meridian 104° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 104th meridian east forms a great circle with the 76th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 104th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20667752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667752" title="Starting Fires">
Starting Fires

Starting Fires is a song by the Canadian band Stabilo.
This B-Side single was originally released in limited quantities as an EMI Exclusive New Music Sampler on the same release date as the album "Happiness and Disaster" (April 4, 2006).
Starting Fires was released as a digital single in Canada on iTunesand Puretracks [http://www.puretracks.com/catalog/searchalbums.aspx?t=4&a=c351b749-b08a-4f73-af79-44668fe052e5 on April 15, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20667754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667754" title="Kjell Venås">
Kjell Venås

Kjell Venås (born 30 November 1927) is a Norwegian philologist.
He was born in Hemsedal, and took his dr.philos. degree in 1967. He spent most of his career at the University of Oslo; as a lecturer from 1970 to 1971 and professor from 1971 to 1997. Specializing in research about the Nynorsk language form, Venås has also been involved in the Norwegian Language Council. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of his most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20667759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667759" title="Thomas E. Stidham">
Thomas E. Stidham

Thomas E. "Tom" Stidham (March 25, 1905 – January 29, 1964) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at the University of Oklahoma from 1937 to 1940 and Marquette University from 1941 to 1945, compiling a career record of 47–30–5.
Coaching career.
Stidham was the head coach of the Oklahoma Sooners football program from 1937 to 1940. During his tenure there, he compiled a 27–8–3 (.750) record. His best season came in 1938, when his team went 10–1, losing only to Tennessee, 17–0, in the Orange Bowl.
Stidham was the 15th head football coach at Marquette University and he held that position for five seasons, from 1941 until 1945. His coaching record at Marquette was 20 wins, 22 losses, and 2 ties. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him fourth at Marquette in total wins and 11th at Marquette in winning percentage (.477).

</doc>
<doc id="20667775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667775" title="F. L. Ferzacca">
F. L. Ferzacca

Faust L. "Frosty" Ferzacca (January 29, 1908 – August 13, 2004) was an American football coach. He served as the head football coach at Marquette University from 1954 to 1955 and at Northern Michigan University from 1957 to 1965, compiling a career college football record of 55–37–4.
Coaching career.
Ferzacca was the 17th head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and he held that position for two seasons, from 1954 until 1955. His coaching record at Marquette was 5 wins, 11 losses, and 2 ties. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him 11th at Marquette in total wins and 16th at Marquette in winning percentage (.333).

</doc>
<doc id="20667792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667792" title="John F. Druze">
John F. Druze

John F. "Johnny" Druze (July 3, 1914 – December 27, 2005) was an American football offensive lineman and coach.
Playing career.
College.
In 1936, Tim Cohane, Fordham University's publicist, discovered a newspaper clipping from 1930 paying tribute to Fordham's linemen by calling them the Seven Blocks of Granite. Cohane revived the nickname for the Rams' 1936 and 1937 lines, and it was this second version that gained the greatest renown.
Druze, who was known as "Tarzan", was the right end. He was captain of the 1937 team and was also its placekicker.
The 1936 Rams finished 5–1–2 and lost a possible Rose Bowl bid when they were upset by New York University at Yankee Stadium, 7–6, in the season's final game.
"That was always a blood game", Druze told "Newsday" in 1986, referring to the rivalry. "Forget about the records. It was like Purdue and Notre Dame."
Fordham's 1936 team shut out three opponents and gave up only 33 points. The 1937 Rams were 7–0–1 and held five opponents scoreless.
Druze's best-known teammate on the Seven Blocks of Granite was Vince Lombardi, the Pro Football Hall of Fame coach of the Green Bay Packers, who played right guard. But Alex Wojciechowicz, the All-American center and later a Hall of Fame player with the Detroit Lions and Philadelphia Eagles, was the star of the Fordham line.
The other linemen were right tackle Al Babartsky, who later shortened his name to Bart, and was, by his recollection, the biggest block at 6 foot 1 and 220 pounds; left guard Nat Pierce; left tackle Ed Franco; and left end Leo Paquin.
The Seven Blocks of Granite were stars on the sports pages, and they certainly earned their acclaim. But the players were treated the same as all Fordham students. As Druze recalled a half-century later, "You hit the books, you're back on the field and you hit the books again."
NFL.
Druze was an 11th round (93rd overall) of the 1938 NFL Draft by the Brooklyn Dodgers. He played only that following season in the National Football League.
Coaching career.
Boston College.
Druze became an assistant to Frank Leahy at Boston College in 1939. Leahy had coached the Seven Blocks of Granite as an aide to Fordham's head coach, Jim Crowley, one of Notre Dame's Four Horsemen.
Notre Dame.
When Leahy became the Notre Dame head coach in 1941, Druze joined him as an assistant, and he became a mentor to Leon Hart, an end who won the 1949 Heisman Trophy.
Marquette.
Druze was the 18th head football coach at Marquette University located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He held that position for three seasons, from 1956 until 1958. His coaching record at Marquette was 2 wins, 26 losses, and 1 tie. Since Marquette has discontinued its football program, this ranks him 18th at Marquette in total wins and 18th at Marquette in winning percentage (.086).
Family.
Druze is survived by his wife, Rose; his daughters, Dottie Druze and Jody Faker; six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20667818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667818" title="United States Congress Joint Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies">
United States Congress Joint Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies

A Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies is a special committee formed every four years to manage presidential inaugurations.
A committee has been formed every four years since at least the 1901 inaugurations of President William McKinley and Vice President Theodore Roosevelt.
Membership.
The members are sitting members of the United States Senate and House of Representatives. Typically, the House members include the Speaker of the House as well as the House majority and minority leaders. The Senate members are drawn from the leadership of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration (previously known by other names). A senator acts as Chairman of the Joint Committee; the chairman is therefore drawn from the party in control of the Senate, which may or may not be the same party as the president-elect's. Membership in the committee gives its members the opportunity to control tickets to the inauguration ceremonies.
2013 inaugural.
In March 2012, the Senate passed , which established the joint committee for the inauguration to be held on January 21, 2013. The committee's chair is Senator Charles Schumer (D-New York), and the current ranking member is Senator Lamar Alexander (R-Tennessee).
Its full composition is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20667843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667843" title="Oregon Pacific Railroad (1997)">
Oregon Pacific Railroad (1997)

Oregon Pacific Railroad is a short-line railroad operating two disconnected routes: one in southeast Portland, Oregon, and the former Southern Pacific Molalla Branch between Canby and Liberal, Oregon.
History.
Dick Samuels, a local businessman owning a scrap steel business, purchased the rights to salvage the remnants of the Portland Traction Company's remaining freight railroad between Portland and Boring, Oregon. The Portland Terminal Railroad was once an interurban railroad but was owned 50/50 by the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific railroads since the mid-1950s to handle the remaining freight business along the road. By the mid-1980s the remaining freight business east of Milwaukie was virtually gone as local land uses shifted from farming and industrial to housing. Some of the last shipments along the railroad was TriMet's first light rail cars, delivered to its Ruby Junction shops which was located on a former Portland Traction Company branch line that had been abandoned years before.
Despite the loss of most business, there were still a handful of shippers in an industrial park located in the northern part of Milwaukie, along the Portland city boundary that continued to reliably ship by train. Mr. Samuels purchased the approximately five miles of track from Portland to Milwaukie and formed the East Portland Traction Company to continue rail service to these customers. Some of the customers include the Americold, Darigold, and the Oregon Liquor Control Commission.
In the mid-1990s the East Portland Traction Company ran an excursion train known as Samtrak (named after the owner as well as a play on Amtrak, the national passenger railroad company) and ran trains from OMSI to Portland's Sellwood neighborhood. The train itself was modest with a small General Electric 45-ton locomotive, an open-air coach made from an old flatcar and a converted former logging railroad caboose. While the excursion trains eventually stopped running, the Oregon Pacific Railroad continues to host special excursions featuring the popular Holiday Express trains using Southern Pacific 4449 and Spokane, Portland & Seattle 700 restored steam locomotives, as well as several speeder (motorcar) runs every year.
In 1993, the Oregon Pacific expanded its operations by leasing the Southern Pacific's Molalla Branch connecting Canby with Molalla. This approximately route serves several shippers within Canby as well as in the small community of Liberal. However a couple of miles of track into Molalla were abandoned after the loss of all shippers in the town. This operation was originally known as the Molalla Western Railroad, but after a few years both railroads were combined under the Oregon Pacific Railroad banner.
Today, the Oregon Pacific continues to operate its two railroads to provide freight service to its shippers. It also allows organizations or private individuals to charter a train, has operated trains featured in at least one movie and several television shows, and operates the popular Christmas time Holiday Express trains.

</doc>
<doc id="20667854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667854" title="SOFIX">
SOFIX

SOFIX is the first official index of the Bulgarian Stock Exchange, started on October 20, 2000. It represents a correlation of the sum of the market capitalization of the companies within the index portfolio on the current day and the sum of the market capitalization of the same on the previous day.
Composition.
At present (as of 22 March 2010) the index is composed of the following listings):

</doc>
<doc id="20667864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667864" title="Gharti Gaun">
Gharti Gaun

Gharti Gaun is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4105 people living in 734 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667866" title="Knut Robberstad">
Knut Robberstad

Knut Ingebrikt Robberstad (1899 in Askøy, Hordaland – 1981) was a Norwegian jurist and philologist.
Born in Askøy, he was a professor of jurisprudence at the University of Oslo from 1945 to 1969. His juridical publications include "Oreigningsvederlaget" (1968) and "Rettsutferd" (1969). A philologist who chaired Noregs Mållag from 1952 to 1957, he translated several documents from Old Norse, including "Magnus Lagabøters bylov" (1923), a law dating from the reign of Magnus IV of Norway, and "Gulatingslovi" (1937).

</doc>
<doc id="20667876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667876" title="Ghodagaun">
Ghodagaun

Ghodagaun is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2417 people living in 476 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667885" title="Gumchal">
Gumchal

Gumchal is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2893 people living in 539 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667887" title="Les Harris (producer)">
Les Harris (producer)

"For the British motorcycle specialist see" Les Harris (businessman)
Les Harris is a Canadian television and film producer.
In 1979, Harris cofounded Canamedia with Jane Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="20667891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667891" title="Paul Groesse">
Paul Groesse

Paul Groesse (28 February 1906 – 4 May 1987) was a Hungarian-born American art director. He won three Academy Awards and was nominated for another eight in the category Best Art Direction.
Academy Awards.
Groesse won three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated a further eight times in the same category:

</doc>
<doc id="20667893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667893" title="Harjang">
Harjang

Harjang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2011 people living in 360 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667899" title="Jailwang">
Jailwang

Jelbang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of northeastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2945 people living in 477 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667904" title="Gajul">
Gajul

Gajul is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4263 people living in 778 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667909" title="Balwantrai Bhatt">
Balwantrai Bhatt

Pandit Balwant Rai Bhatt is a noted Indian composer and musician of Hindustani vocal music. He is also known as "Bhavrang"(भावरंग).
Early life and background.
Balwant Rai Bhatt was born in Bhavnagar, Gujarat to Smt. Harkunvar and Shri Gulabrai Bhatt on 23 September 1921.
Career.
Bhatt is a disciple of Pandit Omkarnath Thakur of Gwalior Gharana. In 1950, he moved to Varanasi with his mentor setting up a music institution named Kala Sangeet Bharati at the Banaras Hindu University. He taught at the university for 31 years. The music institution grew and evolved through the years, and is now the Faculty of Performing Arts. 
Apart from being an educator, he is known as an exceptionally talented composer. He is considered a complete "Vaggeyakaar", one who composes both "Vak" or the word (couplets, poems) and the "Geya" (literally translated to singable) or the melody. He has a penchant for layakari, and many of his compositions incorporate intricate laya patterns. Many of his compositions have been published in book form as the three volumes of "Bhavrang Lahari". Bhavrang is his pen name.
Books.
He edited the Sangeetanjali series of books that were authored by Pandit Omkarnath Thakur. A 3-volume book series called Bhavrang Lahari (भावरंग ऻहरी) contains many of his compositions.
Awards.
Balwant Rai Bhatt has been awarded Padma Shri by the Government of India in 1990. He was awarded Sangeet Natak Akademi Puraskar in 2004. He was honored with the prestigious Kalidas Samman in the year 2007-08.
Students.
Damodar Hota
Veena Sahasrabuddhe
prof. chittaranjan jyotishi

</doc>
<doc id="20667910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667910" title="Lord Howe Pigeon">
Lord Howe Pigeon

The Lord Howe Pigeon (sometimes White-throated Pigeon), "Columba vitiensis godmanae", was a subspecies of the Metallic Pigeon which existed on Lord Howe Island. It went extinct in the 1850s.
Description.
The Lord Howe Pigeon was mostly brown, with a purple head and breast, and a white patch on its throat.
Ecology.
The bird was found in an arboreal habitat, particularly closed forests. Spread throughout the lowlands of Lord Howe Island, it is likely the species fed upon fruits and seeds.
Records.
Lord Howe Island was discovered in 1788. A written report was made Arthur Bowes, who landed on the island when the "Lady Penrhyn" stopped there in 1788. Parties from his ship collected many birds from the island, including many Lord Howe Pigeons, which they subsequently ate. The tameness of the birds made hunting particularly easy. The "Lady Penrhyn" had been travelling with the "Charlotte", and her Captain, Thomas Gilbert, wrote that he captured five or six dozen of the birds, almost all that he found. By breaking the legs of the birds and leaving them to cry, others were drawn to investigate, allowing his near complete capture.
In 1790, midshipman George Raper of the HMS "Sirius" produced a painting of the bird. Raper had never personally travelled to Lord Howe Island, but may have seen specimens of the Pigeon caught there and taken about the "Sirius" or another ship. Few reports of the bird's existence were made before its extinction. As no skins or specimens of the bird were ever obtained, Raper's painting, and a second painting, provide the only concrete evidence of the bird's existence.
Dr Foulis, who was a resident of the island from 1844 until 1847, recorded the bird as being the only bird of value on the island. At this time the island's population was only 16 humans, but the Lord Howe Pigeon was soon extinct.
The species was driven to extinction in the mid-19th century. Hunting by humans is believed to be the likely cause of extinction. The last recorded sighting of the bird took place in 1853. No specimens were collected before extinction. The species was described by Gregory Mathews in 1915, using Raper's painting as a guide. At the time, he named it "Raperia godmanae", but it was eventually reclassified as a subspecies of "Columba vitiensis".

</doc>
<doc id="20667916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667916" title="Tipsport">
Tipsport

Tipsport is the largest betting agency in the Czech Republic. Based in Beroun, it has almost 1000 branches across the country. In recent years Tipsport has met with more competition, notably from Fortuna and from illegal online betting sites.
Sponsoring.
Tipsport has sponsored the Extraliga (first ice hockey league), the two Tipsport Arenas (Tipsport Arena (built 1962) and Tipsport Arena (built 2005)), as well as Slovak Extraliga- TipsportExtraliga SK.

</doc>
<doc id="20667934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667934" title="Enhanced water">
Enhanced water

Enhanced water is a category of beverages that are marketed as water, but which contain additional ingredients, ranging from natural or artificial flavors, sugar, sweeteners, vitamins, minerals and other "enhancements." Most enhanced waters are lower in calories per ounce than non-diet soft drinks. Pepsi and Coca-Cola and other companies market enhanced water. The marketing of enhanced water usually capitalizes on the healthful image of water combined with the perceived health, taste or functional benefits of one or more additional ingredients.
Vitaminwater contains 33 grams of sugar per bottle, and its maker Coca-Cola is being sued by the Center for Science in the Public Interest. The suit alleges that the marketing of the drink as a "healthful alternative" to soda is deceptive and in violation of Food and Drug Administration guidelines. The consumer group states that "according to CSPI nutritionists, the 33 grams of sugar in each bottle of Vitaminwater do more to promote obesity, diabetes and other health problems than the vitamins in the drinks do to perform the advertised benefits listed on the bottles". Coca-Cola criticized the suit as "ridiculous," on the grounds that "no consumer could reasonably be misled into thinking Vitaminwater was a healthy beverage" and that the suit was an attempt by the group to increase its readership. In 2013, a federal judge ruled that the lawsuit could move forward as a class-action lawsuit.
A 2009 study found that "Americans now get nearly 25 percent of their calories from liquids."
American market.
Bottled water was introduced to the United States by television commercial in 1977. After the television commercial, bottled water sales increased by 3,000 percent from the year 1976 to the year 1979. In the year 2004, Americans spent $9 billion on bottled water. Many companies produce enhanced bottled water in the United States. The enhanced water category of beverage continues to grow in volume every year, and was the fastest-growing segment of the still beverage category. In 2001, flavored and enhanced water sales estimated $80 million and 2002 proved even more successful with $245 million in sales. The U.S. wholesale market for enhanced water was $170 million in 2004.
Enhanced waters vary from zero-calorie beverages certified organic and flavored with natural herb extracts, such as Ayala's Herbal Water, to the Glaceau brands of beverages owned by The Coca-Cola Company. Coca-Cola bought the maker of Glaceau Vitaminwater, Energy Brands Inc., in May 2007 at a cost of $4.1 billion to lessen the gap between itself and Pepsi on the market of enhanced water. This was the largest purchase in the history of Coca-Cola. Pepsi owns several brands of enhanced water such as Sobe life water, Sobe life water zero, Propel, and Aquafina Flavorsplash. Coca-Cola owns the brand Glaceau which owns the SmartWater, Vitamin Water, and Vitamin Water Zero, while Coca-cola also owns the Dasani brands of flavored water.
Ingredients.
Ingredients used as enhancements in the water include hydroxycitric acid, chromium, epigallocatechin gallate, potassium, vitamin C, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12.

</doc>
<doc id="20667936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667936" title="Jaimakasala">
Jaimakasala

Jaimakasala is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2626 people living in 491 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667942" title="Jankot">
Jankot

Jankot is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2553 people living in 500 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667949" title="Sverdlovsk">
Sverdlovsk

Sverdlovsk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20667955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667955" title="Jauli Pokhari">
Jauli Pokhari

Jaulipokhari is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3555 people living in 654 individual households.There are 9 ward no. 1,2 & 3 is lamidanda, 4 is danchot, 5 is Ramli, 6 is Lapal, 7,8 & 9 is uma. 

</doc>
<doc id="20667963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667963" title="Jedwang">
Jedwang

Jedwang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3168 people living in 591 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667964" title="Jhenam">
Jhenam

Jhenam is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5307.

</doc>
<doc id="20667972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667972" title="Jinawang">
Jinawang

Jinawang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3822 people living in 615 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667976" title="Jungar, Nepal">
Jungar, Nepal

Jungar is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4087 people living in 716 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667980" title="Church of the Multiplication">
Church of the Multiplication

The Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fishes, shortened to ("The Church of the Multiplication"), is a Roman Catholic church located in Tabgha, on the northwest shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel. The modern church rests on the site of two earlier churches.
History.
The earliest recording of a church commemorating Jesus' feeding of five thousand is by the Spanish pilgrim Egeria "circa" 380.
""Not far away from there (Capernaum) are some stone steps where the Lord stood. And in the same place by the sea is a grassy field with plenty of hay and many palm trees. By them are seven springs, each flowing strongly. And this is the field where the Lord fed the people with the five loaves and two fishes. In fact the stone on which the Lord placed the bread has now been made into an altar. Past the walls of this church goes the public highway on which the Apostle Matthew had his place of custom. Near there on a mountain is a cave to which the Savior climbed and spoke the Beatitudes.""
The church was significantly enlarged around the year 480 with floor mosaics also added at this time. These renovations are attributed to the patriarch Matryrios. In 614 Persians destroyed the original Byzantine church and the exact site of the shrine was lost for some 1,300 years. In 1888 the site was acquired by the German catholic society "(Deutsche Katholische Palaestinamission)" which was associated with the Archdiocese of Cologne. An initial archeological survey was conducted in 1892, with full excavations beginning in 1932. These excavations resulted in the discovery of mosaic floors from the 5th-century church, which was also found to be built on the foundations of a much smaller 4th-century chapel. The current church was built to the same floor plan as the 5th-century Byzantine church. Since 1939 it has been administered by the Benedictine order as a daughter-house of the Dormition Abbey in Jerusalem.
Interior.
Layout.
The interior of the church has a central nave and two aisles. The sanctuary is backed by an apse with transepts on either side. Under the altar is a block of limestone found during excavation, that is venerated as the stone on which the miraculous meal was laid.
Mosaics.
One of the main highlights of the church are its restored 5th century mosaics. These mosaics are the earliest known examples of figured pavement in Christian art in the Holy Land. The mosaics in the two transepts depict various wetland birds and plants, with a prominent place given to the lotus flower. This flower, which is not indigenous to the area, suggests the artists use of a Nilotic landscape popular in Roman and early-Byzantine art. All the other motifs depict plants and animals from the Galilee. The mosaics found in front of the altar depict two fish flanking a basket containing loaves of bread.
Fifth Century Remains.
Also preserved in the modern church are the sill of the left entrance to the atrium, basalt paving stones, and part of the apse frieze. The foundations of the original 4th-century church can also be seen under a glass panel to the right of the altar. Basalt presses and a font are also displayed in the courtyard.

</doc>
<doc id="20667987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667987" title="Ståle Eskeland">
Ståle Eskeland

Ståle Eskeland (born 1943) is a Norwegian jurist.
Born in Stavanger, he took the cand.jur. degree in 1970 and the dr.juris degree in 1988. He was an associate professor in the sociology of law for some time, and has also worked in the Norwegian Ministry of Justice, the Norwegian Pollution Control Authority and the Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority. In 1990 he was appointed professor of jurisprudence at the University of Oslo. His juridical publications include "Den psykiatriske pasient og loven" (1983, 1994), "Fangerett" (1989), "Økonomiske forbrytelser og straff" (co-ed., 1994), "Grunnloven og Schengensamarbeidet" (1997) and "Strafferett" (2000).
He is also known to the general public as a proponent to retry the case of Fredrik Fasting Torgersen.

</doc>
<doc id="20667988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667988" title="Karchawang">
Karchawang

Karchawang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2874 people living in 566 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20667991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20667991" title="CHSC">
CHSC

CHSC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20668000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668000" title="Kareti">
Kareti

Kareti is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1808 people living in 380 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668008" title="Khumel">
Khumel

Khumel is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2439 people living in 449 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668026" title="Khungri">
Khungri

Khungri is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3564 people living in 695 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668035" title="Samir El Gaaouiri">
Samir El Gaaouiri

Samir El Gaaouiri (born 28 May 1984) is a Dutch football winger who currently plays for INSEE Police United. 
Career.
El Gaaouiri began his professional career in 2001 at Fortuna Sittard. The first season he played very few games, but in the next couple of seasons he played 48 matches, in which he scores 5 goals. FC Utrecht signed him in 2004 as their new hope for the future. He only played 8 matches, though, and therefore he signed with FC Volendam, where he played all 38 matches and scored 11 goals. Unluckily for FC Volendam he was only hired, and he had to go back to FC Utrecht. Because there were no chances of playing for FC Utrecht, he went to HFC Haarlem on loan. There, he played 28 matches and scored only 3 goals. Since 2007, he has been playing for VVV-Venlo, where he has hit his good form. He is currently on trial at N-power League one club AFC Bournemouth.

</doc>
<doc id="20668039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668039" title="Kotgaun">
Kotgaun

Kotgaun is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3335 people living in 307 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668048" title="Kureli">
Kureli

Kureli is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3024.

</doc>
<doc id="20668060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668060" title="Masina, Rapti">
Masina, Rapti

Masina is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3881 people living in 719 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668064" title="See You in Hell">
See You in Hell

See You in Hell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20668068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668068" title="Walton School of Auctioneering">
Walton School of Auctioneering

The Walton School of Auctioneering is an auction school located near Cleveland, Ohio. Many states have licensing laws that require individuals seeking licensure as an auctioneer to complete a course of study at an approved auction school as part of their qualifications to become licensed to practice in that state. Many of these states also have apprenticeship and testing requirements (both written and oral) that must be met in order for an applicant to become licensed. The Walton School of Auctioneering provides approved instruction for Ohio, Alabama, South Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, and Florida.
History.
The Walton School of Auctioneering was opened in 1989 and is a subsidiary of Walton & Associates Inc. Walton is the oldest operating auction school in Ohio, and focuses on teaching the business of auctioneering. The school emphasizes the basics of education as required by state licensing agencies as well as information on starting out in the business. Class sizes are limited to 20 students per class to allow instructors to focus on the students. The Walton School of Auctioneering is Ohio's largest auction school, with over 800 graduates. The Walton School of Auctioneering is headquartered in Medina, Ohio (approx. 30 miles West of Akron, Ohio and 30 miles South of Cleveland).
Curriculum.
The Walton School of Auctioneering curriculum is structured to meet state licensing requirements and help students get off to a fast start in the profession by teaching basic skills in the following 14 areas:
Terms are held quarterly, typically in February, June, September, and December. Students have attended the school from 17 states and three countries. Some have won top bid calling honors in state competitions or work on highly regarded television programs such as Antiques Roadshow and History Detectives.
Continuing education.
The Walton School of Auctioneering provides continuing education classes for auctioneers. All graduates receive free lifetime scholarships to attend any portion or all sessions in any future class. Many graduate apprentices prepare for their upcoming state auctioneers exams by revisiting the law review portion of class prior to sitting for their exams.

</doc>
<doc id="20668073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668073" title="Mijhing">
Mijhing

Mijhing is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4391 people living in 828 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668081" title="Robert Usher">
Robert Usher

Robert Usher (27 February 1901 – 23 July 1990) was an American art director. He was nominated for three Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Usher was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20668083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668083" title="Nuwagaun">
Nuwagaun

Nuwagaun is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3725 people living in 689 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668092" title="Pachhawang">
Pachhawang

Pachhawang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4581 people living in 695 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668131" title="Mircea Ionescu-Quintus">
Mircea Ionescu-Quintus

Mircea Ionescu-Quintus (; born 18 March 1917 in Kherson, Ukraine) is a Romanian politician, former Senator and Minister of Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="20668137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668137" title="Florence Fleming Noyes">
Florence Fleming Noyes

Florence Fleming Noyes (1871-1928) was an American classical dancer. 
Biography.
In 1912 she opened her first dance studio in Carnegie Hall and in 1913 she dressed as Liberty at the Capitol in Washington, D.C. as part of a living tableaux to bring publicity for the cause of women's right to vote. In 1921 she founded two dance camps in Portland, Connecticut. They were the Shepherd's Nine for women, and the Junio. She died in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="20668141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668141" title="Pakhapani, Rapti">
Pakhapani, Rapti

Pakhapani is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4581 people living in 695 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668146" title="Pang, Rapti">
Pang, Rapti

Pang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3793 people living in 311 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668156" title="Rangkot">
Rangkot

Rangkot is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3180 people living in 565 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668165" title="Rangsi, Rolpa">
Rangsi, Rolpa

Rangsi is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4000 people living in 745 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668178" title="Per Brandtzæg">
Per Brandtzæg

Per Brandtzæg (born 9 June 1936) is a Norwegian physician.
He is a professor of medicine at the University of Oslo. In November 2006 he was proclaimed Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in recognition of his work. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
He is also known to the general public as a proponent to retry the case of Fredrik Fasting Torgersen.

</doc>
<doc id="20668180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668180" title="Rank, Nepal">
Rank, Nepal

Rank is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4442 people living in 665 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668183" title="Elana Meyers">
Elana Meyers

Elana Meyers (born October 10, 1984) is an American bobsledder who has competed since 2007. Born in Oceanside, California, Meyers was raised in Douglasville, Georgia and is a graduate of The George Washington University, where she was a member of the Softball team.
Career.
Meyers won the silver in the bobsled two-woman event with Shauna Rohbock at the 2009 FIBT World Championships in Lake Placid, New York.
She was named to the US team for the 2010 Winter Olympics on January 16, 2010.
On February 24, 2010 Meyers along with Erin Pac won the bronze medal at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games. Their first run has a time of 53.28. Their second run has a time of 53.05. Their third run has a time of 53.29. Their fourth run has a time of 53.78 for a total of 3:33.40 a difference of +1.12 from first place.
Meyers and brake-woman Katie Eberling placed second at the 2013 FIBT World Championships in St. Moritz .
On February 19, 2014 Meyers along with Lauryn Williams won the silver medal at the 2014 Winter Olympic Games. Their first run has a time of 57.26, a track record. Their second run has a time of 57.63. Their third run has a time of 57.69. Their fourth run has a time of 58.13 for a total of 3:50.71 a difference of +0.10 from first place, just edged out by rival Canada 1, piloted by Kaillie Humphries and braked by Heather Moyse.

</doc>
<doc id="20668185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668185" title="Ivan Ângelo">
Ivan Ângelo

Ivan Ângelo (born February 4, 1936, in Barbacena, Minas Gerais province) is a Brazilian writer who has worked as a novelist, short-story writer, and journalist. He won the Prêmio Jabuti for his books "A festa" ("The Celebration") and "Amor?" and has received awards from the Association of Art Critics of São Paulo for "A face horrivel" and "Pode me beijar se quiser". He is the former editor of the "Jornal da Tarde" and has written a regular column for the weekly São Paulo newsmagazine "Veja" since 1999. He has also lectured at Yale University.

</doc>
<doc id="20668187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668187" title="World Series of Football (1902–03)">
World Series of Football (1902–03)

The World Series of Football was a series of football games played indoors at New York City's Madison Square Garden in 1902 and 1903. It originally comprised five teams, four from New York state and one from New Jersey. While none of the teams was really considered the best in the country, historians refer to the affair as a "World Series". However, it was hardly a series in the sense of two strong teams playing each other over several games. In fact, no team played another more than once and the team pairings were also considered odd. Under the 1902 system, the anticipated second-place team was automatically swept into the championship game without even playing a down while the expected first-place finisher had to fight its way through the brackets, effectively creating a cross between a traditional tournament and a "gauntlet-style" tournament for the first-place team.
The series is best remembered for showcasing the first indoor professional football game in 1902.
History.
Origins.
The league was the idea of Tom O'Rourke, who was the manager of the Gardens at the time. He needed an event to draw people to the Gardens in late December, which was a slow time of the year for sporting events. Basketball and hockey were not yet major sports in New York, so O'Rourke decided to play host a series of indoor football games. He decided to invite several professional and college teams to the Gardens for the series. Tom O'Rourke envisioned a series of games, showcasing the best in college and pro teams, eventually leading to one climactic game, crowning the "champion of the world." 
1902.
Finding teams.
O'Rourke had a tough time finding teams to play in the tournament. The colleges refused due to increased pressure from the Amateur Athletic Association to stop participating in professional games. Also the Pittsburgh Stars, Philadelphia Phillies and Philadelphia Athletics, along with the first National Football League, had all disbanded. The Watertown Red and Blacks, who were the top team in New York state at the time (and one of the few teams of the era that still exists today) also refused the series. For reasons not fully known, the best team in the nascent Ohio League, the Akron East Ends, were not invited. This left four teams to compete in the tournament: the Syracuse Athletic Club, the Knickerbocker Athletic Club, the Warslow Athletic Club and the Orange Athletic Club. O'Rourke did finally get a fifth team to join the series when some players from the Phillies and Athletics got together and formed was called the "New York" team. In calling them the "New York" team, O'Rourke expected to give his patrons the pleasure of watching a "home team" win. The team was made up of eight Phillies and four Athletics that included A's coach Charles "Blondy" Wallace and Phillies coach Ben Roller.
The field.
Madison Square Garden had to be redone to accommodate the teams. The wooden flooring of the arena was removed and replaced by an earthen surface. During the event the goal lines were only 70 yards apart and the playing field was only 35 yards wide. The earthen surface also became sticky as the game progressed and made for some tough maneuvering, while the stands were right up to the playing field and proved to be a physical hazard. The kicking game was also drastically affected. In a game on a normal field the team with the longest punts had the advantage. However the Gardens proved to be a dream for a weak punter due to the field size. The arena wall was right on the edge of the field, presenting a serious hazard for any sideline plays. One player reportedly knocked himself out of the tournament by running into the wall on the opening kickoff.
O'Rouke's planned schedule.
The tournament was scheduled to last three nights starting on December 29 and ending on New Years Eve. O'Rourke scheduled his tournament by considering the expected strengths of the teams. On opening night he scheduled the "New York" team against Syracuse. By defeating Syracuse the "New York" team, O'Rouke hoped, would defeat the team that would probably bring the fewest fans into the Garden. Then on the second night the Knickerbockers and Warlow would play to determined which team would be beaten by the "New York" team in the series third game. O'Rourke anticipated the this game as having the best attendance of the tournament. Finally the fourth game, by holding out the Orange Athletic Club until the end, he predicted a New York versus New Jersey match-up in which New Jersey would lose a close game to one of the three New York teams.
Outcome.
However, O'Rourke did not realize how seriously the Syracuse team would take the tournament. Prior to the start of the series Syracuse signed three running backs from Watertown, along with Bemus and Hawley Pierce from the Carlisle Indian School and Bill Warner and his brother Glenn. The team was put together by Frank "Buck" O'Neill who conducted daily practices in preparation for the series.
Syracuse defeated "New York" in what has been called the first indoor pro football game. The final score of the game was recorded as 6-0, but in reality it was 5-0 since touchdowns only counted for five points in 1902 and Pop Warner missed the extra point. Warner later suffered a head injury and was replaced by Blondy Wallace from the "New York" team later in the series. The Knickerbockers defeated Warlow the next night 11-6. Syracuse defeated the Knickerbockers 36-0 on New Year's Eve. The finale on New Year's night against Orange resulted in another 36-0 win, and the series championship, for Syracuse.
1903.
Plans.
O'Rourke planned another series for 1903. This year he planned a round-robin tournament of the top football clubs in the area, a high school all-star game, bicycle races, and a Gaelic football match. The end result would be fifteen football games during a span of six days at the Garden. The 1903 attendees included Oreos Athletic Club from Asbury Park, New Jersey; the returning-champions, the Orange Athletic Club; and the Franklin Athletic Club from Pennsylvania. The Watertown Red and Black, which refused entry into the tournament in 1902, put up $2000 in prize money ($1,250 for first place, $750 for second). Blondy Wallace also returned to the series, this time as a member of the Franklin team.
The field.
The playing surface of the Gardens for the 1903 series was still 70 yards. However the surface itself was also improved upon. Dirt was trucked into the Gardens and steamrolled into a more natural surface.
Results.
On December 14, 1903, the Olympic Athletic Club defeated Knickerbocker Athletic Club 6-0. For that night's second game the Watertown Red and Black defeated the Oreo Athletic Club by a score of 5-0. The game's only score came on a controversial touchdown call, by the referee, in the second half of the game. Fighting and rioting soon broke out between the Oreos and Watertown fans, before being contained by the New York Police Department. In other games the Franklin defeated Orange 12-0 on December 15, Orange defeated the Oreos 22-0 on December 18 and Watertown defeated Orange 11-0 on December 19.
Franklin and Watertown became the two top teams for the 1903 series. Watertown narrowly won the opening game against Oreo by a score of 6-0. While Franklin came out the victor against Orange 16-0 amid various calls of rough play and fighting. Two nights later Franklin and Watertown featured in the championship game. Many Watertown fans bet between $100 to $500 a clip on their team. However Franklin won the game 12-0. With that win Franklin's betters brought home over $4,000 in winnings. According to Dr. Harry March's, often inaccurate book "", Frank Hinkey was a referee at the event. March states the officials during the series "were dressed in full evening dress, from top hats down to white gloves and patent leather shoes." During the last play of the series in a game between Franklin and the Watertown the Franklin players knew they had the game in hand. As a result the Franklin backfield agreed to run over the clean and sharply dressed Hinkley purposely in jest, knocking him into the dirt. Hinkley took the incident in good nature and Franklin's management agreed to pay his cleaning bill.
End of the series.
O'Rourke cancelled the event after the 1903 series. He was largely disappointed by the lack of attendance at the series. The largest crowd over six days was only 2,500, which was for a high school football game. Today the uniform worn from Harry Mason from the Syracuse Athletic Club is on display at the Pro Football Hall of Fame. The Orange Athletic Club would evolve into the Orange Tornadoes (and later Newark Tornadoes) of the National Football League in 1929 and 1930. The team later folded as the Orlando Panthers of the Continental Football League in 1971. The Watertown Red & Black still exists today as members of the semi-pro Empire Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="20668190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668190" title="La Cucaracha (1998 film)">
La Cucaracha (1998 film)

La Cucaracha is a 1998 American film directed by Jack Perez and starring Eric Roberts and Joaquim de Almeida. The film follows the story of Walter Pool (Eric Roberts), a down on his luck wannabe novelist, who receives an offer of $100,000 to kill an alleged child killer. Walter needs the money desperately for many reasons, not the least of which is the fact that he is infatuated with a local woman and he feels as though he has nothing to offer to her. He accepts the offer only to find out that the task of killing another human being is much more difficult than he thought, especially when it turns out that his intended victim is not really a child killer.
The film premiered on May 14, 1998 at the Austin Film Festival where it won the Feature Film Award. 
Although the film earned less than $15,000, it received some positive reviews scoring 67% as of February 9, 2010 on the aggregate review website Rotten Tomatoes. Film critic Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" awarded "La Cucaracha" three stars out of four calling it an "intriguing, stylish little film". Marc Savlov of "The Austin Chronicle" awarded the film three and a half stars praising "McManus' brilliant screenplay" and calling the film a "minor gem".

</doc>
<doc id="20668193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668193" title="Sakhi, Nepal">
Sakhi, Nepal

Sakhi is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2798 people living in 525 individual households.
To Promote local culture Sakhi has one FM radio station Radio Sunchhahari F.M - 101.5 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20668206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668206" title="Seram, Nepal">
Seram, Nepal

Seram is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1892 people living in 355 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668210" title="Sirpa">
Sirpa

Sirpa is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5258 people living in 963 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668219" title="Siuri, Nepal">
Siuri, Nepal

Siuri is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1659 people living in 303 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668231" title="Talawang">
Talawang

Talawang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4686 people living in 846 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668239" title="Metopochetus">
Metopochetus

Metopochetus is a genus of stilt-legged fly. "Crus" is a subgenus. Species within "Metopochetus" are:

</doc>
<doc id="20668241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668241" title="Tewang">
Tewang

Tewang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2127 people living in 370 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668249" title="Matchless Silver Streak">
Matchless Silver Streak

The Matchless Silver Streak was a British motorcycle launched in 1938 and described in the sales brochure as the 'aristocrats of the motor-cycle world'. Produced with a choice of 250 cc, 350 cc and 500 cc engines, the Silver Streaks were super sport machines with a special polished finish and hand tuned engines. As many parts as possible were specially chrome plated, including the mudguards, headlamp, fork links, front and rear chain cases, oil and petrol tanks and even the tool-box.
The Silver Streak had high ground clearance and a substantial crankcase shield which made it a good competition motorcycle. A low bottom gear made it useful for cross country and close ratios made it a fast road bike. 

</doc>
<doc id="20668254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668254" title="Thawang">
Thawang

Thawang is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3867 people living in 785 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668268" title="2006 Grand National">
2006 Grand National

The 2006 Grand National (known as the John Smith's Grand National for sponsorship reasons) was the 159th official annual running of the Grand National steeplechase which took place at Aintree near Liverpool, England, on 8 April 2006 and attracted the maximum permitted field of forty competitors for total prize money of £689,360 including £399,140 to the winner.
11-1 Irish shot Numbersixvalverde, ridden by Niall 'Slippers' Madden, won the race, ahead of 5-1 joint-favourite and the previous year's winner Hedgehunter in second place. The other joint-favourite, Clan Royal, was deemed third in a photo finish ahead of Nil Desperandum at 33-1. Nine of the forty runners completed the course, the fewest since 2001.
Runners and betting.
Clan Royal was the long-time ante-post favourite with the public on the back of finishing second in 2004 and being carried out while leading in 2005, as well as being partnered with champion jockey Tony McCoy. But significant money on race day went on the 2005 winner Hedgehunter who was again to be partnered by Ruby Walsh. The pair went off as joint-favourites while other popular choices among the public were Racing Post Chase winner Innox from France, Garvivonnian, the winner of the Becher Chase over one circuit of the National course five months earlier, 2005 Betfred Gold Cup winner Jack High, 2005 Irish Grand National winner Numbersixvalverde, and the grey Ross Comm, considered to have been underestimated in the handicap by 10 lbs. 
The race.
There was one false start when Ross Comm tried to bite the tape as it went to rise. The runners were recalled and got away at the second attempt despite the calls from Conor O'Dwyer that his mount Native Upmanship was not ready, being left twenty lengths adrift at the start. Shotgun Willy led over the first fence which claimed Juveigneur, Whispered Secret, Tyneandthyneagain, last year's runner up Royal Auclair and the highly-fancied Innox, while the fences leading to the sixth, Becher's Brook, also ended the hopes of Baron Windrush at the third, Ross Comm at the fourth and Ebony Light at the fifth, with Just In Debt failing to negotiate the famous sixth.
Shotgun Willy was headed at the Canal Turn by the tighter jump of Ballycassidy but it was Puntal who moved to the front at the ninth (Valentine's) and led the field back to the racecourse minus Le Duc who had unseated his rider back at the Turn.
Thirty of the original forty starters continued onto the racecourse to The Chair, where Jack High, Silver Birch and Heros Collonges all came to grief. Garvivonnian also blundered there and was pulled up before taking the next, the Water Jump, which marks the end of the first circuit.
Ballycassidy and Puntal had enjoyed a lead of about six lengths on the first circuit but the former began to draw away from the latter and the rest of the field on the run to Becher's for the second time. Behind, Lord Of Illusion, Iris Royal, Shotgun Willy, Cornish Rebel, Le Roi Miguel, Direct Access and Amberleigh House all pulled up with Haut De Gamme falling at the 20th fence.
Becher's itself claimed tail-ender Sir Oj and the Foinavon fence saw the tiring First Gold unseat his rider, to leave sixteen runners still in the contest as the field turned at the Canal for the second time.
Ballycassidy still led by four lengths at this point, with only the struggling Rince Ri and Iznogoud too far behind to challenge.
The leader hesitated at Valentine's however and fell to leave Hedgehunter leading the still tightly-packed survivors back towards the finish while behind him the 27th fence was far enough for Native Upmanship and Rince Ri who both refused after seeing Therealbandit, Iznogoud and Colonel Rayburn all pulled up. It Takes Time also called it a day after taking the third-last flight to leave nine runners still in the race.
The long run towards the second-last fence paid for Joe's Edge and Forest Gunner, while Hedgehunter, Clan Royal and Numbersixvalverde jumped abreast with their three rivals still tucked in behind. Inca Trail and Risk Accessor were both beaten by the last fence which Numbersixvalverde jumped just ahead of Hedgehunter and Clan Royal, with Nil Desperandum still in touch in fourth. 
Numbersixvalverde was now pushed out to take the run-in, and reached the elbow one-and-a-half lengths up on Hedgehunter with equal distances to Nil Desperandum and Clan Royal. From there on the leader increased his advantage over the other three to win by six lengths. Hedgehunter came in second and Clan Royal was given third in a photo finish ahead of Nil Desperandum in fourth.
Aftermath.
Winning jockey Niall 'Slippers' Madden said that he had been given a dream ride all the way but was not actually sure he had won until he crossed the line, despite believing that he would win a long way from home. The second, Ruby Walsh, third, Tony McCoy and fourth, Tom Treacy, riders all agreed that the rain the previous day had gone against their runners, despite all believing that they would win crossing the Melling Road to turn for the second last flight. Fifth-placed Noel Fehily also believed he was going to win on Risk Accessor crossing the Melling Road but confessed that his mount did not get the trip. Barry Geraghty felt that Puntal's chance went when hitting the 20th fence very hard, which winded him slightly before rallying to pick up stragglers late on. The other three riders to complete the course were all delighted to complete the race, while each stated that their mounts were well beaten by two fences out. 
Of those that did not complete the course only one rider, Tony Dobbin, pulled up because the horse, Direct Access, was not enjoying it, while Jason Maguire was forced to pull up Lord of Illusion when the horse bled. J. P. McNamara felt he was unlucky to be unseated from Heros Collonges at The Chair because his horse was baulked while Andrew McNamara confessed that Rince Ri was stopped by a loose horse falling into the ditch in front of him rather than actually refusing. Leighton Aspell was the only rider to exit the race while lying in the first half dozen when long-time leader Ballycassidy fell but he stopped short of saying that he felt they would win, merely feeling that they deserved to get round after their front running performance.
Tyneandthyneagain continued riderless after falling at the first fence until he fell into the open ditch along the canal side. Upon being returned to the stables he was found to have a serious spinal injury and had to be euthanised. 2004 winner Amberleigh House was retired after the race.
Stephen Craine was taken to hospital with a broken collarbone after his fall from Ebony Light, while Paul Carberry suffered a sprained ankle after his fall from Sir Oj.
Coverage.
The race was broadcast live on BBC television and radio. The television coverage was as a "Grandstand" special for the 47th consecutive year. The televising of the race included cameras inside the first fence and three inside jockey's caps (Christian Williams on Royal Auclair, Leighton Aspell on Ballycassidy and Sam Thomas on Silver Birch). The programme was presented by Sue Barker and Clare Balding with summary from Richard Pitman, Peter Scudamore and Norman Williamson. John Parrott and Rishi Persad interviewed spectators and celebrity racegoers on course with Angus Loughran reviewing the betting market. The race commentary team was Ian Bartlett, Tony O'Hehir, Darren Owen and lead commentator Jim McGrath who called the runners home for the ninth year. 
Prior to the race, nineteen leading racing correspondents were asked to pick their top four. Only one, the BBC website's 'Honest Frank' correctly predicted the winner.
Jockeys.
For the sixth consecutive year, Carl Llewellyn was the senior citizen of the weighing room, becoming only the sixth rider to weigh out for his 16th Grand National, including the void race of 1993 in which he took part. Llewellyn retired before the end of the year though he did briefly consider returning for a 17th crack at the race in 2008. 
Seven riders made their debut including Niall Madden who became the twenty-first rider to win the race at the first attempt as well as the first in the 21st century. Nina Carberry also completed the course while Stephen Craine, Sam Thomas, Liam Heard, Andrew McNamara and Keith Mercer all failed to reach the finishing post.
References.
Official BBC coverage of the 2006 Grand National

</doc>
<doc id="20668270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668270" title="Franklin Manor-on-the-Bay, Maryland">
Franklin Manor-on-the-Bay, Maryland

Franklin Manor-on-the-Bay is a unincorporated community or populated place (Class Code U6) located in Anne Arundel County, Maryland at latitude 38.802 and longitude -76.515. The elevation is 3 feet. Franklin Manor-on-the-Bay appears on the Deale U.S. Geological Survey Map. Anne Arundel County is in the Eastern time zone (GMT -5).

</doc>
<doc id="20668276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668276" title="Uwa, Nepal">
Uwa, Nepal

Uwa is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3786 people living in 758 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668282" title="Wadachaur">
Wadachaur

Wadachaur is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4066 people living in 450 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668286" title="Robert Peterson (art director)">
Robert Peterson (art director)

Robert Peterson (August 15, 1909 – January 10, 1979) was an American art director. He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Arizona". He died at the age of 69 in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20668294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668294" title="Hwama">
Hwama

Hwama (Nepali: , ) -- also transliterated to "Whama" -- is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4106.

</doc>
<doc id="20668304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668304" title="Sultan Al-Bishi">
Sultan Al-Bishi

Sultan Al-Bishi (Arabic: سلطان البيشي; born 28 January 1990) is a football (soccer) player who currently plays as a right defender for Al-Hilal.

</doc>
<doc id="20668308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668308" title="Zatopeks">
Zatopeks

Zatopeks are a British pop punk band who formed in the United Kingdom in 2001; several band members played together in the band called 3½ Inch Floppy founded in 1999 at Birmingham University. They released their first album (Ain't Nobody Left But Us, 2005) on Stardumb Records, and their sophomore effort (Damn Fool Music, 2007) on Household Name Records in the United Kingdom, and Whoa Oh Records in the US. Their early sound was a blend of Lookout! Records style pop punk with cultural references to early rock n' roll, but since then the group's approach has diversified to include other styles such as folk music and they have also been compared to early punk bands such as the Buzzcocks and The Undertones. After having seen them performing live, Lookout! Records founder Larry Livermore called them "one of the best bands in the world". In December 2013 the band released their third album, About Bloody Time, on It's Alive Records (USA), Monster Zero Records (Europe) and East Beat Records (former Soviet Union).

</doc>
<doc id="20668309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668309" title="Wot, Nepal">
Wot, Nepal

Wot is a village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3419 people living in 608 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668325" title="Treponema carateum">
Treponema carateum

Treponema carateum is a "Treponema" species.
It is the cause of pinta.

</doc>
<doc id="20668346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668346" title="Aathbis Danda">
Aathbis Danda

Aathbis Danda is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4638 people living in 860 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668370" title="Aathbis Kot">
Aathbis Kot

Aathbis Kot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3627 people living in 1062 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Aathbis Kot has one FM radio station Radio Sisne - 92.8 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="20668371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668371" title="Arma, Nepal">
Arma, Nepal

Arma is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2866 people living in 540 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668372" title="Rhachiosteus">
Rhachiosteus

Rhachiosteus pterygiatus is an extinct brachythoracid arthrodire placoderm from the Late Devonian of Germany. It is known only from a single specimen, which may be a larval or juvenile form, as the skull of said specimen is only 19 millimetres long.

</doc>
<doc id="20668377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668377" title="Bebbington">
Bebbington

Bebbington is an English surname, and may refer to:
See also

</doc>
<doc id="20668383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668383" title="Bapsekot">
Bapsekot

Banfikot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4452 people living in 853 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668390" title="Bhalakachha">
Bhalakachha

Bhalakachha is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2875 people living in 534 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668398" title="Chaurjahari">
Chaurjahari

Chaurjahari is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8261.

</doc>
<doc id="20668409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668409" title="Chhiwang">
Chhiwang

Chhiwang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4252 people living in 805 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668410" title="Archway">
Archway

__noToC__An archway is the passage ("way") under an arch. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20668420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668420" title="Chokhawang">
Chokhawang

Chokhawang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2690 people living in 477 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668421" title="Pakri Islands">
Pakri Islands

Pakri Islands (, ) are two Estonian islands in the Finnish Gulf: Suur-Pakri and Väike-Pakri ( and ). Administratively they belong to the town of Paldiski. For centuries the islands had been inhabited by Estonian Swedes, until during the Second World War the entire population was forced to leave.
Etymology.
The Swedish name of the islands "Rågöarna" means "Rye Islands" - historically rye was the primary crop grown on the island. Thus "Stora Rågö" and "Lilla Rågö" mean "Big Rye Island" and "Small Rye Island", respectively. Alternative names for the two islands are "Västra Rågö"/"Västerö" and "Östra Rågö"/"Österö" ("West Island" and "East Island").
In terms of area Väike-Pakri ("Small-Pakri") is actually somewhat larger than Suur-Pakri ("Big-Pakri"). The reason for this contradiction is probably that Suur-Pakri had more inhabitants and better farming lands and was reckoned as more important.
Geography.
The islands lie a few kilometers off the Estonian coast. Väike-Pakri lies 3 km west of Paldiski, separated from it by Paldiski (Pakri) Bay (), over 20 m deep. The shallow 3 km wide Kurkse strait separates the islands from the mainland in south.
The area of Väike-Pakri, the eastern island, is 12.9 km2, Suur-Pakri covers 11.6 km2 (8th and 9th largest islands in Estonia). Väike-Pakri is also higher than Suur-Pakri (17 m and 8 m, respectively). Both islands are about 6 km long (in southeast-northwest direction) and 2-2.5 km wide.
A few islets are situated in the 1-1.5 km wide and shallow (2-4 m deep) strait between the two islands. In 1952, an embankment connecting the two islands over some of the islets was built by the Soviet army.
A limestone cliff borders the northern coast of both islands and also the eastern coast of Väike-Pakri. Part of the Baltic Klint, it rises up to 4 m on Suur-Pakri and up to 13 m on Väike-Pakri. Both islands are essentially part of a larger limestone plateau in Northern Estonia.
Villages.
Before the Second World War the two islands had 5 villages, three on Suur-Pakri and two on Väike-Pakri.
Suur-Pakri
Väike-Pakri
History.
The islands were inhabited in 1345, when five Swedish families bought the western island from Padise monastery. According to the 1934 Estonian census, the islands had 354 inhabitants, all of them Swedes except for 13 Germans. There were 5 villages, a total of 119 households, a small folk museum (opened in 1935, closed in 1940) and both islands had their own church and school. Following the signing of Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact and the subsequent action of the Soviet Union (see Soviet ultimatums in 1939), in 1940 all the islanders were forced to leave - the islands were designated as a military base for the Soviet Army. Most of Pakri Swedes left for Sweden before 1944, during the German occupation of Estonia. After the Second World War Väike-Pakri had a few inhabitants until 1965. During the Soviet Era, until 1992, the islands were used as a proving ground for aerial bombardment by Warsaw Pact countries.
After control of the islands was returned to Estonia in 1994, the main aim became to clear the area of unexploded bombs. Thousands of explosive devices were destroyed and the work was mostly completed by 1997.
During the land reform following the restoration of independence in Estonia some of the land was returned to its pre-war owners. The northern parts of the islands and the southern part of Väike-Pakri were incorporated to Pakri Landscape Protection Area, created in 1998 to protect the limestone cliffs, alvars and rare species. In 2004, the islands got their first permanent inhabitant over decades, when a person born there during the Second World War returned to rebuild his parents' farm. At the end of 2009 the islands had 6 permanent inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="20668425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668425" title="List of extended-range guitar players">
List of extended-range guitar players

While the six string guitar has been more or less the standard instrument since the mid-19th century, guitarists and luthiers have experimented with additional strings to extend the range of the instrument practically since the emergence of the modern guitar form, sometime in the 15th century. Seven, eight, nine, ten and more strings have been used by guitarists seeking to increase the range of pitches available from the instrument. Some of these guitars are ethnic instruments, specific to different cultures such as Russian and Brazilian guitars. During the 90's the seven string guitar became popular among metal bands such who used the additional string for extra low end. Extended range classical guitars (especially 8- and 10-string instruments) are being seen more frequently, and have found favor with guitarists who play Renaissance and Baroque lute music, as well as those who wish to transcribe piano and orchestral works for the guitar.
This is a list of guitarists who have made "notable" usage of extended range guitars or have played a specifically notable instrument. This list targeted at players of instruments which achieve extended range through additional or unusual stringing, and does not generally include multi-neck guitarists or harp guitarists.
Alphabetical listing.
P.
</ref> Seven-string guitars enabled major-thirds tuning to have the E-e' range of the standard tuning.
</ref> Patt first experimented with a wide-neck Mango guitar from the 1920s, which he modified to have seven strings in 1963. Later, he purchased six-string archtop hollow-body guitars that were then modified by luthiers to have wider necks, wider pickups, and eight strings. Patt's Gibson ES-150 was modified by Vincent "Jimmy" DiSerio cerca 1965. Luthier Saul Koll modified a sequence of guitars: a 1938 Gibson Cromwell, a Sears Silvertone, a cerca 1922 Mango archtop, a 1951 Gibson L-50, and a 1932 Epiphone Broadway; for Koll's modifications, custom pick-ups by Bill Lawrence accommodated the wide necks and high G. He also purchased a seven-string by José Rubio (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="20668428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668428" title="Lament of Yemen">
Lament of Yemen

The Lament of Yemen () is a folk song popular in Turkey. According to Turkish sources, the song is a lament about soldiers who died in Yemen. The lyrics contain some Eastern Anatolian words, such as "ano", which means "that", that are not known in the rest of Turkey. It is often said that Ataturk was fond of the song. Note, however, that the lyrics below explicitly talk about the reserve soldiers who have nothing but a pair of shoes and a fez, an Ottoman hat.
Lyrics.
Below are the lyrics in Turkish, and English:
Havada bulut yok, bu ne dumandır
Mahlede ölen yok, bu ne figandır
Şu Yemen elleri ne de yamandır
Ano Yemendir, Gülü çemendir
Giden gelmiyor, Acep nedendir
Burası Muş’tur, Yolu yokuştur
Giden gelmiyor, Acep ne iştir
Kışlanın önünde redif sesi var
Bakın çantasında acep nesi var
Bir çift kundurayla bir de fesi var
Ano Yemendir, Gülü çemendir
Giden gelmiyor, Acep nedendir
Burası Muş’tur, Yolu yokuştur
Giden gelmiyor, Acep ne iştir
There is no cloud in the air- 
What is that smoke? 
There is no death in the neighborhood 
What is that cry? 
That Yemen lands is so rugged 
Over there is Yemen 
Its rose is fenugreek 
Those who go never return 
Why? 
Here is Moush
And the road is lumpy 
Those who go never return 
What's going on? 
The voices of reserves in front of the barracks 
Open his bag and see what he has 
A pair of shoes and a fez 
Over there is Yemen... 
There are other versions of the Turkish lyrics, centered on changes to the words "Ano" and "Muş" (to Huş).

</doc>
<doc id="20668429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668429" title="Chunwang">
Chunwang

Chunwang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2865 people living in 528 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668430" title="Liquid Armor">
Liquid Armor

Liquid Armor is a material under research by United States Army Research Laboratory (ARL). It is liquid under low or normal pressure and solid under high pressure. This liquid is made with polyethylene glycol and the solid part is made of nano-particles of silica. This liquid is soaked into all the layers of a Kevlar vest.
BAE Systems has also been researching a similar Kevlar vest with a fluid between layers of the polymer, and this attracted a fair amount of press in August 2010. BAE took over the US research company Armor Holdings who were doing research based on suspensions of silica particles.
Fluids used for this purpose are non-Newtonian, and are usually referred to as shear thickening fluids (or STF), which are the same as dilatants.

</doc>
<doc id="20668432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668432" title="Duli, Nepal">
Duli, Nepal

Duli is a Village Development Committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3671 people residing in 632 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668435" title="List of Presidents of HUR">
List of Presidents of HUR

The following is a list of presidents of HUR the Russian handbal governing body

</doc>
<doc id="20668436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668436" title="Garayala">
Garayala

Garayala is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4301 people living in 775 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668438" title="The Boys from Syracuse (film)">
The Boys from Syracuse (film)

The Boys from Syracuse is a 1940 American musical film directed by A. Edward Sutherland, based on a stage musical by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart, which in turn was based on the play "The Comedy of Errors" by William Shakespeare. It was nominated for two Academy Awards; one for Best Visual Effects (John P. Fulton, Bernard B. Brown, Joe Lapis) and one for Best Art Direction (Jack Otterson).

</doc>
<doc id="20668444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668444" title="Gautamkot">
Gautamkot

Gautamkot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4183 people living in 812 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668448" title="Ghetma">
Ghetma

Ghetma is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3447 people living in 607 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668475" title="David Watts (rugby player)">
David Watts (rugby player)

David Watts (14 March 1886 – 14 July 1916) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Maesteg. He won four caps for Wales, all in 1914 and may have been awarded more, but his career was cut short by the outbreak of World War I.
Rugby career.
Watts game to prominence in Welsh rugby when he was part of the Maesteg team that won the Glamorgan Challenge Cup in 1912. In 1914 Watts was selected to represent Wales as part of the Five Nations Championship. His first game was on the 17 January in a game against England at Twickenham. Under the captaincy of Jenkin Alban Davies, Wales lost the opening game but won the final three games of the tournament. Of all Watts' matches, the most notable was the final game at the Balmoral Showgrounds against Ireland. The game was an overly violent affair, after members of both packs ran into each other the night before the game. The Welsh pack, of which Watts was part off, was named the 'Terrible Eight' by newspapers after the game. Watts played one final game for his country, in an exhibition game against the Barbarians in 1915. Again led by Alban Davies, Watts turned out in the match played to boost recruitment for the Welsh Guards, though the game is not recognised as a full international.
The game against Ireland was the final Welsh international game before the outbreak of World War I. During the war Watts joined the King's Shropshire Light Infantry as part of the 7th Battalion, reaching the rank of corporal. He was killed in action at Bazentin Ridge in France in 1916.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20668482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668482" title="Hukam, Nepal">
Hukam, Nepal

Hukam is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1671 people living in 376 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668489" title="Jang, Nepal">
Jang, Nepal

Jang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2264 people living in 433 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668493" title="Leptospira interrogans">
Leptospira interrogans

Leptospira interrogans is a Gram negative, obligate aerobe spirochete, with periplasmic flagella. When viewed through a light microscope, it often resembles a question mark, and this gives the species its name. It is a member of the genus Leptospira. Some important pathogenic serovars from this species are Canicola, Icterohaemorrhagiae and Australis. "L. interrogans" is difficult to culture, requiring special media and extended incubation periods.
"L. interrogans" infects wild and domestic animals, including pet dogs. Humans are accidental hosts. It can survive in neutral or slightly alkaline water for 3 months or longer.
"L. interrogans" is usually transmitted to humans through contact with infected animal urine, either directly or in water. It invades directly through broken skin and can replicate in the liver and kidneys. Risk factors for infection include working in sewers, farming, and recreational water activities. Infection is known as leptospirosis, which can be asymptomatic, a mild non-specific illness, or result in death from liver damage and renal failure (Weil's syndrome).

</doc>
<doc id="20668499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668499" title="Jhula">
Jhula

Jhula is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2483 people living in 268 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668501" title="Kanda, Rapti">
Kanda, Rapti

Kanda is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2304 people living in 448 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668503" title="Earthquake Engineering Research Institute">
Earthquake Engineering Research Institute

The Earthquake Engineering Research Institute (EERI) is a leading technical society in dissemination of earthquake risk and earthquake engineering research both in the U.S. and globally. EERI members include researchers, geologists, geotechnical engineers, educators, government officials, and building code regulators. Their mission, as stated in their 5-year plan published in 2006, has three points: "Advancing the science and practice of earthquake engineering; Improving understanding of the impact of earthquakes on the physical, social, economic, political, and cultural environment; and Advocating comprehensive and realistic measures for reducing the harmful effects of earthquakes".
Goals.
In the 2006 5 year plan, the EERI has identified four main goals towards fulfilling their mission and planned strategies to carry them out.
History.
The EERI was formed in 1948 as an advising committee on the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey. It quickly became its own independent, nonprofit organization, with the purpose of studying why buildings fail under earthquake disasters, and what methods can prevent these failures. At first they conducted their research in laboratories of different University or Government groups. As the EERI grew, they began to more often send research funds to the Universities, and have the University conduct the research. EERI focused more on identifying and investigating areas in need of research, and policymaking based on the university’s lab results. 
In 1952 the EERI organized the first Conference on Earthquake Engineering, at UCLA. In 1955, they held the first World Conference on Earthquake Engineering. In 1984, the 8th World Conference was held in San Francisco. This conference brought in scientists from 54 countries. 
At first, membership to the EERI was limited to invite-only engineers and scientists. 
In 1973, they began to hire members by application, and increased their membership from 126 to 721 by 1978. In 1991, EERI began receiving funding from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), to continue publishing information on how to reduce damage from earthquakes.
After a number of location changes, the EERI headquarters settled in Oakland, California.
Their quarterly journal, "Earthquake Spectra", covers current research on earthquake engineering and is available online or by subscription. Its target audience is any geologist, seismologist, or related engineer. EERI also publishes many other types of information, including a monthly newsletter, an oral history series, and field investigation reports.
California earthquake assessments.
EERI performs risk assessments on earthquake potential sites around the world. This is a quick summary of two reports on California cities.
In 2006 an engineering firm related to the EERI has projected over $122 billion in damages, if a repeat of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake occurs. This number includes damages to homes and structures, excluding fire damage. The EERI lobbies for government funding to prevent natural disasters. The money is best spent before loss of life and large-scale structural damage, though often it is not seen until afterward, as evidenced by Hurricane Katrina. The EERI and the USGS have identified that a potential large earthquake in Los Angeles would cause more damage than Katrina at New Orleans, with up to $250 billion in total damages and 18,000 deaths.
Student involvement.
EERI has a student chapter in 29 colleges across the U.S. to further promote interest in earthquake engineering.A few representatives from each chapter make up the Student LEadership Council (SLC). Since 2008 the EERI and SLC have held the Undergraduate Seismic Design Competition, which was previously run by the Pacific Earthquake Engineering Research Center (PEER). In this competition a team of undergraduate college students must design and construct a structure made of balsa wood. The structure is limited by many rules, such as a weight limit, the individual heights of each floor, total height limit, and more. The structure is subjected to extra weight and placed on a shake table, which moves to simulate an earthquake. An accelerometer is placed on top of the building to measure how fast the top of the building shakes. Students’ structures are judged on a number of criteria, including the height of the structure, number of floors, the accelerometer readings, and whether the structure breaks. Students will want to make a building close to the height limit because the higher floors are worth more points. The 8th annual competition is to be held at San Diego, February 11 and 12, along with the 63rd EERI annual meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="20668504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668504" title="Mithakaspis">
Mithakaspis

Mithakaspis is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm. Its fossils have been found in Craven Peak Beds, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20668507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668507" title="Ifield Friends Meeting House">
Ifield Friends Meeting House

The Ifield Friends Meeting House is a Friends meeting house (Religious Society of Friends place of worship) in the Ifield neighbourhood of Crawley, a town and borough in West Sussex, England. Built in 1676 and used continuously since then by the Quaker community for worship, it is one of the oldest purpose-built Friends meeting houses in the world. It is classified by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, a status given to buildings of "exceptional interest" and national importance. An adjoining 15th-century cottage is listed separately at Grade II*, and a mounting block in front of the buildings also has a separate listing at Grade II. Together, these structures represent three of the 100 listed buildings and structures in Crawley.
History.
The Ifield area has a long history of Protestant Nonconformism and Dissent. As early as 1655, George Fox—one of the founders of the Religious Society of Friends—and a Quaker preacher, Alexander Parker, held meetings and preached at a private house in the village. Meetings became more regular in the next two decades, but were still held in parishioners' houses. There were strong feelings both in favour of and against the growing Quaker community: the vicar of St Margaret's Church (the parish church) between 1667 and 1679, Henry Halliwell, was strongly opposed to Nonconformism and preached and wrote against it, whereas a protest in the church in 1658 by a parishioner sympathetic to Quaker beliefs was allowed to continue without interruption. William Penn lived nearby before leaving England for America and founding Pennsylvania; he had links with the local Quaker community and the meeting house in their early days, and clashed with Henry Halliwell. In response to Penn's 1673 treatise entitled "Wisdom Justified of her Children from Calumny of Henry Halliwell", Halliwell wrote a piece called "Impertinent Cavils of William Penn".
By 1676, 27% of adults in the parish of Ifield, which covered of mostly rural land in north Sussex, described themselves as Nonconformist. Some would have been Presbyterians, Unitarians or Baptists, for example, but most were Quakers. Meetings for Quaker women in the parish were started the previous year. In 1676, land and money bequeathed by a local blacksmith, Robert Robinson, was used to build a dedicated, purpose-built meeting house for the community. It has been continuously used for worship since then, and is one of the oldest Friends meeting houses still in existence anywhere in the world.
Restoration.
The Meeting House and Cottage were restored during 2010 and 2011. HMDW Architects surveyed the buildings and managed the project, and Alfred Cox & Sons (Brighton) carried out the work. This included replacing decayed timber lintels and cills, removing rotting timber bearers, repointing the masonry, carrying out timber repairs to the original window frames, and installing new amenities to improve accessibility and hospitality.
Meeting house.
The meeting house has ashlar walls made of local sandstone. The roof slates are also made of a local material—Horsham stone. The frontage has two bays with half-hipped gable roofs. The entrance doorway is centrally placed between the bays and still has its original rustication at the quoins, although the door itself is modern. The lintel of the doorway has "1676" carved into it, and some of the quoin blocks also have 17th-century dates and initials. There is another (off-centre) doorway on the rear face of the building. This has one window at ground-floor level, whereas the frontage has one in each bay with wooden mullions and transoms. There are smaller windows at first-floor level.
Extensions and additions have been made since the 17th century. Many of the internal fittings are made of pine and were installed in the 18th century. A burial ground was also added. By 1851 the capacity was 162, although use of the meeting house had declined from a peak of nearly 100 worshippers earlier in the century.
The meeting house was given a Grade I listing by English Heritage on 21 June 1948. It is one of three buildings with that designation in the Borough of Crawley; the others are St Margaret's Church and St Nicholas' Church at Worth.
5 Langley Lane.
The cottage now known as the Meeting House Cottage, at 5 Langley Lane, is two centuries older than the meeting house itself. It is a two-storey timber-framed cottage built in the late 15th century. Robert Robinson owned it and the adjacent land in the late 17th century; he passed the cottage, his blacksmith workshop and all the surrounding land to the local Quaker community in 1674. As a result, the meeting house was built on to its eastern side. A red-brick facing was applied to the south face in the 18th century, and the west side is partly brick-faced and partly tiled. The roof is also tiled, and held up inside by crown posts. English Heritage classified the cottage, which is still used by the warden of the meeting house, as a Grade II* listed structure on 23 February 1983.
Mounting block.
A mounting block is a slab or set of steps which enables a horse rider to mount or dismount a horse. An 18th-century example stands on the forecourt outside the meeting house. The main structure is brick, but the three steps have stone treads. There is a space inside for storage. The top of the block is spanned by a stone lintel. The structure is recognised separately by English Heritage, which listed it at Grade II on 23 February 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20668509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668509" title="Lauren Ornelas">
Lauren Ornelas

lauren Ornelas is an animal rights advocate for more than 20 years and the founder and Director of the Food Empowerment Project and veganmexicanfood.com.
Ornelas grew up in Texas, where she became a vegetarian as a child. When in high school, she became a vegan and started her first animal rights group. She continued her work for animals while attending university and eventually became the National Coordinator for In Defense of Animals.
Four years later, Viva! UK asked lauren to start and run Viva! USA, a national nonprofit vegan advocacy organization, where she did numerous factory farm investigations. As Viva! USA’s executive director, in cooperation with activists across the country, she also brought corporate changes to such powerful companies as Whole Foods Market, Trader Joe's, and Pier 1 Imports.
In 2006, Ornelas’ desire to address a variety of social justice issues came to fruition with the opportunity to give a talk “Corporate Animal Farms: Exploiting Animals, Workers and the Environment, and Why You Should Work to Stop It” at the World Social Forum in Caracas, Venezuela. It was in Caracas that she noted that many of the issues being discussed revolved around food, from labor and immigration issues to water, animals, and the environment. Ornelas knew that being more responsible about what we eat was key to fighting injustice, and her idea for the Food Empowerment Project was born.
Ornelas was one of several people who provided information used in the writing of the book "Striking at the Roots: A Practical Guide to Animal Activism" (2008) by Mark Hawthorne. She later married Hawthorne; they live in northern California.
Ornelas wrote a chapter of Lisa Kemmerer's 2011 anthology "Sister Species: Women, Animals, and Social Justice".
In California's 2008 Proposition 2 campaign, Ornelas was the Santa Clara County director of the YES ON 2 campaign. After Prop 2 won, Ornelas and other Prop 2 activists formed Santa Clara County Activists for Animals (SCCAA).
Currently, lauren Ornelas is the Campaign Director for the Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition while overseeing the all-volunteer non-profit Food Empowerment Project.

</doc>
<doc id="20668518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668518" title="Michael Gier">
Michael Gier

Michael Gier (born 19 July 1967) is a Swiss competition rower and Olympic champion. 
Together with his brother Markus Gier Gier won a gold medal in "lightweight double sculls", at the 1996 Summer Olympics . He also competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where he finished 5th.

</doc>
<doc id="20668540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668540" title="FIBA Europe Young Men's Player of the Year Award">
FIBA Europe Young Men's Player of the Year Award

The FIBA Europe Young Men's Player of the Year Award is an annual award given by FIBA Europe, the European division of FIBA, the international governing body of the sport of basketball, to the best basketball player with European citizenship, aged 22 and under of the year. The inaugural award was given out in the year 2005 to Nikolaos Zisis of Greece. The vote is decided upon by a panel of basketball experts and also by fan voting. 
The candidates include all European basketball players aged 22 and under in the world, regardless of whether they play in Europe or anywhere else in the world. Also, the candidates include all players, from both professional leagues such as the NBA or the Euroleague, etc. (including from both senior and junior level pro clubs) and amateur status, such as NCAA college basketball, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20668558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668558" title="Markus Gier">
Markus Gier

Markus Gier (born 1 January 1970) is a Swiss competition rower and Olympic champion. He hails from Sankt Gallen.
Together with his brother Michael Gier Gier won a gold medal in "lightweight double sculls", at the 1996 Summer Olympics. The two brothers also competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where they finished 5th.
He was in the Silver Medal LM4x in Bled 1989 along with Reto Fierz (b)
Philipp Ferlber (2)
Cirillo Ghielmetti (3)

</doc>
<doc id="20668560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668560" title="John W. Sprague">
John W. Sprague

John Wilson Sprague (April 4, 1817–December 27, 1894) was an American soldier and railroad executive. He served as a general in the Union Army in the Western Theater of operations during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor for gallantry at the Battle of Decatur during the Atlanta Campaign. After the war, he was a railroad executive and later co-founded the city of Tacoma, Washington, serving as its first mayor.
Early life and career.
John W. Sprague was born in White Creek, New York, on April 4, 1817, the son of Otis and Polly (Peck) Sprague. He was educated in the district school of his neighborhood and at the age of thirteen entered the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute at Troy, New York. He left school before graduation to engage in the grocery business, and in 1845 removed to Milan, Ohio, where he continued the business of a merchant in the shipping and commission sales businesses. He afterward settled in Sandusky and was for one term (1851–52) the treasurer of Erie County, Ohio.
He was married to Lucy Wright, daughter of a judge of Huron County, Ohio. However, she died in Troy, New York, in May 1844, not long after giving birth to a daughter. He was remarried to Julia Frances Choate of Milan; the couple had five children of their own.
In the late 1850s he organized and equipped a line of sailboats and steamers for traffic on Lake Erie and was engaged in that business when war erupted.
Civil War service.
With the outbreak of the Civil War and President Abraham Lincoln's call for 100,000 volunteers to put down the rebellion, Sprague raised a company of infantry and was sent to Camp Dennison near Cincinnati. Upon being mustered into Federal service, he became the captain of Company E of the 7th Ohio Infantry. While returning home on furlough in August 1861, he and a small party of fellow Buckeyes were captured in West Virginia and held as prisoners of war. Sprague was exchanged in January 1862 and returned to his regiment.
Later that month, Sprague was appointed as the colonel of the newly designated 63rd Ohio Infantry, The regiment was organized on January 23 by consolidating partially filled battalions from the 22nd Ohio Infantry and the 63rd Ohio regiments. After brief training and drilling, Sprague and his men took the field, traveled via train to the South, and joined Major General John Pope in Missouri. Sprague led the regiment at the Siege of Corinth, Mississippi, and then was in charge of the Ohio Brigade during the Battle of Iuka in 1862.
For the next several months, Sprague took part in the army's general operations in northern Alabama and Mississippi, extending sometimes into Tennessee. He participated in the Vicksburg Campaign in early and mid-1863. In the fall of 1863, as part of the forces under Maj. Gen. William T. Sherman, he moved with his regiment eastward toward Chattanooga, Tennessee. He regiment was part of the force under command of General Grenville M. Dodge that was detached to secure the railroad to Decatur, Alabama.
During the 1864 Atlanta Campaign, Sprague was in command of the 2nd Brigade, 4th Division of the Sixteenth Army Corps. During the Battle of Atlanta on July 22, 1864, at a subaction near Decatur, Georgia, he masterfully conducted a delaying action under heavy enemy fire and received praise from his superiors. With only a small command, he defeated an overwhelming Confederate force and saved the entire ordnance and supply trains of the XV, XVI, XVII, and XX corps.
Sprague was promoted to the rank of brigadier general on July 30, 1864. He moved with Sherman on the March to the Sea and then northward during the Carolinas Campaign. He commanded the brigade on its march from Raleigh, North Carolina, through Richmond to Washington, D.C., and participated in the Grand Review of the Armies in May. At the end of the war, he received the brevet rank of major general.
From April 1865 until September 1866, Sprague was the assistant commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau for the district of Arkansas, serving under Maj. Gen. Oliver O. Howard. He was in charge of operations in Missouri, Kansas, and subsequently the Indian Territory. In September 1865, he declined a lieutenant-colonelcy in the Regular Army and mustered out of the service. He was succeeded by Edward O. C. Ord.
Postbellum career.
He was appointed as the manager of the Winona & St. Paul Railway in Minnesota. In 1870 he became the general manager of the Western Division of the Northern Pacific Railway and co-established the city of Tacoma, Washington, on Puget Sound. He was instrumental in selecting the route for the railroad's Pacific Division, from what later became Kalama, Washington, to Tacoma. In 1883 he had the honor of driving the golden spike on the completion of his division. However, he suffered from poor health and was forced to resign a few months later.
He was active in building up the new city of Tacoma and was president of the board of trade and of various banks and corporations. He served as the town's first mayor, became prominent in its financial circles, and was president of the National Bank, Tacoma Chamber of Commerce, and the Tacoma Steam Navigation Company. His second wife Julia died in 1886. He later married Abigail Choate.
The town of Sprague, Washington, founded in 1880, was named for General Sprague. Lincoln County, Washington, was originally named for Sprague, until opposition from political enemy (and former Union colonel) Joseph H. Houghton, a Washington Territory legislator.
After suffering for several years from heart disease and chronic cystitis, Sprague died at his home in Tacoma on December 27, 1893, and was buried in the city's cemetery. In 1894 the United States Congress awarded the Medal of Honor to General John W. Sprague for distinguished gallantry during the Battle of Decatur. However, Sprague never saw his medal, having died several weeks before it arrived.
The John W. Sprague Camp of the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War was named in his honor.
Medal of Honor citation.
SPRAGUE, JOHN W.
Rank and Organization: Colonel, 63d Ohio Infantry. Place and Date: At Decatur, Ga., 22 July 1862. Entered Service At: Sandusky, Ohio Born: 4 April 1817, White Creek, N.Y. Date of Issue: 18 January 1894.
Citation:
With a small command defeated an overwhelming force of the enemy and saved the trains of the corps.

</doc>
<doc id="20668593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668593" title="Ingrid Hartmann">
Ingrid Hartmann

Ingrid Hartmann (born July 23, 1930 in Bad Salzuflen, Free State of Lippe) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. She won the K-2 500 m silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. 
Hartmannalso won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-4 500 m: 1963) and a bronze (K-2 500 m: 1958).

</doc>
<doc id="20668594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668594" title="John Sprague">
John Sprague

John Sprague may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20668612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668612" title="Kankri">
Kankri

Kankri is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4210 people living in 851 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668613" title="Darren Barber">
Darren Barber

Darren Barber (born December 26, 1968 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian competition rower and Olympic champion. He is a graduate of Brentwood College School in Mill Bay, British Columbia.
Barber won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, as a member of the Canadian team. He also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where he finished 4th.
Personal.
His grandfather was former Toronto Maple Leafs hockey captain Syl Apps. His uncle was Syl Apps, Jr., and his cousin Gillian Apps won gold medals with the Canadian Olympic women's ice hockey teams in 2006 and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20668620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668620" title="Khara, Nepal">
Khara, Nepal

Khara is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5122 people living in 903 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668622" title="Gracemount Edinburgh Handball Club">
Gracemount Edinburgh Handball Club

Gracemount Edinburgh Handball Club was formed in 2002 by Fred Wallace as part of the rebirth of the Handball Association. In the beginning, the club started with about ten 11-13 year old children training once a week, learning basic ball control skills. Over the next 6 years though, the club has expanded hugely and now boasts a sizeable youth team and a large senior men's team.
The club has operated out of numerous venues in the southside of Edinburgh. In the beginning, the local leisure centre at Gracemount was used but as the club expanded there was a need for more regular training sessions and better facilities. Since 2005, GEHC have been training at highschools at Liberton and Gracemount, both with new sports facilities available.
From 2006 onwards, GEHC has seen a large influx of foreign students joining the team while studying in Edinburgh. These students, mainly from mainland Europe have had previous experience with Handball as it is a professional sport on the continent. Due to this, the less experienced Scottish players have been learning from a vast pool of experience and improving rapidly.
Early years.
For the first 3 years of Gracemount's existence, the club was solely focused on Youth development. Over the course of those 3 years, Gracemount took teams to Partille Cup in Sweden. Results became gradually better over the years, but due to the scale of the sport in other countries, Gracemount lost most of their games to strong European teams. Despite this, the experience was extremely valuable as the young players were introduced to different styles of play and were able to witness handball played by experienced teams. 
In 2004, many of the older Gracemount players were selected to represent the Scotland U-16 squad, and played games against England, Ireland and a German regional team. The Gracemount players in the squad were very influential in the Scotland U-16 squad's victory over Ireland in the Liverpool Tri-Nations Tournament.
2005-Present.
Since 2005, Gracemount have been competing in the Scottish Senior Men's League. At first, Gracemount's youth players made up much of the team and played against Men's teams like Tryst 77 and Glasgow. Over the last 2 years though, Gracemount has seen a large influx of older players which has allowed the club to expand rapidly. 2007/08 proved to be a promising season for the club, with the high point being a very credible performance against Great Dane HC, widely recognised as the best Handball Club in Britain.
2008 has seen the club expand even more, with 25-30 men training regularly. This allowed Gracemount to enter 2 teams into the Scottish league, with 1 team focused on mounting a title challenge while the 2nd team worked on development for the younger or less experienced players. This proved to be a success for Gracemount. The first team missed out on the Pre-Xmas title with a 29-28 loss to Glasgow HC. A win by 1 goal would have secured the title for Gracemount, but finishing second in the league ahead of defending champions Tryst 77 HC is still considered the club's greatest achievement to date. Gracemount's second team in the league also put in some promising performances, showing very clearly that they were not at all far behind the other teams in the league.
The season 2009/10 became the season where the club achieved its goal of winning the Scottish Senior Men's League by winning 11 of 12 games and drawing one game 32-32 to Glasgow HC. The final game against Cumbernauld HC saw a fairly amputated Gracemount team, that due to the Icelandic Eyjafjallajökull volcanic eruption, had some players stuck in their native countries. However, the team managed to win 41-38 against Cumbernauld HC. The next goal is to win the Scottish Cup 2009/10.
World Class Handball Program.
Over recent years, the Handball Association have been sending British handball players to Denmark to train with the World Class Handball Program in preparation for the London 2012 Olympics. Many Scottish players are involved in this process, including 1 Gracemount player, Taylor Hoven. Alan Stokes spent 3 years training in Denmark and playing for Danish club Braband in preparation for 2012. Taylor Hoven is part of the 2016 Olympic Program.

</doc>
<doc id="20668628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668628" title="Kholagaun, Rapti">
Kholagaun, Rapti

Kholagaun is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4462 people living in 778 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668629" title="Ghagoki">
Ghagoki

Ghagoki is small village in Phalia Tehsil, Punjab (Pakistan) with a population of 2,500.

</doc>
<doc id="20668638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668638" title="Kotjahari">
Kotjahari

Kotjahari is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3473 people living in 647 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668645" title="Charles D'Arcy">
Charles D'Arcy

Charles Frederick D'Arcy (2 January 1859 – 1 February 1938) was a Church of Ireland bishop. He was the Bishop of Clogher from 1903 to 1907 when he was translated to become Bishop of Ossory, Ferns and Leighlin before then becoming the Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore. He was then briefly the Archbishop of Dublin and finally, from 1920 until his death, Archbishop of Armagh. He was also a theologian, author and botanist.
Early life.
Born in Dublin in 1859, D'Arcy was the son of John Charles D'Arcy of Mount Tallant, County Dublin, and of Henrietta Anna, a daughter of Thomas Brierly of Rehoboth House, Dublin. He was a grandson of John D'Arcy of Hydepark, County Westmeath, and a descendant of John Darcy, the first Baron Darcy de Knayth, one of the knights who had fought at the Battle of Crecy (1346).
Charles D'Arcy was educated at The High School, Dublin, and Trinity College, Dublin, where he was the first mathematical scholar of his year and won a gold medal in Moral Philosophy. He graduated BA in 1882, with a first-class Divinity Testimonium, and MA in 1892. He was later awarded the degrees of Bachelor of Divinity, 1898, and Doctor of Divinity, 1900.
Career.
D'Arcy was ordained and became curate of Saint Thomas's, Belfast, in 1884. He became Rector of Billy, County Antrim, in 1890, and of the united parishes of Ballymena and Ballyclug in 1893. From 1895 to 1903, he was chaplain to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, successively the 5th Earl Cadogan and the 2nd Earl of Dudley. In addition, he was Prebendary of Connor in Lisburn Cathedral, from 1898 to 1900. His next living was as Vicar of Belfast, from 1900 to 1903, and while there he was also appointed Dean of St Anne's Cathedral, Belfast, and examining chaplain to Bishop Welland.
In 1903 D'Arcy was elected Bishop of Clogher, in 1907 was translated to become Bishop of Ossory, Ferns and Leighlin, and in 1911 Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore, succeeding Dr John Baptist Crozier in both.
He corresponded with Shane Leslie in 1907 about Leslie's decision to convert to Roman Catholicism.
In 1907 he became a member of the Royal Irish Academy and was a Select Preacher at the University of Cambridge, 1907–1908 and 1925, and Hulsean Preacher at Cambridge, from 1929 to 1930; as well as a Select Preacher at the University of Oxford, 1908–1910, at the University of Glasgow, 1912, and at the University of Durham, 1923.
In August 1919 D'Arcy was appointed Archbishop of Dublin, Bishop of Glendalough and Kildare and Primate of Ireland Metropolitan. Less than a year later, in June 1920, he was elected as Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland, again succeeding Crozier.
He was opposed to Irish Home Rule, and in 1912 signed the Ulster Covenant. In 1921 he was appointed a member of the Senate of Southern Ireland, which was abolished with the establishment of the Irish Free State in 1922, but did not attend.
He was a lifelong friend of James Craig, Lord Craigavon, the first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland, and a member of the Athenaeum Club, London, and the University Club, Dublin. He was also a supporter of the Eugenics movement and chaired the Belfast branch of the Eugenics Education Society.
In 1934 he published his autobiography, "The Adventures of a Bishop: a Phase in Irish Life", and in June 1937 announced that he intended to retire, because of poor health. However, in the event he continued as Archbishop until he died on 1 February 1938. He was buried at St Patrick's Cathedral, Armagh.
Marriage and family.
In 1889, D'Arcy married Harriet Le Byrtt Lewis, daughter of Richard Lewis of Comrie, County Down, and they had one son and three daughters. Mrs D'Arcy died of a heart attack during a cruise to the West Indies in the summer of 1932. Of their three daughters, one married Charles Mulholland, 3rd Baron Dunleath, and became Lady Dunleath. Their son, John Conyers D'Arcy, Royal Artillery, fought in both World Wars and ended his career as the Commander of British forces in Palestine and Transjordan. In May 1920, D'Arcy gave his son a Special licence to marry Noël Patricia Wakefield.
Between 1900 and 1903, D'Arcy corresponded with his uncle George James Norman D'Arcy about his uncle's petition to the Crown for the abeyant peerage of Darcy de Knayth. However, in 1903 the House of Lords awarded the title to Violet Herbert, Countess of Powis.

</doc>
<doc id="20668656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668656" title="Klára Fried-Bánfalvi">
Klára Fried-Bánfalvi

Klára Fried-Bánfalvi (May 9, 1931 – July 15, 2009) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1940s to the early 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at Rome in 1960. Fried-Bánfalvi also won a gold medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mâcon.
She is Jewish.

</doc>
<doc id="20668658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668658" title="Magma, Nepal">
Magma, Nepal

Magma is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4303 people living in 789 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668674" title="Mahat">
Mahat

Mahat is ekthariya Chhetri surname of Nepal having Khasa root. Historically, one of the Jumli Malla king in medieval time made his younger brother Dharma Malla chief of army staffs entitling him as MAHAT (Meaning The Great). Afterwards, his descendants started writing Mahat as their surnames. Like other Khasa chhetris such as Thapa, Basnyat, Karki, Khadka, Rawat etc. Mahats are also Masta, local non-vedic deity of Karnali region, worshipers. Among twelve Mastas Khaapar Masta is their kuldevata. Since Khasa Chhetris are referred by the place they originated in the past, Mahats are also called as Kalikote Mahat. So, Mahats can be referred as Malla having distinct identity of bravery. Mahats are an integral part of the Nepalese Army from the time of Shah kings. Even today, many Mahats are serving in Nepal Army as well as in India and USA in different designations, both high officers and non-officers, among them are serving in bank, remittance, INGOS, Hospitals etc. 
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4240 people living in 799 individual households. Most prominent population of Mahat can be seen in Mahat gaun of Jumla. Notable settlements of Mahats have been found in Nuwakot, Parbat, Tanahu, JumlaVillage Development Committee (Now falls under Chandan Nath Municipality)
Rukum, Parbat, Myagdi, Pokhara (Mahat gauda), Nuwakot (Kabilash and Kholegaun), Tanahun, Kabhre (Panauti), Bhaktapur, Lalitpur (Lele, Satdobato, Thaiba), Makwanpur (Hetauda), Charikot, and Ilam (Sangrumba,Hattidhunga,Khammang, Ilam municipality). Mahats living in Lele of Lalitpur are believed to settle there from Valley Malla era, after khasa attack on Kathmandu led by Khas king Jitari Malla. Sporadically, they are also residing in places like Jhapa (Mechinagar/ Kakarbhitta, Sanischare, Damak), Sunsari (Dharan, Paanmara), Darchula (Marma, Duhun), Baitadi and outside Nepal in West Bengal (Bagrakot) and Assam in India.
NOTABLE MAHATS
Narayan Bahadur Mahat : (Nuwakot) Judge,During the regime of King Rajendra Bikram Shah he served as a chief judge in Prince Ranendra poison case against Bhimsen Thapa
Mahendra Bahadur Mahat (Nuwakot) : Judge, Supreme court
Shailendra Bahadur Mahat (Nuwakot) : Colonel of Nepal Army, WW II veteran in Burma and recipient of the prestigious British Military Cross, hero and field commander of operation against Khampa insurgents.
Mrigendra Bahadur Mahat (Nuwakot) : Colonel of Nepal Army, WW II -MC
Mohan Singh Mahat (Nuwakot) : Colonel of Nepal Army
Bharat Singh Mahat (Nuwakot) : Major of Nepal Army
Dinesh Mahat (Nuwakot) : Deputy Station Manager, Thai Airways International, Tribhuvan International Airport, Kathmandu, Nepal
Mukunda Mahat (Nuwakot) : Director, Nepal Rastra Bank
Haris Chandra Mahat (Jumla) : Minister, Nepal Government
Jitendra Mahat "Abhilashi" (Nuwakot) : Known widely by his famous radio dramas. He was basically a radio drama writer and actor. Played various role in Nepali Cinemas. Has inspired many new comers to the stage. 
Dr. Ram Sharan Mahat (Nuwakot): Senior Leader of Nepali Congress, ex-Finance Minister-Nepal Government
Dr. Prakash Sharan Mahat (Nuwakot): Senior Leader of Nepali Congress, ex-Foreign and Energy Minister-Nepal Government
Dilli Bahadur Mahat (Jumla) : Peace-State Minister, Nepal Government
Uttam Mahat (Siraha): Member of Parliament, Nepal
Keshav Raj Mahat (Kabhre) : General, Nepal Army
Baldev Raj Mahat (Kabhre) :General, Nepal Army
Prem Raja Mahat (Tanahu): One of the famous folk singers of Nepal, USA
Ramesh Raj Mahat (Kabhre):General, Nepal Army
Sunil Mahat (Lalitpur/Thaiba) : US Federal Commissioned Officer, USA
Gyanendra Bikram Mahat (Parbat): DIG, Nepal Police
Narayan Mahat (Kabhre) :Deputy Managing Director, Nepal Telecom
Chandra Kala Kiran Mahat (Dolakha ) :First lady Secretary, Nepal government
Dr.Tej Bahadur Singh Mahat (Parbat) Founder of community based forest system, Nepal
Kishan Mahat (Pokhara) :US Army Commander, Iraq 
sunil kumar mahat ( founder mahat samaj )
Written by: Rajendra Mahat, UW, Laramie/ USA

</doc>
<doc id="20668678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668678" title="Morawang">
Morawang

Morawang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2173 people living in 441 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668681" title="Muru, Nepal">
Muru, Nepal

Muru is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2890 people living in 505 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20668683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668683" title="Cordillera Pelada">
Cordillera Pelada

Cordillera Pelada (Spanish for Bald Range) is a mountain range in Osorno Province and southern Los Ríos Region, southern Chile. It is located along the Pacific coast and forms part of the larger Chilean Coast Range. It got its name "pelada" from the Spanish word for bare or bald in reference to large fires that once burned the forests on the cordillera.

</doc>
<doc id="20668690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668690" title="Vilma Egresi">
Vilma Egresi

Vilma Egresi (May 7, 1936 - January 7, 1979) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1950s to the early 1960s. She won a bronze medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.
Egresi also won a silver medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mâcon.

</doc>
<doc id="20668692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668692" title="Musikot Khalanga">
Musikot Khalanga

Musikot Khalanga is a village development committee and seat of Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7279 people living in 1474 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Musikot Khalanga has one FM radio station Radio Sani Bheri F.M - 89.2 MHz Which is a Community radio Station. 

</doc>
<doc id="20668694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668694" title="Move It Like This (song)">
Move It Like This (song)

"Move It Like This" is the title of a song recorded by the Bahamian pop group Baha Men. It was released in February 2002 as the second single from the album, "Move It Like This". The song reached number 13 on the New Zealand RIANZ list, number 13 on the Canadian Singles Chart and number 65 on the Swiss Music Charts. 
Critical reception.
The song received mixed reviews. musicOMH said of it, "Try to remember this song and you'll remember...nothing original." Conversely, Scott Tady of the "Beaver County Times" called the song "jubilant" and Rebecca Mahoney of the "Lakeland Ledger" referred to it as "energetic". 
Music video.
Directed by Bryan Barber (who directed videos for Outkast, Lil Jon and Bow Wow), the video starts with the Baha Men's tour bus arriving at a college fraternity house filled with high-class students. The Baha Men tell them that their here for 'the party' with the students protesting no party until they force themselves in to setup with a bunch of people coming up behind them hearing about the party. The party escalates from being a house party to going outside during the night with the police coming in to stop the party only for them to get sucked in by the music. Throughout the video, the partygoers perform dance moves that the Baha Men mention in the song from the twist, the electric slide and the robot.
Popular culture.
The song was featured in the 2002 comedy film "Big Fat Liar", starring Frankie Muniz, Paul Giamatti and Amanda Bynes. It was also featured in the video game "Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball" as well as in an NBA commercial. 

</doc>
<doc id="20668695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668695" title="Bruce Robertson (rower)">
Bruce Robertson (rower)

Bruce Robertson (born 12 June 1962) is a Canadian competition rower and Olympic champion.
Robertson won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, as a member of the Canadian team. He also competed in "coxless fours" at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, where he finished 11th.

</doc>
<doc id="20668696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668696" title="Jared Israel">
Jared Israel

Jared Israel (born 1944) is an American writer and activist who edits the website "The Emperor’s New Clothes",
and has been published in "Arutz Sheva". He graduated from Harvard University where he was involved in student protests, and also attended Columbia University. At Harvard he was a co-chairman of Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) and, in April 1969, a leader of the University Hall building takeover that was broken up by hundreds of outside police, in response to which Harvard students went on strike, closing Harvard for the only time in its history.
Israel served as one of the co-chairmen of the International Committee to Defend Slobodan Milošević. He has condemned Kosovo's independence as being illegal and in fact having been orchestrated by the United States, Germany and the Vatican.
Jared Israel has written a great deal analyzing and challenging the official account of what happened during the September 11 attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20668698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668698" title="1999 Eurocard Open – Singles">
1999 Eurocard Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20668703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668703" title="Nuwakot, Rapti">
Nuwakot, Rapti

Nuwakot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4071.

</doc>
<doc id="20668719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668719" title="The Brandman Agency">
The Brandman Agency

Established in 2000, The Brandman Agency is a boutique public relations firm focused on the promotion of clients in the following fields: luxury travel, tourism, real estate, lifestyle brands and design. Headquarters are located in New York City, with partner offices in London, Sydney, Toronto and Dubai.
The client list includes luxury travel network Virtuoso, InterContinental Hotels & Resorts, Orient-Express Hotels, the Banyan Tree Hotel collection and the Barbados Tourism Authority.
The agency's main focus is on securing print, web and broadcast media placements for clients. In addition, agencies such as Brandman work to create a specialized media database and news bureau materials for each client, provide media training and message formatting for executives, plan tours in key markets, and host seasonally timed press & FAM trips. Other services include: launching product lines, product placement, restaurant launches, repositioning and reopening campaigns, corporate positioning, leadership profiles, sponsorship and charitable/CSR opportunities, award submissions, event management and planning, press conferences, celebrity gifting, crisis management, media monitoring and reporting.
Prior to establishing The Brandman Agency, founder Melanie Brandman was well known in the travel world—with positions such as VP, Corporate Communications for InterContinental Hotels and Resorts, and as VP, Corporate Affairs for Bass Hotels & Resorts.

</doc>
<doc id="20668735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668735" title="Methyl dihydrojasmonate">
Methyl dihydrojasmonate

Methyl dihydrojasmonate is an ester and a diffusive aroma compound, with the smell vaguely similar to jasmine. In racemic mixtures the odor is floral and citrus while epimerized mixtures exhibit a dense fatty floral odor with odor recognition thresholds of 15 parts per billion.
The compound is also known as hedione.

</doc>
<doc id="20668739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668739" title="Cary Kochman">
Cary Kochman

Cary Kochman (born April 1965) is the Head of the North American Mergers and Acquisitions Group at Citigroup. Cary Kochman Cary Kochman is the Co-Head of the Chicago Citi office. Cary Kochman has over 24 years of investment banking experience. Prior to joining Citigroup in 2011, Cary Kochman was Global Head of M&A for UBS & Co-Head of the Midwest Region. Before joining UBS Investment Bank in 2004, Cary Kochman was the Head of the U.S. M&A Department for Credit Suisse. He worked at Credit Suisse (CS and The First Boston Corporation as it was previously known) for over 14 years.
Cary Kochman graduated from the University of Illinois at Chicago with his B.S. in Accounting. He continued his education at the University of Chicago where he received his J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School and his M.B.A. from the Booth School of Business. He is also a distinguished alumn of the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Cary Kochman specializes in mergers and acquisitions, activism defense, strategic hostile defense, divestitures, corporate takeovers, and is also considered a leading cross-border M&A expert. As a banker, he serves as an advisor to directors, special committees, management teams, and governments. He has completed over $200 billion worth of transactions.
Cary Kochman is also a regular speaker and panelist. He lectures at Northwestern University's MergerWeek. Cary Kochman is active across many of Chicago's leading civic organizations including the Executive Club of Chicago, The Economic Club of Chicago, the Commercial Club of Chicago and acting as a Trustee of the Shedd Aquarium. He is member of the Council On Chicago Booth. He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of CENSA(Council for Emerging National Security Affairs).
References.
Financial Times Article: Ups and downs in the world of dealmaking "Cary Kochman, head of Americas M&A at UBS, who recently advised Bucyrus, the US mining equipment manufacturer, on its $8.6bn sale to Caterpillar, the maker of earth-moving equipment, urges caution. “The outlook for M&A is one of cautious improvement,”
UBS Loses Co-M&A Boss Cary Kochman to Citigroup
Bloomberg Article: Stock Is New Cash for Takeovers as Zappos, Marvel Use ‘Option’ In stock transactions, “selling shareholders get an option on an economic recovery,” said Cary Kochman, UBS AG’s Chicago- based Head of Americas mergers and acquisitions. “It provides buyers with insurance against another downturn.”
New York Times Article - Stock Is the New Cash in Recent Acquisitions In stock transactions, “selling shareholders get an option on an economic recovery,” Cary Kochman, UBS’s Chicago-based Head of Americas mergers and acquisitions told Bloomberg News. “It provides buyers with insurance against another downturn.”
The Deal News Weekly "Cary Kochman, head of Americas M&A at UBS, attributes the rise to the lumpiness of a few larger deals, including Roche Holding AG's $43.7 billion bid for Genentech Inc. and Dow Chemical Co.'s $18.8 billion offer for Rohm and Haas Co."
Speaker at the Wisconsin School of Business Director's Summit - Topic: THE BOARD’S ROLE IN M&A
Wall Street Journal: "Right now you see a lot of institutions in survival mode. We've moved from the luxury of consolidation to the necessity of consolidation," says Cary Kochman, Head of U.S. M&A for UBS AG.
NYU Stern Agenda Speaker - "We're at a trough and we're likely to build slowly out of it," said Cary Kochman, Head of Americas M&A at UBS . "It took 7 years to build back from the last cycle downturn. The cycle times from trough to peak are not short," said Cary Kochman.
Speaker at the 2009 Cambridge Symposium - Topic: THE FUTURE OF BRIC INVESTING - How has BRIC investing changed? Are corporations refocusing on growth? What happens next to the BRICs?
Kellogg School of Management - Article: MergerTalk: Cash is King; Does That Pop 'Buyout Bubble' talk? "Cary Kochman, the Chicago-based Head of U.S. M&A at UBS AG, says he's skeptical of cash-versus-stock generalizations. "These things are highly time specific, fact specific and culture specific," he says."
CFO Magazine - Article: Buying American "We see a pickup in interest from global companies wanting to assess their strategy in the U.S.," says Cary Kochman, Head of M&A for the Americas at UBS, who expects increased activity into next year.
Reuters India - Article: Weak Market Pushes Deal-Failures to Record "Completion-risk is on everyone's mind. We are, on a historical perspective, amid the lowest level of deal completion," said Cary Kochman, Head of M&A for the Americas at UBS. "2008 was marked by high-profile broken deals and an intense level of litigation."
Reuters article 26 March 2010: "It is likely because you are seeing a pickup in cross-border activity as companies move from an internal cost-cutting focus back to global growth and footprint," Kochman told Reuters in an interview.
Directors’ Summit Speaker: Directors’ Summit, now in its 9th year, is an intensive ISS-accredited program developed with the support of NASDAQ to address current governance regulations and best practices with insight from leading governance experts. Directors’ Summit offers the latest information on critical issues facing every Board today, enhancing director knowledge and improving the overall effectiveness of Boards.
Financial Times: More dealmakers leave UBS for Citigroup The exodus from UBS’s investment bank in the US is continuing with the departure of one of its co-heads of global mergers and acquisitions, Cary Kochman, and two other senior bankers.
Citi Announces Senior Global Banking Hires The exodus from UBS’s investment bank in the US is continuing with the departure of one of its co-heads of global mergers and acquisitions, Cary Kochman, and two other senior bankers.
Bloomberg Brief - 05.22.12 Citigroup Inc.’s Cary Kochman and Sameer Singh advises Eaton Corp. on its $11.8 billion agreement to buy Cooper Industries Plc.
Four of the five Citigroup bankers advising Robbins & Myers Inc. on its $2.54 billion sale to National Oilwell Varco Inc. joined Citigroup from UBS AG in the past two years.
Awards.
-2004–present: Who's Who in the Chicago Business Community
-2001: Chicago Business 40 under 40

</doc>
<doc id="20668772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668772" title="Mandria">
Mandria

Mandria is the name of the following settlements :

</doc>
<doc id="20668780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668780" title="Carrier's stamp">
Carrier's stamp

Carrier's stamp is a type of postage stamp used by private mail carriers to deliver mail directly to an addressee from the post office.
History.
When the postal service was first organized and the delivery of mail was only from one post office to another post office and not directly to the addressee. This created the need for private mail carriers.
In the United States, this specialized category of stamps existed mainly from 1842 to 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="20668787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668787" title="Fredrik Heffermehl">
Fredrik Heffermehl

Fredrik Stang Heffermehl (born 11 November 1938) is a Norwegian jurist, writer and translator. He formerly worked as a lawyer and civil servant from 1965 to 1982 and as the first secretary-general of the Norwegian Humanist Association, from 1980 to 1982. He later made his mark as an independent writer and activist for peace and against nuclear arms.
Career.
Born in Rena, Heffermehl enrolled at the University of Oslo, graduating with the cand.jur. degree in 1964. He then worked as a lawyer from 1965 to 1973, while also taking a master's degree in 1970 at New York University. In 1973 Heffermehl was hired as a sub-director under the Norwegian Consumer Ombudsman. He left this position in 1980 to become the first secretary-general of the Norwegian Humanist Association. He left the Humanist Association in 1982 to work as an independent writer. In addition to writing non-fiction books, Heffermehl has translated several books to Norwegian.
In 1988 he became the president of the NGO Norwegian Peace Council, and a member of the board of the International Peace Bureau. In 1994 he became vice president in the International Peace Bureau, and in 1997 he assumed the same position in the International Association of Lawyers Against Nuclear Arms. After stepping down as president of the Norwegian Peace Council, he was proclaimed honorary president.
Support of Mordechai Vanunu.
Heffermehl is an outspoken supporter of Mordechai Vanunu, the technician who revealed the Israeli nuclear programme. Heffermehl said in 2008 that he had nominated Vanunu for the Nobel Peace Prize eighteen times. He has also tried to pressure the Norwegian government to grant political asylum to Vanunu on numerous occasions, citing that Norway has a special responsibility due to their 1959 delivery of heavy water to Israel via Great Britain. In April 2008 it was revealed that the Norwegian Directorate of Immigration had granted asylum to Vanunu in 2004, but the decision was overturned by then-Minister Erna Solberg. Upon the revelation Heffermehl expressed concern that although the political leadership of Norway changed in 2005, not nearly enough was done in the way of helping Vanunu, due to perceived loyalty concerns to the United States. Minister of Foreign Affairs Jonas Gahr Støre, on the other hand, stated that Norway already had put enough pressure on Israel, through diplomatic channels. In May 2008 Heffermehl, this time together with prominents jurists such as Ketil Lund and Jan Fridthjof Bernt, again petitioned to Norwegian Prime Minister to take action.
Nobel Peace Prize criticism.
Since August 2007 Heffermehl has marked himself as a staunch critic of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, which, according to Heffermehl, has failed to comply with the will of Alfred Nobel, thereby making several awards—45% of the awards after 1945—juridically illegal. Among the laureates perceived by Heffermehl as illegal are the more controversial laureates, such as Henry Kissinger and Le Duc Tho (1973) and Arafat, Peres and Rabin (1994), but also less controversial ones such as Mother Teresa (1979) and Elie Wiesel (1986). Although many laureates have done "commendable work", Heffermehl stresses that this is not good enough to receive a prize whose criteria explicitly pertain to disarmament and peace work.
His views were first explained in-depth in the 2008 book "Nobels vilje" (English: "Nobel's Will"). Since 1948, the selection of members of the Nobel Committee has been delegated from the Parliament of Norway (against what Nobel prescribed) to the major political parties. According to Heffermehl, the Norwegian political parties have used committee membership as an award to over-the-hill politicians in recognition of their service, rather than picking non-partisan people with an actual background in peace activism. Furthermore, Heffermehl, being an opponent of the Norwegian membership in NATO, finds that the broad pro-NATO consensus among Norwegian political parties has skewed the Nobel Peace Prize in a similar direction. This, says Heffermehl, runs contrary to Alfred Nobel's wishes to abandon military institutions.
In an interview with "Ny Tid" he suggested that the current Committee members be replaced with people such as Jan Egeland, Ingrid Fiskaa, Jostein Gaarder and Sverre Lodgaard. Other suggestions from Heffermehl include Gunnar Garbo, Ingrid Eide, Erik Dammann, Torild Skard, Reiulf Steen, Johan Galtung and Berit Ås. In "Nobels vilje", Heffermehl regrets that Eide was not hired as Nobel Committee secretary when she actually applied for that position in 1990.
Criticism of Norwegian parliament distorting Nobel's intention.
In the autumn of 2010 Heffermehl published a critical study, "The Nobel Peace Prize. What Nobel really wanted". The aim was to look into the methods used by the Norwegian establishment to repress his rediscovery of the content of the prize for "the champions of peace" named in the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel. Nobel made a choice between two fundamentally different ways forward for humanity, either continuing to seek peace by military means or by co-operation on international law, institutions, and disarmament. When Parliament and the Nobel Committee ignored his views and declared that no one supported his interpretation, Heffermehl set out to prove them wrong. He found that numerous academic and other works over the years had expressed the same views on the role of Bertha von Suttner and that Nobel intended to support the antimilitarist peace movement. This made it necessary to use the fate of the Peace Prize for a case study of the distortion of Nobel's testament and how Parliament had managed the prize entrusted to them by Nobel.
"The Nobel Peace Prize" in English has been updated and expanded for editions in Chinese (FLP, Jan. 2011), Swedish (Leopard, Oct. 2011), Finnish (LIKE, Dec. 2011), Russian (Aletheia, in 2012). On December 10, 2011, a leader of the Nobel Family Association for 15 years, Michael Nobel, supported the criticism voiced by Heffermehl, warning that Norwegian politicians may lose their independent control of the peace prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20668842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668842" title="Andrew Lindsay">
Andrew Lindsay

Andrew Lindsay MBE (born 25 March 1977) is a British former Olympic medal-winning rower and the CEO of Telecom Plus, which owns The Utility Warehouse.
Early life.
Lindsay was educated at Eton College, where he first started rowing, and read geography at Brasenose College, Oxford. He rowed in the Oxford blue boat in The Boat Race three times, once as president of the boat club, and in The Childe of Hale, the First VIII of Brasenose College Boat Club. In 1994 he won bronze at the World Rowing Junior Championships in Munich.
Rowing career.
Lindsay won a gold medal in the coxed eights event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, as a member of the British rowing team.
Post-retirement business career.
After his Olympic success, Lindsay announced his retirement from competitive rowing and went into business. He worked for Goldman Sachs UK and Ryness Electrical prior to joining Telecom Plus in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20668875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668875" title="Eighties (song)">
Eighties (song)

"Eighties" is Killing Joke's first single from their fifth studio album, "Night Time". It was originally released in April, 1984 under E'G Records as a 12" and 7" single and was produced by Chris Kimsey. The 12" single A-side featured the track "Eighties (Serious Dance Mix)" with "Eighties" and "Eighties (The Coming Mix)" as B-sides. The 7" single exempted the "Serious Dance Mix" and instead, featured "Eighties" as the A-side. Also, the 7" single was sold with a bonus 7" single of "Let's All Go (to the Fire Dances)". The single reached number sixty in the UK Singles Chart, but received less recognition than the 1992 song "Come as You Are" by the US band Nirvana, which had a similar riff. A short snippet of "Eighties" was the opening theme to the short-lived 2002 Fox sitcom "That '80s Show".
Reception.
According to drummer Paul Ferguson, "Eighties", like other music by Killing Joke, was "aggressive music. It's not polite entertainment...we've got songs in the dance charts...as far as I'm concerned, Killing Joke is dance music. I'm not at all displeased with getting into the disco charts. I think it shows great hope for the world."
In a 2004 interview with Alex Smith, Ferguson described the band's music as "the sound of the earth vomiting. I’m never quite sure whether to be offended by the question of 'are we Punk' or not, because, I loved Punk music, but we weren't. And I think our influences were beyond Punk. Obviously before Punk, there was Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and there was Yes even and King Crimson, and those had all influenced me as a player, and the other guys would say other things, but I’m sure they were all part of their history as well."
Nirvana.
The song "Come as You Are", by American grunge band Nirvana, has a riff similar to "Eighties." Nirvana and its management were unsure about releasing the song as a single from their 1991 studio album, "Nevermind". Danny Goldberg, head of Nirvana's management Gold Mountain, later revealed that "couldn't decide between 'Come as You Are' and 'In Bloom.' was nervous about 'Come as You Are' because it was too similar to a Killing Joke song . . . but we all thought it was still the better song to go with. And, he was right, Killing Joke later did complain about it." Nirvana biographer Everett True writes that "Come as You Are" was eventually chosen for release as a single because "Goldberg favoured the more obviously commercial song".
After Nirvana released the single in 1992, members of Killing Joke claimed the main guitar riff of "Come as You Are" plagiarized the riff of "Eighties", but according to "Rolling Stone" magazine, they did not file a copyright infringement lawsuit, because of "personal and financial reasons". However, conflicting reports, such as "Kerrang!", have stated differently.
Cobain's death in 1994 effectively dissolved Nirvana and the conflict with Killing Joke. If there was a lawsuit issued that "Kerrang!" claimed, it was either thrown out of court, or it was dropped to take the burden off the remaining members of Nirvana and their management. However, the court that supposedly took the case was not named and many doubted that Killing Joke ever issued a lawsuit against Nirvana.
An interview with Geordie Walker that same year reassured the possibility of a said lawsuit, thus proving that the claim by "Kerrang!" was not a hoax. Walker stated:
Nine years later, in 2003, Dave Grohl, Nirvana's drummer, took a leave of absence from his current band, the Foo Fighters, to record on drums for Killing Joke's second self-titled album. The move surprised some Nirvana fans, given Nirvana's past conflict with Killing Joke.
Bill Janovitz, writer for the website Allmusic, reviewed "Eighties". He compared and contrasted "Come as You Are" and "Eighties":
However, "The Big Takeover" magazine's Jack Rabid reported that Captain Sensible's "Life Goes On", recorded by The Damned for their 1982 album, "Strawberries", "features the exact same, extremely unique riff as both 'Eighties' and 'Come as You Are'." Jaz Coleman and Paul Ferguson have separately claimed to have no knowledge of this.

</doc>
<doc id="20668885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668885" title="Trade regulation">
Trade regulation

Trade regulation is a field of law, often bracketed with antitrust (as in the phrase “antitrust and trade regulation law”), including government regulation of unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive business acts or practices. Antitrust law is often considered a subset of trade regulation law. Franchise and distribution law, consumer protection law, and advertising law are sometimes considered parts of trade regulation law. 

</doc>
<doc id="20668903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668903" title="Profession (disambiguation)">
Profession (disambiguation)

A profession is a specialized occupation characterized by intensive training leading to a professional degree and subsequent licensure.
Profession may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20668966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668966" title="Andy O'Connor">
Andy O'Connor

Andrew James O'Connor (September 14, 1884 to September 26, 1980) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. O'Connor played for the New York Highlanders in . In 1 career game, he had a 0-1 record, with a 10.13 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
O'Connor was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts and died in Norwood, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20668998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20668998" title="Dəlləkli, Yardymli">
Dəlləkli, Yardymli

Dəlləkli is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 556. 

</doc>
<doc id="20669013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669013" title="Mamulğan">
Mamulğan

Mamulğan is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 468. 

</doc>
<doc id="20669017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669017" title="The Bianchi Cup">
The Bianchi Cup

The Bianchi Cup is the NRA National Action Pistol Championship, a major Action Pistol tournament held over three days in late May, in Columbia, Missouri at the Green Valley Rifle & Pistol Club. It has the largest purse of any tournament on the action pistol calendar and is the premier action pistol championship tournament in the world. The Bianchi Cup is the only major shooting tournament that has retained its original course of fire since its inception.
It is one of the most prestigious events in shooting, with the best shooters in the world in competition each May in Missouri. Due to the high accuracy required in each stage, the tournament is widely considered one of the most difficult championships in all of the shooting sports.
NRA Bianchi Cup.
The Bianchi Cup is traditionally held the week before Memorial Day weekend every year since its inception in 1979. It is the first tournament that turns the sport of competition shooting as a whole from amateur to professional status by offering the winner a large cash prize in addition to trophies. Before NRA took control in 1984 the overall winner took home the entire cash purse of $30,000 in addition to the Bianchi Cup itself. It has its origins in the law enforcement shooting community. Recently, with the creation of the Production Division, it has become one of the fastest growing disciplines in the action shooting community. 
The Bianchi Cup is one of the three championships of action shooting's triple crown, along with the IPSC U.S. Nationals, and the Steel Challenge.
Since its inception in 1979, 1985 championship year being the exception, the Bianchi Cup has retained its original courses of fire, consisting of four matches known as the "Events": Practical, Barricade, Moving Target and Falling Plates. Speed, accuracy, and precision, all three are equaling important factors and are considered fundamentals that form the core of the match, but most importantly, strong mental discipline on match days is the ultimate key to winning the Championship. Such is the case in the open division, where the top finishers are known to shoot perfect scores of 1920 separated by x-counts and one bad shot out of 192 can easily put a potential winner down 10–15 places in the rankings. Each event is timed and is worth 480 points, equaling a total of 1920 possible points plus 192 tie-breaking x's. In 1985 Practical Event was temporarily replaced by the 60-shot, 600 points International Rapid Fire Event, almost identical to that of the ISSF 25 m Rapid Fire Pistol Match. The main differences for the Bianchi Cup/NRA Action Pistol version was that it must be fired from a standing, hands-over-shoulder starting position, gun holstered, on five Bianchi D-1 "Tombstone" cardboard targets placed 25 yards downrange, using center fire handguns, with the option of using the ground as support if one can make the time limit without incurring any late shot penalties. The total possible score for that year was 2040 points plus 204 x's. This sudden deviation from the original format proved unpopular so the organizers dropped it and re-instated the Practical Event the following year since. 
Action pistol competitors are permitted to use a two-handed grip (except for the 8 second 10 yard weak-hand series in the Practical Event), and in most cases competitors must start from standing position with their guns holstered and hands above the shoulders. One exception being the Barricade Event, where competitors start with gun in holster and both hands on the barricade. During the course of the match, participants fire at turning or moving cardboard silhouette targets – known as the D-1 (or AP-1 as of 2007) "Tombstones", and steel plates that must be knocked down to count as hits.
The NRA National Action Shooting Tournament is a money-winning event. For his victory in 2008, Doug Koenig took home the 2008 Bianchi Cup trophy, plus total cash awards of over $8,000. Robert Vadasz Metallic Sight win netted him over $5000. For 2009, total prize money awarded increased over 30% from the previous year. NRA continues to improve the Cup in the original spirit of John Bianchi's vision. The already generous awards schedule has added additional prizes over the years for Newcomers, Juniors, & new for 2010 the Grand Senior category. Sponsorship from major corporations such as MidwayUSA, Safariland, Smith & Wesson, Colt, & Sig Sauer have helped make this possible.
From 2009 30th Anniversary onwards, the NRA Bianchi Cup offers an Open Division, Metallic Division and the new Production Division to bring more shooters to the sport. Recent years have also introduced a Celebrity Pro-Am as a Saturday Event. This fan favorite spectacle has included participants from the music, film, and television branches of the entertainment industry including Mark Wills, Michael Peterson, Marshall Teague, & Michael Talbott. Cowboy Mounted Shooting sensation Kenda Lenseigne made her first appearance at the Celebrity Pro-AM in 2010 and won.
This event draws shooters from all over the world. In 2008, international competitors hailed from Australia, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Netherlands, United Arab Emirates and the United States.
The Bianchi Cup is unique in that a newcomer's orientation is always held at the Competitor's meeting. Former & current Champions as well as the Match Staff are usually in attendance to help new shooters in their first attempt at the National Action Pistol Championship.
Class awards are awarded to various categories to include High Law Enforcement, High Woman, High Junior, High International, High Newcomer, High Senior, High Service, High Semi-Auto, High Revolver, and Aggregate.
NRA has re-instituted a few measures to lower entry fee cost. One was to "bring a buddy". If a competitor were to bring a friend who had never competed at the NRA Bianchi Cup, both competitors would have a reduced entry fee. NRA also offers reduced fees for Juniors, Production Firearms, Active Duty Military and those that register early.
History.
The four shooting events are:
The Practical Event: From the appropriate shooting line, the shooter fires at distances from 10 yards to 50 yards under varying time limits.
The Barricade Event: From within shooting boxes and behind barricades, a shooter fires at targets on either side of the barricade at different distances and under varying time limits.
The Falling Plate Event: From the appropriate shooting line, the shooter fires at 8-inch round, steel plates arranged in banks of six at distances from 10 to 25 yards under varying time limits.
The Moving Target Event: From within shooting boxes at distances ranging from 10 to 25 yards, the shooter fires at a target moving from left to right with the target being exposed for only 6 seconds.
• Competitors shoot all these events from both standing and prone positions and are also required to shoot with both strong and weak hands at various stages. On top of these events, the championship also features many side events that do not impact the match aggregate score. The competitors use handguns. The most popular caliber choices are 9mm, .38 Spl., .38 Super, and .45 ACP. These pistols are drawn out of holsters when the signal to fire is given at each stage.
• The first competitor to fire a perfect score was Doug Koenig of Pennsylvania in 1990 with a 1920-157X.
• This event draws top shooters from all over the world. International competitors have hailed from Austria, Australia, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan, Lithuania, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Philippines, Saudi Arabia (1987–1989), Republic of South Africa, Switzerland, Taiwan (1996), Thailand (1993 and 1994), and the United Kingdom.
• The first NRA World Action Pistol Championship match was held in the United States at the present home of the NRA Bianchi Cup in Columbia, MO. 1994 was the first year; there were five countries competing for the Open Team event and three countries competing for the Women's Team event. Thereafter the World Action Pistol Championship was held in Adelaide Australia 1997, Hamilton New Zealand 1999, Italy 2001 and again in the USA in Columbia MO in 2004. The NRA World Action Pistol Championships were then to be rotated to sponsor countries every two years from 2006 (Australia, Blacktown Rifle & Pistol Club) and returning to the United States every eight years (2012). In 2008 it was conducted in Hamilton, New Zealand, November 5–8. For 2010, the event returned to Sydney, Australia at the Blacktown Rifle & Pistol Club.
Champions.
A new Bianchi Cup made of sterling silver is produced each year and awarded to the winner, as well as a silver Bianchi Champion belt buckle. Smaller trophy cups & silver belt buckles emblazoned with the Bianchi Star are awarded to the division champions.
Current champions.
Previous champions.
Bianchi Cup Winners
1979: Ron Lerch 1816-062x 
1980: Mickey Fowler 1889-085x
1981: Mickey Fowler 1890-088x
1982: Mickey Fowler 1903-145x
1983: Brian Enos 1903-612x
1984: Brian Enos 1910-257x
NRA National Action Pistol Champions
1985: Rob Leatham 2034-155x
1986: W. Riley Gilmore 1916-144x
1987: John Pride 1912-151x
1988: John Pride 1918-163x
1989: Lemoine Wright 1914-152x
1990: Doug Koenig 1920-157x
1991: W. Riley Gilmore 1920-166x
1992: Doug Koenig 1920-169x
1993: Bruce Piatt 1920-170x
1993: Brian Kilpatrick, Australia 1920-173x
1994: John Pride 1920-174x
1995: John Pride 1920-179x
1996: Mickey Fowler 1918-184x
1996: Ross G. Newell, Australia 1920-163x
1997: Bruce Piatt 1920-181x
1998: Doug Koenig 1920-180x
1999: Bruce Piatt 1920-185x
2000: Doug Koenig 1920-185x
2001: Doug Koenig 1920-184x
2002: Doug Koenig 1920-184x
2003: Doug Koenig 1920-183x
2004: Doug Koenig 1920-177x
2005: Doug Koenig 1920-185x
2006: Bruce Piatt 1920-177x
2007: Doug Koenig 1920-185x
2008: Doug Koenig 1918-185x
2009: Bruce Piatt 1920–181x
2010: Doug Koenig 1920-179x
2011: Doug Koenig *1920-187x (High Score)
2012: Doug Koenig 1920-182x
Stock Firearm (Production) Champions
1994: Bruce Gray-Category Winner 1883-112x
1995: Rod Jones- Category Winner 1810-105x
1996: Bruce Gray-Category Winner 1889-125x
1997: Steve Sweeney-Category Winner 1850-115x
Production Class Champions
2009: Dave Sevigny 1806-101x
2010: Kyle Schmidt 1856-121x
2011: Rob Leatham 1883-132x (XDm 5.25)
2012: Vance Schmid 1887-118x (CZ SP01 Shadow)
2013: Enoch Smith 1904-144x (Xdm 5.25)
Metallic Sight Firearm Champions
1998: Chad Dietrich 1905-125x
1999: Fred Craig 1863-127x
2000: Rob Leatham 1897-145x
2001: Vance Schmid 1896-130x
2002: Rob Leatham 1884-136x
2003: Frederick Craig 1886-128x
2004: Rob Leatham 1905-144x
2005: Rob Leatham *1910-153x (High Score)
2006: Rob Leatham 1902-145x
2007: Rob Leatham 1902-153x
2008: Rob Vadasz 1902-138x
2009: Rob Leatham 1909-145x 
2010: Rob Vadasz 1904-146x
NRA National Action Pistol Women’s Champions
1980: Edith Almeida 1821-073x
1981: Edith Almeida 1652-045x
1982: Edith Almeida 1304-077x
1983: Sally Van Valzah 1765-091x
1984: Lee Cole 1761-096x
1985: Lee Cole 1957-119x
1986: Christie Rogers 1759-096x
1987: Lorna Pavelka 1787-088x
1988: Christie Rogers 1836-111x
1989: Yoko Shimomura 1882-129x
1990: Christie Rogers 1885-124x
1991: Janina Tenace 1888-134x
1992: Lorna Pavelka 1899-142x
1993: Judy Woolley 1898-148x
1994: Judy Woolley 1906-148x
1995: Dewi Hazeltine 1908-150x
1996: Sharon Edington 1899-140x
1997: Sharon Edington 1906-142x
1998: Anita Mackiewicz *1914-148x (High Score)
1999: Vera Koo 1894-137x
2000: Robyn Estreich 1902-157x
2001: Vera Koo *1910-137x (High Score)
2002: Vera Koo 1905-151x
2003: Vera Koo 1894-141x
2004: Vera Koo 1886-136x
2005: Vera Koo 1894-149x
2006: Vera Koo 1897-143x
2007: Julie Goloski 1903-139x
2008: Vera Koo 1870-136x
2009: Julie Goloski Golob 1907-138x
2010: Jessie Abbate 1906-163x
NRA World Action Pistol Champions – Open
1994: John Pride 1920-174x
1997: Adrian Hunter 1920-150x
1999: Doug Koenig 1920-180x
2004: Doug Koenig 1920-177x
2006: Bruce Piatt 1920-176x
2008: Doug Koenig 1920-181x 
2010: Doug Koenig *1920-188x (High Score)
NRA World Action Pistol Champions – Metallic
1994: N/A
1997: N/A
1999: N/A
2004: Jerry Miculek 1893-122x
2006: Frank Reiche 1852-124x
2008: Vance Schmid *1902-133x (High Score)
2010: Tony Drabsch 1887-125x
NRA World Action Pistol Champions – Production
2010: Marc Kleser 1839-109x
NRA World Action Champions – Stock Gun
1999: United Kingdom
Facts.
The Bianchi Cup is the brainchild of former police officer John Bianchi of holster maker Bianchi International, the late Ray Chapman – one of the original "Combat Masters" of IPSC shooting, and Richard Nichols, Bianchi's right hand man. as a law enforcement training match. In the early years only the top-finishing competitors from wildly varying disciplines – from Olympics ISSF Pistol/NRA Conventional Pistol Bullseye to IPSC, were personally invited by the match creators to compete together equally. Over the years the match became proving ground for high-tech, cutting-edge firearm technology that competitors were encouraged to exploit due to the relatively unrestricted equipment rules in hopes that insights gained can be practically applied to law enforcement applications. See raceguns for more descriptive details regarding these specialized "Cup" guns.
The Courses of Fire that comprise the 1920 aggregate points consists of four separate matches:
The Practical Event: From the appropriate shooting line, the shooter fires at distances from 10 yards to 50 yards under varying time limits.
The Barricade Event: From within shooting boxes and behind barricades, a shooter fires at targets on either side of the barricade at different distances and under varying time limits.
The Falling Plate Event: From the appropriate shooting line, the shooter fires at 8 inch round steel plates arranged in banks of six at distances from 10 to 25 yards under varying time limits.
The Moving Target Event: From within shooting boxes at distances ranging from 10 to 25 yards, the shooter fires at a target moving from left to right with the target being exposed for only 6 seconds.
Competitors shoot from both standing and prone positions and are also required to shoot with both strong and weak hands at various stages.
Media coverage.
Since 2008, Shooting USA on the nationally syndicated Outdoor Channel has covered the NRA Bianchi Cup championship.
It has also been covered in other press, including numerous professional and amateur videos uploaded to YouTube, "Shooting Sports USA" the digital magazine, "American Rifleman" magazine, Down Range TV with Michael Bane, the popular Gun Nuts media firearms blog, and NRAblog.

</doc>
<doc id="20669018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669018" title="Yeni Abdinli">
Yeni Abdinli

Yeni Abdinli is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 366. The municipality consists of the villages of Yeni Abdinli, Abdinli, and Xanbulaq. 

</doc>
<doc id="20669036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669036" title="Ben Hunt-Davis">
Ben Hunt-Davis

Benedict Hunt-Davis (born 15 March 1972) is a former British competition rower and an Olympic champion.
Hunt-Davis was educated at Shiplake College, Henley-on-Thames in Oxfordshire 
Hunt-Davis won a gold medal in the Men's VIIIs at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, as a member of the British rowing team, the only British crew to have won this event since 1912.
Hunt-Davis is a keynote speaker and performance coach and owns a corporate development company, Will It Make The Boat Go Faster? Ltd with Tom Barry.
He has also works for the British Olympic Association, he was the Chairman of the 2011 World Rowing Junior Championships and is Chairman on the Organising Committee for the 2013 World Rowing Cup at Eton Dorney. 
He has co-authored a book "Will It Make The Boat Go Faster?" with Harriet Beveridge. 
On 27 July 2012, Hunt-Davis was one of crew of the "Gloriana" which rowed with the Olympic Torch from Hampton Court Palace to Westminster Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20669047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669047" title="Beach Cities Health District">
Beach Cities Health District

Beach Cities Health District (BCHD) is a government agency dedicated to providing preventive health services to the community. Formed in 1955, it is the special-purpose district responsible for the improving the health of the citizens of Hermosa Beach, Manhattan Beach, and Redondo Beach. The main office of the BCHD is located in the city of Redondo Beach, California; its primary youth fitness facility is located in the city of Manhattan Beach.
The purpose of Health Districts in California is to provide health facilities or health services for the benefit of the district and the people served by that district. As a government agency, a health district has the power to exercise the right of eminent domain, secure financing through assessment of tax levy, and issue bonds.
History.
Health care districts were founded in California during the late 1940s in response to a lack of medical services in rural areas. State legislature passed the “Local Health Care District Law” authorizing communities to form special districts that built and operated hospitals and health care facilities. Los Angeles County formed the District to build and operate the South Bay Hospital. In 1998 the hospital ceased to operate as a hospital since nearby Little Company of Mary Hospital and Torrance Memorial hospitals served the community more than adequately.
Blue Zone.
Blue Zone is a concept used to identify a demographic and/or geographic area of the world where people live measurably longer lives, particularly marked by physically active centenarians. Beach Cities Health District succeeded in being the top finalist among 55 communities vying to become the next Blue Zone in a joint venture with HealthWays and a team of experts to work on a pilot program to make the next Blue Zone on earth through healthy community initiatives. Working in concert with the three city governments, school district and local employers, the goal is to improve the health of residents through making policy-level environmental improvements.
In January 30, 2012, Blue Zones survey data provided by Gallup Polls showed many health indicators up in beach cities, most notably: 14 percent drop in obesity, 3.6 percent decrease in smoking (seven percent of residents report smoking compared to 10.6 percent previously), and 5.6 percent increase in residents exercising at least 30 minutes three times a week. 
After three years as a joint venture with Nashville-based HealthWays, the program was approved by the governing board of the Beach Cities Health District to continue as a completely District-funded project, furthering the mission of the District and continuing on the path established by the accomplishments achieved in the first two years.
Organization.
The BCHD has a governing board of 5 members, elected by the voters of the three beach cities. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of BCHD reports to the Governing Board and the following departments report to the CEO:
The structure of the management and coordination of district services is:
Funding.
According to the district’s most recent audited financials, the District’s various funds had $10.8 million in Revenues, $12.1 million in expenditures, $84.5 million in total assets, $2.4 million in total liabilities, and $32.0 million in cash and investments.
BCHD is a government agency, but according to the most recent audited financials, "80% of the District's services were financed with funding sources other than taxes." Total revenues of the District are $10.8 million. About 19% of BCHD’s funding is derived from property taxes, 24% from fees derived from user fees for health-related services such as fitness classes and the balance from other sources such as property leases (16%), interest (24%) and partnerships (15%). Total assets of the District are $84.5 million and total liabilities of the District are $8.8 million. It has $32.0 million in cash and investments.
According to the current year's budget message, the District had not had positive cash flow in nine of the most recent ten years and despite economic pressures of real estate and interest rates is budgeting a positive cashflow for the second year of a turnaround.
Operation.
Youth Services.
BCHD offers provides programs and supports funding for physical education, nutrition education, childhood obesity prevention, counseling for substance abuse, social skills and drop-out intervention for school-age children. Programs are aimed at educating children and their parents about healthy lifestyle choices. Youth Services also oversees AdventurePlex, BCHD’s children’s fitness center in Manhattan Beach.
AdventurePlex.
AdventurePlex is BCHD’s fitness center for kids and families, a health and fitness center in Manhattan Beach, created for youth that bridges fitness with recreation. The facility has a four-level indoor play structure with tunnels and slides, two outdoor rock climbing walls, an outdoor ropes course, a sports court, and a gym for kids and parents. AdventurePlex provides classes such as karate, dance, volleyball, and day- and week-long camps during weeks that schools are out such as summertime, spring break and Christmas break.
School Health Services.
School Health Services provides a variety of physical, mental and social health programs for children in the beach cities public schools. Services provided include health education for elementary students; physical education for children kindergarten through sixth grade; lifeskills and substance abuse education for middle school students; and obesity prevention education at the elementary level.
Adult Services.
Adult Services focuses on improving the health and wellness of adults who reside in the beach cities through fitness classes, health screenings, wellness classes, support groups and educational programs.
Health Education.
BCHD offers wellness classes, Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and Automated external defibrillator (AED) training, health screenings, support groups and education classes for health professionals. It also promotes health and preventive care to the beach cities through community campaigns and by helping residents find needed services.
Center for Health and Fitness.
The Center for Health and Fitness is a medically based fitness facility. The Center has a . gym with cardio and weight equipment, certified personal trainers, group exercise classes, child care, massage, nutritional counseling, yoga classes, T'ai chi for Arthritis and locker rooms. The Center serves people of all ages and physical conditions with a large senior constituency. All instructors hold a college degree in a health-related discipline, and/or are certified by the American College of Sports Medicine, National Academy of Sports Medicine and National Strength and Conditioning Association.
Center for Pilates and Movement Therapy.
Pilates focuses on integration of the entire body, strengthening the abdomen, hips and lower back. The Center for Pilates and Movement Therapy offers classes including Mat, Reformer, Feldenkrais, Gyrokenisis, Arthritis Foundation Exercise and Prenatal Pilates.
Nutrition.
Beach Cities Health District offers nutrition consultations through a registered dietitian specializing in preventive approaches to chronic degenerative diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, elevated blood lipid and adult, teenage and child obesity.
Senior Services.
Senior Services provides services to improve the quality of life and maintain the independence of older and disabled beach cities residents. These include home visits and assessments, links to health and community services and advocacy, ongoing contact and care plans, fitness and wellness programs, support services including peer counseling, a conversation companion program, errand volunteers, general support groups and educational programs on age-related issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20669058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669058" title="Sehdev">
Sehdev

Sehdev (pronounced: seh-dev) is one of the many last names of early Jat tribes that played an important historical role in Sikh history who later adopted Sikhism. They share their family tree with Mair Rajputs. Sehdev is a clan of the Rajput and Jat people and found in the states of Punjab and Rajasthan in India. During the Mughal era many Punjabi families followed the teachings of the Guru and were baptized as Khalsa and joined the Guru's order of followers. Many Punjabi Rajput families also enrolled in the Guru's Army, or (Punjabi translation) "Khalsa Panth" and baptized as Khalsa Sikhs, Sehdevs being one of them. 

</doc>
<doc id="20669061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669061" title="Pipal, Nepal">
Pipal, Nepal

Pipal is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3519 people living in 682 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669069" title="American Association of Airport Executives">
American Association of Airport Executives

The American Association of Airport Executives (AAAE) is the professional association that represents airport management personnel at public-use commercial and general aviation airports in the United States of America. It provides its members with industry-related services, support, training, and various professional development opportunities.
History.
The American Association of Airport Executives was founded in September, 1928, at what is now Los Angeles International Airport. Created by 10 airport directors, it was created as an organization to represent airport management throughout the United States.
Today, AAAE's nearly 5,000 members represent 850 airports and numerous other airport-related corporations and organizations. It maintains six regional affiliate chapters that provide services on a local level.
Professional Development.
AAAE offers three professional accreditation/certification programs to its members:
An "Accredited Airport Executive (A.A.E.)" has met specific membership, age, experience and education requirements, has demonstrated the ability to handle the responsibility of airport management, and possesses an exceptional knowledge, comprehension and understanding of aviation management. Members who complete this program earn the right to use the "A.A.E." designation after their names.
A "Certified Member (C.M.)" has met specific membership requirements and has demonstrated comprehensive knowledge of airport management. Members who complete this program earn the right to use the "C.M." designation after their names.
An "Airport Certified Employee (ACE)" has completed a training/education program in one of four fields (Operations, Airfield Lighting Maintenance, Security or Communications) and has earned the right to use the "ACE" designation after his or her name.

</doc>
<doc id="20669070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669070" title="Ünəş">
Ünəş

Ünəş is a village in the municipality of Əsədəbad in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20669076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669076" title="Pokhara, Rapti">
Pokhara, Rapti

Pokhara is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3360 people living in 676 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669077" title="Puerta del Sol, Toledo">
Puerta del Sol, Toledo

Puerta del Sol is a city gate of Toledo, Spain, built in the late 14th century by the Knights Hospitaller. 
The medallion above the arch of the gate depicts the ordination of the Visigothic Ildephonsus, Toledo's patron saint. The name of the gate comes from the sun and the moon that were once painted on either side of this medallion.

</doc>
<doc id="20669080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669080" title="9th July Stadium">
9th July Stadium

The 9th July Stadium is a football stadium in Misrata, North West Libya. It was the previous home of the Libyan national team and hosted some of the country's 2006 World cup qualifiers, most notably against Cameroon, where they restricted the Indomitable Lions to a 0-0 draw.
The stadium is the home of Asswehly, but also hosts matches that involve Misrata's other clubs, such as Alhiyad and Aschmooe.
The stadium has a capacity of 10,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20669087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669087" title="Purtim Kanda">
Purtim Kanda

Purtim Kanda is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3431 people living in 632 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669091" title="Reinado Internacional del Café">
Reinado Internacional del Café

The Reinado Internacional del Café ("International Queen of Coffee") beauty pageant, was internationally launched as the Reinado Continental del Café ("Continental Queen of Coffee") in 1957, and the name was changed to the current one in 1972 in order to allow for the participation of countries from America and other continents. The pageant has always been held in Manizales, Colombia, in January during the "Feria de Manizales", and is organized by "Instituto de Cultura y Turismo de Manizales" annually. More than 20 contestants participate every year. The current titleholder is Priscilla Durand, from Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="20669092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669092" title="Brendan O'Sullivan">
Brendan O'Sullivan

Brendan O’Sullivan is a former hurler with Kerry and Ballyheigue.
Intercounty career.
O'Sullivan was a member of the Kerry senior hurling team during the 90s and 00's. He was a member of the Kerry team with beat Waterford in the 1993 Munster Senior Hurling Championship Kerry's first win in the Championship since 1926. He was still part of the team that lost the 2003 National Hurling League Final to Antrim and that made it to the 4th round of the qualifiers only to lose out to Limerick. He won a League Medal in 2001 when Kerry beat Westmeath in the final. He also won a Railway Cup with Munster in 1996 to date the last Kerry man to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20669095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669095" title="Lefty Bertrand">
Lefty Bertrand

Roman Mathias "Lefty" Bertrand (February 28, 1909 – March 17, 2002) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Bertrand played one game for the Philadelphia Phillies in .

</doc>
<doc id="20669097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669097" title="Pwang">
Pwang

Pwang is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1541 people living in 283 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669105" title="Pyaugha">
Pyaugha

Pyaugha is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3303 people living in 549 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669106" title="Churnet Valley Line">
Churnet Valley Line

The Churnet Valley line was one of the three original routes planned and built by the North Staffordshire Railway. Authorised in 1846, the line opened in 1849 and ran from in Cheshire to in East Staffordshire. The line was closed in several stages between 1964 and 1988 but part of the central section passed into the hands of a preservation society and today operates as the Churnet Valley Railway.
Origins.
Various proposals were put forward for a line through the Churnet Valley in the 1830s and in 1841 plans were published by the "Manchester & Derby Railway (Churnet Valley) Company" for a line from Macclesfield to Derby via Leek, Cheadle, Rocester and Uttoxeter. At Macclesfield the line would connect with the Grand Junction Railway and at Derby with the North Midland Railway and would result a direct route between Manchester and London. In 1844 the company by now renamed simply the "Churnet Valley Railway Company" laid out its prospectus for construction of the line in 1844 and following approval of the plan by the Board of Trade preparation was made for the necessary approval of Parliament to be sought. 
As the draft bill was being considered by the House of Commons the directors of the company agreed an amalgamation with the "Trent Valley Railway" and the "Staffordshire Potteries Railway" to form the "Churnet, Potteries and Trent Junction Railway" soon to be called the "North Staffordshire Railway" (NSR). The Churnet Valley bill was withdrawn and in 1846 a new bill was submitted to Parliament entitled the North Staffordshire Railway (Churnet Valley Line) Bill.
The merger of the three companies had not been without opposition and many shareholders of the Churnet Valley company
were worried that the Churnet Valley line would become a small adjunct to the other NSR lines between Derby–Crewe and Macclesfield–Colwich. After negotiation it became a stipulation of the bill that the dividend of the NSR could not exceed 5% until the Churnet Valley line was fully open. With this concession granted the bill proceeded through Parliament and received Royal Assent on 26 June 1846. Allocated capital for the lines was £1,200,000.
Construction.
The tender for construction of the line was let in 1847 to J & S Tredwell for a price of £330,218. Construction began in September 1847 and in November 1847 a champagne party was held underground to celebrate the laying of the first brick in Nab Hill tunnel near Leek. Work on the section south of Leek involved diverting the River Churnet at Consall and also one of the first instance of a canal being converted into a railway with closure of the Uttoxeter Canal and it being used as the track bed between Froghall and Uttoxeter. The conversion had been made possible by the acquisition of the Trent and Mersey Canal and its subsidiaries, the Caldon Canal and the Uttoxeter Canal, by the NSR as part of the 1846 act. Work on the line was concluded in 1849 and the line of opened to both passenger and freight traffic on 13 July 1849.
Operation.
Although originally planned as a main route between Manchester and Derby the line became, as many shareholders had worried, something of a backwater. Through trains required co-operation with the LNWR, something that the NSR did not have for many years and when good relations with the LNWR were settled some through services were run but not as many as once anticipated. 
Train services settled to a small number of local trains between Macclesfield and Uttoxeter supplemented by a smaller number of slightly shorter workings e.g. Macclesfield—Leek. A lot of excursions were run over the line as the NSR made efforts to promote Rudyard Lake as a tourist destination. The lake, actually a reservoir, supplied water to the Trent & Mersey Canal and had therefore become the property of the NSR in 1846. However the NSR only owned the lake, not the land around it and protracted legal proceedings meant that the NSR were not fully able to promote Rudyard until the early part of the 20th century. Another important tourist destination for the NSR was also served by the line; Alton Towers, owned by the Earl of Shrewsbury, was open to the public on several days during the summer and the NSR provided special trains on these occasions.
The NSR were not the only group seeking to promote the Churnet Valley as a tourist destination and through the efforts of a number of local hoteliers the valley became known as "Little Switzerland". Despite the picturesque description which arose from the valley's steep sides, the area was also an important site in the mineral industry with iron and copper as well as limestone and sandstone being quarried. Previously carried by canal, the output from the quarries and the associated industries was moved by rail especially when the NSR opened a line from Stoke to Leek in 1867. Principal among these were the copper wire works at Froghall and Oakamoor and the limestone quarries at Caldon Low. The latter was also owned by the NSR and moved stone from the quarry to Froghall station via a narrow gauge railway. At one point over 1000 tons a week was being shipped from Froghall to Brunner Mond.
London Midland Scottish years.
Along with the rest of the NSR the line passed into the ownership of the London, Midland and Scottish railway (LMS) which made little change to the operation of the line. Passenger services remained much as they had done under the NSR, but Alton Towers became an increasingly popular tourist destination and frequent excursions terminated there. Further north, at Rudyard, there were quite a few changes as the LMS sold off the golf club and the Rudyard Hotel. One result was a confusing change of station names; Rudyard Lake was renamed Cliffe Park, and Rudyard was renamed Rudyard Lake.
One long distance train ran over the line, the Saturdays-only "Eastern Counties Express" between Manchester and Cromer ran in both directions along the Churnet Valley, stopping only at Leek to pick up/set down passengers to or from beyond Nottingham.
Freight traffic suffered from the effects of the Great Depression, the most notable casualty being the ceastion of operations at Caldon Low quarries, although they subsequent re-opened when the LMS found a lessee for the quarry. The narrow gauge line between the quarry and Froghall closed in 1936 and all output was shipped via the Waterhouses branch, which left the Churnet Valley line at Leekbrook Junction.
Wartime services.
With the outbreak of World War II the line as with most British railways moved to an emergency timetable. The Churnet Valley was unusual in that the basic service was improved in terms of number of services even if the timings were slower. The increase in services was due to Bolton's at Froghall being an important munitions site and Alton Towers becoming 121 Officer Cadet Training Unit, Royal Artillery.
British Railways.
Following Nationalisation, the line became part of the London Midland Region of British Railways. Passenger services remained fairly consistent with the wartime levels of 5 up trains and 6 down trains a day with additional workmens services between Leek and Uttoxeter. Falling passenger numbers throughout the 1950s led to a proposal in 1959 for the withdrawal of all advertised passenger services between Macclesfield and Uttoxeter and the retention of the non advertised workmens services between Leek and Uttoxeter only. Despite objections the proposal was implemented on 7 November 1960. This did not stem the financial losses on the line, and the entire line between Leek and North Rode closed in June 1964. At the same time local goods facilities were withdrawn at all other stations except Leek followed in January 1965 by the withdrawal of the workmens services over the south section between Leek and Uttoxeter and the closure of the line south of Oakamoor. 
This left the line with public goods services from Leek to Stoke and bulk sand traffic from Oakamoor. The Leek services lasted until 1970 when the line between Leek and Leekbrook Junction closed but the Oakamoor sand traffic continued until 1988.
Preservation.
In 1971 a preservation society, the Cheshire and Staffordshire Railway Society, were looking for a site. One of their first possible locations was the section of line between Rudyard and Leek but this fell through with the demolition of the Leek station buildings in 1973. Still looking for a site the society now renamed the North Staffordshire Railway Society managed to secure a lease on from its new owners, Staffordshire County Council. 
Despite not having access to the track through the station, as this was part of the line to Oakamoor the members established a small heritage site. With the withdrawal of the last freight services from Oakamoor in 1988, the society was able to take over the line and commence bigger operations. 
Since then the society has reopened the stations at Cheddleton, Consall and Kingsley & Froghall.

</doc>
<doc id="20669111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669111" title="Ranmamekot">
Ranmamekot

Ranmamekot is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2516 people living in 564 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669126" title="Rugha">
Rugha

Rugha is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3396 people living in 599 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669135" title="Simli">
Simli

Simli is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3595 people living in 651 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669147" title="Sisne">
Sisne

Sisne is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1217 people living in 225 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669153" title="Port Victoria P.V.2">
Port Victoria P.V.2

The Port Victoria P.V.2 was a British prototype floatplane fighter of the First World War, designed and built at the Royal Naval Air Service's Port Victoria Marine Experimental Aircraft Depot on the Isle of Grain. Only a single aircraft was built, with the type not being chosen for production.
Design and development.
The Port Victoria Depot's second design, designated Port Victoria P.V.2 was a floatplane fighter intended to intercept German Zeppelins. The P.V.2 was a small single engined biplane, powered by a Gnome Monosoupape rotary engine driving a four blage propellor. It was of wood and fabric construction, and of "sesquiplane" configuration, i.e. with its lower wing much smaller than its upper wing (both of which used the high-lift wing sections pioneered by the P.V.1). Unusually, the aircraft's wing bracing struts also carried the aircraft's floats, forming a "W" shape when viewed from the front. The upper wing was attached directly to the top of the fuselage, giving a good field of fire for the intended armament of a single 2-lb Davis gun recoilless gun.
The P.V.2 first flew on 16 June 1916, and demonstrated good performance and handling. The upper wing, however, while giving excellent upwards view to the pilot, gave a poor downwards view of the pilot, particularly during landing, while the Davis gun had lost favour with the Admiralty as an anti-Zeppelin weapon. The P.V.2 was therefore rebuilt as the P.V.2bis with a revised, longer span upper wing mounted 12 inches (0.30 m) above the fuselage and the Davis gun replaced by two Lewis guns mounted above the wing, firing over the propellor. The modified aircraft first flew in this form in early 1917. 
While the P.V.2bis again showed excellent handling, the RNAS's requirement for a floatplane anti-Zeppelin fighter had lapsed, and no production was ordered.

</doc>
<doc id="20669157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669157" title="Sobha, Nepal">
Sobha, Nepal

Shova is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5498 people living in 1054 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669169" title="Syalakhadi">
Syalakhadi

Syalagadi is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3182 people living in 552 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669177" title="Syalapakha">
Syalapakha

Syalapakha is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4596 people living in 905 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669185" title="Taksera">
Taksera

Takasera is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3853 people living in 801 individual households. It has altogether 6 clustered villages in different locations within the Takasera VDC.

</doc>
<doc id="20669188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669188" title="Umbilicaria vellea">
Umbilicaria vellea

Umbilicaria vellea is a species of lichen in the genus "Umbilicaria". It is sometimes called Navel Lichen. It is found in North America and Europe in alpine and arctic habitats. It is similar to the species "Umbilicaria americana", which has a more southern distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20669197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669197" title="Kol, Nepal">
Kol, Nepal

Kol is a village development committee in Rukum District in the Rapti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2880 people living in 608 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669226" title="Catfish Stephenson">
Catfish Stephenson

Catfish Stephenson is an American blues musician, living and working in Madison, Wisconsin. One of the cities best established street musicians (he has played on State Street since 1968), he has performed widely across the Midwest, has toured the United States and Europe, and performed live on "A Prairie Home Companion". Stephenson is best known for playing slide guitar on a National steel guitar.
Stephenson has influenced numerous younger musicians, including the Chicago-based guitarist, Joel Paterson, who met and played with Stephenson when the former was a teenager. Guitarist John Hasbrouck was mentored by Stephenson during the 1980s. Hasbrouck later dedicated his debut solo album, "Ice Cream", to him.

</doc>
<doc id="20669260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669260" title="Luka Grubor">
Luka Grubor

Luka Grubor (born 27 December 1973) is a retired rower, born in Zagreb, who competed internationally for Yugoslavia, Croatia, and Great Britain as well as for Oxford in the 1997 University Boat Race. Grubor won a gold medal in the men's eight at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, as a member of the British rowing team.

</doc>
<doc id="20669273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669273" title="Utah Municipal Power Agency">
Utah Municipal Power Agency

Utah Municipal Power Agency is a cooperative of cities in the State of Utah. The cooperative includes the cities and towns of Levan, Utah; Manti, Utah; Nephi, Utah; Provo, Utah; Salem, Utah; and Spanish Fork, Utah which each own their own electric utility systems. The electric cooperative allows each of the member cities to pool power generation, transmission, and other resources to make the purchase and sale of electrical power to their customers competitive and affordable.

</doc>
<doc id="20669284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669284" title="TAFIM">
TAFIM

Technical Architecture Framework for Information Management (TAFIM) is a 1990s reference model for enterprise architecture by and for the United States Department of Defense (DoD). 
TAFIM provided enterprise-level guidance for the evolution of the DoD Technical infrastructure. It identifies the services, standards, concepts, components, and configurations that can be used to guide the development of technical architectures that meet specific mission requirements.
TAFIM has been developed by the United States Department of Defense from 1986 until 1999. Parallel in 1994 they started the development of the C4ISR Architecture Framework, which evolved into the Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF) in the new millennium. TAFIM concepts are further developed in TOGAF, which first version in 1995 was based on the TAFIM framework. 
Overview.
The "Technical Architecture Framework for Information Management" (TAFIM) was described in 1995 as:
This architecture, and associated model, is not a specific system design. Rather, it establishes a common vocabulary and defines a set of services and interfaces common to information systems. It identifies standards and guidelines in terms of the architecture services and interfaces. 
The architecture serves to facilitate the development of plans that will lead to interoperability between mission area applications, portability across mission areas and cost reductions through the use of common services. 
TAFIM subsumes the widely accepted Open-system environment reference model within the network services and communications area. 
History.
The development of TAFIM started around 1986 at the US Defense Information Systems Agency/Center for Information Management. The first concept of TAFIM was derived from the NIST Application Portability Profile and the POSIX (or IEEE P1003.00SE) model. 
The first draft of TAFIM was completed in 1991 with the TAFIM Technical Reference Model (TAFIM TRM). This technical reference model wanted to use open systems and new technologies available in the commercial market, to develop a DoD-wide application. The TAFIM project has resulted in an eight-volume Information Technology Architecture "how-to" manual, see image, published in 1996 by the Department of Defense. 
The original development of TOGAF Version 1 in 1995 was based on the Technical Architecture Framework for Information Management. The US Department of Defense gave The Open Group explicit permission and encouragement to create TOGAF by building on the TAFIM, which itself was the result of many years of development effort and many millions of dollars of US Government investment.
The 1996 US DoD publication on TAFIM was the latest version published. TAFIM has been cancelled as a stand alone document in 1999. In 2000 the whole TAFIM concept and its regulations have been re-evaluated and found inconsistent with the newly developed DoDAF architecture direction. For this reason all references to TAFIM have been removed from DoD documentation since then.
TAFIM topics.
DoD technical and data standards.
Defense’s technical and data standards are designed to enable systems to easily interoperate and transfer information. Its standard definitions for data elements are intended to ensure that users of all Defense systems define the same data in the same way and have a common understanding of their meaning. Defense has developed or is in the process of defining technical standards in the 1990s with the Technical Architecture Framework for Information Management (TAFIM), the Joint Technical Architecture (JTA), and the Defense Information Infrastructure Common Operating Environment (DII COE).
The Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) is responsible for developing, obtaining from commercial sources, and maintaining the compilation of Defense Information Infrastructure technical standards, and it is responsible for maintaining a Defense data dictionary system as a repository of data requirements and for facilitating the cross-functional coordination and approval of standard formats, definitions, etc. PSAs, the military services, Defense agencies, and Joint Chiefs of Staff are responsible for reaching agreement on the standards and approving them as DOD standard data elements. DISA is then responsible for disseminating the approved standard data elements for use throughout the Department.
DoD Standards-Based Architecture Planning Process.
The Standards-Based Architecture (SBA) planning process. defined by the TAFIM, consists of seven distinct, but interdependent, phases. Each phase of the SBA process is intended to create specific deliverable products and or documents, that guide the subsequent phase. The seven phases are briefly outlined below. 
Integrated Model of Architectural Views.
The "Integrated Model of Four Architectural Views" is part of the target architecture, defined in the TAFIM. It gives a vision on the organization in all of its architectural views, especially the work architecture. The model, see figure, depicts an overall framework to develop the target architecture deliverable. Each view of the target architecture has some overlap with aspects of the other views. This overlap supports the argument that the model depicts the developing of a single, integrated architecture. 
The entire enterprise, as defined, includes Work organization, Information, Application, and Technology. This leads to the four different views:
This gallery with the four views shows the interrelationship between the four views as mentioned earlier. In the view models of later Enterprise Architecture frameworks, such as the DoDAF the views are presented in layers and no longer interconnected. 

</doc>
<doc id="20669295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669295" title="Archale">
Archale

Archale is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2373 people living in 378 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669301" title="2009 in rugby union">
2009 in rugby union

Here is the complete list of fixtures and results of test match rugby in 2009. All major international competitions, such as the Tri Nations and the Six Nations Championship, continue, as does the qualification process for the 2011 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20669313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669313" title="Riding for My Life">
Riding for My Life

Riding for My Life is an autobiography by horse-racing jockey Julie Krone, with Nancy Richardson. It serves as part of the basis for the upcoming film "The Boys Club".
Film Adaptation.
Julie Krone was one of the greatest jockeys of all time. The Boys Club is her story... 
"The Boys Club" is a film adaptation of Julie Krone's biography, Riding for My Life. A vivid look at the world of horse racing, The Boys Club explores one woman’s battle against sexual inequality in the classic tale of an underdog’s passage toward victory. It is based on the true story of Julie Krone's rise to fame and unparalleled success as a horse racing jockey. The film is written by award-winning filmmaker Katherine Brooks, and will be produced by Sophie Watts and executive produced by John Manulis. [http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/hr/content_display/news/e3i68e139dfad45cdada32738abceeaffc8][http://www.freakthemovie.com/]
Production.
"The Boys Club" is currently in pre-production.
Plot.
Julie Krone is the world's greatest ever female horse racing jockey. By age 25, Julie was the first woman ever to win a riding title at a major track, the first woman ever to win five races in one day at a New York track, and one of three jockeys ever to win six races on one card.In 1993, she became the first female winner of a Triple Crown race, riding 14-to-1 long-shot Colonial Affair to victory in the Belmont Stakes—"showing the patience, intelligence and tactical savvy that have made her one of the nation's leading performers," wrote William Nack of "Sports Illustrated".[http://vault.sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1138678/index.htm[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9F0CEEDB113DF935A35755C0A965958260]
The Boys Club follows Julie's struggles in her tomboy childhood in rural Michigan and her early-career drug use, her battles with fellow jockeys and the media and her climb up the jockey success ladder, the horrific 1993 racetrack accident that crushed her leg and chest, and her painful determination to make a comeback - all part of her hard-hitting fight to become a female jockey in the male-dominated world of horse racing.[http://www.amazon.com/Riding-My-Life-Julie-Krone/dp/0316504777] 
Despite a series of debilitating falls and challenges, by the time Julie retired in 1999, she had won 3,545 races and more than $81 million in purse earnings.[http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2000/08/07/sports/main222526.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="20669314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669314" title="Plump Fiction">
Plump Fiction

Plump Fiction is a 1998 parody film, released by Rhino Entertainment. It's a spoof of 1990s films in general, and violent, convoluted films more specifically; the overall story is a takeoff of "Pulp Fiction", complete with intertitles and an out-of-sequence storyline, with bits of "Reservoir Dogs" and "Natural Born Killers" thrown in.
Synopsis.
At the start of the movie, Don LaFontaine's voice talks about how Tarantino started a trend of extremely violent movies, and says that the time has come for much more wholesome, life-affirming movies — and he's cut off as someone shoots him.
The body of the film contains the following intertwined plotlines:
After the credits, a server at the Independent Cafe (who calls himself Priscilla, Queen of the Desserts) looks into the camera and says, "This has been one long, mixed-up, crazy, out-of-sequence kind of day!"
Parodies.
The following films, people, and TV shows are parodied or satirized in the film:
One of the things being satirized in this film is the way well-known songs are used in "Pulp Fiction" and "Reservoir Dogs"; the theme is an electric-guitar instrumental of "Hava Nagila", Jimmy and Mimi dance at the Cafe to the tune of "Gitarzan", etc.
Reception.
"Plump Fiction" has received extremely negative reviews from critics. Based on 5 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, the film currently holds a 0% "Rotten" rating. It is currently ranked #100 on the IMDb Bottom 100.
Poster.
The poster is a parody of the "Pulp Fiction" poster:
Availability.
"Plump Fiction" has been released on VHS videocassette and DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="20669331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669331" title="Vern Curtis">
Vern Curtis

Vernon Eugene Curtis (May 24, 1920 – June 24, 1992), nicknamed "Turk", was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played parts of three seasons in the majors for the Washington Senators between and . Curtis served in the military during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20669345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669345" title="Elnathan Whitman">
Elnathan Whitman

Elnathan Whitman (November 18, 1785 – 1868) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the township of Annapolis in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1836 to 1840.
He was born at Rosette (later Round Hill, Nova Scotia), the son of John Whitman, and, after completing his education, engaged in agriculture and fruit-growing. Whitman's first wife was Eleanor Spurr; he later married Charlotte Tupper. He died at Round Hill at the age of 83.
His son George and his brother Alfred also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20669355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669355" title="Reinado Internacional del Café 2009">
Reinado Internacional del Café 2009

Reinado Internacional del Café 2009, was held in Manizales, Colombia, on January 10, 2009. 21 contestants attended the event. The winner was Alejandra Mesa Estrada, from Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="20669370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669370" title="Steve Trapmore">
Steve Trapmore

Stephen Patrick 'Steve' Trapmore (MBE) (born 18 March 1975) is an English competition rower and Olympic champion.
Trapmore won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, as a member of the British rowing team.
Working with Sport Imperial, Steve is also Imperial’s Olympic Ambassador, which will involve engaging with the London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games (LOCOG) and other agencies in the run up to the 2012 Olympics in London. Imperial is bidding to host either the Youth Camp for the Games, a small nation’s training camp or individual team hosting.
Steve started rowing at 15 at the Walton Rowing Club. By the age of 17 he was in the Great Britain Junior Team. As a senior athlete he trained with the Nottinghamshire County Rowing Association.
He has also won a gold, silver and bronze medal at the World Championships as well as wins at Henley Royal regatta and the Eights Head of the River race with Queen's Tower BC training out of the Imperial College Boat House.
On 26 July 2010, Steve was announced as having accepted the post as chief coach of Cambridge University Boat Club, to lead them into the 2011 Boat Race campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20669382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669382" title="Log furniture">
Log furniture

Log Furniture, is a type of rustic furniture, incorporating the use of whole logs. It is often designed to have a "pioneer" look. Log Furniture is often very durable and long-lasting, depending on the manufacturing methods used.
Log furniture, reclaimed wood furniture and other types of rustic furniture have increased in popularity in recent years, and as a result, there are many more styles of decor and options available for those looking to furnish their mountain lodges, country homes or log cabins. The more economical lines of log furniture are typically milled by machine and massed produced, while those shoppers who are looking for unique style may opt for the more expensive collections of handcrafted one-of-a-kind log furniture.
Manufacturing Methods.
There are various methods for building log furniture, from a sleek finished look, to a rustic ‘craggy’ look. Since it is often a custom built item, building log furniture is time consuming and often quite expensive.
The mortise and tenon method is often favored for its strength.
Wood Types.
Log furniture can be manufactured from most any wood type so long as the timbers used have adequate dimensions and strength. Some of the most popular types of wood include aspen, hickory, pine, red cedar, white cedar and walnut, however you can find log furniture made from exotic woods such as osage orange.
Checking.
Certain cracks in logs are referred to as "checks" or "checking". Checking is part of the natural drying process of the wood and normally does not affect the structural integrity of the log. Checks are cracks that run vertically (with the grain). These checks can be as much as 3/4 inch in width depending on the diameter of the log.

</doc>
<doc id="20669402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669402" title="Sunflower (2006 film)">
Sunflower (2006 film)

Sunflower () is a 2006 South Korean film.
Plot.
Former gangster Tae-sik is released from prison and heads back to his hometown to live in a small restaurant with a woman. Attempting to leave his past behind, he takes a job in a garage and tries to keep away from the local gangs, most of whom still live in fear of his brutal reputation. When a local politician wants to knock down his adoptive mom's restaurant to build a new shopping mall, Tae-sik struggles to avoid returning to a life of violence.
Release.
"Sunflower" was released in South Korea on 23 November 2006, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 267,065 admissions. It held the number-one spot for a second consecutive weekend, and went on to receive a total of 1,543,429 admissions, with a gross (as of 7 January 2007) of $8,221,999.
In 2007 New Yorker Films picked up the distribution rights and gave the film a limited North American theatrical release to 1 movie theater where it grossed a total of $23,919.

</doc>
<doc id="20669405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669405" title="John Mike Dooley">
John Mike Dooley

John Mike Dooley is a Hurler from Co. Kerry. He has played with the Kerry senior team and the Irish Hurling/Shinty Compromise International Rules team. He also plays with his local club, Causeway. He won a league medal with Kerry in 2001 score in a 4-14 to 3-10 win over Westmeath. He made three of his sides' four goals. He won a County Senior Championship medal with Causeway in 1998. In 2005, he won Kerry's first Christy Ring Cup All Star.

</doc>
<doc id="20669409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669409" title="Argali, Palpa">
Argali, Palpa

Argali is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2729 people living in 511 individual households.
Argali is a plain area between the mountain where around more than 2000 people live. Khya village is in the west of argali and kalipar village in the west. Kaligandaki flows near the Argali. Historical Rana‘s palace is also there in Argali which have been turned to school now. Argali is a beautiful place where there is access of transportation, communication and electricity. The famous Rishikesh temple and Ridi Bazaar is only 5 km away from Argali.

</doc>
<doc id="20669411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669411" title="Backwoods Home Magazine">
Backwoods Home Magazine

Backwoods Home Magazine is a bi-monthly American magazine that has a circulation of 41,000. It was founded in 1989 in a garage in Ventura, California, by Dave Duffy and his seven-year-old daughter, Annie. After publication of the second issue, Duffy met Ilene Myers, who became his wife and partner-in-publication. "Backwoods Home" remains family-owned. It is based in Gold Beach, Oregon.
"Backwoods Home's" articles and columns emphasize practical skills and projects for rural living. Typical topics include building your own structures, growing crops, earning a living in the country, frugal living, cooking and baking, raising animals, harvesting wild foods, homegrown energy, emergency preparedness, self-healthcare, and buying and using firearms. The magazine also features historic and scientific "debunking" articles by long-time senior editor, John Silveira. "Backwoods Home" is also known for its libertarian and libertarian-conservative editorial viewpoints.
History and philosophy.
Dave Duffy, then a technical writer and former journalist, and his seven-year-old daughter Annie started the magazine with no money other than an occasional freelance paycheck in 1989. They initially published it from a garage in Ventura, in Southern California. Duffy's original concept was for a book called "Build a Backwoods Home for Under $10,000". The book was to be based on his experience constructing an off-grid home in the Siskiyou mountains of Oregon, to which he was commuting every few months.
He started the magazine as a means of advertising the proposed book. The first issue, with a print run of 6,000, came out in October 1989 and was distributed free and by hand by Duffy and Annie. A few months later, the publication was picked up by a national distributor, American Distribution Services of Northbrook, Illinois (now defunct). The book was never completed.
"Backwoods Home" has been called "what "Mother Earth News" used to be" – that is, a no-frills, back-to-basics resource for country dwellers and those hoping to move to the country. At the time of "Backwoods Home's" founding, Mother Earth had become a more "slick" publication. However, Duffy says he had never heard of "Mother Earth News" at that time, and that among his chief inspirations were scientific publications from the Middle Ages.
Duffy has said, "Although the emphasis has always been on self-reliance, I rode the environmental wagon a bit back then to try and attract subscribers, but quickly gave it up and followed my Libertarian leanings. My model was a type of scientific journal from the Middle Ages ... that mixed how-to advice like wine and bread making with scientific articles. I decided to mix self-reliant articles with freedom articles. It was what interested me. It was both interesting to me – and I felt was important to everyone – to both understand how to do things for yourself and to understand how freedom worked. John Silveira, my friend since age 20, was an important element of this mix, as he had the intellect and research ability to write the critical freedom articles. The backbone of BHM has always been, and is today, the how-to article."
The magazine has for many years had a consistent circulation of 41,000, of which approximately 36,000 is subscription and 5,000 newsstand sales. The economic troubles of late 2008 and 2009 led to a substantial increase in visits to its website.
"Safety Not Guaranteed" classified ad.
In the September/October 1997 issue of "Backwoods Home", Senior Editor John Silveira wrote a joke ad as filler for the magazine's classified ad section:
The ad has been copied repeatedly, and inspired an internet meme as well as the 2012 film "Safety Not Guaranteed".

</doc>
<doc id="20669421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669421" title="Puebla de la Calzada">
Puebla de la Calzada

Puebla de la Calzada is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 5,685 (2007) and an area of 14.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20669422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669422" title="R1Soft Hot copy">
R1Soft Hot copy

Idera's Linux Hot Copy, formerly R1Soft Hot Copy (hcp) is an online disk snapshot application for Linux computers, originally produced by R1Soft. Hot Copy creates point-in-time snapshots of a disk while it is running. It is similar to the snapshot feature of Linux LVM2.
Features.
Idera Linux Hot Copy can:
Implementation.
Linux Hot Copy is implemented as Linux block device driver and is distributed as a loadable kernel module and command line utility (hcp). Hot Copy filters reads and writes to the real disk and performs a copy-on-write when changes are made to the disk. Unused areas of the hard disk are used to store changed blocks in order to maintain a point-in-time snapshot.
Compared to Logical Volume Manager snapshots.
Linux Hot Copy has several differences when compared to Logical Volume Manager snapshots:

</doc>
<doc id="20669424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669424" title="Minuscule 1739">
Minuscule 1739

Minuscule 1739 (per Gregory-Aland numbering); α 78 per (von Soden) is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 102 parchment leaves (23 cm by 17.5 cm). It is dated paleographically to the 10th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles. The text is written in one column per page, 35 lines per page. The Epistle to the Hebrews is placed before 1 Timothy. It contains scholia, lectionary markings were added by a later hand. 
It contains a large number of notes drawn from early church fathers (Irenaeus, Clement, Origen, Eusebius, and Basil), but none later than Basil (329-379 CE), suggesting a relatively early date for 1739's exemplar. The text of this manuscript often agrees with p46 and Codex Vaticanus. A colophon indicates that while copying the Pauline epistles, the scribe followed a manuscript that contained text edited by Origen.
At the end of the Second Epistle to Timothy it has subscription Τιμοθεον Β' απο Ρωμης. The same subscription appears in manuscripts P, 6, 1881.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. The Alands placed the text of the Epistles in Category I, but the text of the Acts in Category II.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
Together with manuscripts 323, 630, 945, and 1891 it belongs to the textual Family 1739 (in the Acts). In the Pauline Epistles this family includes the following manuscripts: 0121a, 0243/0121b, 6, 424, 630 (in part), and 1881.
It contains Acts 8:37, as do the manuscripts Codex Laudianus, 323, 453, 945, 1891, 2818, and several others.
In Acts 8:39, instead of πνεῦμα κυρίου ἥρπασεν τὸν Φίλιππον ("Spirit of [the Lord caught up Philip)"), it has the interesting textual variant ("Holy Spirit fell on the eunuch, and [the angel of Lord caught up Philip") supported by Codex Alexandrinus and several minuscule manuscripts: 94, 103, 307, 322, 323, 385, 453, 467, 945, 1765, 1891, 2298, 36a, itp, vg, syrh.
In Acts 12:25 it reads εξ Ιερουσαλημ εις Αντιοχειαν ("from Jerusalem to Antioch") along with manuscripts 429, 945, e, p, syrp, copsa geo; majority reads εις Ιερουσαλημ ("to Jerusalem");
In Acts 20:28 it reads του κυριου ("of the Lord") together with the manuscripts formula_174, C*, D, E, Ψ, 33, 36, 453, 945, 1891. The other manuscripts have του θεου ("of God") or του κυριου και του Θεου ("of the Lord and God").
In 1 Corinthians 7:5 it reads τη προσευχη ("prayer") along with formula_111, formula_146, א*, A, B, C, D, F, G, P, Ψ, 6, 33, 81, 104, 181, 629, 630, 1877, 1881, 1962, it vg, cop, arm, eth. Other manuscripts read τη νηστεια και τη προσευχη ("fasting and prayer") or τη προσευχη και νηστεια ("prayer and fasting").
In 1 Corinthians 15:54, along with Codex Sinaiticus, 614, 629, and 1877, the text lacks (although it has been added to the margin) το φθαρτον τουτο ενδυσηται αφθαρσιαν και ("This corruptible shall put on incorruption"). Other manuscripts that lack this phrase are formula_146, 088, 0121a, 0243, 1175, 1852, 1912, and 2200.
In a marginal note to the text of 1 John 5:6, a corrector added the reading δι' ὕδατος καὶ αἵματος καὶ πνεύματος ("through water and blood and spirit") as found in the following: Codex Sinaiticus, Codex Alexandrinus, 104, 424c, 614, 2412, 2495, ℓ "598"m, syrh, copsa, copbo, Origen. Bart D. Ehrman says this reading is an Orthodox corrupt reading.
History.
The manuscript was copied by a monk named Ephraim. He copied 1739 from an uncial exemplar from the 4th century. 
It was discovered by E. von der Goltz in 1879 at Mount Athos and is usually known by his name. A collation was made by Morton S. Enslin (in Kirsopp Lake "Six Collations").
The codex is housed at the Great Lavra (B 184), in Athos.

</doc>
<doc id="20669426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669426" title="Bahadurpur, Palpa">
Bahadurpur, Palpa

Bahadurpur is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1615 people living in 266 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669435" title="Baldengadhi">
Baldengadhi

Baldengadhi is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4529 people living in 755 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669440" title="Bandi Pokhara">
Bandi Pokhara

Bandi Pokhara is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2913 people living in 845 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669450" title="Santiago (volleyball club)">
Santiago (volleyball club)

The Santiago is the women's volleyball team of Santiago.
History.
The team was found in 2007.
Current volleyball squad.
"As of December 2008"
Coach: Héctor Rodríguez
Assistant coach: Roberto Balbuena
Palmares.
National competition.
National league: 
2007 - "3rd Place"
2008 - "3rd Place"

</doc>
<doc id="20669451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669451" title="Barandi">
Barandi

Barandi is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2475 people living in 470 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669460" title="Bunt Stephens">
Bunt Stephens

John L. "Bunt" Stephens (February 2, 1879 — May 25, 1951), known as Uncle Bunt, was an American Old-time fiddle player. After rising from relative obscurity in 1926 to win a nationwide fiddle contest hosted by automobile magnate Henry Ford, Stephens went on to record several tracks for Columbia Records and made several guest appearances on what would later become the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville before retiring to his farm near Lynchburg, Tennessee. His style of fiddle playing is believed to resemble a style that was popular before the American Civil War.
Life.
Early life.
Stephens was born in Bedford County, Tennessee on February 2, 1879 (although some sources suggest he was older). He was orphaned at a young age and raised by his aunt in Flatcreek, a small community located about halfway between Lynchburg and Shelbyville. When he was 11, he bought a fiddle from a tramp, and taught himself how to play. He began performing at local square dances in 1896, and played regularly at various events throughout the early 1900s.
Over the years, Stephens' repertoire grew to include folk tunes such as "Sail Away Lady", "The Arkansas Traveler", and "Mississippi Sawyer." Others included "Candy Girl", "Left in the Dark Blues", and "Louisburg Blues", all of which he later recorded. His favorite tune was probably "Old Hen Cackled," which is believed to have won him the blue ribbon at the Ford fiddlers' contest in 1926.
The Ford contest.
In early 1926, Ford Motor Company executives attempted to improve sales by capitalizing on the phenomenal media success of Maine fiddler Mellie Dunham's visit in December 1925 to Henry Ford and in the thousands who came to a Tuesday evening appearance at a Detroit ballroom of Ford's own old-time dance orchestra. During the second week of January, the orchestra broadcast from the Ford showroom on Broadway in New York. An experimental network of radio stations around the country was organized. Local Ford dealers were to participate by getting loudspeakers and inviting the public in to dance to the broadcasts. The two broadcasts were on Tuesday and Friday. However, the Cincinnati station did not operate on Friday. To get around this situation, Ford dealers in Kentucky quickly organized fiddlers' contests, as did those in Tennessee and southern Indiana, all areas covered by the Cincinnati station. 
After capturing first prize at the Ford dealership in Lynchburg, Stephens proceeded to the Tennessee state-wide contest in Nashville, which began on the morning of January 19, 1926. Stephens survived the first round of the state contest, and with five other finalists, was selected to play at a sold-out Ryman Auditorium that night to decide which three fiddlers the state would send to the Southeast regional contest. Stephens won third place behind Uncle Jimmy Thompson and a one-armed fiddler from Hartsville named Marshall Claiborne.
The "Champion of Dixie" contest took place at Brown Theatre in Louisville, Kentucky on January 26-27, 1926. The three finalists from Tennessee competed against three finalists from Kentucky and two from southern Indiana. Stephens won second place behind Indiana fiddler W.H. Elmore, and, being in the top three, earned a trip to Detroit. On February 9-10, 1926, Stephens, along with Elmore and Claiborne, played at a banquet in Dearborn that was held during a convention of Ford dealers from around the country. Henry Ford was present. No contest was held.
Recording and performing career.
After his appearance in Detroit, Stephens went on a tour in an attempt to replicate the commercial success of Mellie Dunham. Stephens played at various venues across the Eastern United States, which included a radio guest spot in Chicago and several guest appearances on the Grand Ole Opry (then called the WSM "Barn Dance") in Nashville. In March 1926, Stephens traveled to New York to record several sides for Columbia Records. They remain his only known recordings. In conversations with reporters, Stephens exaggerated the nature of his appearance before Ford, making himself out to be the winner of a series of national contests, when in fact Ford never held any such contest. 
Stephens died at his home near Lynchburg on July 25, 1951. He is buried at the Hurricane Church Cemetery just outside of Lynchburg. After his death, his recording of "Sail Away Lady" was analyzed by ethnomusicologist Harry Smith, who believed it to be played in a style that pre-dated the American Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20669461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669461" title="Bhairabsthan">
Bhairabsthan

Bhairabsthan is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2937 people living in 544 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669467" title="The Death of the West (disambiguation)">
The Death of the West (disambiguation)

The Death of the West is a 2001 book by paleoconservative commentator Patrick J. Buchanan.
The Death of the West may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20669469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669469" title="Bhuwan Pokhari">
Bhuwan Pokhari

Bhuwan Pokhari is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5113 people living in 969 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669474" title="Rowley Douglas">
Rowley Douglas

Rowley Douglas (born 27 January 1977) is a coxswain and Olympic champion for Great Britain.
Douglas won a gold medal in "coxed eights" at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, as a member of the British rowing team.
Education.
Monkton Combe School, Somerset, UK

</doc>
<doc id="20669482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669482" title="Birkot">
Birkot

Birkot is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3707 people living in 654 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669489" title="Baughapokharathok">
Baughapokharathok

Baughapokharathok is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3162 people living in 576 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669494" title="Boughagumba">
Boughagumba

Boughagumba is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2811 people living in 499 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669495" title="Boyd Kosiyabong">
Boyd Kosiyabong

Cheewin "Boyd" Kosiyabong () is a Thai singer-songwriter and music producer of the R&B genre whose inspirational songs and romantic ballads include multiple chart-toppers.
Biography.
Boyd Kosiyabong was born on 5 September 1967, the third of five children. Having great interest in animated cartoons and music, he started taking piano lessons by the age of four but soon had to give up formal lessons which could not satisfy his specific interest in cartoon soundtracks. He became self-taught afterwards, learning to play the theme songs of his favourite cartoons and beginning to compose by the time he was in sixth grade.
He had wished to study animation, but being unable to do so he followed the path of his other interest, music. He studied song writing, electronic music and music business at University of California, Los Angeles.
Early in his career he worked as a freelance songwriter for musical artists and advertising. After a few years, he joined Kamol Sukosol Clapp, Somkiat Ariyachaipanich and Salinee Panyarachun in founding Bakery Music, an independent music label, in 1994. Among the first of the label's acts was Modern Dog, which quickly proved successful.
Boyd was widely noted for his roles as composer and manager of Bakery Music. His compositions were mainly romantic and inspirational songs, such as "Seasons Change", which topped the charts upon its release in 1995 and later became the namesake of the 2007 film of the same name.
With the rapid growth of Bakery Music, Boyd began expanding investments into the other businesses, founding the animation studio Be Boyd Characters (now Be Boyd CG) in 1997, while partner Somkiat created the Dojo City label, which catered to young female audiences, and Bakery Music also expanded into publishing, with the magazines "Katch" and "Manga Katch".
However, the company later faced management and economic issues, and was acquired in 2000 by BMG, which in turn merged with Sony Music Entertainment to become Sony BMG in 2004. At this point, Boyd, along with the original founders of Bakery Music, left the management, while Bakery Music remains today as a sublabel of Sony.
Boyd and Kamol Sukosol Clapp then formed a new partnership and created a new label, Love Is, in 2004. Kamol later left to work in other businesses, and Love Is was restructured as a production house company.
Personally, Boyd is a devout Christian and attends church every Sunday. He is married to Worakanya Kosiyabong and has two daughters, D-Jai and Jai-D

</doc>
<doc id="20669498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669498" title="Chappani">
Chappani

Chappani is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2751 people living in 461 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669501" title="Iduwini tribe">
Iduwini tribe

The Iduwini tribe of the Ijaw people lives along the Atlantic coast of southwestern Delta State and northwestern Bayelsa State, Nigeria. Important Iduwini settlements include Amatu and Orobiri.<br>
The Iduwini Volunteer Force (IVF), a militant group made up of some clan members, conducted kidnappings and other attacks on local oil company targets in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20669504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669504" title="Chhahara">
Chhahara

Chhahara is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4610 people living in 879 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669513" title="Chirtungdhara">
Chirtungdhara

Chirtungdhara is a village development committee in Palpa District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4259 people living in 747 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20669524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669524" title="Ira Block">
Ira Block

Ira Block (born 1949, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American photographer. Since the mid-1970s, he has shot many stories for the National Geographic Magazine, National Geographic Traveler, and also National Geographic Adventure. He has photographed diverse locations in Africa, the Australian outback, the Gobi Desert, Siberia, and the North Pole where he spent three months with the late, world famous Japanese explorer, Naomi Uemura. Block's archive includes rare archaeological relics from ancient sites in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, as well as some of the only recorded images of the ritual dances of the Pueblo Indians of the American Southwest.
Photography career.
While a student at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, Block shot for the Wisconsin State Journal and covered the turbulent 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago for United Press International. After leaving Wisconsin, he freelanced in New York for many magazines including Sports Illustrated Magazine, TIME and Life (magazine)|LIFE]]. He was also a regular contributor to many foreign publications including Stern, Paris Match and German Geo Magazine.
His first National Geographic Magazine assignment was The Continental Shelf: Man's New Frontier in April 1978. In the September 1978 edition, he documented the late Japanese explorer Naomi Uemera's solo expedition by dog sled to the North Pole. Following that he photographed a series of stories on indigenous and ancient people including the Fremont and Anasazi cultures in the United States, the Aboriginal people of Australia, and the Moche in Peru. His archaeological work includes world wide, underwater treasure, colonial excavations in Jamestown, Virginia and Civil War ship wrecks.
Additionally, he has photographed major, world wide dinosaur finds and specimens. During the summer of 2007, Block spent time in the Gobi Desert and other parts of China for the July 2008 story, The Real Jurassic Park.
A collection of his work has recently been exhibited at the Ordover Gallery in Solana Beach, California.
Books.
Block's book credits include "Back Roads America", "Nature's Healing Arts", "1607: A New Look At Jamestown" and "Preserving America's Past" for the National Geographic's book division. His book, "Saving America's Treasures", was a joint project between National Geographic and the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
Teaching.
He teaches at the Maine Media Workshops and has lectured at Photo Plus Expo and the National Geographic lecture series.

</doc>
<doc id="20669537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669537" title="Alfred Whitman">
Alfred Whitman

Alfred Whitman (1797 – January 27, 1861) was a farmer, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the township of Annapolis in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1844 to 1857.
He was born in Rosette (later Round Hill, Nova Scotia), the son of John Whitman and Elizabeth Rice, and younger brother of Elnathan. For a time, he worked as a clerk and book-keeper for Phineas Lovett. He married June Spurr and operated a farm in Rosette until he was forced to find other employment due to health problems. Whitman became a merchant in Annapolis. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1840. In 1857, Whitman was named to the province's Legislative Council and served until his death in Annapolis Royal at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="20669547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20669547" title="Slidecasting">
Slidecasting

A slidecast is a term that is used to describe an audio podcast that is combined with a slideshow or diaporama presentation. It is similar to a video podcast in that it combines dynamically-generated imagery with audio synchronization, but it is different in that it uses presentation software, such as PowerPoint, to create the imagery and the sequence of display separately from the time of the audio podcast's original recording. 
Slidecasting may be useful for the display of relevant photographs or text, and are an alternative to camera video recordings. 
An alternative definition of the slidecast is the online distribution and syndication of video recordings of live slideshow presentations and accompanying narrations.
Distribution.
Like other podcast derivatives, slidecasts are syndicated through RSS. Because of the visual dependency, slidecasts are usually distributed in video formats, such as .flv or .mov, similarly to video podcasts, but HTML 5 now makes it possible for slidecasts to be distributed in straight HTML, making them compatible with iPhone and iPad devices. Slidecasts may also be embedded into webpages and textual blog articles in a similar fashion to web-based videos

</doc>
