<doc id="20718139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718139" title="History of Champagne">
History of Champagne

The history of Champagne has seen the wine evolve from being a pale, pinkish still wine to the sparkling wine now associated with the region. The Romans were the first to plant vineyards in this area of northeast France, with the region being cultivated by at least the 5th century, possibly earlier. When Hugh Capet was crowned King of France in 987 at the cathedral of Reims, located in the heart of the region, he started a tradition that brought successive monarchs to the region—with the local wine being on prominent display at the coronation banquets. The early wine of the Champagne region was a pale, pinkish wine made from Pinot noir. 
The Champenois were envious of the reputation of the wines made from their Burgundian neighbours to the south and sought to produces wines of equal acclaim. However the northerly climate of the region gave the Champenois a unique set of challenges in making red wine. At the far extremes of sustainable viticulture, the grapes would struggle to ripen fully and often would have bracing levels of acidity and low sugar levels. The wines were lighter bodied and thinner than the Burgundies.
Furthermore, the cold winter temperatures prematurely halted fermentation in the cellars, leaving dormant yeast cells that would awaken in the warmth of spring and start fermenting again. One of the byproducts of fermentation is the release of carbon dioxide gas, which, if the wine is bottled, is trapped inside the wine, causing intense pressure. The pressure inside the weak, early French wine bottles often caused the bottles to explode, creating havoc in the cellars. If the bottle survived, the wine was found to contain bubbles, something that the early Champenois were horrified to see, considering it a fault. As late as the 17th century, Champenois wine makers, most notably the Benedictine monk Dom Pérignon (1638–1715), were still trying to rid their wines of the bubbles.
While the Champenois and their French clients preferred their Champagne to be pale and still, the British were developing a taste for the unique bubbly wine. The sparkling version of Champagne continued to grow in popularity, especially among the wealthy and royal. Following the death of Louis XIV of France in 1715, the court of Philippe II, Duke of Orléans made the sparkling version of Champagne a favorite among the French nobility. More Champenois wine makers attempted to make their wines sparkle deliberately, but didn't know enough about how to control the process or how to make wine bottles strong enough to withstand the pressure.
In the 19th century these obstacles were overcome, and the modern Champagne wine industry took form. Advances by the house of Veuve Clicquot in the development of the "méthode champenoise" made production of sparkling wine on a large scale profitable, and this period saw the founding of many of today's famous Champagne houses, including Krug (1843), Pommery (1858) and Bollinger (1829). The fortunes of the Champenois and the popularity of Champagne grew until a series of setbacks in the early 20th century. Phylloxera appeared, vineyard growers rioted in 1910–11, the Russian and American markets were lost because of the Russian Revolution and Prohibition, and two World Wars made the vineyards of Champagne a battlefield.
The modern era, however, has seen a resurgence of the popularity of Champagne, a wine associated with both luxury and celebration, with sales quadrupling since 1950. Today the region's produces over 200 million bottles of Champagne with worldwide demand prompting the French authorities to look into expanding the region's "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) zone to facilitate more production.
Early history.
The Romans were the first known inhabitants to plant vineyards in the Champagne region. The name Champagne comes from the Latin "campania" and referred to the similarities between the rolling hills of the province and the Italian countryside of Campania located south of Rome. The area was divided into the "Champagne pouilleuse"—the chalky, barren plains east of Reims—and "Champagne viticole", the forested hillside region known as the "Montagne de Reims" between Reims and the Marne river where the vines were planted. While vineyards were undoubtedly planted earlier, the first recorded vineyard belonged to St. Remi in the 5th century. For most of the region's early history, the wines from Champagne were not known as "Champagne" or even "vin de Champagne". Rather they were known as "vins de Reims" and "vins de la rivère" in reference to the Marne river which provided a vital trade route via the Seine with Paris. Champagne's location at the crossroads of two major trading routes, one east–west between Paris and the Rhineland and the other north–south between Flanders and Switzerland, would bring the region and its wines much prosperity and notoriety but would also play a pivotal role in Champagne being the site of countless battles and occupations.
In 987, Hugh Capet was crowned King of France at the cathedral Reims. At the coronation banquet, the local wines of the regions were served. The city became known as a the spiritual capital of France and for the next eight centuries, monarchs would follow the tradition of Capet and hold their coronations in Reims. The association of the region with royalty did much to further the reputation of the region's wine. By the 16th century, the village of Ay, located south of Reims, was widely acclaimed for the quality of its wine with King Francis I proclaiming himself to be the ""Roi d' Aÿ et de Gonesse""—King of the lands where the country's greatest wines and flour were produced. Such was the reputation of the wines of Ay that they were known as the "vins de France", their quality representing the whole of the country rather than just a region. Eventually the name of Ay became a shorthand reference to refer to all the wines of the Champagne region. (Much like Bordeaux or Beaune is used today to refer to the wines of the Gironde and Burgundy regions, respectively.)
During the Middle Ages, the wines of the Champagne region were various shades of light red to pale pink as a bitter rivalry developed between the Champenois and their Burgundian neighbors to the south. The trade route that Flemish merchants used to get to the Burgundy went right through Reims and the Champenois were eager to entice their business with a "cheaper" alternative. Unfortunately the climate of the region made it difficult to produce red wines with the richness and color of the Burgundian wines, even though the Champenois tried to "improve" their wines by blending in elderberries. Eventually their attention moved to produce white wines in an attempt to distinguish themselves from their Burgundian rivals. However, the white wine produced from white grapes were found to have a dull flavor and quickly spoiled. The most sought after wines were those "white wines" made from red wine grapes, such as Pinot noir which had more flavor, aromatics and longevity. Throughout the 16th and early 17th century, Champenois winemakers tried to produce the best "white" wine they could from red wines grapes though the results were often not white at all but ranged from greyish color to a shade of pink known as "oeil de perdrix" or partridge eye. It wasn't until a Benedictine monk named Dom Pierre Perignon from the Abbey of Hautvillers perfected his techniques would the Champenois be able to truly make white wine from red grapes.
Dom Pérignon.
After being destroyed during the French Wars of Religion, the Benedictine Abbey at Hautvillers was rebuilt and replanted its vineyards. By 1661, the Abbey had of vineyards but were also receiving tithes in the form of grapes from nearby villages, including the highly regarded vineyards of Ay and Avenay-Val-d'Or. The Abbot commissioned the construction of a cellar and sought to hire a treasurer and cellar master to help develop the Abbey's growing winemaking operation. In 1668, Pierre Perignon was appointed to the position. Described by his predecessor, Dom Groussard, and Canon Godinot as a perfectionist, Perignon worked diligently to improve the viticultural practices of Abbey's vineyards and the quality of the wines. He was a strong advocate of using only Pinot noir grapes which he believed had the best flavor and potential quality. At the time, the vineyards of the region were planted with a variety of grapes including Pinot noir, Chasselas, Pinot blanc, Pinot gris, Pinot Meunier and perhaps Chardonnay. Most important, in Dom Pérignon's mind, was that red grapes like Pinot noir were less likely to become "volatile" in the spring and produce bubbles like the white grapes had a tendency to. The presence of bubbles in his wines was considered a fault and Dom Pérignon set out to develop precise techniques to limit the likelihood of this fault occurring.
Dom Pérignon was a staunch advocate of aggressive pruning, dictating that vines should grow no higher than and produce small yields. Harvesting was to be done early in the morning, when it was very cool, and every care was to be taken to keep the grapes intact. Grapes that were bruised or broken were rejected. Mules and donkeys were favored over horses to transport the grapes to the press houses since they were less likely to get excited and possibly damage the grapes. Dom Pérignon desired the grapes to be pressed as quickly and efficiently as possible to minimize the possibility of the grapeskins leaching into the juice. A distinction was made between the different levels of pressings. The first press, done completely by the weight of the grapes on top of each other produced the highest quality wine known as the "vin de goutte". The second and third pressings, done with weight being applied, produced wine of good but not exceptional quality. The fourth and fifth pressings, the "vin de taille" and "vins de pressoir" were of darker colors and would not be used at all. In addition to adding the pinkish/grey coloring, Dom Pérignon knew that the skins imparted different flavoring and coarser textures than he wanted in his high quality wines. His emphasis on limiting skin contact helped the Abbey of Hautvillers to produce truly white wine from red wine grapes.
English influences.
As a wealthy and powerful nation with limited winemaking resources, the English have had a marked influence on the development of sparkling Champagne. Non-sparkling Champagne became popular in London society following the arrival of epicurean Charles de Saint-Évremond in the mid 17th century. At parties and banquet, Saint-Évremond feverishly promoted the wines of the Champagne region. Soon some of the most powerful and fashionable men of London-such as the Dukes of Bedford and Buckingham as well as the Earl of Arlington were making regular orders of cases of Champagne. The wine was non-sparkling, or at least it was intended to be. Wine was often transported to England in wooden wine barrels and merchant houses would then bottle the wine for sale. During the 17th century, English glass production used coal-fueled ovens and produced stronger, more durable glass bottles than the wood-fired French glass. The English also rediscovered the use of cork stoppers, once used by the Romans but forgotten for centuries after the fall of the Roman empire. During the cold winters of the Champagne region, temperatures would drop so low that the fermentation process was prematurely halted—leaving some residual sugar and dormant yeast. When the wine was shipped to and bottled in England, the fermentation process would restart when the weather warmed and the cork-stoppered wine would begin to build pressure from carbon dioxide gas. When the wine was opened, it would be bubbly. 
The English were one of the first who saw the tendency of Champagne to sparkle as a desirable trait, and tried to understand why it did bubble. In 1662, the English scientist Christopher Merret presented a paper detailing how the presence of sugar in a wine led to it eventually sparkling, and that nearly any wine could be made to sparkle by adding sugar to a wine before bottling it. This is one of the first known accounts of understanding the process of sparkling wine and suggests that British merchants were producing "sparkling Champagne" even before the French Champenois were deliberately making it. The popularity of sparkling Champagne steadily grew. In 1663, the British poet Samuel Butler penned the first written English reference to "brisk" (i.e. frothy) Champagne in his poem "Hudibras". The 1698 George Farquhar play "Love and a Bottle" featured one of the characters marveling at the steady stream of bubbles in a glass of a Champagne. As the popularity of sparkling Champagne grew in London, other European courts began to discover the bubbly curiosity-including the French who had previously despised the bubbles as a wine fault.
Growing popularity of sparkling Champagne.
Following the death of Louis XIV in 1715, his nephew Philippe II, Duke of Orléans became the Regent of France. The Duke of Orléans enjoyed the sparkling version of Champagne and featured it at his nightly "petits soupers" at the Palais-Royal. This sparked a craze in Paris as restaurants and fashionable society sought to emulate the Duke's tastes for the bubbling wine. Champenois winemakers began to switch their business from making still wines to sparkling in order to capitalize on this craze. Throughout the 18th century, Champagne houses opened up-creating a new business dynamic in the Champagne region. Rather than single estate growers or monasteries producing the majority of wine, private houses or merchants who bought grapes from vineyard owners to make Champagne came to dominate. The houses of Moët & Chandon, Louis Roederer, Piper-Heidsieck and Taittinger were some of the major houses that were founded during this period. Each house hired sales agents to bring samples of their wine to royal courts across Europe as they competed with each other for shares of the growing Champagne market.
However, by the end of the 18th century non-sparkling pinkish wine production still accounted for over 90% of the Champagne region's production. The French Revolution and following Napoleonic wars temporarily derailed the popularity surge for Champagne. To save some of their noble clients from the guillotine, Champagnes merchants altered business records by replacing the titles of their clients with "Citizen". As many nobles fled to other countries, the merchants did their best to make sure cases of their favorite Champagne followed. During the Napoleonic wars, Europeans ports were subject to an endless stream of blockading and counter-blockading. Sales agents like Louis Bohne of Veuve Clicquot devised creative schemes to smuggle their wines to their clients. The agents even tried to turn both victory and defeat into sales opportunities. During Napoleon's invasion of Russia, Charles-Henri Heidsieck traveled by horseback ahead of the French Imperial Army on their way to Moscow. Armed with cases of Champagne, Heidsieck was prepared to do business with whoever was the victor. After the defeat of Napoleon, the Champagne region itself was occupied by Russian forces . During the occupation, Champagne was used as requisition and tribute. As her cellar was being emptied of her wine, the Widow Cliquot is reported to have said "Today they drink. Tomorrow they will pay". Her words would be prophetic because for the next century, until the Russian Revolution of 1917, the Russian empire would be the second largest consumer of Champagne in the world.
Development of the modern Champagne industry.
The roots of the modern Champagne industry were laid during the Industrial Revolution which saw vast leaps in understanding the method of making sparkling wine and improvements in the technology needed to make production more financially feasible. The French scientist Jean-Antoine Chaptal popularized the understanding that Champagne sparkled because it was sealed in a bottle before fermentation was complete. He further noted that it was the sugar in the wine that facilitated this fermentation process resulting in bubbles. Along with the bubbles came intense pressure from the carbon dioxide gas that could result in the bottles exploding. The disturbance caused by one bottle's disintegration could cause a chain reaction, with it being routine for cellars to lose 20–90% of their bottles to instability. The British method of coal fired glassmaking contributed to stronger wine bottles being available that could withstand the pressure of the carbon dioxide gas better. In the 1830s, a pharmacist from Châlons-sur-Marne named André François outlined formulas with precise measurements of how much sugar is needed to make a wine sparkle without producing more pressure than the wine bottle could withstand. Corking machines and improved corks made sealing the wine easier with less opportunity for the precious gas to seep out of the bottle.
An important advance made in the early 19th century was developing a technique to remove the sediment caused by dead yeast after the secondary fermentation. Early Champagne producers chose not to remove the sediment, which left the wine cloudy and prone to off flavors if the sediment was shaken up or poured into the glass. At royal courts and banquets, servers would pour new serving of Champagne into a fresh glass to avoid the residue of sediment left over in the previous glass. To remove the sediments, some producers would decant the wine by pouring it a new bottle. However this process caused a considerable amount of carbon dioxide gas to escape and the resulting wine was noticeably less bubbly. With the aid of her cellar master, Madame Clicquot of the Champagne house Veuve Cliquot developed the process of riddling in the early 19th century to solve the problem of sediments without losing much gas. This technique, which involves collecting the sediment in the neck of the bottle and using the pressure of the wine to eject just the sediment, led to the popularity of adding sugar-sweet dosage to replace the wine lost during riddling. The Russians, in particular, were fans of very sweet Champagne and Veuve Cliquot was able to tailor the sweetness level of their wines for their customers by the composition of their dosage. At first the house of Veuve Cliquot tried to keep this technique of riddling a secret but by the late 1820s the secret was out and Champagne houses were settling up production lines for riddling. In 1854, the French national railroad system linked Reims with the rest of the country, including its coastal ports. From that point on, Champagne was connected to its worldwide market and sales grew by leaps and bounds. During the 1850s production was averaging 20 million bottles a year.
From sweet to brut.
Throughout most of the 19th century Champagne was made sweet. The taste was pleasing to most wine drinkers and the added sugar helped winemakers to cover up flaws in the wine or poor quality from less desirable grapes. Champagne houses would use the dosage to tailor the sweetness to whatever style was in fashion in a particular market. The Russians preferred the sweetest level with as much as 250–330 grams of sugar added. Scandinavia was next at around 200 grams followed by France at 165 grams, Germany with slightly more, and the United States preferring between 110–165 grams. The English preferred the driest style at 22–66 grams of sugar. Gradually tastes developed to favor less sweetness and higher overall quality in the Champagne. The first slightly dry Champagne to emerged was labeled "demi-sec" or "half dry". The success of those wines prompted the introduction of "sec" or "dry" wines. Other producers made wines with even less sugar and began to call these wines "extra dry". In 1846, the Champagne house Perrier-Jouët introduced a wine that was made without any added sugar. This style was initially ill received with critics calling this wine too severe, or brute-like. But over the next generation, this "brut" style with significantly less sugar than wines labeled "extra dry" became the fashion for Champagne and today is the modern style that the majority of Champagne is made in.
From the late 19th century to modern day.
By the end of the 19th century, Champagne was making its mark and embedding itself into popular culture. The early 20th century brought its share of challenges. Some of the seeds of these challenges were planted during the century before when Champagne's growing popularity encouraged Champagne houses to look outside the Champagne region for a cheaper supply of grapes. The French railway system made it easy for truckloads of grapes from the Loire Valley or Languedoc to be transported to Champagne at prices nearly half of what the houses were paying Champenois vine growers for their grapes. Newspapers published rumors of some houses buying rhubarb from England to make wine from. With hardly any laws in place to protect the vine grower or the consumer, Champagne houses had most of the power in the region to profit off of these "faux" Champagnes. To compound the misery for Champenois vine growers, the last few vintages of the 19th century were difficult with frost and rains severely reducing the crop yields. The phylloxera epidemic that ravaged vineyards across France was finally making its way to Champagne. The harvests between 1902 and 1909 were further troubled by mold and mildew. The 1910 vintages was particularly troublesome with hailstorms and flooding. Nearly 96% of the crop was lost.
Collusion was practiced among various Champagne houses in order to drive down the prices of grapes to as a low as they would go, with the ever present threat that if the houses could not get their grapes for cheap enough they would continue to source grapes from outside the region. Champenois vineyard owners found themselves in a situation where they were being paid less for fewer grapes. Poverty was widespread. In January 1911, frustrations reached their boiling point as riots erupted in the towns of Damery and Hautvilliers. Champenois vine growers intercepted trucks with grapes from the Loire Valley and pushed them into the Marne river. They then descended upon the warehouses of producers known to produce "faux" Champagne, tossing more wine and barrels into the Marne. The French Government tried to answer the vine growers' concerns by passing legislation defining where Champagne wine was to come from. This early legislation dictated that the Marne department and a few villages from the Aisne department were the only areas approved to grow grapes for Champagne production. The glaring exclusion of the Aube region, where the historic capital of Champagne—Troyes—is located, promoted further discontent as the Aubois protested the decision. The Aube, located south of the Marne, was closer to the Burgundy region in terms of soil and location. The growers of the Marne viewed the region as "foreign" and not capable of producing true Champagne but the Aubois viewed themselves as Champenois and clung to their historical roots. The government eventually reversed themselves and included the Aube-much to the dismay of vine growers in the Marne who vigorously protested the decision. More riots erupted and the region was on the brink of civil war. As the government fumbled for an answer that would appease both parties, World War I erupted and those issues had to be set aside as the entire country braced itself for war.
World War I and II.
The strategic location of Champagne near the Western Front lead to Champagne wines crossing the lines into no man's land. While several Champagne houses and vineyards were abandoned, many Champenois remained and took shelter in the underground "crayères" or limestone caverns where Champagne is often aged, to escape the bombardment from German artillery. The famous Reims Cathedral was virtually destroyed by the Germans along with many other buildings in the region. Vineyards became a wasteland of pits and bomb craters as several battles and offensives were waged on the land. Still some Champenois forged on in producing Champagne during the difficult vintages of World War I (1914–1917). By the time the war ended the Champagne region had lost over half its population with the Aisne region alone losing nearly two thirds. Champagne production and warehouses were completely destroyed, as were many vineyards.
The devastation of the war did bring a silver lining. In 1919, the French government passed a series of laws that would lay the groundwork for the "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) system that would strictly define winemaking laws and regional boundaries. Measures were taken to eliminate fraud and illegal additives such as rhubarb and apple juice. Only grapes grown from the delineated Champagne region, which would eventually include the Aube, could be legally called "Champagne". The decimation of the region's vineyards provided the opportunity for vine growers to replant with phylloxera resistant rootstock and in more ideal locations for quality grape production. But amidst this silver lining, more dark clouds would emerge as the full effects of the Russian Revolution hit home and the lucrative Russian market was closed to Champagne imports. The 1920 declaration of prohibition in the United States closed off yet another market and the global economic downturn of the Great Depression lead to a further decrease in sales. World War II would bring more troops marching through the vineyards of Champagne. While the devastation brought to the region was not as severe as the previous war, World War II was still a troubling time for the region. It was in Reims, on May 7, 1945 that the German military commander Alfred Jodl offered an unconditional surrender to the Supreme Allied Commander, General Dwight D. Eisenhower. The following morning, the signing was celebrated with 6 cases of the 1934 vintage of Pommery. Wine historians Don and Petie Kladstrup noted that a World War II historian would later comment that ""the last explosions of the war were the popping of Champagne corks"".
To the modern day.
Following World War II, the sales and popularity of Champagne surged once more. Since 1950, sales have grown steadily, quadrupling in total to over 200 million bottles. The increase in worldwide demand has prompted the French authorities to look into expanding the region's AOC zone to facilitate more production. There still exist the business dynamic between vine growers and Champagne houses with majority of the region's 19,000 growers selling their grapes to the nearly 300 Champagne houses in production. Over time Champagne has become not only a reflection of the "terroir" of the Champagne region but also a brand in itself, with the Champenois vigorously defending that brand and the uses of the term "Champagne". The popularity and success of Champagne has inspired many imitators around the world (such as Cava in Spain, Sekt in Germany and several American sparklers) but also within France itself with sparkling "Cremants". The name "Champagne" is a protected designation of origin in the European Union and all wines produced and sold in the EU must conform to those standards and not label a wine as "Champagne" unless it comes from the Champagne AOC (in the United States there is a legal loophole for semi-generic terms). In 1985, use of the term "méthode champenoise" was also outlawed with producers of "champagne style" sparkling wine opting to uses phrases like "méthode traditionnelle" to signify that their wine is made using the same production methods as Champagne.

</doc>
<doc id="20718151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718151" title="Andrew F">
Andrew F

Andrew F (born December 28, 1990) is a Canadian Pop/Rock singer and songwriter born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Early life.
Andrew F started playing the drums at the age of 14 when he joined his first ever band which was called Thirty Years' War. He has also been frontman for a few other pop punk bands.
Music.
Andrew F released his debut single "The End" which ended up becoming a huge success, peaking at Number 10 on the Canadian Hot 100 based on the large number of digital downloads, which was certified gold by the Canadian Recording Industry Association months later. He first worked on demos at Music Center Canada Recording Studios with producer Daron Schofield, but later on all turned out into full production recordings, which would be on his debut album "Reckless Abandon". The album was released on May 22, 2008, and the whole entire album was written and sung by Andrew F alone. The lyrics are described as depressing and sad. Andrew F's style of music is Pop, Rock, Folk, and Acoustic. He also plays drums, and the guitar (both acoustic and electric). On August 23, 2010 it was announced on Andrew F's website that he's working on his second studio album.

</doc>
<doc id="20718153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718153" title="Yevgeny Samsonov">
Yevgeny Samsonov

Yevgeny Borisovich Samsonov (, born September 15, 1926) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.
Four years later he was part of the Soviet boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20718158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718158" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20718166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718166" title="Ahnabith Gish">
Ahnabith Gish

Ahnabith Gish ('anna-bith gish') is a progressive-rock band from Calgary, Alberta, Canada and is one of five bands chosen by X92 to play their showcase at Canadian Music Week '09 in Toronto
Ahnabith Gish's first album, the ep locus brought, speechless pathetic was released independently in 2006 and was followed up with their debut full length Are Wakeours Leep in 2008. Their music is inspired by the amalgamation of their individual influences ranging from Radiohead to Sepultura and has been referred to as dramatic-prog-rock.
History.
The moniker Ahnabith Gish came to from four possible pseudonyms, misspelled and re-arranged into its current form. It represents The amalgamation of personalities.
It should also be noted that the name has no intended connection to; the silver screen actress' Lillian Gish, Annabeth Gish of the X-Files or the debut studio album by The Smashing Pumpkins.
The Beginning.
The roots of Ahnabith Gish's sound began with the acoustic writings of Hudon-Verrelli and cemented with the drumming style of Andrew Ulicki. After meeting Ulicki in late 2004 with the intention of joining a friends band and then again the following spring, they played out ideas from Hudon-Verrelli's "Masbar'm dolls" demo, and eventually started Ahnabith Gish.
Ahnabith's direction shifted with the additions of Dwayne Alhakone on lead guitar and Chris Webb on Bass, and in early 2005, recorded a demo at The Outhouse Studios [http://www.outhouse.ca/] which was unfortunately destroyed in its digital form, of which, none of the raw tracks were salvaged.
In this incarnation they play all of 2 shows before Alhakone and Webb leave the project in the fall of 2005.
"Fact: All members of Ahnabith Gish, past and present, attended the second show."
"Locus Brought, Speechless Pathetic".
In November 2005, the band was back down to 2 members when Hudon-Verrelli met Aaron MacInnis. MacInnis joined the band and introduced Masashi Hisataka on bass. This second incarnation departed from the bands acoustic roots due to the driving force of Hisataka's bass.
Within 3 months the band learned of Hisataka's looming return to Japan and pulling all their resources, recorded the ep locus brought, speechless pathetic in Ulicki's bedroom with the help of Russ Porosky, also known as The Indy Army Network.[http://indyarmynetwork.com/]
On the eve of the ep release show (May 6, 2006), Porosky's server, containing both masters and raw tracks, crashed and the entire ep was lost. A quick demo was thrown together and distributed in lieu of the final masters, but the recovery was never completed.
After re-establishing the tracks to their former glory, another fatal crash claimed all the raw tracks and the band was again left with nothing. Miraculously, early versions of the ep were found floating on the server, yet the band pulled away from the prospect of properly releasing the ep due to duress.
During this time Hisataka returned to Japan and a replacement effort took place. This role was filled by Benjamin Middleton who created the fourth incarnation of the band and learned the ep in 2 weeks by playing it through a summer of shows. He quickly becomes an integral part of the project.
After consideration, the band decided to bring the tracks to local engineer Mark Senicki, and had them re-worked and mastered for the 3rd time. 1 year to the day, on May 4, 2007, the ep was finally sold at a show.
After a tumultuous ride of both setbacks and in-fighting over artistic direction, Aaron MacInnis called it quits in the spring of 2007 and pursues his solo career as Lesssound.
"Are Wakeours Leep".
Reluctant to continue as a fifth incarnation, the band brings in Cian Haley, an old friend to join and solidify the lineup for good. Helping to write the 2nd album, an amalgamation of the past and present sound of Ahnabith Gish, Haley tours Central Canada with the band in the summer of 2007.
In the spring of 2008, 3 years after its founding, Ahnabith Gish returned to the studio to record their full length Are Wakeours Leep with Mark Senicki. 5 months after, on October 14, 2008, they officially release the lp to respected reviews
Members.
Dario Hudon-Verrelli was born and raised in Montreal, QC. He moved to Calgary several times while backpacking across Canada and Europe before settling there. He is considered the principle songwriter in Ahnabith. He married Jacqueline Hudon, a children's book illustrator in 2007.
Andrew Lawrence Ulicki was born in Calgary and was raised between there and New Zealand. An avid metal aficionado, he is also a part of several other Calgary bands, most notably Ost Est Ima[http://www.ostestima.com], an old school death metal project.
Benjamin Middleton was born in Edmonton, Ab and raised in Calgary. A graphic designer by trade, music instructor by profession, Middleton was not a bass player prior to joining Ahnabith, having learned the instrument while touring locus brought, speechless pathetic. 
He grew up within Calgary's burgeoning punk scene as a guitarist in the now defunct O.C.S. (Our Common Struggle)[http://www.myspace.com/ocstruggle].
Cian Rafferty Haley was also born in Calgary but was raised in Johannesburg, SA. Haley honed his musicianship while in Ahnabith and began several side projects with Benjamin Middleton including Open City ( whose line up also included Aaron Macinnis ) and Oak Mot. Haley is currently working with Mount Analogue of which Hudon-Verrelli is also a member.
Discography.
Produced by Russ Porosky and Ahnabith Gish, engineered by Russ Porosky, mastered by Mark Senicki
Produced by Mark Senicki and Ahnabith Gish, engineered and mastered by Mark Senicki

</doc>
<doc id="20718170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718170" title="Sincerely Yours (Luv' album)">
Sincerely Yours (Luv' album)

Sincerely Yours is the fifth studio album by Dutch girl group Luv', released in 1991 by the labels RCA Records/BMG. It includes the singles Hasta Mañana, Jungle Jive, He's My Guy (a minor hit song) and The Last Song. This opus features a new group's member Carina Lemoine who replaced Michelle Gold.
Album story.
June 1990 saw changes in Luv's line-up. Michelle Gold was replaced by Carina Lemoine, a 20 year old singer who had
been recruited among a hundred girls by Marga Scheide (the only original group's member). This change in the trio's formation coincided with a new record deal. Luv' signed a contract with the Dutch subsidiary of RCA Records/BMG and chose another kind of repertoire. After the moderate success of the Welcome to my party single (inspired by the Stock Aitken Waterman style and produced by Nigel Wright), the female pop act recorded the Sincerely Yours album named after a cover version of a US Top 20 song originally performed by the American Dance girl group Sweet Sensation. The songs on this opus were tainted by Pop music (Sentimental Fool, The Last Song), Dance music (2am Saturday Night, I Wanna Make Love To You), flamenco (Hasta Mañana), Latin American music (Sincerely Yours, Canta De La Luna), and Jazz (He's My Guy). This material was produced by Jacques Zwart (a.k.a. E.Mergency), Marga Scheide's partner at the time. <br>
Highly demanded session musicians from the Dutch music scene were hired for the recording of this album: Bert Meulendijk, Eddie Conard, Hans Jansen Lex Bolderdijk, Omar Dupree and Ton op 't Hof. They had collaborated with popular artists like Bolland & Bolland, Paul de Leeuw, Gordon, Lee Towers, Herman Brood, and Dolly Dots. Despite their participation, the Sincerely Yours record failed to make any chart impact. However, though Luv' hadn't reached a mainstream success with this recording, their schedule was hectic. They often toured the club and gay circuit in Holland and Belgium and appeared on TV.
Album credits.
Personnel.
Luv'
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="20718178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718178" title="Zauvjek tvoj">
Zauvjek tvoj

Zauvjek tvoj () is the fourth studio album of Montenegrin singer Dado Polumenta, released on December 15, 2008. This album mainly consisted of cover versions of Greek songs, most of which were remixed. Four singles have appeared from this album (in order of release): "Kafa Espresso" (), "Moja srno", "Ljepša od noći" () and "Zauvjek tvoj" ().
The album was released under the Vujin Records label, and was sponsored by DM SAT. Coincidentally, Dragana Mirković's 2008 album, entitled Eksplozija (Explosion), was released the same day as this album by the same record label and same sponsor.
"Kafe Espresso" (credited as "Kafa Espresso" on the official music video), the first single produced from this album, was released a little over a year before this album's release. Upon release, the song became a major hit throughout discothèques, radio stations, etc. The song, however, is a mere cover of DJ Pantelis' remix of the Greek song, "Beautiful" by Christos Dantis. The music video accompanying this song was released many months after the song's release, in ca. June 2008. The music video itself had been costly, including a Rolls-Royce, which values to about 650,000 euros. Featured in the music video were Serbian actress Milica Nastić, Servian footballers Milan Stepanov and Bojan Krasić, the daughter of Serbian singer Goca Božinovska and basketball trainer Muta Nikolić. Serbian singers Bojan Bjelić, Saša Kovačević and Tika were supposed to make an appearance in the music video, however, were unable to do so for unknown reasons. This music video takes place in a Bowling Alley, while simultaneously switching to a Bar scene every few seconds or so.
""Moja srno"", the second single that arose from this album, was first unveiled at the Bosnian Vogošća Festival 2008, which was held on 28 May 2008. 
""Ljepša od noći"", a duet featuring Šako Polumenta and the third single from this album, has been remixed from its original version, as featured on Šako Polumenta's album, Sanjao sam san... The newly-remixed version has a more techno feel to it, and is more suited for discothèques, unlike its original counterpart. This might have also been done to separate the song from its Greek counterpart. This can be said as the music of the original version was more of a direct copy of the Greek version. However, Dado Polumenta is known to have remixed many of his songs to feature Techno beat, adjusting the music to suit the general public, including his fans.
The fourth single released from this album, ""Zauvjek tvoj"" ("Forever Yours") (credited as "Zauvijek tvoj" on the official music video), arose shortly after the release of the album itself.
Another song also featured on this album, entitled ""Dama"" ("Dame"), which has been deemed by many as the album's biggest hits, includes a sample of the international hit I'll Do It Like A Truck by Spanish artist Geo Da Silva. 
As previously announced on Dado Polumenta's website, Dado Polumenta had featured a highly-emotionally ballad dedicated to his mother on this album, entitled ""Majka"" ("Mother"). The ballad, however, is a cover of one of popular British singer, Samy Yusuf's, songs.
Dado Polumenta also featured a remake of the song, ""Bila je lijepa"" (She was pretty), by the Bosnian band Macbeth. The lyrics remained the same, overall, however, the music was remixed to give it a more modern style that is suited for those of the younger generations.
Songs.
The album contains ten songs. The track listings are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20718186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718186" title="Vladimir Kryukov">
Vladimir Kryukov

Vladimir Nikolaevich Kryukov (, born October 2, 1925) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.
Four years later he was part of the Soviet boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20718189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718189" title="Bawean deer">
Bawean deer

The Bawean deer, "Hyelaphus kuhlii", also known as Kuhl's hog deer or Bawean hog deer, is a highly threatened species of deer found only in the island of Bawean (Gresik Regency) in Indonesia.
A typical height for males of 60–70 cm has been reported. Males have three-tined antlers.
Their fawns are spotted at birth, which separates them from the best known western population of the hog deer ("H. porcinus").
Due to ongoing habitat loss, small population size and limited range, the Bawean deer is evaluated as critically endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix I of CITES. It has few natural enemies except for birds of prey and large snakes such as pythons.
Life history.
Bawean deer reside on the Bawean island in Indonesia, close to the Java Sea. The bawean deer is sometimes included with the Indian hog deer "Hyelaphus porcinus" (Haltenorth 1963), but it is a total different species (Groves and Grubb 1987; Grubb 2005). The most recent analyses indicate that these two species, together with calamianensis, constitute a different genus distinct from Axis, and Hyelaphus (Meijaard and Groves 2004, Pitra et al. 2004).
They live in woodlands and upland forests with dense undergrowth which is used for shelter, providing a refuge in which the deer sleep and rest during the day. They live in small groups of four or five deer mostly one female, the infant, and two males. They are herbivores and consume grasses, herbs, leaves, twigs, corn crops, and leaves of the cassave plants. Their pelage is short, smooth, and soft, and generally a light brown in color. There are few distinctive yellow markings which are limited to the head and neck, there is also a light throat patch or 'bib' and a whitish eye-ring, infants have white spots on their backs when younger. Females will have one offspring at a time per year. The gestation period is 225–230 days, and the majority of births occur in February to June.
Males can be very aggressive towards other males that approach their small families, and will spray other males, and predators in the face with their glandular secretions, but also mark their territories with this as well. When fleeing the bawean deer carries its head low and runs with a trotting gait. Their spine also curves high towards the rear when fleeing from predators. When fleeing from predators the males will run in front and infant if there is one will be behind the males, and the female will run in the back. This is effective in order to protect the infant from predators.
Conservation threats.
Their past extinction was due to tigers precisely the Balinese tiger, and humans hunting them for their antlers and pelts. Their main predators now are still humans, but also leopards, the golden jackal, dholes which is the Asiatic wild dog, the Indian wolf, pythons, and crocodiles.
Another reason for population decline is from habitat deterioration to build bigger cities, and more places to live and build crops.
Conservation efforts.
The World Wildlife Fund, has said that one of the factors for the reason of the declining of this species, as well as other species found in Indonesia is from climate changes such as warming ocean temperatures, rising sea levels, prolong droughts, and increased flooding. The current conservation efforts which is being done is the Government of Indonesia has the Bawean deer protected against being hunted which was passed in 1977. With the help of this law that has been passed the reproductive success has gone up over the years. International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the Kuhl's hog deer as being critically endangered, meaning that the species is facing an extremely high risk of extinction in the wild.

</doc>
<doc id="20718201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718201" title="Red Line (Namibia)">
Red Line (Namibia)

The Red Line, also referred to the veterinary cordon fence (VCF) is a Pest-exclusion fence separating Northern Namibia from the central and southern country parts. It encases Ovamboland, Kunene, Caprivi and Kavango. It was originally a Police zone for controlling north-south travel of the indigenous population in South-West Africa. Its name stems from the depiction in red ink on a 1911 map created by the German colonial administration of German South-West Africa. The Red Line was changed several times and was since the 1960s also used as a disease control mechanism to isolate Foot-and-mouth disease outbreaks in the North from the farms in the South. Individuals North of this line are not allowed sell livestock overseas outside of South Africa while those in the South can sell their meat anywhere. The issues of the red line restrictions have become controversial amidst a 2008 meat market boom.
The Farms.
The farms South of the red line are mainly white commercial farmers while the North of the line is mostly black communal farmers. The southern farms are characterized by large fences which house offspring and organised farm roads while in the north livestock are not constrained and often venture onto roads. The red line is a highly guarded line which has roadblocks to check every vehicle which passes.
Removing the Redline.
Since the Independence of Namibia in the 1990s, the government has been fighting to remove this red line and allow prosperity in these regions. It has been working to build infrastructure, deconcentrate farms and promote the building of farms on virgin lands. Since this line has been deeply embedded in political and historical issues, the government has proposed uprooting it to the Angolan border. This has some concerned that the disease will spread to uninfected areas but areas like Kunene have not had outbreaks in over 30 years and are advocating for this line movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20718212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718212" title="Ferenc Farkas de Kisbarnak">
Ferenc Farkas de Kisbarnak

Ferenc Farkas de Kisbarnak (Hungarian: vitéz kisbarnaki Farkas Ferenc) (May 27, 1892 - April 14, 1980) was Chief Scout of the Hungarian Boy Scouts, commanding officer of the Royal Ludovika Akadémia, the country's officer training school, and General of the Hungarian VI Army Corps during World War II. He served under several political regimes including that of Charles IV King of Hungary, Regent Miklós Horthy, Prime Minister Pál Teleki, and Arrow Cross Party leader Ferenc Szálasi. His service through the end of the World War II resulted in controversies within Hungary that followed him until his death.
Scouting and Officers Training School.
In 1933, he was chief organizer and General Camp Manager of the 4th World Scout Jamboree hosted by the Hungarian Boy Scouts at Gödöllő, Hungary, alongside Hungary's Chief Scout and future Prime Minister Pál Teleki. A Catholic, in 1938 Farkas was the chief organizer of an World Eucharistic Congress in Budapest on May 25–29, 1938 at which time he created a lifelong relationship with the Pope and the Vatican.
In the same year he assumed command of the Royal Ludovika Akadémia (officer training school) which had been founded in 1872. Among the officers he brought to the Akadémia was 21-year-old Béla Bánáthy, who Farkas had met as a 14-year-old youth at the 1933 Jamboree. He requested a volunteer to teach leadership at the academy, and Bánáthy was selected. He also asked Bánáthy to organize a Scout Troop for the young men, 19 years and older, which was a common practice within the Hungarian Scout Association at the time. Farkas served as commander of the Royal Ludovika Akadémia through 1943. Banathy served most of the war under Farkas and when it ended, escaped first to Austria and later the United States. He was inspired by his attendance at the 4th World Jamboree where he met Farkas and his Scouting experience teaching leadership at the Ludovika Akadémia. In 1958 he founded the White Stag Leadership Development Program in Monterey, California which has continually taught leadership to youth since then.
Chief Scout of Hungary.
A lifelong supporter of Scouting, Farkas became Chief Scout of Hungary upon Prime Minister Pál Teleki's suicide in June 1941, on the eve of Hungary's forced entry into World War II. Under political pressure from the extreme right, the Hungarian Scouting movement became more militaristic and nationalistic between 1941 and 1945. Despite the war, the Hungarian national Scout leadership was able until the end of 1943 to maintain contact with the Boy Scouts International Bureau, the Polish Scout Headquarters in exile, and with Prince Gustav Adolf of Sweden, Chief Scout of Sweden and member of the World Scout Committee. Before the end of World War II, the national Hungarian Scouts were ordered to merge with the extremist right-leaning youth organization Hungarista Örszem, but the merger was never implemented. 
Farkas retained the title and role of Chief Scout through World War II. When the Soviet Union occupied the country and forbid organization of Scouting units, he remained Chief Scout of the Hungarian Scout Association in Exteris until his death in 1980.
Commander of Hungarian Sixth Army Corps.
In 1943 Farkas assumed command of the Hungarian Sixth Army, which had been garrisoned at Debrecen. During March 1944, Regent Miklós Horthy first set in motion plans for a new Hungarian government loyal to the Allies, but the effort was forestalled after German pressure by Edmund Veesenmayer, Hitler's personal emissary in Hungary. Ferenc Farkas was to have been minister of cultural affairs. In July 1944 he replaced General Károly Beregfy, an Arrow Cross Party member, and under Farkas' the Hungarian VI Army Corps beat back a Red Army attack across the Carpathian mountains, employing brutal methods to keep the Red Army from advancing. He became known as the heroic defender of the Tatár Pass in the Carpathian Mountains.
Secret negotiations to surrender.
As the Soviets advanced on Budapest, the Sixth Army was ordered to Budapest on October 12 where Farkas was briefly named commander of the Pest bridgehead. Regent Miklós Horthy also wanted military units in Budapest commanded by officers he could trust, as he planned to announce an armistice with the Soviet Union as Romania had done, abandoning the lost Axis cause which he had never fully embraced. Germany feared the surrender of Hungary, knowing this would leave their entire southern flank open to Soviet attack.
Fall of Regent Horthy.
Working through his trustworthy General Béla Miklós who was in contact with Soviet forces in eastern Hungary, Regent Horthy attempted to negotiate the end of the war, seeking to surrender to the Soviets while preserving the government's autonomy. The Soviets willingly promised this. But the Germans were aware of Horthy's behind-the-scenes maneuvering and set in place Operation Panzerfaust which would remove him from power and replace his government with forces loyal to the German cause, effectively occupying Hungary. Horthy governed from Castle Hill in central Budapest, an ancient and now well-guarded fortress. At 2:00 p.m. on October 15, 1944, Horthy announced over the radio that Hungary had signed an armistice with the Soviet Union. "It is clear today that Germany has lost the war... Hungary has accordingly concluded a preliminary armistice with Russia, and will cease all hostilities against her."
Failing to receive official orders, the Hungarian army ignored the armistice, surprising the Germans. Given that many Hungarian units were controlled by the German army, it is unclear whether orders, if issued, ever reached most of the line troops. There had also been considerable propaganda about the harsh, punitive treatment of prisoners by the Soviets, and some Hungarian forces had witnessed first-hand the atrocities Soviet perpetrated against civilians. Combined with their loyalty to their country, no matter what government was in charge, they felt it was their duty to fight even when the end result was predictable.
Horthy's son Miklós Horthy, Jr. at this father's direction went to a meeting with representatives from the Yugoslavian government to finalize the surrender of Hungary to the Soviets. Upon entering the building, he was attacked and beaten by German soldiers commanded by Waffen SS Major Otto Skorzeny, who had initiated the meeting as a ruse. They kidnapped Miklós at gunpoint, trussed him up in a carpet, and immediately drove him to the airport, where a flight was waiting to take him to Germany and a concentration camp. Skorzeny then brazenly led a convoy of Germany troops and four Tiger II tanks to the Vienna Gates of Castle Hill. Seeking to avoid unneeded bloodshed, and knowing his forces could not resist the superior German troops, the Regent ordered his soldiers to not resist. Only one unit did not get the order, and the Germans quickly and with minimal bloodshed captured Castle Hill. Only seven soldiers were killed and 26 men were wounded. Horthy was arrested by Waffen SS Brigadeführer Edmund Veesenmayer and held overnight in SS offices. Faced with an overt threat to his son's life, and having already been effectively removed from power, under coercion and as a prisoner of war, he abrogated the armistice, deposed Premier Géza Lakatos' government, and named the leader of the fanatical Arrow Cross Party, Ferenc Szálasi, as Prime Minister.
Horthy was placed on a private train to Germany three days later. Skorzeny told Horthy that he would be a "guest of honor" in a secure Bavarian castle. Skorzeny personally escorted Horthy to his captivity, where he was held until the war ended.
Service at end of war.
In the final months of the war, Farkas presided over the trial of fellow Lieutenant General Lajos Veres von Dalnoki (former commander of the Hungarian Second Army) and Captain Kálmán Hardy (aide-de-camp to Horthy), who were charged by the Arrow Cross government with treason for having attempted to arrange a cease-fire or switching alliegience during the last days of the war. He sentenced both to death, though neither was executed.
After Ferenc Szálasi assumed power, Farkas was not dismissed despite his previous loyalty to Horthy, and he swore an oath to the new Prime Minister. Károly Beregfy, newly appointed on October 17, 1944 by the Arrow Cross government as Minister of War and Commander in Chief of the Hungarian Army, named Farkas as Government Commissioner for Evacuation, promoted him to General, and put him in charge of securing national treasures.
He was later accused of sending to Austria about USD$3 billion in national treasures, "including the crown jewels, priceless gold treasures and the collection of national seals." The crown jewels were in fact captured in Mattsee, Austria on 4 May 1945 by the U.S. 86th Infantry Division. The jewels were then transported to Western Europe and eventually given to the United States Army for safekeeping from the Soviet Union. For much of the Cold War, it was held at the United States Bullion Depository (Fort Knox, Kentucky) alongside the bulk of America's gold reserves and other priceless historical items. U.S. President Jimmy Carter ordered extensive historical research to verify the crown as genuine, and it was returned to the Hungarian people on January 6, 1978. None of the charges against Farkas relating to the expropriation of Hungarian treasures and seals was substantiated.
Facing the imminent fall of the government and the nation, the Hungarian Defense Ministry named Farkas as the leader of a four-man committee which was charged with representing the Hungarian Army with the Allies after the war's end. General officers of the Hungarian Army who returned to Hungary under Communist rule were likely to be arrested and become Prisoners of War again, and face charges and possible execution. Farkas drove across Austria and France to General Patton's headquarters. Farkas was placed in a prisoner of war camp in Foucarville, near Sainte-Mère-Église, Normandy, which housed 40,000 prisoners, including 218 generals and 6 admirals.
Post World War II activities.
U.S. Army liaison.
In October 1946, 26 other Hungarian Army generals in the Foucarville POW camp wrote a letter to the American military, requesting that Farkas be released. In January 1947 he became the U.S. liaison to Hungarian prisoners of war and assisted in resolving their displaced person status and living arrangements. He remained in Germany becoming the highest-ranking Hungarian officer to settle in a country controlled by the Allies.
His war-time role in the Army, especially after the Arrow Cross Party assumed command, became very controversial within Hungary. Because of his actions in the camps against the Arrow Cross Party and Szálasi's government, the Provisional Hungarian Government of 1945, led by the Soviet forces in Debrecen, reduced his former Army rank to a private.
Pál Teleki Scout Association.
While in the displaced persons camp, he founded the Pál Teleki Scout Association, which in 1948 was renamed the Hungarian Scout Association in Exile, and after the fall of the Iron Curtain, the Hungarian Scout Association Abroad. He was named Training Camp Chief and later Chief Commissioner (Hungarian: "Bodnar Gabor"). He also led adult leader training for Hungarian Scout leaders in exile in several locations within Germany during the late 1940s, and later at numerous locations abroad. He recommended Béla H. Bánáthy, a Hungarian Scout leader and one of his former officers with whom he had maintained a relationship, for a position as a Hungarian language instructor at the U.S. government's new Army Language School. During 1952, Farkas visited the United States and met with adult leaders at a training camp for Hungarian Scouts in Exile held in Buffalo, New York. He remained the Hungarian Chief Scout until his death in 1980.
Anti-Soviet activities.
He was founder of a Hungarian veteran's organization for veterans in exile, the Magyar Harcosok Bajtársi Közössége Központja (World Federation of Hungarian Veterans). He suggested creating a fraternal organization to honor the officers, non-commissioned officers, and enlisted men who served in the Hungarian armed forces and were now in exile. He suggested to Béla Almay, a former Lieutenant Colonel on the Hungarian General Staff, that he organize an association for Hungarian veterans, which became the Collegiate Society of Hungarian Veterans.
Farkas also attempted with the support of former members of the Hungarian government who had escaped to the west before the war to establish a Hungarian government in exile, but was frustrated in his efforts by American Occupation Forces in Germany who forbid it. The veteran's organization retained as one of its purposes support for the restoration of a democratic government in Hungary.
During 1947, the Americans and French permitted him to found the Anti-Bolshevik Hungarian Liberation Movement in Landshut, Germany. The movement initially called for a violent revolution in Hungary against Soviet control. It arranged for a member in exile to return to Hungary illegally and assess the situation and support for overthrow of the Communist government. What it learned was discouraging and the only hope the group held out for liberation of Hungary was Western help, which was not forthcoming. By 1950, Farkas was a leader of the reactionary, right-wing Anti-Bolshevik Bloc of Nations which openly advocated the destruction of the Soviet Union and its fifth columnists.
Conviction and restoration.
When World War II ended and for several years afterward, the Communist government organized and encouraged the arrest and execution of those they blamed for the deprivations the war visited upon the Hungarian population. These arrests and prosecutions were in many instances politically motivated and the legal process was later found to lack the minimum requirements for legal action.
Farkas was convicted "in absentia" by the Budapest High Court of the Hungarian Communist government on March 30, 1950 and was stripped of his rank and sentenced to life imprisonment. He visited the United States and Canada during 1955 and met with Hungarian Scouts in exile. In 1962, he was named General Captain (Hungarian: "Fõkapitány") of The Knightly Order of Vitéz, a role in which he continued to serve through 1977. He also continued his involvement with Scouting both locally and internationally, serving as Chief Scout of Hungary for the Hungarian Scout Association Abroad. He died in Arnstorf, Germany on April 14, 1980.
In late 1998, the Hungarian Republic Supreme Court found serious legal and procedural errors in his original 1950 trial and on December 7, 1998 rescinded the sentence, nullifying its results. On September 15, 2006, the Hungarian Defence Ministry's Rehabilitation Committee fully reinstated his military rank and overturned his conviction posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="20718214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718214" title="HM Prison Hatfield">
HM Prison Hatfield

HM Prison Hatfield (formerly HMP & YOI Moorland Open) is a Category D men's prison and Young Offenders Institution, located near Hatfield Woodhouse in South Yorkshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is jointly managed with the nearby Moorland Prison.
History.
In August 2006, a report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons stated that both Moorland and HMP & YOI Hatfield Prisons were well managed, and provided a safe and respectful environment for inmates and staff. However the report also claimed that more than a third of prisoners were unoccupied at HMP & YOI Hatfield, with a lengthy waiting list of inmates wanting to join education classes.
Weeks later, it was revealed that in a three-year period 190 inmates had escaped from HMP & YOI Hatfield. The Prison Service did not have statistics on how many of these inmates had been recaptured, but claimed that "most would have been returned to a closed prison at some point."
In 2010 HMP & YOI Moorland Open changed its name to become HMP & YOI Hatfield; which is still managed jointly with HMP & YOI Moorland.
On 13 July 2011, it was announced that HMP & YOI Hatfield would be put out to tender, accepting bids from private companies and HM Prison Service for the management of the establishment.
The prison today.
HMP & YOI Hatfield is a prison holding Category D adult males and young offenders. Prisoners are usually transferred from other prisons (especially Moorland Closed) to complete their sentences at HMP & YOI Hatfield. Accommodation at the prison comprises 4 units for adult male prisoners, and 1 unit for young offenders. All cells are single occupancy.
Adult prisoners at HMP & YOI Hatfield are usually placed in resettlement employment, with outside companies with guaranteed minimum wage. Young Offenders are usually placed in education and vocational training. Courses include industrial cleaning and catering.

</doc>
<doc id="20718218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718218" title="Phasmid (nematode anatomy)">
Phasmid (nematode anatomy)

Phasmids are unicellular sensilia in the lateral tail region of certain species of nematodes. They are similar in their structure to amphid sensilla, but smaller. Phasmid neurons were recently shown to function in modulation of chemorepulsion behavior.
The lateral caudal papillae connected with the lateral precaudal glands. Paired postanal lateral chemoreceptor sensory organs.

</doc>
<doc id="20718219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718219" title="Wendell Coppin">
Wendell Coppin

Wendell Ricardo Coppin (born 8 August 1966) was a West Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in Barbados. Coppin's club team in Barbados is YMPC where he has been club president, captain and coach. 
Coppin represented Barbados Under-19s and later West Indies Young Cricketers between 1984 and 1985, before taking an eight-year gap from cricketing and, upon his return, playing for the Barbados first team.
Despite playing a single game for Hampshire's Second XI, which was won by a ten-wicket margin thanks to a century from Paul Whitaker, Coppin was unable to break into the first team.
His sole one-day appearance came for Norfolk in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. From the middle of the order, Coppin scored two runs and took bowling figures of 1-36.

</doc>
<doc id="20718221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718221" title="Ian Battelley">
Ian Battelley

Ian Battelley (born 19 January 1944) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Norfolk. He was born in Dereham.
Battelley played a single game for the Northamptonshire Second XI, his sole contribution to the game being an innings of 13 with the bat.
Battelley played one List A match for Norfolk, in the 1970 Gillette Cup competition, contributing 29 runs with the bat. From the following season onwards, he played for Norfolk in the Minor Counties Championship, until his final game for the side in 1982.
In 2003, Battelley played a single game for Norfolk Over-50s in the Over-50s Championship. Battelley's brother, Barry, played in the Minor Counties Championship for Norfolk between 1969 and 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20718223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718223" title="John Greatrex">
John Greatrex

Edward John Greatrex (born 18 November 1936) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Norfolk. He was born in Nuneaton.
Greatrex, who represented Norfolk in the Minor Counties Championship for seventeen seasons, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1970 Gillette Cup. He scored 12 runs with the bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20718224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718224" title="Robert Bradford (cricketer)">
Robert Bradford (cricketer)

Robert Leslie Bradford (born 29 April 1952) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Norfolk. He was born in Swardeston.
Bradford, who represented Norfolk in the Minor Counties Championship between 1978 and 1988, made just a single List A appearance, in the 1984 NatWest Trophy, against Hampshire. From the middle order, he scored a single run before being bowled out by Elvis Reifer.

</doc>
<doc id="20718225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718225" title="Get Me a Lawyer">
Get Me a Lawyer

"Get Me a Lawyer" (also known as "Pilot") is the pilot episode of the legal drama series "Damages", which first aired on July 24, 2007 on FX in the United States. It was written by series creators/executive producers Todd A. Kessler, Glenn Kessler, and Daniel Zelman, and was directed by producer Allen Coulter. In the episode, recent law school graduate Ellen Parsons (Rose Byrne) is recruited to Hewes and Associates, a law firm headed by Patty Hewes (Glenn Close), where she is assigned to the "Frobisher case". Billionaire Arthur Frobisher (Ted Danson) is being sued by his former employees, whom he advised to invest in his company while unloading his own stock, and while Frobisher's attorney Ray Fiske (Željko Ivanek) pleads for a settlement price, Patty insists on taking the case to court.
When the Kesslers and Zelman devised the series, they did not specifically intend for Patty and Ellen to be lawyers, wanting primarily to explore the power structures between two strong women—Patty and her protégée Ellen—and choosing a profession afterwards. Close agreed to play Patty so long as the series was filmed in New York, where she resides. To prepare for their roles, Close, Byrne and Tate Donovan met with corporate lawyers, while Danson met with the CEOs of Fortune 500 companies. The pilot was filmed in February and FX placed a 13-episode order for the series in March. Its American airing brought in 3.7 million viewers and it was reviewed positively by most critics. It received two Emmy Award nominations for writing and directing and one win for Close for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series. It was also nominated for an American Cinema Editors Award.
Plot.
A young woman steps out of an elevator, bloody and half-naked. She leaves the building and runs down a busy street. She is taken to a police station, where two detectives, Dan Williams (Casey Siemaszko) and Rosario Ortiz (Maya Days), find in her pocket a business card for Hollis M. Nye.
In an extended flashback to six months earlier, the woman is revealed to be Ellen Parsons, a recent law school graduate. She turns down a generous salary from Nye's firm to meet with Patty Hewes, head of Hewes and Associates. Later at a bar, Ellen meets Nye (Philip Bosco), who cautions that Patty is dangerous and has her sign a card reading "I was warned." Ellen finds out that her interview with Patty is on the day of her sister's wedding. She declines the interview but Patty, intrigued to have been turned down, finds Ellen at the wedding and hires her.
Patty is the lead attorney in a high-profile litigation, representing the bankrupted workers of a large company run by Frobisher, who allegedly advised his employees to invest in the company while selling his own stock. Patty insists on taking the case to trial rather than accepting a settlement, but on Ellen's first day it is revealed that the prosecution cannot yet link Frobisher to his stockbroker—though both were in Palm Beach, Florida over the same weekend—and thus cannot disprove that the selling of his stock was not pre-arranged. When Ellen returns home, her boyfriend David Connor (Noah Bean) proposes to her and she accepts.
Frobisher's attorney Ray Fiske visits David's sister Katie (Anastasia Griffith), who is opening a restaurant in which Frobisher is investing, and asks her to sign a confidentiality agreement. Frobisher meets with his former custodian Larry Popler (Victor Arnold), who names a settlement price of $100 million, which Ray returns to Patty. Patty persuades her clients to decline the offer, but Larry mentions a previous agreement to accept any offer of $100 million. Patty suspects that her advisor Tom (Tate Donovan) had known about the agreement and fires him. Katie, meanwhile, thinks that she is being watched, and tells Ellen and David that she had catered a function for Frobisher in Florida and that afterwards he had offered to help her open a restaurant. Ellen realizes that Patty hired her to get to Katie, a potential witness. Though Katie is initially hesitant to testify, she finds her dog Saffron dead in her apartment with a note reading "Quiet" pinned to a wall. Assuming that Frobisher is responsible, she agrees to meet with Patty to help bring Frobisher down. Tom meets with Patty, who had only pretended to fire him, and gives her Saffron's collar, which she throws into the ocean.
Returning to the present, the two detectives seek Nye out and he identifies Ellen. They visit Ellen and David's apartment and find David dead in the bathtub. Ortiz tells Ellen to explain what had happened, and Ellen's only response is "Get me a lawyer."
Production.
Brothers Glenn and Todd Kessler decided to work with Daniel Zelman because "we have a third brother, but Daniel is kind of like our fourth brother that we've known for over 20 years." When the Kesslers and Zelman devised the series, they did not specifically intend for Patty and Ellen to be lawyers. They wanted to explore the power structures in two strong women—feeling that the male power dynamics had been seen before—and considered a number of professions, including entertainment and pharmaceuticals, before deciding on law. Zelman said that the writers' main motivation to write about the law "was our interest in power dynamics, the dynamics of power in society. We're very much interested in the ambiguity of it. We're just interested in seeing how far we can push these characters." According to Kessler, "One thing that's crucial is that Patty Hewes is on one end of the spectrum and Ellen Parsons is on the other." The relationship the writers were most interested in showing was that between a mentor and a mentee, which is represented by Patty and her protégée Ellen. Todd Kessler called the real life Enron case "a big part" of the inspiration for Patty's main case involving Arthur Frobisher, though Zelman claims that Enron was not used as a basis in particular: "It was more just the culture of all those corporate scandals at the time. There seemed to be one after the other of them, and we became very interested in sort of the characters who were a part of those scandals."
After co-starring on 2004's fourth season of "The Shield" on cable network FX, Close told network president John Landgraf that she would be open to star in another series, suggesting a spin-off for her "Shield" character, Captain Monica Rawling. Landgraf pitched "Damages" to Close, who agreed to play Patty so long as the series was shot in New York City, where she resides. To prepare for her role, Close met New York attorney Mary Jo White and her partner Lorna Scoffield, as well as litigator Patricia Hines, from whom Close learned "some extraordinary things". The producers sought after Byrne to play Ellen, but she was unavailable during the first round of auditions as she was filming "28 Weeks Later". She says the opportunity "came up again, so I went in, auditioned, and got the role". Like Close, Byrne spent time with a female lawyer in New York and read books written by litigators Alan Dershowitz and David DuBois, while Donovan talked to his uncle, a New York corporate lawyer. He visited Manhattan's Centre Street courts, where he "followed the most intense murder trial". Ivanek was so eager to work on the series that he auditioned for two different roles, and was cast as Ray. Todd Kessler said that Danson's 1979 film "The Onion Field" was "a huge influence on Glenn, Daniel and myself, and that was something that had always stuck in our minds. And when we sought out to cast this role of Arthur Frobisher, Ted kind of came into focus." In preparation for his role, the producers asked Danson to meet with CEOs of Fortune 500 corporations and watch documentaries such as "", which examines the collapse of Enron. They also suggested that Danson meet with Close's acting coach Harold Guskin. The producers said that David and Katie were the hardest characters to cast. Noah Bean, who felt that he gave "an awful first audition" for the role of David, was called in for a second reading as he was waiting for an elevator to leave the building, and was ultimately cast. British actress Anastasia Griffith's agent informed her of the audition for the role of Katie only two hours before it began. When she met the producers, they were initially concerned about a Brit playing an American, especially since Australian Byrne had already signed on. "To put their fears at rest", Griffith addressed the producers in an American accent from beginning to end of the audition. After being cast, Griffith and Byrne visited New York University dialect coach Deborah Hecht to perfect their accents.
The episode was shot in February and edited in March 2007. Filming took place on location at various sites around Manhattan; after the first season had been greenlit, sets were built at New York's Steiner Studios. Byrne said that filming the opening scene on a winter's morning in only underwear and a coat was "very traumatic" and "very hard". The series remained untitled during casting and filming, and was named "Damages" after FX had greenlit the pilot and placed a 13-episode order for the first season in March.
Reception.
As the most-watched basic cable show of the night, "Get Me a Lawyer" drew 3.7 million viewers on its initial commercial-free airing, with a total of 5.1 million including the viewers of repeat airings later in the night. 1.2 million people fell into the target demographic of adults aged 18–49, while 1.5 million fell into the 25–54 age bracket. FX president John Landgraf deemed the pilot's ratings "middling" by the network's standards. The Australian premiere on the Nine Network brought in 999,000 viewers, making "Damages" the thirteenth most-watched show of the night. In Britain, BBC One's airing of the episode was seen by 1.9 million people with a share of 11%.
Most critics reviewed "Get Me a Lawyer" positively. "The New York Times" Alessandra Stanley praised FX for choosing another series that "keepthe light focused on the dark side of its main characters". Stanley wrote that ""Damages" is yet another show that requires viewers to tune in to every episode to follow the plot, but it is the most grown-up thriller in the pack [of serialized drama series." Tim Goodman of the "San Francisco Chronicle" wrote that, in the episode, "All the drama is in the writing and the acting." He complimented the "strong cast", stating that "it's Close who makes "Damages" a series to contend with". Writing for "The Age", Robin Oliver called the pilot "terrific-going-on-sensational". She praised Close and Byrne's performances, but also highlighted Danson's role as "a particularly fine piece of casting". Oliver's "Age" colleague Melinda Houston called Close "delicious – and convincing" as Patty and thought that the script was "fabulous". S. P. Miskowski of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" remarked, "For my money, this is what a 'thriller' is all about." TV Squad's Jonathan Toomey enjoyed the episode's flashbacks, saying that the style of the show "works and it works well". Matt Mitovich claimed in a "TV Guide" recap of the episode, "What a pilot it was!" He praised the acting from Close, Danson and Byrne, while he felt that "the supporting cast is excellent as well". Stuart Levine, writing for "Variety", called the pilot his favorite episode of the first season.
Other critics, however, did not respond well to the episode. Andrew Billen of "The Times" thought that the episode was "not as stylish, intelligent or classy as it hopes" and "about as subtle as Times Square". He called Close's performance "not remotely credible but impressive in a Norma Desmond way" and labeled Byrne as "particularly unstriking". Brian Lowry gave the pilot a lukewarm review for "Variety". He praised the "solid cast" and "smart dialogue", but felt that "the template feels a little too familiar ... moreover, it's fuzzy how long the show's mystery will persist". "Entertainment Weekly"s Gillian Flynn graded the episode as a C−, criticizing the characters' lack of logic and the "many ludicrous scenes". She thought the storylines to be overly complicated and called Byrne "bland" and "inexpressive".
"Get Me a Lawyer" received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations: Allen Coulter was nominated for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series, and Glenn Kessler, Todd A. Kessler, and Daniel Zelman were nominated for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series. The pilot episode was submitted to the Primetime Emmys judging panel for determining the nominees for Outstanding Drama Series; "Damages" was nominated but did not win the award. Close chose the episode as her Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series submission; she was nominated and went on to win the award. Editor Malcolm Jamieson was nominated for an American Cinema Editors Award for his work on this episode in the "Best Edited One-Hour TV Series (Commercial Television)" category.

</doc>
<doc id="20718258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718258" title="List of United States Senators in the 3rd Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 3rd Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 3rd Congress, from March 4, 1793 to March 3, 1795.
The order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term, with senators entering service the same day ranked alphabetically. The Senate subsequently assigned a consecutive official number to each Senator, which is the second number given in the table.
During this time, there were no official parties, but senators are labeled as Pro-Administration (P), and Anti-Administration (A). Towards the end of the Congress, Stevens T. Mason of Virginia is classified in the "Chronological List of United States Senators" as a Democratic-Republican (DR) and Henry Latimer of Delaware as a Federalist (F).

</doc>
<doc id="20718263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718263" title="Helen W. Nies">
Helen W. Nies

Helen Wilson Nies (August 7, 1925 – August 7, 1996) was chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit from 1990 to 1994. President Jimmy Carter named Judge Nies to the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals (CCPA) in 1980, and she transferred to the Federal Circuit when that court succeeded in October 1982 to the jurisdiction of the CCPA.
A native of Birmingham, Alabama, she graduated from the University of Michigan in 1945 and from University of Michigan Law School in 1948, where she was awarded Order of the Coif. She moved to Washington that year to work at the Justice Department and she later was a counsel in the Office of Price Stabilization. Before her court appointment, she was a partner in a Washington D.C. law firm where she specialized in trademark law. She died on her 71st birthday of head injuries sustained in a bicycle accident at Henlopen Acres, Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="20718269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718269" title="Həkəri">
Həkəri

Həkəri may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20718273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718273" title="Marilyn P. Johnson">
Marilyn P. Johnson

Marilyn Priscilla Johnson (born June 19, 1922) is a former US diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Togo. She was appointed to that position on September 23, 1978, and left her post on July 29, 1981.
She graduated from Radcliffe College with a B.A. in 1944 and from Middlebury College in 1952 with an M.A. She enlisted in the U.S. Navy from 1944 to 1946. 
From 1952 and 1959, Johnson taught French at high schools. Between 1962 and 1964, she taught English as a foreign language in various schools inside Cameroon and Mali. She joined the Foreign Service in 1964, and was a cultural affairs officer in Bamako, Mali, and Tunis, Tunisia, as well as public affairs officer in Niamey, Niger. 
From 1971 to 1974, Johnson was the Deputy Assistant Director of the Information Centers Program. The following year, she attended the Senior Seminar in Foreign Policy, and from 1975 to 1976 she learned Russian through training. In 1976 she was cultural affairs officer in Moscow, Soviet Union. In September 1978 she was assigned as United States Ambassador to the Republic of Togo until July 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20718278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718278" title="Amphid">
Amphid

Amphids (Greek: "amphi", around, double) are innervated invaginations of cuticle in nematodes. They are usually found in the anterior (head) region of the animal, at the base of the lips. Amphids are the principal chemosensory organs of nematodes. Each amphid is made up of 12 sensory neurons with ciliated dendrites.

</doc>
<doc id="20718279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718279" title="Lousoi">
Lousoi

Lousoi (, ) was an ancient city in Arcadian Azania, Greece. It was situated at about 1,200 m elevation in the Aroanian mountains, near present Kalavryta. Lousoi was situated on the border of the city-states Pheneus and Cleitor. In one version of the story of Proetus's daughters, Melampus leads them to Lousoi where they were healed of their madness in a sanctuary of Artemis. Agesilas, winner of the horse race at the 11th Pythian Games, was from Lousoi. When Pausanias visited the area in the 2nd century AD, nothing remained of the town. The temple of Artemis, which was respected by all the Greeks as a sacred shelter, was plundered by the Aetolians during the Social War (220–217 BC).
The remains of Lousoi have been found in 1897 by the archeologists Wilhelm Dörpfeld and Adolf Wilhelm, and have been excavated by the Austrian Archaeological Institute at Athens. The temple of Artemis and several buildings of the public centre of the town have been found. In 1928 the nearby villages Soudena Theotokou and Soudena Agiou Vasileiou were renamed Ano Lousoi and Kato Lousoi respectively. 

</doc>
<doc id="20718288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718288" title="Bridget Carpenter">
Bridget Carpenter

Bridget Carpenter (b. New York) is a television writer and playwright.
Life.
She holds an M.F.A. from Brown University, and has taught playwriting in grammar school, high school, college, and prison.
Most recently, she was a playwright-in-residence at the Royal National Theatre in London. Her plays have been produced across the country. She is working on new play commissions from South Coast Repertory and the Mark Taper Forum. She lives in Los Angeles.
Awards.
She was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony, for her work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series the following year at the February 2008 ceremony, for her work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights". Carpenter was nominated for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for the third consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the fourth season.
She won the 2000 Susan Smith Blackburn Prize, was awarded a 2002 Guggenheim Fellowship., and was awarded the 2003 Kesselring Prize.
Work.
Teleplays.
She has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights" and "Parenthood".

</doc>
<doc id="20718292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718292" title="Allgemeine Zeitung (Namibia)">
Allgemeine Zeitung (Namibia)

The Allgemeine Zeitung (literally in English ""General Newspaper"") founded in 1916, is the oldest daily newspaper in Namibia and the only daily newspaper in German language in Africa.
Profile.
The "Allgemeine Zeitung" is a Namibian newspaper. It is written by 10 editors; most of the staff members are either born or naturalized Namibians. The newspaper leans liberal-conservative.
With a circulation from about 5.000 copies (Mondays to Thursdays, 12 to 16 pages) to about 6.000 copies (Fridays, up to 32 pages) (Status: September 2009) the "AZ" is read mostly by German citizens (~25.000). A few hundred papers are sent to South Africa and some (mostly the Friday release) to Namibian expatriates and to Germany. Once a month (usually first Tuesday of the month) an extra for tourists is added. The circulation then increases to about 10.000 copies.
In 1991 Democratic Media Holdings (DMH) bought the Newspaper. The managing editor since 2004 is Stefan Fischer. He modernized the design, which increased demand and led to initial profit for Allgemeine Zeitung. DMH also prints and releases Die Republikein, which is written in Afrikaans, and the Namibian Sun.
All editorial content in the newspaper is written in German, a common language in Namibia.
History.
The "Allgemeine Zeitung" was founded on 22 July 1916 under the name "Der Kriegsbote" (literally ""The War Envoy"") and reported on the events of the First World War. After Germany was defeated and lost German South-West Africa (now Namibia) to South Africa the name was changed to "Allgemeine Zeitung" on 1 July 1919.
In the year of 1937 the Newspaper was bought by the publisher "John Meinert Ltd." . The newspaper was released daily, except for Sundays, with a circulation of 1,800 copies. Most readers were Germans from Windhoek and surroundings. At that time the tagline was changed to indicate the intent to "support German national interests". From 1939 for a short while the Newspaper was released under the name "Deutscher Beobachter" (""German Observer"").
At the same time, smaller newspapers were released, such as "Der Farmer" (""The Farmer""), "Das Volksblatt" (""The People's Paper"") owned by the Workers Association of South Afrika, the "Karakulzüchter" (literally in English ""The Karakul Stockman"") founded in 1933 and the "Heimat" (""Home"") a German paper for Africa's evangelical community.
In 1987, "Diether Lauenstein" became the new owner, before the Newspaper was sold to DMH.

</doc>
<doc id="20718319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718319" title="Kerry Ehrin">
Kerry Ehrin

Kerry Ehrin is a television writer. She has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony for her work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series the following year at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights". Ehrin was nominated for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for the third consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the fourth season.

</doc>
<doc id="20718321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718321" title="Şamlı">
Şamlı

Şamlı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20718333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718333" title="Carl Lovsted">
Carl Lovsted

Carl Martin Lovsted, Jr. (April 4, 1930 – November 8, 2013) was an American rower. In 1952 he competed in the Summer Olympics as a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed four event. He was born in Manila, Philippines and died in Bellevue, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20718356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718356" title="2007 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship">
2007 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship

The 2007 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron Bowl 6A Championship took place on December 8, 2007 in Louisville, KY at the Papa John's Cardinal Stadium. The #2 Trinity Shamrocks defeated the #1 Saint Xavier Tigers in overtime, 34-28. The Championship was the Shamrocks third in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="20718357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718357" title="Al Ulbrickson">
Al Ulbrickson

Alvin "Al" Edmund Ulbrickson (October 10, 1930 – July 6, 2012) was an American rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Ulbrickson was born in Seattle, and was the son of the famed University of Washington rowing coach of the same name, Al Ulbrickson.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event.
After two years in the Army, Ulbrickson returned to the University of Washington and served as the assistant dean of men. He later as vice president of student affairs.
Ulbrickson died in 2012 from lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20718364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718364" title="Concept-oriented design">
Concept-oriented design

Concept-oriented design (COD) is a theory of design and development based upon the language and diagrams of practitioners. It has been implemented in a tool Chasm to build 3D user interfaces (3DUIs). Its name is borrowed from the generic programming idea of a software concept. It was created by Chadwick Wingrave under the direction of Doug A. Bowman while at Virginia Tech and detailed in his dissertation, an early peer-reviewed workshop paper and a peer-reviewed paper in IEEE Virtual Reality, the premier conference in Virtual Reality.
Note.
Concept-oriented design should not be confused with any other concept-oriented theory such as concept-oriented programming or concept-oriented model, work of Alexandr Savinov. Their only relationship is a similar sounding name.

</doc>
<doc id="20718381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718381" title="Egyptian weasel">
Egyptian weasel

The Egyptian weasel ("Mustela subpalmata") is a species of weasel that lives in northern Egypt. It is rated "Least Concern" by the IUCN Red List.
Description.
The Egyptian weasel has short legs, a small head, and small ears. Its tail is long and thin. The weasel has a broad snout. The upper part of the body is brown and the lower part is cream-colored. The Egyptian weasel is so similar to the least weasel ("Mustela nivalis") that it was only discovered to be a separate species as recently as 1992. 
The Egyptian weasel lives in the same places as humans, including cities and villages. It is mostly nocturnal. The female Egyptian weasel can have up to three litters a year. She gives birth to four to nine kits at a time.

</doc>
<doc id="20718383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718383" title="U.S. Route 5 in Vermont">
U.S. Route 5 in Vermont

U.S. Route 5 (US 5) is a part of the United States Numbered Highway System that runs from New Haven, Connecticut to the Canada-United States border at Derby Line, Vermont. In Vermont, the road runs south–north from the Massachusetts state line near Guilford to the international border. The that lie in Vermont are maintained by the Vermont Agency of Transportation (VTrans) and run largely parallel to Interstate 91. US 5 also follows the path of the Connecticut River from the Massachusetts border to St. Johnsbury, where the road turns northeast away from the river. The highway serves the cities of Brattleboro, Hartford, and St. Johnsbury.
Before the development of the Numbered Highway System, US 5 was designated Route 2 and was part of the New England road marking system that existed from 1922 to 1927. When the Highway System was formed in November 1926, the former Route 2 was commissioned as US 5. At this point, the road was not paved. It was not paved until the state of Vermont started overseeing the maintenance of the highway in 1931. The road was completely paved by 1933.
Route description.
US 5 winds through the far eastern part of Vermont, passing through many small towns and villages. The road runs through a fairly rural, wooded area throughout much of its path in Vermont.
Southern Vermont.
US 5 enters the southern end of Vermont in Windham County at the Massachusetts–Vermont state line just north of Bernardston and just south of Guilford, Vermont. The route is known as the Calvin Coolidge Memorial Highway from the Massachusetts border to the junction of Vermont Route 103 in Rockingham. The road winds through wooded land along the west side of Interstate 91 for its first 8 miles in Vermont. In Brattleboro, Vermont's fourth largest town, US 5 crosses under the interstate and winds through Brattleboro's business district. US 5 also starts a brief concurrency with Vermont Route 9 that continues for 2.3 miles. North of Brattleboro, after VT 9 turns east, US 5 crosses back over the interstate to the west side.
US 5 continues north from Brattleboro, passing near the small towns of Dummerston and Putney. North of Putney, it crosses over I-91 to serve the towns of Westminster, Bellows Falls, and Rockingham. Near Rockingham, US 5 intersects Vermont Route 103, which picks up the Calvin Coolidge Memorial Highway. US 5 continues north on the east side of the interstate, crossing into Windsor County, for 6.6 miles to Springfield, where it crosses to the west side for just under a mile. Here, it picks up a 0.8 mile concurrency with Vermont Route 11 and US 5 crosses back to the east side of Interstate 91 with Route 11.
Route 5 continues along the east side of Interstate 91 for 20 miles after its concurrency with Route 11. Along this stretch, US 5 passes through Wilgus State Park in Ascutney and the town of Windsor. In Ascutney, US 5 picks up Vermont Route 12 for a 10-mile long concurrency. Route 12 winds along with US 5 through Windsor and across the interstate to Hartland, where it turns northwest away from US 5. North of Hartland, US 5 crosses Interstate 89 in White River Junction and intersects I-91 again. Now on the east side of I-91, US 5 winds around the northwest edge of White River Junction, where it hooks up with U.S. Route 4. Routes 4 and 5 run concurrent for half a mile, crossing the White River. US 5 continues north to the town of Wilder, where it forms the main road of the town. North of Wilder, US 5 crosses Interstate 91 twice. US 5 continues north, following the Connecticut River closely for 23 miles until it reaches the city of Bradford, passing through the small towns of North Thetford and Ely. Just south of North Thetford, US 5 crosses into Orange County.
Northern Vermont.
For around 11 miles north of Bradford, US 5 passes through rural country along the Connecticut River before reaching the village of Wells River. Here, US 5 has a very brief concurrency with U.S. Route 302. Continuing north, US 5 crosses into Caledonia County, then travels 11 miles before crossing to the west side of Interstate 91, passing through East Ryegate and Barnet. US 5 crosses back and forth across the interstate a couple of times north of Barnet before US 5 and I-91 split at the Passumpsic River, about 2 miles north of Barnet. US 5 winds along the west bank of the Passumpsic, traveling through the town of Passumpsic. US 5 and I-91 meet up again 2 miles north of Passumpsic in the town of St. Johnsbury. It is here in St. Johnsbury that the Connecticut River turns east away from US 5.
US 5 continues north along the Passumpsic River from St. Johnsbury for about 7.5 miles until it reaches the city of Lyndon. In Lyndon, US 5 splits to the east away from Interstate 91. US 5 passes through West Burke, the Willoughby State Forest, and Barton before reaching the town of Orleans, 25 miles north of Lyndon. Along this stretch, US 5 reaches Orleans County. In the town of Orleans, US 5 crosses to the west side of the interstate, concurrent with Vermont Route 58 for half a mile. Route 5 continues north for 10 miles before reaching Newport. Along this 10 mile stretch, the road passes through Coventry. In Newport, US 5 picks up a 5-mile long concurrency with Vermont Route 105 that takes Route 5 across I-91 and into the village of Derby Center. US 5 continues north, crossing I-91 for the last time 2.5 miles north of Derby Center. 6.5 miles north of Derby Center, in the village of Derby Line, US 5 reaches its northern terminus at the international border, across the border from Stanstead, Quebec. US 5 continues past the Derby Line-Stanstead Border Crossing into Quebec as Quebec Route 143.
History.
In 1922, before the United States Numbered Highway System's creation, US 5 traversed through Vermont as New England Route 2, the Connecticut River Way. 5 years later in 1927, at the creation of the highway system, Route 2 was almost completely overtaken by the new U.S. Route 5. At its original designation, US 5 mostly followed Route 2's path, except for a temporary routing into New Hampshire. From 1927 to 1929, US 5 crossed the Connecticut River at Bellows Falls, VT into North Walpole, NH and wound along the river to Charlestown, NH where it crossed back into Vermont.
US 5 was not maintained by the state of Vermont until the creation of the state highway system in 1931. At this point, US 5 was not paved. The state of Vermont started paving the route in 1931 and it was completed by 1933.
Major intersections.
!County
!Location
!Mile
!Junction
!Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20718389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718389" title="Moorland Prison (disambiguation)">
Moorland Prison (disambiguation)

Moorland Prison refers to a pair of prisons located in Hatfield Woodhouse, South Yorkshire, England. The prisons are jointly managed, and are operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service:

</doc>
<doc id="20718405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718405" title="I'm Movin' On (Rascal Flatts song)">
I'm Movin' On (Rascal Flatts song)

"I'm Movin' On" is a song written by Phillip White and D. Vincent Williams, and recorded by American country music group Rascal Flatts. It was released in October 2001 as the fourth single from their self-titled debut album. It reached a peak of number 4 on the "Billboard" country charts in early 2002.
Content.
"I'm Movin' On" is a mid-tempo ballad in triple meter, accompanied by mandolin and piano. In it, the narrator starts off with stating of the troubles he's had: ("I've dealt with my ghosts and I've faced all my demons"). He states that he is "at peace" with himself because he is moving out of the town in which he lives ("I never dreamed home would end up where I don't belong / I'm movin' on"). However, this could also refer to an emotional state—as in a relationship he once believed to be his "emotional" home has become a place he doesn't "belong" in.
Gary LeVox said of the song, " a song that just drains everything out of you." 
Recording.
While recording the song and trying to perfect the vocals, LeVox would often get choked up with emotion. "I was getting choked up recording it after singing it over and over and trying to get it right." According to Joe Don Rooney, "D. Vincent and Phillip writers came in and listened to the final mix. D. Vincent had been having some tough times when he wrote that song. When he got up, he was walking out and said, 'Boys, I got to get me a beer. That one hit too close to home. But I do love it.' He shook our hands and walked out. That was very, very touching."
Reception.
The song won the Song of the Year award at the 38th annual Academy of Country Music awards, at which Rascal Flatts also won Top Vocal Group. Joe Don Rooney, Rascal Flatts' lead guitarist, said in an interview with "USA Weekend" that he considers the song an example of how the band interacts with their fans: "One time, a guy told us he was addicted to drugs and was considering suicide, then he heard our song 'I'm Movin' On.' He didn't say that the song alone changed his life. But it opened his mind to the thought that he could change his life, and he did."
Music video.
A music video directed by Shaun Silva was released for the song. It debuted on November 16, 2001 during CMT Most Wanted Live. The video features footage of a live performance of the song, mixed with scenes of instruments being played and various views of the band members going about their daily lives. DeMarcus is seen exiting an elevator and riding on a subway train, LeVox is frequently seen talking on the phone, and Rooney is shown in a tattoo parlor. Throughout the video, the colors of everything change frequently.
"I'm Movin' On" topped the CMT "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of March 15, 2002.
Chart performance.
"I'm Movin' On" debuted at number 57 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the chart week of October 13, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20718410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718410" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 31 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20718414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718414" title="Østprøven">
Østprøven

Østprøven was a village in Greenland, now abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="20718416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718416" title="Richard Wahlstrom">
Richard Wahlstrom

Richard Wayne Wahlstrom (November 8, 1931 – December 18, 2003) was an American rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Seattle and died in Snohomish county, Washington.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20718430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718430" title="Ed Genson">
Ed Genson

Edward M. Genson (born June 30, 1941) is a Chicago attorney who has represented high profile defendants such as former Republic Windows CEO Richard Gillman, musician R. Kelly, newspaper owner Conrad Black, and Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich.
Early life.
Genson was born June 30, 1941. He as raised in "the south" of Chicago along with his younger sister, Myrna. Edward practiced Judaism and had a Bar Mitzvah. He received a B.A. degree from Northwestern University in 1962, and a J.D. from its law school in 1965.
He married the love of his life, Susan Benjamin, in 1964 and they had three children together, Kimberly, Melissa, and Morton David.
Present Day.
Genson lives with his wife in the suburbs of Chicago. His grandchildren, Mollie, Rebecca, Benjamin, Sarah, Abigail, and Nancy visit him every week. Although he is of old age, he is determined to continue his passion for law.
Blagojevich case.
He was hired by Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich after the Governor's arrest on corruption charges on December 9, 2008 and represented him at the impeachment hearings in the Illinois House of Representatives. However, on January 16, 2009, the U.S. attorney's office in the Northern District of Illinois said Genson would not represent Blagojevich in his state Senate impeachment trial.
On January 23, 2009, after only a month on the case, Genson announced that he would step down as Blagojevich's lead defense attorney, stating that "I never require a client to do what I say but I do require them to at least listen to what I say."
Republic Windows & Doors Case.
Genson was hired by former Republic Windows CEO Richard Gillman to represent him against the charges brought against him. In a surprise move, the judge set Gillman's bail at $10 million; a significantly higher amount then the Prosecution requested.
On Saturday September 25, Genson was able to get Gillman's bail cut in half and he was able to post bail.
Bibliography.
Genson has published the following legal articles:

</doc>
<doc id="20718432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718432" title="RuPaul's Drag Race">
RuPaul's Drag Race

"RuPaul's Drag Race" is an American reality competition television series produced by World of Wonder for Logo. RuPaul plays the roles of host, mentor, and source of inspiration for this series, which details RuPaul's search for "America's next drag superstar."
The show was greenlit in May 2008, according to a press release by MTV Networks. It premiered in the U.S. on Logo on February 2, 2009, and in Canada on the MuchMore network on February 15, 2009. The show also airs on the VH1 network, at 9:00 pm Eastern Time. In Fall 2013, Logo re-aired the first season (renamed The Lost Season), which had been unavailable for telecast or on home media. Season 1 was never on Netflix nor has it been available for years, hence The Lost Season. On February 17, 2014, a seventh season was confirmed after the Facebook page of the show hit 1,000,000 likes.
In the show's first season, it was the most-watched series on Logo, and in its second it became the most-streamed series ever on LogoTV.com. The title of the show is a play on drag queen and drag racing, and the title sequence and song, "Drag Race," both have a drag-racing theme.
Format.
Casting calls are announced online, where prospective contestants submit audition tapes in hopes of being cast. All contestants selected must be 21 years of age or older at the time of taping. They may have any sexual orientation, although most contestants to date have been gay men. Transgender women are eligible, and have become more common as seasons have progressed. Sonique (a season two contestant) became the first openly transgender contestant of the series when she revealed her status as transgender during the season two reunion special. Monica Beverly Hillz (a season five contestant), became the first transgender woman to reveal her status during the competition. The other transgender contestants have entered the competition as biologically male and begun transitioning after their elimination. Carmen Carrera, a season three contestant, announced her transition during an episode of ABC's "Primetime: What Would You Do?" Season four contestant Kenya Michaels announced her own transition via Facebook and Twitter.
RuPaul plays dual roles in the show. "USA Today"'s Lifeline explains: "RuPaul the drag queen will be the final word in judging and eliminations, while RuPaul the man will offer guidance to contestants for each challenge." "RuPaul's Drag Race" uses progressive elimination to reduce the number of drag queens in the competition from the initial field of fourteen contestants (the number established beginning in the fifth season) down to the three who will compete in the final challenge. Each episode (with the exception of the casting special, "recap" episode, and reunion special) follows a format consisting of a mini challenge, a main challenge, a runway walk (where the contestants model fashion on a runway, usually with a theme based on the main challenge), and the judging panel.
Mini challenges.
In the mini challenge, each contestant is asked to perform a different task with varying requirements and time limitations. Certain mini challenges are repeated from season to season. For instance, the first mini challenge of each season is a photo shoot with the photographer Mike Ruiz that includes some kind of special twist (such as being doused with water while in full drag, having a high-powered fan turned on during the shoot, or being photographed while jumping on a trampoline). Another recurring mini challenge is dedicated to "reading," which is a drag term for making insulting observations about one's peers for comic effect. The winner of a mini challenge is sometimes rewarded by being given some kind of advantage in the main challenge. For example, if the main challenge will be a "makeover challenge"—where contestants must put a random individual with characteristics atypical of a drag queen (such as an elderly man or a very masculine male athlete)) into drag—the advantage awarded to the winner of the preceding mini challenge is to be allowed to choose which guest they will make over and which guests each of their competitors will make over. 
Main challenges.
The requirements of the main challenge vary across each episode, are usually individual challenges (though group challenges do occur in each season), and initially grant immunity to the winner (until RuPaul announces the discontinuation of that policy mid-season). The winner of the main challenge receives a special prize for their win. In the past, challenge winners have been rewarded with custom designer clothing, cruises, and quality cosmetic items.
RuPaul has jokingly said of the show: "Tell Tyra that the Queen has returned, and while you're at it have Heidi Klum clear the runway. I'm going to pump some 'realness' into reality. To be a winner on this show the contestants need to be a fashion designer, an "American Idol", and a top model all rolled up into one. And they definitely have to be smarter than a fifth grader." The goal of each main challenge involves a new theme and outcome. Contestants are often asked to design and construct a custom outfit, sometimes incorporating unconventional materials. Other challenges focus on the contestants' ability to present themselves on camera, perform with music, or perform comedically. Some challenges become a tradition across seasons. For instance, Snatch Game is a challenge where the contestants re-enact "Match Game": the drag queens impersonate celebrities of their own choosing, RuPaul stands in as host, and two celebrity guests stand in as "Match Game" contestants.
Judging.
As of season six, Santino Rice and Michelle Visage are the staple judges alongside RuPaul. Visage replaced fashion journalist Merle Ginsberg, who was a regular judge in the first two seasons. Prior to the grande finale, the two are joined by a celebrity guest judge and an extra-special guest judge each week. Celebrity judges have included Kathy Griffin, Henry Rollins, Jackie Collins, Sharon Osbourne, La Toya Jackson,Eliza Dushku, and Rick Fox. In certain instances, Rice has been absent and replacement judging has been provided by make-up artist Billy Brasfield, Mike Ruiz, Jeffrey Moran (Absolut Vodka marketing executive), or Lucian Piane.
The judges each provide their opinion on the contestants' performances on the runway and in the main challenge before RuPaul announces which drag queen is the episode's winner and which two had the weakest performances. The day before judging, the contestants are all provided with a song that they must learn the lyrics to. The contestants deemed as being the bottom two must "lip sync for their lives" to a song by a female artist in a final attempt to impress RuPaul. After the lip-sync, RuPaul alone decides who stays and who leaves. RuPaul describes the qualities the contestants must have to be crowned the winner of the show as "Charisma, Uniqueness, Nerve, and Talent... These are people who have taken adversity and turned it into something that is beautiful and something powerful." The phrase "charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent" is used repeatedly on the show, the acronym of which is CUNT. On the All Stars season, "synergy" was added to provide an explanation behind the contestants being sorted into teams (expanding the acronym into CUNTS).
"Under the Hood" and "Untucked".
The first season of "RuPaul's Drag Race" was accompanied by a seven-episode web series called "Under the Hood of RuPaul's Drag Race". LOGOonline published a webisode of "Under the Hood" after each episode of "Drag Race". In this companion series, RuPaul presents a documentary of contestants' conversation in the green room, replays pertinent moments from "Drag Race", and airs deleted footage.
Starting with season 2 of "Drag Race" in 2010, Logo reformatted "Under the Hood", increased its production budget, moved it from the web to television, and retitled it to "RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked". Logo broadcasts an episode of "Untucked" after each episode of "Drag Race". "Untucked" replaces the basic green room of "Under the Hood" with two decorated rooms sponsored by Absolut Vodka and Interior Illusions, Inc.: the Interior Illusions Lounge and the Gold Bar. These two backstage areas allow for separated group conversation.
Music.
Almost all music used comes from RuPaul's albums. More specifically, RuPaul's recent albums, "Champion" and "Glamazon". Exceptions are songs used during the lip-sync portion of the show.
Essentially, "Champion" is the series soundtrack, but an EP album called "Drag Race", was also released to iTunes and other digital markets. Composed of remixes from RuPaul's "Champion" album, it also serves as a soundtrack.
Season 3.
The song Champion (DJ BunJoe's Olympic Mix) was used during the show and was the basis for the final video challenge. After the closing of the third season, the album, "Glamazon" was released through iTunes. Songs from that album that were used in the season were:
Season 6.
RuPaul confirmed on Twitter that a new album, in which each of the Season 6 contestants covered a song from his catalog, would be coming out. The album, called "The CoverGurlz", was released on January 28, 2014
DVD releases.
DVDs for seasons 2 and 3 are only available in Region 1 and are produced on demand by Amazon.com. Season 4 will be available in Region 1, produced on demand by Amazon.com, is expected to play back in DVD Video "play only" devices, and may not play in other DVD devices, including recorders and PC drives.
Criticism.
"RuPaul's Drag Race" has been criticized for appearing to favor glamorous drag queens over comedic or camp queens. For example, Popbytes commented "Drag Race" has been accused numerous times of keeping some of the more unpleasant but feminine queens in the competition for the sake of keeping the drama high. However, Common Sense Media commented, ""RuPaul's Drag Race" combines the fashion design drama of "Project Runway" with the modeling excitement of "America's Next Top Model" to create an entertainingly voyeuristic glimpse into the performance art world of drag queens. There's plenty of over-the-top stuff, but rather than simply treating drag performers as people to be laughed at and/or scorned, the show also focuses on the hard work and talent that goes into drag performances." "Entertainment Weekly" cited the elimination of comedian and eventual season two fan favorite Pandora Boxx as the season's most controversial. In response, RuPaul has said, "What we're looking for is someone who can really follow in my footsteps: Someone who can be hired by a company to represent their product, someone who can put together a sentence on television and present themselves in the most incredible way."
"New Yorker" critic Emily Nussbaum has praised "Drag Race "as "simultaneously sincere and self-mocking" in its approach to the reality format: "In many ways, it is just another copycat talent show, mashing up product integration, quasi-scripted banter, and themed competitions...But, even in this context, the show is mighty queer. Rupaul -- who appears first in a suit and serious eyeglasses, then in full femininity -- parodies both Tim Gunn and Heidi Klum, 'queering' Bravo's "Project Runway", which was already the gayest thing in town."
Spin-offs.
"RuPaul's Drag U" is a spin-off, in which cisgender women compete to discover and develop their female potential through drag. They are counseled, mentored and given makeovers by Drag Professors, who are contestants from "Drag Race." As the series is filmed in Los Angeles over a month's time, the majority of the professors are queens who reside in Southern California.
In March 2012, it was confirmed by "Entertainment Weekly" that an All-Star edition of "Drag Race" would commence this summer, and would air in the fall, as well as a fifth season of "Drag Race". A new fan page on Facebook was created, asking fans to pick the queen(s) they would like to see in this spin-off; Chad Michaels, Yara Sofia, Mimi Imfurst, Jujubee, Nina Flowers, Manila Luzon, Shannel, Alexis Matteo, Tammie Brown, Raven and Latrice Royale were selected. Sharon Needles was initially also selected, but declined to participate and was instead replaced by runner-up Pandora Boxx. Logo scheduled six one-hour episodes of the All-Star series for the fall of 2012.
On April 15, 2013, RuPaul confirmed on Twitter that he will be the executive producer of a spin-off show featuring Alyssa Edwards of Season 5. Alyssa Edwards confirmed on Twitter that her spin-off is called "Beyond Belief" and in an interview with Queerty revealed that the series will be centered around her dance company based in Mesquite, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20718456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718456" title="Nonakris">
Nonakris

Nonakris (Ancient Greek: , "Nónakris") was an ancient city in Arcadian Azania, situated in what is now Achaea, southern Greece.
Said to be named after the wife of Lycaon, Nonakris was part of the state of Pheneos. It was located near a cliff from which water thought to be that of the Styx trickled. By the time Pausanias visited the city, it was completely in ruins.
Between the 1830s and 1912, there was a municipality named "Nonakrida" () named after the ancient city, situated in the mountainous boundary between the modern municipalities of Kalavryta and Akrata.
Some archaeologists have suggested that the ancient city was located around the modern village of Kerpini, Kalavryta municipality. Around Kerpini, they found an ancient temple, coins, buildings, and other signs of settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20718459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718459" title="Matt Leanderson">
Matt Leanderson

Matthew Fillip "Fil" Leanderson (March 11, 1931 – November 2, 2006) was an American rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Seattle, Washington and grew up in Alderwood Manor, and graduated from Edmonds High School. 
In 1952, he was the stroke of the American boat in the Olympic Four with coxwain event. Because their coach was absent at the Olympics, Leanderson directed his team which won the bronze medal with a 7:37.0 finish, just 0.5 seconds behind the silver-medal-winning Swiss team. 
He went on to coach at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and later left MIT to coach the freshman crew team at the University of Washington, where he took over as head coach from 1959 to 1967. He also coached rowing at Western Washington University from 1977 to 1993. Leanderson was inducted into the Western Washington University Hall of Fame in 1998 and the University of Washington Hall of Fame in 2002.
He died in Kirkland, Washington. He is interred at Evergreen Washelli Memorial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20718469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718469" title="2008 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship">
2008 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship

The 2008 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron Bowl 6A Championship took place on December 13, 2008 in Louisville, KY at the Papa John's Cardinal Stadium. The #1 Trinity Shamrocks defeated the Simon Kenton Pioneers 48-0. The Championship was the Shamrocks fourth in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="20718478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718478" title="Daniel Stewart (politician)">
Daniel Stewart (politician)

Daniel L. Stewart (born June 30, 1962) is an American politician. He was the first openly-gay elected mayor in New York State history (November 1999), taking office 1 Jan 2000. As mayor of Plattsburgh, he served three terms.
Biography.
Daniel Stewart was born in East Hartford, Connecticut, and was raised in Pawtucket and Cumberland, Rhode Island; one of four children including a brother Michael and sisters Cheryl and Donna. Raised in the Fairlawn section of Pawtucket and the Valley Falls section of Cumberland, he attended Nathanael Greene Elementary, Samuel Slater Junior High School, Cumberland Middle School South and Cumberland High School. Graduating high school in June 1980 at age 17, he signed paperwork and entered military service with the United States Air Force. From 1980-1988, he served in the U.S. Air Force, stationed at Lackland AFB in San Antonio, TX; Keesler AFB in Biloxi, MS; Ellsworth AFB in Rapid City, South Dakota, and his final stationing at Plattsburgh AFB in Plattsburgh, NY.
He entered politics in the summer of 1993 and won election that year to serve as a city councilor for Ward 6 in Plattsburgh from 1994 to 2000, with a brief term as Mayor pro tem from 1996-1998. In the 1999 election for mayor, he defeated five-term mayor Clyde Rabideau by 104 votes. Stewart became the first openly gay elected mayor in NY State history.
Though he disagreed with George W. Bush's views on abortion and gay rights, he was one of the so-called "Austin 12" who met with Bush in Austin, Texas during the 2000 election in hopes of forcing Bush to moderate his opinions on gay issues.
Mayor Stewart was appointed in 2006 as Chairman and Commissioner of the New York State Commission of Correction by then NY State Governor George E. Pataki. Stewart held all three Commissioner positions at the SCOC (Chairman, Chair of the Medical Review Board and Chair of the Citizens Policy and Complaint Review Council). Stewart left state service in February 2011 and entered the private sector. He is currently employed as a the Senior Justice Advisor for Connected Justice at San Jose, CA based Cisco Systems Inc., supporting the Connected Justice sector for the Americas Theatre.
Stewart serves as a board member of the National Law Enforcement and Firefighters Children's Foundation. The board serves the surviving families of Law Enforcement and Firefighters who are lost in the line of duty.
Stewart serves on the Victory Campaign Board. This board helps to choose which candidates (running for office who are openly gay) will receive endorsements for funding from the Victory Fund Donor Network.

</doc>
<doc id="20718481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718481" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1937–1941">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1937–1941

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 20 February 1937 election and the 13 December 1941 election. The term was elongated due to World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20718482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718482" title="Carter Harris">
Carter Harris

Carter Harris is a television writer. He has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony for his work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series the following year at the February 2008 ceremony for his work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights".
In 2010 he joined the crew of FX boxing drama series "Lights Out" as a co-executive producer and writer. Harris wrote the episodes "Bolo Punch" and "Cut Men". The show was cancelled during its first season.
In 2012 Harris was a co-executive producer on the CBS TV drama "NYC 22". He wrote the final episode "Turf War". 

</doc>
<doc id="20718490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718490" title="Liz Heldens">
Liz Heldens

Elizabeth "Liz" Heldens is a television producer and writer. She is the creator of "Deception", a drama on NBC which premiered on January 7, 2013. She has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony for her work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series the following year at the February 2008 ceremony for her work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights". Heldens was nominated for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for her work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights". She was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for the third consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for her work on the fourth season.
Helden's other television credits include "Boston Public", "Pepper Dennis", "North Shore", "Bionic Woman" and "Mercy", a series she created.

</doc>
<doc id="20718492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718492" title="Witch Hunt (band)">
Witch Hunt (band)

Witch Hunt are a four-piece hardcore punk band currently located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA who formed in 2001 in northern New Jersey. The band started out as a 3 piece with Janine on bass, Rob on drums, Nicole on guitar and all members sharing vocal duties. In 2005, Vince joined as the drummer and Rob switched to guitar. Members also play or have played in Lost Cause, End Me, Lusts, Clockcleaner, Sickoids, and Snowstorm. 
Their lyrics mainly speak of social-political themes such as imperialism, sexual abuse, the state, and the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20718494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718494" title="Shape and form (visual arts)">
Shape and form (visual arts)

In the visual arts, shape is a flat, enclosed area of an artwork created through line, texture, colour or an area enclosed by other shapes. Likewise, a form can refer to a three-dimensional composition or object within a three-dimensional composition.
Shape.
Definition (High and Low)
Levels of Representation
Form.
Negative/Positive, Organic/Geometric, Static/Dynamic
Kinetic
Form vs. Function—Dimensionality
- Plane/Volume/Mass and Degrees of Dimensionality -
Categories.
Geometric and Organic.
"Geometric shapes" are precise edged and mathematically consistent curves, they are pure forms and so consist of circles, squares, spirals, triangles, while "geometric forms" are simple volumes, such as cubes, cylinders and pyramids. They generally dominate architecture, technology, industry and crystalline structures.
In contrast, "organic shapes" are free-form, unpredictable and flowing in appearance. These shapes, as well as "organic forms", visually suggest the natural world of animals, plants, sky, sea, etc... The addition of organic shapes to a composition dominated by geometric structures can add unpredictable energy.
Rectilinear and Curvilinear.
Definitions:
Rectilinear- characterized by straight lines.
Curvilinear- consisting of or bounded by curved lines: a curvilinear figure. 
Examples: 
Rectilinear-
http://mathworld.wolfram.com/RectilinearCrossingNumber.html
Curvilinear-
http://www.marklaurence.com/articles/discourse_on_curves.html
Positive and Negative.
A positive shape is a shape, that has details inside it, such as an outline of a human, with body features. While, a negative shape is a shape without any details; it's just an outline.

</doc>
<doc id="20718503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718503" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Crawford County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 19 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20718516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718516" title="Chen Genkai">
Chen Genkai

Chen Genkai (; yale: Chan4 Gan1 Gaai1; born December 1950 in Zhongshan, Guangdong) is the current Party Secretary and Chairman of the Standing Committee of Zhongshan People's Congress. Chen is also known to be the mayor of Zhongshan from 1998 to 2006.
Profile.
He began working in 1970 and then joined the Communist Party of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20718525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718525" title="Luc Besson filmography">
Luc Besson filmography

Luc Besson is an award-winning French film director, writer and producer. He has contributed to many projects as either the writer, director, producer, or a combination of the three.

</doc>
<doc id="20718543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718543" title="Subaru Legacy (second generation)">
Subaru Legacy (second generation)

"For a complete overview of all generations, see Subaru Legacy"
The second-generation Subaru Legacy was marketed in Japan from October 1993, and July 1994 marked the second generation in North America with a full body and chassis revision. The exterior was designed by Olivier Boulay in 1991, during his tenure at Subaru. The tail light appearance on both the sedan and wagon was influenced by the taillights on the SVX.
North American models.
In 1996, Subaru decided to make AWD standard equipment in all vehicles produced for the North American market from that year to today's current date, excluding the Subaru BRZ.
30th Anniversary Edition (1999).
It was a version commemorating the 30th anniversary of Subaru. It includes upgraded interior and sunroof, spoiler, and alloy wheels on the "L" trim level cars.
Japanese models.
Subaru still offers a choice between front- and all-wheel-drive for its domestic market vehicles. The MOMO black leather steering wheel installed on the GT and RS model designations continued, but the style changed from a four spoke design to a three spoke. The previous steering wheel was afixed with six allen head screws to an adapter hub that incorporated the cruise control activation switch which was replaced with an integrated hub inside the three spoke steering wheel and is not compatible with the BC-BJ-BF series first generation Legacy cruise control arrangement.
GT.
Introduced on launch in 1993, the Gen 2 GT introduced Subaru's new Sequential Twin Turbo. These models were still using an EJ20 2.0 L DOHC engine, shared with the RS.
RS.
The RS simply was the GT sedan for the Gen 2's, and available in manual or auto. This was a change from the first generation RS, which was manual only, and featured different interiors. There was still a GT sedan offered however, and was full leather, and automatic transmission only.
GT-B (1996-1998).
Was a Japanese model station wagon introduced in June 1996 (BG5B). It includes front and rear Bilstein struts, with the upgrade also available on the RS. The "B" designation stood for Bilstein. The Legacy GT was available for sale around the same time as the Nissan Avenir Salut turbocharged 2.0 L with AWD. The GTB also offered larger brakes, sway bars, wheels, and some different interior options. Manual GTB's and RSB's also featured the EJ20R twin turbo motor, which was the first legacy to offer 206KW. The manual also shared the TY752VBCAA manual transmission from the Version 3 STi. Auto GTB's and RSB's however kept the less powerful EJ20H. Though the EJ20H was revised in 96 for the B revision.
TS-R.
Or TS type R, was a 2.0L naturally aspirated DOHC, and had comparable trim to the GT's. B spec TS-R's were also available, with the same body kit, interior, wheels, and Bilstein suspension. The TS-R did not receive projector headlights with the 'Rev B' face lift unlike the 250T and GT's
250T.
The 250T was a 2.5L naturally aspirated DOHC, and was available in full GT trim. B spec 250T's were also available, with the same body kit, wheels, and Bilstein suspension.
GT-B Limited (1997-1998).
Offered only for the BG5C revision (MY97), the limited offered an altered front bumper, with additional large spotlights. Other differences included a woodgrain momo wheel and gear knob, not otherwise available. Mechanically they are identical to standard BG5C GTB's though. Limiteds were not available in sedan.
European models.
LPG models.
According to the French Wikipedia, LPG was introduced as an alternative fuel source on European models with the 2.0 L and 2.2 L engines, built by company Necam Koltec. The fuel tank was installed in the spare tire compartment, with the spare tire installed vertically on the left side of the trunk or cargo area.
Legacy Twin Turbo.
Turbocharged versions continued to be available in most international markets. Specialty touring and racing versions were available in Japan, as well as the DOHC 2 liter twin sequential turbocharged (EJ20H & EJ20R) version on both the Legacy sedan and wagon, listed as "Boxer 2-stage Twin Turbo" on the engine cover shroud. This engine was popular with Japanese buyers due to reduced tax liability based on Japanese vehicle size legislation; the car offered performance advantages over larger cars sold in Japan with bigger engines but with a smaller tax bill. The twin turbo can only be installed on right-hand drive vehicles because the turbo on the left side interferes with both the brake master cylinder and steering linkage, among other things. A minor performance problem with the twin turbo is there was a "turbo dead zone" that surfaced between the transition from the first turbo before the second turbo would kick in around 4700-5200 rpm. A continuous traction delivery system, called VTD by Subaru, was used with all JDM turbocharged vehicles with the automatic transmission. The VTD AWD system is a permanent AWD due to its 36% / 64% split.
Trim levels.
The Brighton trim level also carried over from the facelifted first generation version that was priced below the "L" trim option.
The "GT" trim level appeared in 1996. The term "Limited" appeared on the "GT", known as the "GT Limited" in 1998. The term "Limited" was used by itself on the Outback in 1998.
GT models, first offered as a wagon trim package for the USA version in 1994, became a full-blown upgrade in 1996, using the new DOHC 2.5L EJ25D flat-4 engine. GT models continue to the present model, with Limited editions available, offering heated leather or cloth seats and trim and a tinted glass moonroof. Driver and front passenger airbags were added with the redesigned interior. New equipment added to the list of features included RF remote keyless entry, fog lights on the upper trim levels and speed-sensitive power steering.
Outback.
The Outback concept originated with Subaru of America, which was suffering from slumping sales in the mid-1990s partly due to a lack of an entry in the then-burgeoning sport utility vehicle market. Lacking the finances to design an all-new vehicle, Subaru decided to add body cladding and a suspension lift to their Legacy wagon. Named the Legacy Outback, after the Australian outback, actor Paul Hogan was the spokesman in the North American market, playing off the Australian name of the vehicle and portraying the vehicle as a capable and more efficient alternative to large, truck-based SUVs. Sales exceeded expectations, with Tim Mahoney, Senior Vice President of Subaru of America stating "Outback saved our company."
The Legacy Outback was formally introduced to the North American market at the 1994 New York Auto Show, and was known in Japan starting August 1995 as the Legacy Grand Wagon, and in Australia as the Outback, a trim package with normal ground clearance but an "SUV look" with two-tone paint and fog lights. For the 1995 model year, the Legacy wagon in the North American market was available as the Alpine Sport and Sun Sport, which were Value Option Packages included on the "L" trim level wagon, and graphics denoting the option package installed. In Japan the Legacy wagon was called the Legacy Touring Wagon so the Grand wagon nomenclature was meant to signify a more grand, luxurious approach to equipment offered. The exterior was designed by Olivier Boulay, who was hired by Subaru on a short-term basis.
For the 1995 model year, the first year the Outback was introduced, the Outback was a trim package on the base model Legacy wagon "L", that primarily consisted of the heavy cloth interior, berber carpet floor mats, a luggage rack and fog lights with a standard height suspension. This approach was also used on the smaller Impreza wagon, with the name Outback Sport. When the 1996 model year arrived, it gained more aggressive appearing front bumper covers, with larger rallye inspired driving lamps replacing the previously installed fog lights, taller tires with more aggressive tread, and a ground clearance, with a ground clearance in Japan. The more aggressive appearance was also used on the smaller Outback Sport while omitting the increase in ground clearance from suspension modification. This approach was inspired by the Legacy having been entered into international rallying and long distance racing events, and winning the 1990 Safari Rally in the Group N category.
The previous generation Legacy wagon had an optional air suspension, which allowed the driver to temporarily increase the vehicle's ground clearance, however the permanent increased ride height used on the Outback proved to be more practical. Subaru sales had been declining up until that point in North American market. With the help of clever marketing, a trim level called the Outback intent on making the Subaru a more capable multi-terrain vehicle offered an affordable and fuel efficient alternative to the popular SUVs that were outselling Subaru's traditional offerings. The Legacy and Outback wagons were built at the Subaru of Indiana Automotive production facility in Lafayette, Indiana that also manufactured the Isuzu Rodeo and the badge engineered Honda Passport, traditional SUVs with transfer case installed four-wheel-drive and an extended ground clearance.
In September 1997, the Japanese Legacy Grand Wagon was renamed Legacy Lancaster though 1998 cars retained the Grand Wagon nameplate along with the new Lancaster plate. Earlier versions of the Outback continued to use the EJ22 four cylinder engine, while later generations introduced the larger EJ25 four cylinder engine, revised with DOHC and more horsepower. The JDM Grand Wagon and Lancaster were only available with the DOHC 2.5-liter flat-4 engine, receiving a improvement in 1998. Some Japanese-spec Grand Wagons came with digital climate control, plaid seat upholstery, a dual-range manual transmission and a Momo black leather steering wheel. Because the only engine available in Japan was the 2.5-liter engine, and the engines displacement exceeded Japanese regulations for vehicles classified as a "compact", Japanese buyers of the Grand Wagon were liable for taxes charged to larger cars, and was regarded as a luxury vehicle in Japan.
All trim levels retained the typical AWD layouts seen in previous generation Legacy, depending on transmission choice. Manual transmission models came with a mechanical "Continuous AWD" system which was normally 50/50 front/rear, and relied on limited slip differentials to redirect power front to rear, rear to front, and from one rear wheel to the other (when fitted with a rear limited slip differential). Automatic transmission models had an electronically controlled AWD system that was 90/10 front/rear and redirected differing amounts of power to the rear wheels continuously. When accelerating or driving uphill, the vehicles weight shifts rearward, reducing front wheel traction, causing the transmission to automatically send torque to the rear wheels to compensate. When braking or driving downhill, the vehicle's weight shifts towards the front, reducing rear wheel traction. The transmission again compensates by sending torque to the front wheels for better steering control and braking performance. If the automatic is placed in Reverse or "1st" gear, the transmission divides the torque 50-50 to both front and rear wheels.
Legacy SUS.
The Legacy SUS (for "Sport Utility Sedan") was launched with a limited production test run sold in New England (USA) in 1998 and, based on its success, was rolled out in North America only the following year. The "Limited" trim level package for the Outback wagon was standard equipment on the sedan body, with the addition of a hood scoop and trunk-mounted rear wing. Despite the appearance of the front hood scoop, the SUS was not installed with a turbocharged engine; the only engine installed from Subaru was the naturally-aspirated EJ25D engine. The "SUS" moniker was removed with the introduction of the Second Generation. Plastic side cladding was not present on the side doors of the Outback; the lower half of the doors were painted a contrasting color also found on the front and rear bumper covers.
Specifications.
Equipment.
The remote keyless entry can unlock just the drivers door by pushing the unlock button once, while holding down the button unlocks all doors. Using the key to unlock the door after using the remote keyless entry to lock the doors will cause the alarm to sound, if equipped with a security system. The doors must be unlocked with the remote to avoid the security system from being set off.
An unusual interior change placed the power window switches flat against the door panel, whereas the window switches for the first generation and third generation extended from the door panels and were oriented in a horizontal position and were located underneath the drivers or occupants hands for easy location and use, and integrated into the door pull and armrest. The express up feature for the driver's window was also removed, leaving express down only. The power door lock switch design was upgraded to a more conventional door lock switch, installed next to the power window switches, with a secondary power lock switch installed for the front passenger. This approach was also used on the 1990-1993 Honda Integra
Side turn signal repeater lenses that were introduced on the USA 1992-1994 Legacy were replaced by a plastic cap that covers a hole where the side repeater is utilized internationally, and the color of the cap matches the color of the door rub strip on vehicles sold in North America.
Head gasket issues.
Nearly all newly developed EJ25D DOHC 2.5 L engine for this generation have experienced internal head gasket leakage around 100,000 miles, (160,000 km). There are multiple causes for this leakage:
• Head gasket design. Subaru used a multi-layer steel gasket with a graphite ring separating the coolant passage from the cylinder. This ring corrodes, causing internal leakage.
• Coolant charge and corrosion. The coolant acts as a ground for the car's electrical system, taking on a positive charge. The charged coolant degrades quickly resulting in cavitation (the formation of air bubbles in the coolant). These air bubbles create high-pressure zones that wear the head gasket as they pass. To remedy this, Subaru introduced additional engine grounding points to keep the coolant as isolated as possible from the electrical system.
• Improper cooling system maintenance. The unconventional nature of the EJ motor cooling system causes air bubbles to form much more easily than in traditional cooling systems, and the system must be bled of this air periodically. Subaru shortsightedly introduced a "Subaru Coolant Additive" which was essentially a form of stop-leak in response to the head gasket leaks. 
• Unchanged oil. The oil will, over time, pick up contaminants (namely, unburnt fuel) which can corrode the gasket material while the car is at rest.
With proper maintenance and awareness, all but the most catastrophic of head gasket failures can be prevented.

</doc>
<doc id="20718558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718558" title="Aaron Rahsaan Thomas">
Aaron Rahsaan Thomas

Aaron Rahsaan Thomas is a television and film screenwriter and producer, as well as an adjunct professor at the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts.
Thomas was born and raised in Kansas City, Kansas, and attended the Pembroke Hill School in nearby Kansas City, Missouri. Thereafter, he attended the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts in Los Angeles, where he remained afterward and lives today.
Thomas began his professional career as a writer's assistant on the TV series "Soul Food". Since then, he has written and produced episodes for other TV series, including "Friday Night Lights", "Numb3rs" and "". His feature film screenwriting credits include "Weapon", starring Jean-Claude Van Damme, and "Cover", directed by Bill Duke. 
In 2006, Thomas was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series for his work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights". The following year, the Writers Guild of America nominated him for its Best Dramatic Series award for his work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for the same award the next year for his work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights". Thomas additionally has been nominated for two NAACP Image Awards for his work on "Friday Night Lights".

</doc>
<doc id="20718562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718562" title="John Zinman">
John Zinman

John Zinman is a film and television writer. He has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights". He often works with writing partner Patrick Massett. He has been nominated for four Writers Guild of America (WGA) Awards for his work on "Friday Night Lights".
Career.
He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America (WGA) Awards for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony for his work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Dramatic Series the following year at the February 2008 ceremony for his work on the second season of "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for Best Dramatic Series a second time at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for the third consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for his work on the fourth season.
John Zinman and writing partner Patrick Massett are the writers of the film "".

</doc>
<doc id="20718573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718573" title="Andy Miller (writer)">
Andy Miller (writer)

Andy Miller is a television writer. He has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for Best New Series at the February 2007 ceremony for his work on the first season of "Friday Night Lights".

</doc>
<doc id="20718597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718597" title="Latino Money (magazine)">
Latino Money (magazine)

The Latinos Money Magazine formerly known as Latino Money Magazine is a quarterly US magazine which is noted for publishing its list of Hispanic billionaires and Hispanic millionaires. It was founded in 2002 by Jomo Thomas for Niche Lab Capital Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20718611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718611" title="Candidates of the Australian Senate election, 1970">
Candidates of the Australian Senate election, 1970

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1970 Australian Senate election. The election was held on 21 November 1970.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Six seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Country Party Senator Colin McKellar's death; this was held in the interim by Douglas Scott. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats. Senators Bob Cotton (Liberal), Joe Fitzgerald (Labor), Doug McClelland (Labor) and Lionel Murphy (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending two seats. The Democratic Labor Party was defending one seat. Senators Condon Byrne (Democratic Labor), George Georges (Labor), Ron Maunsell (Country), Bertie Milliner (Labor) and Dame Annabelle Rankin (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending four seats. The Liberal Party was defending one seat. Senators Reg Bishop (Labor), Nancy Buttfield (Liberal), Jim Cavanagh (Labor), Condor Laucke (Liberal) and Harold Young (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. Senators Bob Poke (Labor), Peter Rae (Liberal), Reg Turnbull (Independent), Ken Wriedt (Labor) and Reg Wright (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Six seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Labor Senator Sam Cohen's death; this had been filled in the interim by Bill Brown. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Democratic Labor Party was defending one seat. Senators Sir Magnus Cormack (Liberal), Jack Little (Democratic Labor), George Poyser (Labor) and James Webster (Country) were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Country Party was defending one seat. Senators Edgar Prowse (Country), Peter Sim (Liberal), Don Willesee (Labor), Laurie Wilkinson (Labor) and Reg Withers (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is an indication of whether the party contested the Senate election in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20718618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718618" title="Al Rossi">
Al Rossi

Albert "Al" Rossi (born June 20, 1931) is an American rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bessemer, Michigan.
In 1952 he was the coxswain of the American boat which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20718642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718642" title="Constans Theatre">
Constans Theatre

The Constans Theatre is a performing arts venue located on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville, Florida. The facility first opened in 1967, and currently serves as a venue for musical concerts, theater, dance, and lectures. In 2004 the facility was named for the patron H.P. Constans, who donated a considerable donation to renovate Constans Theatre in 2004.
The venue is located on McCarty Drive, and is adjacent to the J. Wayne Reitz Union. Constans Theatre is a sub-venue of the Nadine McGuire Pavilion and Dance Pavilion, and is part of the School of Theatre and Dance.
Facilities.
The Theatre include:

</doc>
<doc id="20718660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718660" title="Subaru Legacy (third generation)">
Subaru Legacy (third generation)

"For a complete overview of all generations, see Subaru Legacy"
Subaru launched the third generation Japanese and world-market Legacy in June 1998, while the North American model was introduced in 2000. In all markets except for the United States, production lasted through 2002, with a limited production Blitzen model sold mid-cycle under the 2003 model year in Japan. Production in the United States lasted through 2004. 
At its introduction in 1999, it won the Automotive Researchers' and Journalists' Conference Car of the Year award in Japan.
All models were equipped with standard, symmetrical all wheel drive. World-market and Japanese models ranged from a normally aspirated 2.0 liter flat-4 to the EZ30 in the 3.0R model. Even though dimensions became mid-sized, it was still rated by the EPA as a compact car.
Flat roof wagons are no longer manufactured worldwide, and instead the raised roof is used for both the Legacy wagon and Legacy Outback (Lancaster in Japan).
In 2001 the EZ30, a newly designed 3.0 L H6 was offered in the Outbacks.
The Legacy is the only vehicle in this class that provides AWD as standard equipment.
Models.
B4.
The B4 model was introduced for the third generation, and was a sedan-only model. The RSK featured the familiar DOHC, twin-turbo 2.0 litre engine rated ( for automatic with manual mode). This results in a 0-60 mph time of 5.2 s for the Manual and 5.8 s for the automatic. This engine was popular with Japanese buyers due to reduced tax liability based on Japanese vehicle size legislation; the car offered performance advantages over larger cars sold in Japan with bigger engines but with a smaller tax bill. The B4 moniker also applied to naturally aspirated models, such as the 2.0L TS-R.
Australia models (called B4) were detuned to run on lower octane (98 RON) fuel and were rated for the manual and for the automatic models. This results in a 0-60 mph time of 5.6 s for the Manual and 6.6 s for the automatic.
A B4 TS-R model was equipped with a less powerful, naturally aspirated 2.0 L DOHC AVCS engine, but shared many of the body and suspension components of the more powerful RSK.
In 2001, a B4 RS25 model was introduced with a naturally aspirated 2.5 L DOHC engine.
In 2002, the B4 RS30 was introduced with a naturally aspirated 3.0 L EZ30 DOHC flat-six engine.
B4 Engine Structure
The B4 is powered by a 'phase 2' all-alloy DOHC, 16-valve, intercooled turbo 2-litre boxer four. According to official Subaru literature, there are several advantages to the boxer design. Due to the balance afforded by horizontally opposed cylinders, the crankshaft requires less weighting and there is no need to install balance shafts. This results in reduced noise, vibration and less power loss. Strength is also an advantage of the boxer design - the crankshaft is sandwiched between the left and right hand crankcases and is supported by 5 main bearings. The low and wide engine structure also lowers the vehicle's centre of gravity and improves mass distribution.
Working from the crankcases out, the 'phase 2' engine sees the crank thrust bearing relocated to the rear of the shaft - this reduces transfer of natural frequencies to the transmission, resulting in improved NVH. Pistons are all-new in the B4. Despite being made from forged aluminium, the pistons are heavier (162 up from 152 grams) and incorporate solid skirts, reduced piston pin offset, a molybdenum coating, reduced top-land to cylinder clearance and flat-top combustion surfaces. Improved off-boost torque comes from a raised static compression ratio - 9.0:1 compared to the Impreza WRX's 8.0:1.
The two DOHC, 16-valve heads incorporate a fuel-efficient, low-emission design, with a 'tumble swirl air' motion created by a specially shaped intake port and increased valve angle and lift. The belt-driven camshafts act directly on hollow valve stems. Intake valves are hollow (reducing their mass from 51.6 to 48.4 grams) and the exhaust valves (46.7 versus 50.5 grams) are sodium-filled for more efficient heat transfer.
Sequential Turbo Staging
The B4 uses a sequentially staged primary and secondary turbocharger to deliver good throttle response and a wide torque spread. The primary turbo delivers boost in the low rpm and load ranges to deliver 278Nm at 2000 rpm, while the secondary turbo joins in above 4000-4500 rpm. With both turbos boosting, a 320Nm torque peak arrives at 4800 rpm and maximum power (190 kW) is seen at 6000 rpm. Note that Japanese-market B4s - running on 100-octane fuel - are rated at 206 kW.
The primary turbo (located at the left rear of the engine) delivers boost in the low rpm and load range, while the secondary turbo comes in to aid mid-to-high range breathing. During the primary turbo stage, boost pressure is controlled by a conventional arrangement of an ECU-controlled duty-cycle solenoid and an internal wastegate.
The secondary turbo remains inoperative during this stage, as a separate exhaust control valve (situated on the right side of the engine) remains closed. This valve prevents exhaust gasses entering the secondary turbine.
During the 4000-4500 rpm transitional stage, however, the exhaust control valve is partially opened, bringing the secondary turbo up to near-operating speed. The ECU - working with another duty solenoid and vacuum diaphragm - determines the amount that the exhaust control valve opens. The ECU calculates this amount of valve opening based on the input of a differential pressure sensor that takes feeds from the intake manifold and the outlet of the secondary turbo.
Any boost pressure produced by the secondary turbocharger during the transitional stage is redirected to the atmospheric side of the compressor inlet (between the turbos and air filter).
With the primary turbo continuing to supply manifold pressure and the secondary turbocharger essentially bleeding off the boost it makes during the transition, the ECU will determine when to close the pressure relief valve and fully open the exhaust control valve. Once this is done, the ECU will again look at the input from the differential pressure sensor and open yet another valve - the intake control valve (which is mounted between the secondary turbo's compressor outlet and the intercooler).
With the intake control valve open, boost pressure from the secondary turbo is allowed to pass through the intercooler (in addition to the boost supplied by the primary turbo). Manifold pressure during the second stage of turbocharging remains regulated by the primary turbocharger's wastegate - there is only one turbine by-pass valve in the whole system.
Subaru claims: "The 'staging' between the single and twin turbo operating range, which was quite noticeable to the driver on the previous model B4, has now largely been 'tuned out' by the careful selection of turbocharger size and the controlling mechanisms. As can be seen from this torque curve, however, under some driving conditions it is still possible to detect a slight reduction in the rate of acceleration in the preparatory or intermediate phase that occurs between 4000-4500 rpm."
The Turbochargers
Despite being called twins, the B4's turbochargers are not identical. The primary turbocharger is an IHI VF33 unit, which uses a 46.5/35.4mm 9-blade turbine wheel and a 47.0mm/35.4mm 6 + 6 blade compressor. At idle, the turbo spins at around 20,000 rpm and it can go on to a maximum speed of 190,000 rpm. It has a 17mm diameter wastegate opening to bypass excess exhaust gas. The secondary turbocharger is an IHI VF32. On the exhaust side it uses a 46.5/35.4mm 9-blade turbine wheel, teamed with a 52.5/36.6mm 10-blade compressor wheel. It's rated at 180,000 rpm. Both the primary and secondary turbochargers use a floating metal centre bearing - not ball bearings.
Intercooling
Like the WRX, the B4 uses a bonnet scoop to feed a top-mount air-to-air intercooler. Manufactured by Sanden, the intercooler has an effective depth of 73mm, a width of 140mm and a length of 370mm. With 26 tubes to take induction air from one end-tank to the other, the unit has a 13.37 kW heat transfer capacity and reduces 120-130 degree Celsius charge air to 70-80 degrees Celsius (claimed).
Gearbox and Driveline
Australian-delivered Liberty B4s come with a longitudinally mounted 5-speed manual gearbox only. It is essentially the same unit that was introduced in MY99 models (which saw the most changes since the Liberty was introduced in 1990).
Amongst its list of improvements is increased case rigidity and twice the number of bolts attaching it to the engine (there's now 8 instead of 4). The synchromesh baulk ring, gear docking teeth angles and the double cone synchro on 2nd and 3rd gear have also all been retuned.
The B4's 'S type' close-ratio gearset has taller ratios in the first three cogs than the Impreza WRX, but a shorter 4.11:1 final drive ratio counters some of this effect. Interestingly, the gears are now cold forged and shot peened for added strength and a flexible flywheel design is now incorporated to reduce engine vibration reaching the driveline. The pull-type 230mm single plate clutch has increased torque capacity thanks to an 830 kg clamping load pressure plate.
The B4's AWD layout is traditional Subaru. There's a viscous limited-slip centre coupling that - during straight line driving - apportions front-to-rear torque 50:50. Torque distribution at the road, however, is dependant on load distribution and tyre grip. As a result, the static straight driving ratio is 60:40 front-to-rear. Under dynamic driving conditions, however, the torque distribution varies accordingly. The viscous coupling senses rotational speed difference between the front and rear axles and transmits torque to the end with the most grip (which has lesser axle rpm).
A rear viscous LSD is also used to improve high-speed stability and traction during low speed cornering.
Suspension
The B4 is suspended on the same platform as other Liberty models - MacPherson struts under the front and a multi-link strut rear. The front suspension incorporates cast aluminium L-shaped transverse links and the cross member features a newly devised 'performance rod'. The performance rod is a lateral brace, which improves side-axis stiffness by 500 percent and longitudinal stiffness by 50 percent. This provides more constant suspension geometry under hard cornering. The rear suspension, too, receives an additional support sub-frame to improve rear suspension lateral and longitudinal stiffness (by 200 percent and 20 percent respectively).
Front Suspension 
Damping Rate - Bump/Rebound (N @ 0.3 m/s) 932/2159
Suspension Travel - Bump/Rebound (mm) 105/95
Spring Rate (N/mm) 25.1
Swaybar Diameter (mm) 20
Rear Suspension 
Damping Rate - Bump/Rebound (N @ 0.3 m/s) 600/2350
Suspension Travel - Bump/Rebound (mm) 125/85
Spring Rate (N/mm) 47.5
Swaybar Diameter (mm) 17
The front strut is a lightweight Bilstein item. The struts are inverted to deliver higher bending rigidity (thanks to larger damping tube diameter) and less damping fade as a result of increased piston size. Springs are mounted offset so their centreline coincides with the pivot axis. This reduces road shock and - by minimising bump and rebound stiction - provides less vibration.
The B4's initial spring, damper and swaybar specifications were devised in Japan and later tuned at the Nurburgring circuit. It's said the target was to at least equal the performance of the BMW M3. Here are some of comparison figures:
Suspension Performance Liberty B4 BMW M3
Roll Angle @ 90m Circle Diameter 4.5 degrees 4.45 degrees
Roll Angle @ 190m Circle Diameter 4.25 degrees 4.0 degrees
Slalom - 8 pylons spaced @ 13m 8.0 sec 7.9 sec
Slalom - 6 pylons spaced @ 30m 6.4 sec 6.2 sec
Slalom - 10 pylons spaced @ 18m 10.2 sec 10.1 sec
Braking
The B4's 1495 kilogram mass is slowed by 294mm ventilated front discs and twin-pot floating calipers and 290mm ventilated rear discs and single-pot floating calipers. An increased diameter vacuum assisted tandem booster gives reduced pedal effort though relatively firm braking feel (see graph). The system is diagonally linked to maintain safety in the event one line should fail, and front and rear pressure control valve are used to balance braking force to suit weight distribution. Maximum braking deceleration from 100 km/h is 0.99g with a 39.4 metre stopping distance.
The B4's standard anti-lock braking system is Bosch's latest 5.3i system (which is made under license by Nippon ABS). It's a 4-channel, 3-phase system with the front wheels controlled individually, while the rears are controlled jointly (through the 'select low' method). The select low method uses the rear wheel with the lower coefficient of adhesion to calculate the brake line pressure applied to both of the rear wheels.
A major advantage of the new system is the increased level of wheel speed control afforded by the 3-phase control cycle, which now operates at 18 MHz (up from 12 MHz) and has increased ROM capacity (32kB up from 12kB). Under driving conditions, the result is around 50 percent less yaw moment (oversteer/understeer attitude) when one side of the vehicle is braking on ice and the other is on asphalt. One-third the amount of steering correction is needed under these conditions.
The aforementioned 'select low' method of rear braking force, together with electronically delayed build up of braking force at the front wheel with a high adhesion coefficient and negative steering roll radius, maximises chassis stability under braking.
Electronics
A combined key, remote central locking transmitter and immobiliser transponder protects the Liberty B4 from theft. Once the key is inserted into the ignition barrel and switched on, an antenna amplifier (positioned around the ignition barrel) reads the transponder code and transmits it to the engine management system. Without the correct code sequence, the engine is not allowed to start.
In addition to the key immobiliser, Subaru Australia also installs a dual-stage security system (as came fitted to previous Impreza STis). The remote locking transmitter represents the first stage of security, while a console-mounted numerical keypad forms the second stage. To disarm the 6 points of immobilisation, the correct four-digit code must be entered into the keypad. The system also features an anti-hijack, mode, intrusion alert, false alarm prevention, internal screamer siren, infrasonic sensor, valet mode and anti cross-pollination software.
The B4's instrument cluster is back-lit and delivers excellent visibility under all conditions. The clock rings, pointers and the calibration data is sequentially illuminated once the ignition is switched on.
American car audio company McIntosh spent 12 months in Japan customising a sound system to suit the acoustics of the B4. The double-DIN head unit incorporates a single CD player, tuner and cassette deck, while some units also had a mini disc player. The system features a high-performance digital to analogue (D/A) converter, 20-bit Burr-Brown chips, Dolby B noise reduction (tape), dual antenna AM/FM radio and McIntosh's Power Guard technology, which gives low distortion at high sound pressure levels. A 6-band, 4-channel parametric equaliser has also been tuned specifically for the B4.
Separate to the head unit - under the front passenger seat - is the system amplifier. The output power handled by each of the 4-channels is 24W and the subwoofer is 60W. The total harmonic distortion of the system is as low as 0.05 percent - comparable to a good home audio system.
The speaker system comprises 20mm soft dome tweeters in the sail areas, 165mm polypropylene cone 2-ways in the front and rear doors and a 152 x 228mm subwoofer offset to one side on the rear deck. The whole system weighs about 10 kilograms.
An electronically controlled rear muffler is used to keep the B4 quiet at low road speeds. The pipe that leads into the rear muffler is divided in two, with one pipe equipped with a flapper valve. The ECU - working with an actuator and cable - opens this valve when travelling at medium-to-high road speeds. This increases exhaust gas flow.
Body
The bonnet of the Liberty B4 is made from 1mm thick aluminium. Once fitted with its intercooler scoop, the bonnet assembly weighs 9.5 kilograms - some 8 kilograms lighter than the steel bonnet fitted to other Liberty models.
Body strength has also been improved over the first 1999 current-shape Liberty. Torsional rigidity has increased from the 1999 model's 2.52 x 106 Nm2/rad to 3.5 x 106 Nm2/rad. Flexural rigidity is increased from 4.89 x 106 Nm to 5.47 x 106 Nm.
Other Interesting Tech Facts about the Liberty B4...
The B4 has a 0.34Cd and a CdA of 0.703m2
It 190 kW at 6400 rpm and 320Nm at 4800 rpm - in comparison, the Australian delivered Impreza STi made 206 kW at 6500 rpm and 353Nm at 4000 rpm.
Maximum boost pressure is quoted at 0.933 Bar (at 4800 rpm).
The engine has a minimum fuel octane rating of 98 RON.
Subaru Australia lists the vehicle capable of 0 - 60 mph (not quite 100 km/h) in 6.5 seconds, a 14.6 second quarter mile and a top speed of 220 km/h.
Seventy six percent of its body is galvanised metal.
Front caliper pot diameter is 42.8mm (x2), and rear caliper pot diameter is 38.1mm (x1).
The B4 has a combined cycle driving range of 650 km.
GT.
The GT is a tuned version of the Legacy Wagon, using the same 2.0l twin-turbo engine as the B4 saloon version.
USDM GT
The USDM GT is a trim model that featured larger brake calipers than the standard trim, as well as simulated wood interior trim. The engine is the same 2.5l naturally aspirated EJ251 engine found in the standard trim.
USDM GT Limited
The GT Limited is a package offered on the USDM Legacy that had the same additions as the GT trim, and added the factory all weather package. This included features like heated seats, de-icer, and mirror defrosters, but retained the same EJ251 engine.
GT VDC.
Basic spec GT twin turbo, but with VDC, (Vehicle Dynamics Control). These models were only available in Auto.
GT-B.
The GT-B is a further enhanced version of the GT Legacy Wagon, the "B" in the name referring to the Bilstein struts that the car was equipped with. The E-Tune II was introduced in 2001 as a 2002 model. Vehicles with the Bilstein shocks had a small Bilstein badge attached to the rear of the vehicle, below the "GT" badge. They featured some different interior options, larger brakes and wheels, and more.
D-Type.
The fourth revision of the third-generation Legacy, introduced during 2001, made several important but subtle changes to the front of the car. The fenders, grille, and headlights were altered slightly, making interchangeability with A-C type impossible. The headlights in the Japanese market kept using HID bulbs as in previous years, but the shape on the headlight was altered slightly. The grille was made slightly taller than the A-C models, and the shape of the bumper around the grille was altered slightly to accommodate a lower joint where the hood and bumper meet. Consistent with previous models, the HID headlights had a dashboard mounted adjustment switch that allowed the driver to re-aim the headlights to reduce glare to approaching traffic, although the switches were altered slightly internally to adjust for the increase in power needed to adjust the new style headlights. The bonnet became a lighter aluminum alloy, similar to that available on the STI's at the time. Compression and timing changed in order to further reduce the effect of loss of boost during the switch over from the primary to secondary stages. The ECU also got an upgrade, it is now tunable by the manufacturer or third party tuning workshops. Additional optional extras were offered upon purchase including but not limited to; a new body kit, head light surrounds, and 4-pot brakes - the stock wheels were designed to accommodate this upgrade. The D-Type Legacy is Subaru's best shot at the sequential twin turbo engine besides the STI revision.
Blitzen (2000–2003).
The Blitzen model was the result of a collaboration with Porsche Design, and featured many unique parts and paint schemes. The wheels, body kit, and interior were all designed by Porsche Design. It also featured an implementation of the Porsche Tiptronic automatic gearbox, the first use of sequential-shifting on a production Subaru model.
A wagon version was made available in 2001 with the EZ30 engine.
The model was refreshed in 2002 with an updated design.
The model was refreshed again in 2003 with the interior designed by Andreas Zapatinas.
Legacy Wagon Avignon Concept (2001).
It was a concept car named after an area in Southern France, based on the wagon body. It includes cobalt blue body, naturally aspirated 2.5 L engine, a unique body kit, wheels and interior accents, such as clay-colored seats and a light-colored dashboard.
The vehicle was unveiled in 2001 35th annual Tokyo Motor Show.
Legacy STi S401 version (2002).
It is a limited (400 unit target, 286 actually produced) version sedan built by STI division. It includes a twin sequential turbo 2.0L EJ208 engine and a 6-speed manual transmission.
Outback.
Based on the third generation Legacy, the Outback became its own model and the Legacy SUS remained unique to North America, and was realigned with the Outback Limited package, offering the sedan, with an optional horizontal six-cylinder engine, also optional on the wagon. This bodystyle was introduced to Japan September 1998, and was called the Lancaster for the second generation, with the six-cylinder in Japan called the Lancaster 6. The name Lancaster is used for cities in England, Australia, Canada and the United States. The USA-spec Outback was available starting in 2000. The Outback saw a competitor from Nissan in Japan only called the Nissan Avenir Blaster with a similar appearance to the Outback starting October 17, 2000.
The rear seat on the Outback sedan does not fold down, unlike previous generations where the rear seat had a 60:40 folding seat for extended length items. Rear headrests are now included as standard equipment on all trim levels. The ground clearance is . The engine now meets California's LEV emission standard.
The Outback came standard with a by SAE, 4-cylinder boxer engine, four-cylinder SOHC design with a maximum torque of () that was available at a lower RPM compared to the previous generation. The 2.5 L SOHC four-cylinder engine uses a timing belt that must be replaced around , whereas the 3.0 L six-cylinder engine uses a timing chain that doesn't require replacement under normal conditions.
The base model six-cylinder was offered as the H6-3.0 — its interior, and available options, were identical to those of the Outback "Limited", with the exception of manual transmission, which did not physically fit with the larger powerplant. Badging for all 6-cylinder Outbacks was located on the front grille as well as on the rear of the vehicle.
In a higher trim level, known as the Outback L.L. Bean in the USA, a 200 Watt McIntosh stereo system was standard from 2001 to 2003. These were some of the only vehicles ever factory-equipped with McIntosh stereo equipment. Options also included an in-dash six-disc CD changer, VDC (for Vehicle Dynamics Control), and dual moonroofs. OnStar was available as an option on the USA-spec L.L. Bean. In-dash satellite navigation was offered on Japan-spec vehicles on upper trim level wagons starting with Model Year 1998, and continued to offer a Momo black leather steering wheel with genuine wood inlay, gearshift knob and parking brake handle. Plaid upholstery was still offered on Japan-spec Lancasters.
The six-cylinder was also available as the VDC, with Subaru's VDC (Vehicle Dynamics Control) system, which integrated stability control with traction control. The system was also mated to a previously used Japanese-market AWD system, called VTD, in which power was split 45/55 front-to-rear in normal conditions. When wheel spin is detected, the system cuts power to the spinning wheel and directs power to those that aren't. Only when necessary do the brakes slow the affected wheels, when the vehicle detects excessive oversteer or understeer. This package had more sound insulation than other trims, as well as those features found on the L.L. Bean, such as McIntosh stereo, OnStar, and leather interior. Its curb weight was just slightly higher than that of the standard L.L. Bean trim, and while the VDC badging was placed on the front quarter panels only, the H6-3.0 and Outback markings were also applied as usual.
Australia.
Australian-specification vehicles differ from cars delivered in the United States by following the Japanese models; primarily headlights, side indicators (on front quarter panels), rear tail lights, front and rear bumpers and a higher placing of the "Outback" badging on the front door bodywork (as opposed to being placed on the plastic cladding).
This generation of Outback was released in an early style with gold coloured cladding, all-in-one headlights (not dissimilar to the US model headlights) and internally a light gray cloth (sometimes speckled with various colours), a light brown wood textured dashboard and a plain instrument cluster. A nudge bar (a smaller style of bullbar or roobar) was also available as an aftermarket option. The later style (2002–2004) was updated with silver cladding, an updated range of paint colours, multi-unit headlights (where headlight and indicators were in different sections of the unit) and internally a dark gray/black cloth, dark gray plastics, a very dark brown faint wood texture and metal trims on the dials of the instrument cluster.
Models available included the base "Outback", the "Outback Limited" which added a sunroof and cloth/leather seats and the "Outback H6" which included the 6-cylinder engine with VDC as described in this article. The H6 was released with slightly different 16-inch wheels and available in a single metallic pearl off-white colour instead of the usual colour with gold or silver cladding. The H6 was only available in automatic, apparently due to the size of the 6-cylinder engine taking up too much space to fit the manual box and associated dual range mechanicals.
Japan.
The Lancaster (as known in Japan) was released originally in September 1998 following the original release of the third-generation Legacy in May 1998. The Lancaster models were available originally in 2.5L engine size with the E-4AT transmission or 5-Speed Manual. In May 2000, Subaru released the Lancaster 6, featuring Subaru's reborn Flat-6 engine. This was in production from April 2000 to May 2001 when Subaru released the facelifted Legacy models included a revised Lancaster design. These changes were seen on 'Outbacks' produced in Japan, US built Outbacks did not use the facelifted design released by Subaru Japan.
The Lancaster ADA (Active Driving Assist) was introduced in September 1999. The system featured two CCD mounted cameras either side of the rear-view mirror. The system was installed on 2.5L models with VDC and then later in 2000 on the newer Lancaster 6 VDC models.
The ADA system featured 4 key safety components:
While Subaru's newly marketed EyeSight system (essentially ADA) found in the 5th generation Legacy & Outback draws media attention for 'new advanced technology', the ADA system was actually a system developed back in the late 90's along with the development of the 3rd Generation Legacy and is no means 'new technology' as such, but more a 'newly recognised' system for a more safety-conscious global market.
Baja.
Subaru developed a four-door coupé utility (pickup) version of the Outback with all-wheel-drive, known as the "Subaru Baja" "(pronounced ba-ha)". Manufactured from 2002 to 2006 and marketed for the 2003 through to 2006 model years, the Baja combined the handling and passenger carrying characteristics of a traditional passenger car with the open-bed versatility, and to a lesser degree, load capacity of a pickup truck. Subaru marketed the Baja in the United States, Canada, and Chile. 
The unibody design borrowed heavily from the existing mechanicals, platform and sheet metal of the Outback wagon. Production occurred at the Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc. factory in Lafayette, Indiana.
Specifications.
Transmissions.
The 4-speed automatic transmission had a feature where the transmission could be instructed to ignore 1st gear from a standing stop to assist driving on traction limited situations, such as ice and snow. The system was activated by moving the gearshift from the "D" position down to "2nd". The car would then start in 2nd gear, and not 1st. The transmission also splits the delivered torque 50-50 between the front and rear wheels. Once the car stopped, the transmission would start back in 2nd and not 1st, until the system was upshifted to 4th.
Japanese models with automatic transmission include a "Power/Econo" button that was previously installed on the gear selector has been relocated to the transmission surround on the right side, due to a redesign of the automatic transmission gear shift handle.
The automatic transmission also has the ability to change the shift points, and hold the gears longer when the engine is operating at higher RPM. This is achieved by pressing the accelerator pedal rapidly, which causes the transmission to hold the gear until 5000 rpm before shifting to the next gear. No indicator light appears in the instrument cluster, unlike previous generations. The transmission also has engine over-rev protection by shifting the transmission to the next available gear once 6500 rpm has been achieved, even if the gear selector is in a low gear position.
Japanese-spec vehicles with the twin turbo had a "Sportshift" manumatic transmission, that allowed the driver to push the automatic gearshift selector to the left, and then allow the driver to shift the automatic like a manual transmission. In-dash satellite navigation was offered on Japan-spec vehicles on upper trim level sedans and wagons starting with Model Year 1998, and continued to offer a Momo black leather steering wheel, gearshift knob and parking brake handle.

</doc>
<doc id="20718670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718670" title="Wildlife Act">
Wildlife Act

Wildlife Act may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20718675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718675" title="Tight Fit (album)">
Tight Fit (album)

Tight Fit is a 1982 album by the British pop group Tight Fit.
The album featured the No.1 single "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" as well as the top five hit "Fantasy Island". Tracks "Secret Heart" and "I'm Undecided" were released as singles also, but achieved less success. The album itself peaked at a low 87. Soon after the album's release, two of the members, Julie Harris and Denise Gyngell departed the group. The album was produced by Tim Friese-Greene and released on the fledgling Jive Record label.
In 1986, Samantha Fox recorded the song "Baby I'm Lost for Words" for her debut album (which was released on the same label).
This album was re-released later on the Music for Pleasure label as "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" with an added track, "High Wire" (a 1983 B-side).
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="20718718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718718" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below may be seen in a Google map.
There are 32 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20718746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718746" title="Tom Rockliff">
Tom Rockliff

Tom Rockliff (born 22 February 1990) is a current Australian rules football player for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).
In 2008 Rockliff, a medium sized, smart and creative forward, was the leading goalkicker in the TAC Cup with 59 goals and won the Murray Bushrangers' Best and Fairest award, but was overlooked in the main draft. He was, however, drafted by the Brisbane Lions with the fifth selection in the 2008 Pre-Season Draft.
2009.
He made his debut in August 2009 against Collingwood, but it was to be his only game for the year. He picked up only five possessions as Brisbane were beaten comprehensively by the Magpies at the MCG.
2010.
Rockliff forced his way back into the senior Brisbane Lions side in Round 3, 2010 where he has since featured predominantly in the midfield rotation. He received an AFL Rising Star nomination in Round 13, 2010 and finished third behind winner Daniel Hannebery and Tom Scully in the end of year voting.
2011: Club Champion.
After an incredible season with the lions who finished 15th on the ladder after only managing 4 wins and 18 losses, Rockliff ended the season averaging 27.7 disposals, 5.6 marks and 5.4 tackles per game. After such a great season managing to play 20 games total, Rockliff was rewarded by winning the club's Best and Fairest award over favourite Simon Black who also had a successful season.
2013.
Tom Rockliff had a superb year averaging 27.3 disposals and recording 30 more disposals 9 times. Rockliff also finished equal 5th in the Brownlow medal polling 21 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20718757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718757" title="Subaru Legacy (fourth generation)">
Subaru Legacy (fourth generation)

"For a complete overview of each generation, see Subaru Legacy"
The fourth generation of the Subaru Legacy was introduced in 2003 and saw a complete redesign of the Legacy on an all-new platform.
Japanese model.
On May 23, 2003, Fuji Heavy Industries debuted the fourth generation Legacy B4 Sedan and Touring Wagon for the Japanese Domestic Market. The Legacy was presented the 2003–2004 Japan Car of the Year, Subaru's first win for the award. In Japan, the Legacy was no longer regarded as a "small car" under Japanese vehicle size legislation due to its length over 4.7 meters, and width dimensions over 1.7 meters.
Starting with this generation, Subaru installed an electroluminescent instrument cluster which lights up when the engine is started, regardless if the exterior lights are on.
For the home market, the Legacy B4 and Touring Wagon were offered in 2.0i, 2.0R, 2.0GT, 2.0GT spec.B, 3.0R, and 3.0R spec.B trim levels. The base model 2.0i has SOHC version of EJ20 engine producing 140 PS, and the 2.0R comes with 190 PS DOHC engine. The turbocharged EJ20 DOHC engine installed in the 2.0GT and 2.0GT spec.B producing 280 PS. The 3.0R and 3.0R spec.B are powered by the new 250 PS 6-cylinder EZ30 engine.
To commemorate Subaru's 50 years of making automobiles, the 50th Anniversary Legacy was released in January 2004. This special edition model was based on the Legacy 2.0R, and 2.0GT.
The Legacy Blitzen of December 2004 is the special edition based on the 2.0GT B4 and Touring Wagon. These high-performance sports models came with special colour bright red, sports suspension, 18-inch alloys, unique grille, and aero-style bumpers.
Based on the Legacy 2.0GT spec.B B4 and Touring Wagon, the WR-Limited 2004 was released in July 2004, and the 2.0GT-based WR-Limited 2005 was launched in August 2005. The WR-Limited models were painted in WR Blue Mica, and came with Gold alloy wheels, front under spoiler, special blue and black seats, and special emblems.
Also added to the Japanese line-up in August 2005 was the Legacy 2.0GT spec.B tuned by STI. This sports model has Bilstein suspension, 6-speed manual, STI genome exhaust, Brembo brakes (4-piston front, 2-piston rear) and 18-inch alloy wheels by STI.
Facelift model.
The Japanese Legacy received a cosmetic update in May 2006; Notable changes included new bumpers, headlights, front fenders, grille, and rear combination lamps. This facelift trickled down to export models in 2007, and the American market's 2008 model year.
Although model grades remained largely unchanged, the number of option packages available for certain grades reduced. The base model 2.0i Touring Wagon could also be ordered as the Casual Selection model. Urban Selection models were added to the 2.0R, 2.0GT, and 2.0GT SI-Cruise. The 2.0R was also offered as B-Sports Limited version.
EyeSight (2008–09).
On 2008-05-08, Subaru announced the EyeSight models for Japanese market. It consists of 2 cameras with one on each side of the rear-view mirror, that use human like stereoscopic vision to judge distances and generally keep tabs on the driver. The system can help you keep your distance on the highway, a lane departure warning system, a wake up call should everyone pull away from the lights but you, and even keeps an eye out for pedestrians. SI-Cruise has been integrated into the EyeSight feature as a driver safety aid.
EyeSight models were available for Touring Wagon 2.0GT and 3.0R, B4 3.0R, Outback 3.0R. All EyeSight models include Sportshift E-5AT transmission.
STI S402 (DBA-BL9/DBA-BP9) (2008–2009).
The Legacy STI S402 is a limited edition (402 units) high-performance series for the Japanese market. It includes a 2.5L twin scroll turbo engine rated at 5600 rpm and at 2000–4800 rpm, Bilstein shocks, 18x8-inch BBS forged wheels (from S203, S204) with Potenza RE050A 235/40R18 91W tires, Brembo 6-piston front and 2-piston rear brake calipers (from Subaru Impreza type RA-R), Vehicle Dynamic Control stability control. A special serial number plate is added to the center console and engine bay VIN plate.
Variable valve timing was added. ECU was updated to improve acceleration.
S402 was available in sedan and wagon bodies.
American model.
Subaru of America commencing production of the Legacy BL and BP in January 2004 for the United States and Canadian markets.
Lance Armstrong was used as a spokesman for both the sedan and wagon, and Sheryl Crow sang her 1996 hit "Everyday Is a Winding Road" in USA market commercials.
It marked the return of a turbocharged engine to North American Legacy, featuring a 2.5-liter unit derived from that of the North American Impreza WRX STI. Due to advancements in turbocharger technology and tightening emission standards, the twin-turbo setup was dropped from the lineup. Turbocharged models and the H6 offered Subaru's first 5-speed automatic transmission, featuring SportShift technology licensed from Prodrive, Ltd.
The 2005 model year Legacy for the US market was offered in 2.5i, 2.5i Limited, 2.5GT, and 2.5GT Limited. All trim levels were available as Sedan and Wagon. The wagon body shared the roof sheet metal with the Outback model that had raised metal "humps" under the roof rails, unlike the Japanese and European wagons that had a sleeker roof. Another difference from other overseas markets, was that both sedan and wagon had longer front and rear bumpers, designed to meet the Canadian 5-mph bumper specification.
For 2006, the regular GT was dropped, and the 2.5i Special Edition was added into the line up. Manual transmission is also discontinued in station wagon body. Priced between the base and the Limited models, the 2.5i Special Edition came with power moonroof and power driver seat, while the 2.5i Limited also came with leather interior, power front passenger seat, and climate control automatic air condition.
The high-performance Subaru Legacy 2.5GT spec.B arrived as 500 units limited edition model for 2006 model year in America, and became a regular model for the next following years. It has Bilstein shock absorbers and 18-inch alloy wheels for better handling, Vehicle Dynamics Control, and from 2007, 6-speed manual gearbox and the "Subaru Intelligent Drive" (SI-Drive) with three modes: Intelligent, Sport, and Sport Sharp. The 2.5GT spec.B model is only available in the sedan body and not the station wagon body.
For the 2008 model year, the Legacy sedan received facelift with new bumpers, front fenders, tail lights, and alloy wheels. By this time the Legacy wagon and Outback sedan were discontinued in the United States, leaving the Legacy sedan and Outback wagon. The Legacy wagon was not discontinued in Canada. 2008 also brought the 3.0 L flat-6 engine to the North American Legacy sedan in the 3.0R Limited trim level. The flat-6 has been available in the Outback sedan wagon since 2000. For 2008, the 2.5i USA model has been certified PZEV emissions, and a badge has been attached to the rear of the vehicle on the bottom right hand side of the trunklid or tailgate. All other models are certified LEV2. The PZEV Legacy is available for sale in all 50 states, unlike other manufacturers who only sell PZEV certified vehicles in states that have adopted California emission standards.
European Model.
Ecomatic Autogas Hybrid (2007–).
The Ecomatic Autogas Hybrid is a version of the Legacy with the 2.0R or 2.5i engine that can run on LPG for German market.
Diesel (2008–).
The Subaru EE flat-4 diesel engine is offered in both the Legacy and Outback sedans and wagons, identified as the Subaru Legacy 2.0D; the vehicle was released in the EU starting March 2008. The vehicle is offered with a 5-speed manual transmission only.
The official introduction of the Legacy and Outback diesel was at the Geneva AutoShow in March, 2008.
According to the Subaru Insiders on-line newsletter dated March 2008, Subaru is "currently making modifications to the diesel so it meets the more stringent U.S. standards. Subaru diesel models should be domestically available in two to three years."
Australian Model.
The Liberty BL and BP were offered in Australia from 2004. Initially the model grades were 2.0i, 2.5i, 2.0GT, 3.0R, and 3.0R spec.B.
The 2.5i could also be ordered with Luxury Pack (in-dash CD Player, leather interior, power driver's seat, sunroof), Safety Pack (dual front side and curtain airbags), or Premium Pack which is the combination of Luxury and Safety Packs. Premium Pack was also offered for the GT. In 2006 the Liberty 2.0i became 2.0R, and the 3.0R spec.B was also available as Blitzen model with sport grill and aero bumpers. For 2007 model year the Liberty GT and new GT spec.B received bigger 2.5-liter turbocharged engine.
Outback.
October 22, 2003, with the debut of the third-generation Legacy at the 60th Frankfurt Auto Show, the Outback name is now being used in all markets with the launch of the third-generation Outback wagon, in order to rationalize the name Outback, which prior to then had only been used in export markets. Models equipped with a 3.0 L H6 were introduced at the 2004 Chicago Auto Show. The ground clearance is .
The Outback carries the same model codes as the Legacy Wagon, BP9 for the 2.5 liter, and BPE for the 3.0-liter model. The highest trim level offered in the USA is the Outback L.L. Bean that offers optional equipment as standard, including wood and leather steering wheel, an auxiliary port on the stereo for MP3 player compatibility, perforated leather seats, GPS navigation, double sized, one piece, glass moonroof and the H6. Starting with this generation, the interior retractable rear cargo cover has a separate storage compartment in the spare tire storage area so that the cargo cover can be removed for large items but stored inside the vehicle and out of the way.
A new Outback variant for 2005+ is the Outback XT. This model comes with Subaru's turbocharged 2.5L 4-cylinder engine found in the Impreza WRX model. This engine produces , which is much higher than the naturally aspirated 2.5L producing . The XT model can be equipped with any of the 3 standard transmissions: 4-speed Auto-SportShift, 5-speed Auto-SportShift, or 5-speed manual.
In July 2008, Subaru ceased offering a special edition L.L. Bean trim level on the Outback.
Subaru beefed up their AWD 4EAT transmission's design and released the 5EAT w/ SportShift in 2005
The Outback received styling revisions for the 2008 model year, notably an enlarged, chrome-ringed grille.
As of the 2008 model year, the Legacy wagon and Outback sedan were discontinued in the United States, leaving the Legacy sedan and Outback wagon.
The JDM and EU diesel model has a "Start/Stop" button (in the top-of-the-line-model), found in Lexus, Infiniti, Audi and other high end makers.
For 2008, the 2.5i USA model has been certified PZEV emissions, and a badge has been attached to the rear of the vehicle on the bottom right hand side of the tailgate. All other models are certified LEV2. The PZEV Outback is available for sale in all 50 states, unlike other manufacturers who only sell PZEV certified vehicles in states that have adopted California emission standards.
In 2007, the Outback (along with the Ford Mondeo) won "Top Gear"'s "Car of the Year" award.
EyeSight.
Starting May 2008, the Japanese-spec Legacy could be fitted with a new safety feature called EyeSight. It consists of two cameras, one on each side of the rear-view mirror, that use human-like stereoscopic vision to judge distances and generally keep tabs on the driver. The system helps maintain a safe distance on the highway, warns the driver during unintended lane departure, emits a wake up call should everyone else pull away from the traffic lights, and keeps an eye out for pedestrians. SI-Cruise has been integrated into the EyeSight feature as a driver safety aid.
Diesel.
The Subaru EE series flat-4 diesel engine is offered in both Legacy and Outback models in Europe exclusively. Identified as the Subaru Outback 2.0D, the vehicle was released March 2008. The vehicle is offered with a 6-speed manual transmission only. The official introduction of the Legacy and Outback diesel was at the Geneva Motor Show in March, 2008.
According to the Subaru Owners on-line newsletter dated March 2008, Subaru is "currently making modifications to the diesel so it meets the more stringent U.S. standards. Subaru diesel models should be domestically available in two to three years."
Liberty GT tuned by STi (2006 & 2008).
In 2006, Subaru released the 300 units limited edition Liberty GT tuned by STi based on the 2.0GT Sedan and Wagon.
The facelift versions of 250 units were released for 2008 model year and powered by the 2.5-liter turbo engine. The modified EJ255 engine is rated at 6000 rpm and at 2800 rpm. It includes Bilstein shocks, rear suspension kit with partial ball bearing-jointed bushes, lower springs, Brembo brakes (4-piston front, 2-piston rear) with stainless steel mesh-type brake hose, 18-inch ENKEI wheels ( lighter over stock), front and rear STI spoilers, leather and alcantara front seats, 8-way power driver seat with memory settings.
Specifications.
Engines.
The normally aspirated engines were revised for increased power and torque.
Transmissions.
MY07-MY09 (both spec.B and non-spec.B) models include Subaru Intelligent Drive (SI-DRIVE), which includes 3 vehicle performance modes with unique settings for engine control unit (ECU)/ Transmission control unit (TCU).

</doc>
<doc id="20718760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718760" title="Euxine abyssal plain">
Euxine abyssal plain

The Euxine abyssal plain is a physiographic province of the Black Sea, an abyssal plain in its central parts. Its name comes from the Ancient Greek name "Euxeinos Pontos" () of the Black Sea.
It represents 12.2% of the Black Sea area with a very gentle gradient of 1:1,000. A small part of the abyssal plain is split off by the Danubian fan, a relict alluvial fan of sediment.
Its depth ranges between 2,000 and 2,200 m, with a maximum depth of 2,212 m south of Yalta on the Crimean Peninsula. 

</doc>
<doc id="20718776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718776" title="Minuscule 31">
Minuscule 31

Minuscule 31 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 375 (Von Soden), formerly it was known as "Colbertinus 6063". It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum and paper. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 13th century. It has marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 188 paper leaves (). The texts of Luke 3:38-4:19; 5:39-6:33 were supplied by a later hand. The manuscript is ornamented.
The text is written in one column per page, 25 lines per page, with wide margins (size of column 13.2 by 9.2 cm). The titles are in colour. The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages.
It contains tables of the ("tables of contents") before Gospel of Mark, Gospel of Luke, and Gospel of John but added by a later hand, prayers, and pictures. The text of the codex was many times corrected.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex Kurt Aland did not place in any Category. According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
It has many erasures and corrections.
History.
The manuscript was used by John Mill (as Colbertinus 4 after Matthew). It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by J. J. Wettstein. It was examined and described by Scholz and it was examined by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 94) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20718801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718801" title="Taqramiut Nipingat">
Taqramiut Nipingat

Taqramiut Nipingat is a Canadian radio network, which broadcasts community radio programming in Inuktitut to 14 communities in the Nunavik region of Quebec.
The network operates from offices in Montreal and Salluit, with smaller production offices in Kuujjuaq and Puvirnituq.

</doc>
<doc id="20718802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718802" title="SIMION">
SIMION

SIMION is an ion optics simulation program that calculates electric fields for electrodes of defined voltages and ion trajectories in those fields.
The program was developed in the late 1970s by Don C. McGilvery at Latrobe University, Melbourne, Australia and was adapted to personal computers in 1985 by David A. Dahl at the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory. SIMION 8.0 was initially released in 2006. The current version is SIMION 8.1, released in August 2011; minor updates are being released continuously.
SIMION 3D is a widely used ion-optics simulation program in many branches of physics. In SIMION, electrostatic fields can be modelled as boundary value problem solutions of an elliptical partial differential equation called the Laplace equation. The specific method used within SIMION to solve this equation is a finite difference method called over-relaxation. This technique is applied to a three-dimensional potential array (PA) of points representing electrode and non-electrode regions. The objective is to obtain a best estimate of the voltages for the points between the electrodes. The three-dimensional array is chosen to have either cylindrical or planar symmetry or no symmetry at all. The Laplace equation has the convenient property that its solution is a sum over the contribution from each electrode. Therefore, after the electric field array has been found once by iteration, the voltages of the individual electrodes can be changed and the new fields are immediately obtained.
When the electric fields have been obtained, the trajectories of charged particles in these fields can be calculated. Particle trajectory calculations are a result of three interdependent computations. First electrostatic forces must be calculated at the current position of the ion. These forces are then used to compute the current ion acceleration and then by numerical integration techniques to predict the position and velocity of the ion at the next time step. Moreover, the time step itself is continuously adjusted to maximize trajectory accuracy. A standard fourth-order Runge–Kutta method is used for numerical integration of the ion trajectory in three dimensions.

</doc>
<doc id="20718804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718804" title="Wildlife Act 1953">
Wildlife Act 1953

Wildlife Act 1953 is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20718819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718819" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Clinton County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clinton County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Clinton County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Clinton County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 10 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20718827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718827" title="Lars Vikør">
Lars Vikør

Lars Sigurdsson Vikør (born 30 April 1946) is a Norwegian linguist, translator and educator.
Biography.
Lars Vikør is a graduate of the University of Oslo and the University of Leiden. He is a professor of Scandinavian languages and linguistics and specialist in Nynorsk lexicography at the University of Oslo. He is the main editor of the Norwegian Dictionary ("Norsk Ordbok"). He has also engaged in the National Association for Language Collection ("Landslaget for språklig samling").
Vikør has written books and articles on sociolinguistics, language politics, and modern language history, notably "The New Norse Language Movement". He has devoted himself for Samnorsk—towards language equality between Norway's two competing written language forms, Nynorsk and Bokmål, and has been a representative of the Norwegian Language Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20718829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718829" title="Charles Augustus Kincaid">
Charles Augustus Kincaid

C.A. Kincaid (1870–1954) has co-authored with Dattatray Balwant Parasnis, the "History of the Maratha People" in three volumes. He was a high court judge in colonial India and a prolific author.
His son, Dennis Kincaid, was also a civil servant, author of two novels and the historical study "British Social Life in India, 1608–1937".

</doc>
<doc id="20718871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718871" title="Jason Gavin (writer)">
Jason Gavin (writer)

Jason Gavin is a television writer. He has worked on the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights" as a writer. He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America (WGA) Award for Best Dramatic Series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season of "Friday Night Lights". He was nominated for the WGA Award for Best Drama Series for a second consecutive year at the February 2010 ceremony for his work on the fourth season.

</doc>
<doc id="20718924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718924" title="The Botswana Gazette">
The Botswana Gazette

The Botswana Gazette is an English language newspaper published in Gaborone, Botswana.

</doc>
<doc id="20718935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718935" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1941–1946">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1941–1946

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 13 December 1941 election and the 23 November 1946 election. The term was elongated due to World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20718943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718943" title="The Gods and Demons of Zu Mountain">
The Gods and Demons of Zu Mountain

The God and the Demons of Zu Mountain is a Hong Kong television series. It was first run on TVB in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20718953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718953" title="Minuscule 32">
Minuscule 32

Minuscule 32 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 296 (Von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum, on 244 leaves (). Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. Formerly it was Colbertinus 6511.
The manuscript is lacunose, marginalia are incomplete.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels with three lacunae. The text begins in Matthew 10:22, and lacks in Matthew 24:15-30 and Luke 22:35-John 4:20. Some other parts were supplied on paper. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page (size of text ).
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark 233 sections, the last section in 16:8). There is no references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains prolegomena and tables of the κεφαλαια before each Gospel. 
Lectionary markings – for liturgical use – were added at the margin by a later hand.
John 5:3.4 is marked by an obelus as doubtful, Pericope de Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is omitted.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden listed it to the "Antiocheian" – i.e. Byzantine – commentated group. Aland placed it in Category V. According to the Claremont Profile Method it belongs to the 1519 group, and creates a pair with 269.
History.
The manuscript was examined and described by John Mill (as Colbertinus 5), Scholz and Paulin Martin.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by J. J. Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 116) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20718964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718964" title="Drift and Mastery">
Drift and Mastery

Drift and Mastery: An Attempt to Diagnose the Current Unrest is the second book by American journalist and political thinker Walter Lippmann. Published in the Fall of 1914, "Drift and Mastery" argues that rational scientific governing can overcome forces of societal drift. Lippmann argued that due to the profound social and economic change old ideas and institutions lacked relevance. Specifically, "Drift and Mastery" warns against a reliance on broad theories and the framework of competition and self-interest. Democracy and society at large, he argued, was unable to address problems because it was adrift, lacking intentionality and discipline. Lippmann's prescription in "Drift and Mastery" was deliberate and scientific governing, what he termed mastery. This forward-looking progressive vision sought a better society through rational, scientific order, while rejecting Marxist, Utopian and traditionalist thinking. "Drift and Mastery" received enormously positive reviews, establishing Lippmann as an important public intellectual and figure within the progressive movement. Although Lippmann later lost faith in the promise of science and rationality in government, "Drift and Mastery" was and is regarded as an important document of the progressive movement.
Summary.
Part One.
The Themes of Muckraking
Lippmann examines the trend of muckraking journalism as emblematic of the underlying social conditions in America. Lippmann argues the increasing scope of government and integration of society led to the proliferation of muckraking. According to Lippmann, corruption had always existed in politics, but social change and the expansion of government made it relevant and scandalous. He argues muckraking is therefore neither "progressive or reactionary", but simply a manifestation of the bewilderment of society at evolving social and economic arrangements.
New Incentives
Lippmann argues against commercial competition as the best incentive for industry. Opposing systematic anti-trust policies, he believes well-managed trusts can increase cooperation while minimizing waste. Lippmann advocates scientific experimentation to find the most efficient mode of business. Increased power for labor and the consumer he argues will lead to a new system of incentives. Lippmann also notes the development of school of business administration may encourage a scientific ethic to replace businesses' reliance on competition.
The Magic of Property
Lippmann asserts that old definitions of property are outmoded by the advanced of industrial capitalism, especially stock ownership in corporations. As a solution he proposes government ownership of some industry (steel, oil, coal, etc.) combined with the application of managerial skill. Lippmann further challenges the view that private ownership and especially stock ownership leads to efficiency. Citing the construction of the Panama Canal, he argues government can work efficiently when given the means.
Caveat Emptor
Lippmann addresses the concerns of consumers as part of the new economic order. He argues that because of lack of information and the misinformation of advertising current patterns of consumption were inefficient. Lippmann sees several ways of correcting this problem. According to Lippmann, centralization and conglomeration of business will create greater accountability to consumers by focusing their attention. Politically, Lippmann argues that voting rights for women, the primary household consumer, will increase the importance of the consumer in the political realm. Lippmann speculates that consumers are, "destined to be stronger than the interests either of labor or of capital."
A Key to the Labor Movement
Lippmann argues that labor unions form a necessary safeguard against tyrannical capitalism and bring to democracy to industry. As Lippmann states, "Without unions industrial democracy is unthinkable. Without democracy in industry, that is where it counts most, there is no such thing as democracy in America." Lippmann goes on to criticize radical unions such as the IWW, arguing they do not value tangible gains for their members.
The Funds of Progress
Lippmann addresses the question of how increased social programs can be paid for. He argues there is a social surplus that can be created by increasing efficiency using management and science. Lippmann argues that business when forced to account for the interest of the worker, the consumer and the government will refrain from "reducing wages or raising prices" and will instead focus on industrial efficiency. Science and management, he argues, will allow business to find the "funds of progress" by reducing waste, increasing cooperation and simply being industrially efficient.
A Nation of "Villagers"
Lippmann begins by examining the hostility to trusts. He argues that much hostility can be attributed not to trusts unethical actions, but to their relative newness. In this vein Lippmann criticizes politicians who appeal to a sense of outrage in trusts and new economic arrangements. He specifically mentions both William Jennings Bryan and Woodrow Wilson, who he believes falsely idealize the small-scale agrarian past. Lippmann states this view quite succinctly at the end of the chapter writing, 
Those who cling to the village view of life may deflect the drift, may batter the trusts around a bit, but they will never dominate business, never humanize its machinery, and they will continue to be playthings of industrial change. At the bottom the issue is between those who are willing to enter upon effort for which there is no precedent, and those who aren't.
Part Two.
A Big World and Little Men
In this chapter Lippmann contrasts the complexity of societal problems with simplistic institutions. He argues just as a city dweller is unaccustomed to dealing with the countryside, our institutions are unable to deal with the "big" modern world. Lippmann therefore asserts institutions should, and in democracies already have, adapt themselves to these changed conditions. More personally, Lippmann claims this "big world" causes individual turmoil as, "Those changes distract him so deeply that the more "advanced" he is, the more he flounders in the bogs of his own soul."
Drift
Lippmann begins by asserting that Wilson's New Freedom is flawed because it assumed an older form of democracy can be retrieved. This looking backwards for a golden age is fruitless and is essentially childish according to Lippmann. On similar grounds Lippmann goes on to criticize Marxian socialists who he sees as unrealistic in their assumptions. Lippmann ends by defining the challenge of "Drift." He calls "Drift" a "spiritual problem," which is caused by the combination of social/economic change and the freedom from the old order.
The Rock of Ages
In this chapter Lippmann criticizes the dogmatic clinging to tradition and further outlines the challenge of modern social and economic arrangements. Lippmann goes on to examine immigration and uses the metaphor of immigration to describe all people are immigrants in the rapidly changing modern world.
Part Three.
A Note on the Women's Movement
Lippmann cites the women's movement as a perfect example of how the "rock of ages" has given way to a modern dilemma where freedom must be exercised rationally. Women's rights he argues, are necessary simply because society has already moved past demarcated "spheres." He emphasizes the movement towards women's rights and rationality in housework and child rearing will be especially dramatic because women have heretofore been irrational and conservative in their actions. Noticeably, Lippmann is not completely on board with a feminist agenda. He states plainly that female participation in the labor force is a societal ill that will hopefully come to an end.
Bogeys
Lippmann examines how, especially in an increasingly complex world, fear prevents society from addressing problems rationally. He argues that removing everyday concerns and fears will lead to greater rationality and boldness on the part of citizens. Invoking Freud, he argues that constructed fears unconsciously hold people and society back from achievement.
Poverty, Chastity, Obedience
Lippmann argues poverty, chastity and obedience are a more primitive and brutal means of controlling a society, compared with self-government. Notably, he argues that, "To create a minimum standard of life below which no human being can fall is the most elementary duty of the democratic state." Lippmann extends the implications of this argument asserting that those afflicted by poverty are "unfit for self-government." Similarly, Lippmann advocating moving beyond valuing chastity. Instead he argues, "Our interest in sex is no longer to annihilate it, but to educate it, to find civilized opportunities for its expression." Summing up this line of argument, Lippmann asserts old virtues sought to restrain citizens whereas true democratic virtues should provide people with a rich life where they deal with life in all its complexity.
Mastery
Lippmann begins this chapter by citing the example of a primitive tribe who had traditionally chopped down trees with the ineffective method of straight cuts. When the more effective "western" method of using V-shaped cuts was introduced, Lippmann relates, the tribe insisted on the less effective method for the sake of tradition. Lippmann argues current society clinging to traditional methods and economic approach to are as irrational as tribesmen refusing to make V-shaped cuts. Lippmann goes on to define the scientific and rational application of new methods and approaches as "mastery". Notably, he argues science is inextricably linked to democracy, that "The scientific spirit is the discipline of democracy."
Modern Communion
Lippmann begins examining the individual implications of his societal framework. He argues that science, unlike socialism, provides a means for collective cooperation for the betterment of society. Science, according to Lippmann, allows people worldwide to approach problems within the same framework and come to similar conclusions. Spelling out his pragmatic understanding Lippmann argues science, "distinguishes between fact and fancy, and works always with the implied resolution to make the best out of what is possible."
Fact and Fancy
In his final chapter, Lippmann fully takes on the impact of science. He notes that science may seem ill-suited to social concerns and generally impersonal. Lippmann differentiates the scientific viewpoint from a complete rejection of tradition. He argues that past, because of its variety of ways of life and societies, can be a source of inspiration. Instead of an "abrupt break with the accumulated wisdom of the past," Lippmann favors taking what is rational and useful from tradition. Lippmann concludes by affirming the power of science to encompass the full range of human experience and materially improve upon it. He argues that science is the means to make "reality bend to our purposes."
Themes.
Social Change.
Lippmann grounds his argument in the supposition that the world had changed radically. Lippmann draws a steep distinction between the modern world, and the world in which traditions and institutions were created. He asserts the modern world is, "brain-splitting in its complexity," to the point where no individual or institution can understand it. Therefore, he argues, institutions and ideas must evolve to keep pace with these changes. This sentiment is perhaps best encapsulated by the noted quotation from Chapter 10 "The Rock of Ages",
We are all of us immigrants in the industrial world, and we have no authority to lean upon. We are an uprooted people, newly arrived, and "nouveau riche". As a nation we have all the vulgarity that goes with that, all the scattering of soul. The modern man is not yet settled in this world. It is big. The evidence is everywhere: the amusements of the city; the jokes that pass for jokes; the blare that stands for beauty, the folklore of Broadway, the feeble and apologetic pulpits, the cruel standards of success, raucous purity. We make love to ragtime and we die to it. We are blown hither and thither like litter before the wind. Our days are lumps of experience.
Lippmann therefore sees attempts to restore first principles or traditional values as both quixotic and counterproductive. Lippmann saw a new world in the twentieth century that required new means of control and improvement.
Science and Management.
Lippmann relies heavily on the ability of the scientific method to reform and improve society. "Drift and Mastery" continually proposes science as both a means of improving society and an alternative to dogma and outmoded means to governing.
Lippmann associates science with democracy, writing "It is self-government."
Within the shared discipline of science Lippmann sees hope for a cosmopolitan society. Scientific innovations and ideas that hold a common language and legitimacy that appeal strongly to Lippmann
Lippmann's reform prescriptions often involve improving management and efficiency of bureaucratic institutions. Specifically, he believes introducing the scientific method and a professional ethic to business holds tremendous promise. Looking to the beginnings of schools of business administration, Lippmann asserts planning and rational management holds the key to the promise of democracy and modern society.
Criticism of Private Property and Profit Motives.
Lippmann opposes the universality and ideas of the sanctity of private property. Economically, he argues repeatedly against schemes of competition and free markets. Competitive capitalism to Lippmann is inefficient and wasteful, an outdated system in the modern world. Although he opposes Marxism, he frequently voices support of increased economic cooperation and central control. For Lippmann, the trend towards conglomeration and trusts is a rational and scientific step towards greater efficiency. Where private excess in trusts failed, he asserts that management and government control of "large-scale" industries can yield huge gains for society.
Reaction.
Upon its publishing, "Drift and Mastery" received enthusiastic reviews. The New York Times called it "a brilliant production, both in style and content." Leaders of the progressive movement hailed Drift and Mastery both for its content and literary style. Theodore Roosevelt, who had met and consulted with Lippmann during the writing, said that "No man who wishes seriously to study our present social, industrial and political life can afford not to read it through and through and ponder and digest it." Similarly effusive praise came from Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. who said that the book was "devilishly well-written . . . altogether a delightful fresh piece of writing and thinking."
Outside the community of progressives and reformers, reactions to Drift and Mastery were more mixed. The religious community criticized Lippmann's rejection of traditional values and dismissal of contemporary religion. These religious commentators specifically criticized both Lippmann's implicit break with religious teachings and his self-assured tone. A small minority of reviewers criticized Lippmann for his reliance on the power of science, accusing him of a dogmatic adherence to experts over "the people." Common to these criticisms was a sense that Lippmann was premature in pronouncing the death of old institutions and ideas. Although Lippmann had captured the feeling of dynamism in the reform movement of his time, many arguably severely underestimated the durability of the old order.
References.
Bibliography
Full Text of "Drift and Mastery"

</doc>
<doc id="20719017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719017" title="Chip Glass">
Chip Glass

David Jason "Chip" Glass (born June 24, 1971 in Ukiah, California or Golden, Colorado) is a former baseball outfielder who is most notable for winning the 1994 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a senior at University of Oklahoma.
In 1993 with Oklahoma, he hit .323 with 23 stolen bases. In 1994 with them, he hit .339 with 27 stolen bases.
Glass was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 37th round of the 1994 draft and played professionally until 2000, however he never reached the big leagues.
He began his professional career with the Watertown Indians, hitting .308 with two home runs in 237 at-bats. In 1995, he played for the Columbus Red Stixx, hitting .289 with 37 stolen bases in 115 games. With the Kinston Indians in 1996, he hit .267 with five home runs and 11 stolen bases in 479 at-bats. In 1997, he played for the Akron Aeros, hitting .259 with five home runs and 16 stolen bases in 113 games.
He played in the New York Yankees organization in 1998 and 1999. In 128 games in 1998, he hit .280 with four home runs and 15 stolen bases, splitting time between the Norwich Navigators and Columbus Clippers. He again split the 1999 season between those two teams, hitting .261 with eight home runs and 10 stolen bases in 118 games.
Glass ended his professional career with the Newark Bears in 2000, hitting .267 in 86 at-bats with them.

</doc>
<doc id="20719067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719067" title="Darko Tešović">
Darko Tešović

Club career.
Tešović played for FK Radnički Beograd, FK Partizan and FK Budućnost Banatski Dvor in the Serbian Superliga. He had a spell in the Greek Super League with Ethnikos Asteras F.C.
His brother Zoran Tešović appeared in a friendly for Partizan.

</doc>
<doc id="20719072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719072" title="Ice cloud">
Ice cloud

The term ice cloud has been used to describe clouds of carbon dioxide on Mars.
Clouds on Earth can contain ice particles.

</doc>
<doc id="20719119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719119" title="Dattatray Balwant Parasnis">
Dattatray Balwant Parasnis

Dattatray Balwant Parasnis (Devanagari: दत्तात्रय बळवंत पारसनीस; 1870–1926) was a historian from Maharashtra, India, who lived during the British Raj days.
He authored many books about Indian history. Together with Charles Augustus Kincaid, he coauthored in three volumes "History of the Maratha People".
The British government in India had conferred on him the title "Rao Bahadur" in honor of his scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="20719145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719145" title="Exhausted combination doctrine">
Exhausted combination doctrine

The exhausted combination doctrine, also referred to as the doctrine of the Lincoln Engineering case, is the doctrine of U.S. patent law that when an inventor invents a new, unobvious device and seeks to patent not merely the new device but also the combination of the new device with a known, conventional device with which the new device cooperates in the conventional and predictable way in which devices of those types have previously cooperated, the combination is unpatentable as an "exhausted combination" or "old combination". The doctrine is also termed the doctrine of the "Lincoln Engineering" case because the United States Supreme Court explained the doctrine in its decision in "Lincoln Engineering Co. v. Stewart-Warner Corp."
The "Lincoln Engineering" decision.
In "Lincoln Engineering", the inventor invented a new and improved coupling device to attach a nozzle to a grease gun. The patent, however, claimed the whole combination of grease gun, nozzle, and coupling. The Supreme Court stated that "the improvement of one part of an old combination gives no right to claim that improvement in combination with other old parts which perform no new function in the combination". It then concluded that the inventor's "effort, by the use of a combination claim, to extend the monopoly of his invention of an improved form of chuck or coupler to old parts or elements having no new function when operated in connection with the coupler renders the claim void." 
This way of claiming an invention was termed “overclaiming,” because it inflated the royalty base for licensing and potentially effectuated a tie-in by means of which the patentee required users, for example, to purchase not only the couplings but the whole grease gun as well in order to use the invention.
Is the "Lincoln Engineering" doctrine obsolete?
The Federal Circuit held in 1984 that this doctrine is outdated and no longer reflects the law. In effect, the Federal Circuit overruled the Supreme Court on this point — or claimed that the passage of the 1952 patent recodification law had done so. 
In its decision in "Quanta Computer, Inc. v. LG Electronics, Inc.", however, the Supreme Court seems to have assumed without any discussion that its old precedents such as "Lincoln Engineering" (uncited in the "Quanta" opinion) are still in force, as least with regard to the exhaustion doctrine. In "Quanta", the Court considered the sale of a patented microprocessor to "exhaust" not only the patent on the microprocessor but the patent on a conventional personal computer (PC) containing the microprocessor, since the PC patent had essentially the same inventive concept (or departure from the prior art) as the microprocessor patent.
After 1984 it appeared that it was possible to obtain patents on old combinations, for example not only a new motor but also an otherwise conventional disc drive containing the new motor. It has also been held that the sale of the motor, in such a case, does not exhaust the patent on the disc drive containing the new motor. Hence, a purchaser of the motor who incorporated it into a disk drive would infringe the disk drive patent. It is now uncertain whether such patents are valid. In any event, the "Quanta" decision appears to hold that the exhaustion doctrine shields from infringement liability the foregoing motor purchaser that incorporates the motor into a disk drive.
Exhausted combinations and nonstatutory subject matter.
Claiming a computer-related advance as an exhausted combination may provide a way to prevent the claimed advance from being classified as nonstatutory subject matter under section 101 of the US patent law. Placing a process that fails the machine-or-transformation test in a machine environment may overcome the absence of implementation by a specific machine, as required by In re Bilski and the Supreme Court decisions on which it is based. (The successfulness of this expedient depends on acceptance of the Federal Circuit's abolition of the exhausted combination doctrine.)
For example, the form of the processes claimed in "Diamond v. Diehr", "Parker v. Flook", and "Gottschalk v. Benson" may appropriately be compared. In "Diehr", the claim is to “a method of operating a rubber-molding press” and the claim contains at least minimal references to the press and other apparatus. In "Flook", the claim is to a "method for updating the value of at least one alarm limit," where an “’alarm limit’ is a number.” The claim does not say anything about a reaction vessel or even temperature measuring devices. In "Benson", the claim is to “a data processing method for converting binary coded decimal number representations into binary number representations.” One claim mentions a reentrant shift register and the other claim mentions no apparatus at all. In "Flook", the claim could have instead been to “a method of operating a hydrocracking plant wherein hydrocarbon feedstock is placed into a chemical reactor, heat is applied, etc.” The claim, although to an exhausted combination, would have required apparatus as did that in the "Diehr" case. Similarly, the claim in "Benson" could have been to a method of operating a telephone switch box or perhaps even a method of providing binary-coded-decimal numerical signals to a binary-coded operating device. Again, by providing a mechanical environment, even though it was an exhausted combination, the claims drafter might have avoided the holding of nonstatutory subject matter. It is possible that careful claims drafting techniques will succeed in elevating form over substance, to avoid the impact of the machine-or-transformation test.

</doc>
<doc id="20719170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719170" title="Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History">
Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History

The Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (SACON) is a national centre for information, education and research in ornithology and natural history in India. It was inspired by and named in honour of Salim Ali, the leading pioneer of ornithology in India. It is an autonomous organisation established in 1990 and registered under the Indian Societies Registration Act. Its headquarters are at Anaikatti, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. SACON is associated with the Ministry of Environment and Forests
SACOC's mission is:
Objectives.
The core objectives of SACON, to which all work of the organisation are directed, are:
Organisation.
SACON policy is determined by a 16 member Governing Council. Its chairman is the Secretary/Additional Secretary to the Government of India, Ministry of Environment and Forests. The SACON Society has 90 members and advises the Governing Council. Its President is the Honourable Minister for Environment and Forests, Government of India. Administration of SACON is overseen by a 16 member Governing Council and implemented by the Director Incharge
The administrative section has a Senior finance officer, Junior administrative manager, Personal 
assistant to the Director, Administrative assistant, Accounts assistant, Office assistant, Stenographer 
and Receptionist, two Drivers and an Office attendant.
Infrastructure.
SACON’s main campus is at Anaikatty, northwest of Coimbatore, near the trijunction of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka at the foothills of the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve. It offers multiple opportunities for long-term studies on various aspects of avifauna and the biological principles and phenomena involved in the maintenance of fragile eco-systems. 
Its of land is built up with around of buildings for housing offices, laboratory, library, common facilities and a student hostel. The unique round buildings of the campus were designed by Mr. Laurie Baker (1917–2007), a world-renowned eco-friendly architect. and was dedicated on 11 February 2000.
SACON also operates seven field research stations at: Port Blair, Mayabunder, (Andaman and Nicobar Islands); Singtam (Sikkim); Bharatpur (Rajasthan); Hyderabad (Andhra Pradesh); Upper Bhavani (The Nilgiris); Kukkal (Kodaikannal in TN) and Silent Valley National Park (Kerala).
The SACON laboratory is equipped with advanced scientific equipment to support their research and educational programmes. It is probably the best in the country for ecotoxicological studies of birds and wildlife and includes the following: 
The 2-story library building can accommodate around 50 people. Total holding of the library is 2813 Books, 2381 back volumes of periodicals, 75 Current periodicals (Indian 44; International 31), 2706 maps and 51 CD-ROM’s of reference materials. Internet literature searching is available to the staff and students. The library facilities are available to students, scholars and scientists from other institutions.
Each Scientist is provided with a laptop computer and Pentium PC. There is a general facility for students and visiting scientists. All are connected with a broadband Local Area Network. 
Research.
Research activities are coordinated by the Director Incharge and conducted by five research divisions, namely conservation ecology, Ecotoxicology, Environmental impact assessment, Landscape ecology and Restoration ecology. Within the divisions there are research programmes in: Avian ecology and endangered bird conservation, Man and biodiversity conservation, Wetlands conservation, Environmental contamination and biodiversity, Environmental Impact Assessment, Modelling and simulation and Nature Education. The scientific staff includes three Senior Principal Scientists, four Senior Scientists, and one Nature Education Officer.
During 2007-2008 SACON undertook 19 research projects: 
Education.
The SACON is affiliated with Bharathiar University. In 2006–07, 26 SACON students were enrolled for PhD and 2 for M.Phil. One PhD degree was awarded and three theses for PhDs submitted. Eight M.Sc students from different colleges and universities did their dissertation work at SACON for the partial fulfillment of their degree.
The nature education division conducted several programmes including a one month residential vacation training programme on "Bioresources for School Children". 
SACON collaborates with the Centre for Ecological Sciences, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, on the "People’s Biodiversity Register through School Children" programme, involving five local schools.
In addition to student research programmes, other nature education programmes conducted during 2006–07 included "Nature Camps for students of Coimbatore", "Wildlife Week Celebrations", "Nature Awareness Competitions and Sálim Ali Trophy awards","Young Bird Watcher of the Year contest", "Sálim Ali Birth Anniversary celebrations",
"World Wetlands day Programme", The "3rd Children’s Ecology Congress (CEC)" and "Naming common butterflies in Tamil". 
“Song of Sparrow: Nature Education e-Newsletter” a bimonthly e-newsletter was also published and circulated to the "Salim Ali Naturalists Forum" during the period.
SACON also conducted short term training programmes on instrumentation and analytical techniques and offered analytical service to industries and academic institutions.
A rapid environmental assessment of the "Kundah pumped storage hydro electric project in the Nilgiris" was completed. Another EIA project for the Mumbai trans-harbour sea link project: "Study of Flamingos and migratory birds" was completed.
"Andhra Pradesh Community Based Tank Project — Environmental and Social Assessment Study" was also completed.
During 2006–2007, SACON conducted a "Workshop on Conservation and Management of Biodiversity in Teesta Valley, Sikkim" at Gangtok, Sikkim. 
A "National Conference on Biodiversity Conservation and Human Well-being" was conducted jointly with the Department of Zoology, Osmania University.
SACON staff presented papers in 58 national and international conferences, workshops and seminars and delivered 13 invited/plenary lectures.
Publications.
Several research communications were made during 2006–2007 by SACON researchers. These included 12 scientific reports, 28 research papers, 8 chapters in edited books and 5 articles in technical newsletters.

</doc>
<doc id="20719213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719213" title="Clifford Grant">
Clifford Grant

Clifford Scantlebury Grant (born 11 September 1930) is a retired Australian operatic bass singer.
Life and career.
Clifford Grant was born in Sydney. In 1966, he joined Sadler's Wells Opera company and on 20 December 1974 he had his debut at the Royal Opera House in Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro", in the role of Doctor Bartolo. His Metropolitan Opera debut took place two years later when he created the role of Emperor Phorcas in the Met's premiere of Massenet's "Esclarmonde". He retired from the stage in 1990.
Grant participated in numerous recordings of operas, such as: "Norma", "Esclarmonde", the collection of all late Italian operas by Mozart, "Lakmé", "Lucia di Lammermoor", "Les Huguenots", "Tosca", "Ernani", "I Lombardi", "Rigoletto", and Wagner's Ring cycle (sung in English, with Sadler's Wells Opera). His performances were well reviewed.

</doc>
<doc id="20719224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719224" title="Lori Goldston">
Lori Goldston

Lori Goldston is an American cellist. She was the touring cellist for Nirvana from 1993–1994 and appears on their live album "MTV Unplugged in New York". She is a member of Earth, the Black Cat Orchestra, and Spectratone International.
Discography.
The albums that she appears on include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20719226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719226" title="Roswell Park (surgeon)">
Roswell Park (surgeon)

Dr. Roswell Park (May 4, 1852 – February 15, 1914) is best known for starting Gratwick Research Laboratory, which is now known as Roswell Park Cancer Institute. He was also a professor of surgery at the University at Buffalo Medical School and a surgeon at Buffalo General Hospital.
When Dr. Park was thirty-one he came to Buffalo, New York in 1883. He came from Chicago where he received his Doctor of Medicine degree from Northwestern University in 1876. He received his B.A. in 1872 and M.A. in 1875 from Racine College in Racine, Wisconsin. Dr. Park received an honorary M.A. from Harvard University in 1895 and an honorary LL.D. from Yale University. Over the years he served on many boards, both national and international. By 1914, the total number of textbooks, articles, and monographs that he wrote reached 167.
President McKinley assassination.
Buffalo was the host of the Pan-American Exposition in 1901. President William McKinley was not even a year into his second term. At the time he was staying in his summer home in Canton, Ohio. He left his summer home for the exposition fairgrounds. After a speech that he gave in the Temple of Music pavilion, Leon Czolgosz, came from the crowd and shot McKinley twice at point blank range. McKinley was taken to a hospital on the fairgrounds.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the first surgeon to show up. Herman Mynter, a general surgeon from Buffalo, was the first to diagnose the president. After consulting with other physicians, it was agreed upon to perform an abdominal exploration of the area. Not long after Mynter's examination was finished, Matthew Derbyshire Mann arrived. Mann was a former dean of Buffalo Medical School and a respected surgeon. After the two talked, it was agreed upon to perform the abdominal exploration. President McKinley agreed to the exploration. Work was done by Mann to try to find the bullet and treat the wounds.
Efforts were made to contact Dr. Park, but he was in the middle of a neck dissection at Niagara Falls Memorial Hospital. As described years later by Park's son, the messenger ran into the operation room and told Dr. Park that he was needed immediately. Park proceeded to say "Don't you see, I can't leave. I am in the middle of a case even if it were for the President of the United States?" The Messenger replied "Doctor, it is for the President of the United States." Park proceeded to finish the operation. Despite the importance of the situation, Park was only able to get to the exposition hospital via a train. Once Park arrived, Mann was about to close up McKinley and asked Park if there should be any placement of drains. Park told Mann that he was the best man to make that decision given the scenario. Mann decided not to drain the abdomen since there was no excess blood or fluid around to be drained.
Dr. Park arranged for some nurses from the exposition to look over McKinley at the Milburn home until nurses from the army could arrive. Despite some promising results McKinley died in the Milburn home.

</doc>
<doc id="20719246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719246" title="African Handball Champions League">
African Handball Champions League

The African Handball Champions League is an annual international club handball competition run by the African Handball Confederation. The top club sides from Africa's handball leagues are invited to participate in the tournament, which serves as a qualifying tournament for the IHF Super Globe.
Summary.
"" A round-robin tournament determined the final standings.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20719281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719281" title="Berijam Lake">
Berijam Lake

Berijam Lake is a reservoir near Kodaikanal town in Dindigul district of Tamil Nadu, South India. It is at the old site of "Fort Hamilton", in the upper Palani hills.
The lake, created by a dam with sluice outlets, is part of a micro–watershed development project. Periyakulam town, to the SE, gets its public drinking water from the lake. The lake’s water quality is excellent.
Access.
Berijam is located at the end of Pillar Rocks Road (old SR-18), southwest of Kodaikanal Lake. map There were two roads from Berijam, the Kodaikanal–Munnar Road to Munnar town, about west and another going to Kavunji village, north.
The old roads are now overgrown with vegetation and used as walking trails by local villagers and trekkers. Encounters with wild animals including bison, elephants and leopards sometimes occur on these trails.
The Tamil Nadu Forest Department has restricted entry into the Berijam Lake area to between 9.30 a.m. and 3 p.m. for the general public. Entry permits are issued at the Forestry Department Office in Kodaikanal. Only a limited number of visitors are allowed in the park each day.
There is a forest check–post which prohibits unauthorized entry through the road leading to Berijam Lake.
Beyond km marker 13 on the Berijam road there is an observation tower from where one may have a fine view of Berijam Lake and the surrounding forest.
Berijam has a Forest Department Camp including an Eco-Education Center for visitors. Nature areas to be visited here include: swamp ecosystem, fresh water ecosystem, nature trail, bridge, medicinal demonstration garden, museum, nature walk, grassland and shola.(guide map)
Site visits are organized for authorized researchers. Trekkers can get permission to stay overnight. There is a Forest Rest House with limited accommodations which serves as an overnight base camp for Forestry Department staff, researchers and trekkers.
Visitors must bring their own provisions.
History.
There was originally a swamp here known as the Berijam swamp. The previous existence here of a large lake, evidence of which was visible nearby, was first recorded in 1864 by Colonel Douglas Hamilton of the 21st Regiment of the Madras Native Infantry. No written record or even local legend regarding the existence of this ancient lake survives. However, judging from visible traces of its shoreline which still remained in 1906, it must have been nearly long, up to wide and up to deep. It was apparently formed by the side of a hill slipping down into a valley which slopes northwards, and damming up the stream which ran to the Amaravati River at the bottom of it. This stream apparently eventually cut its way through the huge natural embankment so formed, and thus emptied the lake this landslide/dam had once created. The dam was about long and the breach in it was about across and deep.
In 1864, Colonel Hamilton submitted a report stating that the Berijam Lake area was the best site in the Palani Hills for a military cantonment or Sanatorium. A military outpost later built here, Fort Hamilton, was named for him.
Berijam lake was artificially created in 1867, when Sir Vere Levigne, Collector of Madurai, donated part of his personal retirement funds for building the dam.
Subsequently, the dam and reservoir were enlarged and a pipeline was built to supply drinking water to the Periyakulam Municipality. The scheme was completed in 1912 at a cost equivalent to US $138,500.
Berijam has a 100 year old 2-story brick building, partly damaged and blackened over the years, with a bright yellow painted name reading "Britisher's Transit Camp". This is one of several transit camps built every for the soldiers to rest along the British “Escape Route” from Kodaikanal via Top Station and Munnar to Kochi, built during World War II. While most of the transit camps are now either dilapidated or demolished, the one at Berijam still stands.
Berijam Lake has been studied palynologically revealing a 20,000 years story by pollen particles deposited in lake sediments. The time span between 20,000-17,000 years before present (B.P.) experienced cold and dry climatic conditions. After this period arid oxidizing environmental conditions prevailed for a period of 2500 years. The time span between 14,500–7;000 years B.P. witnessed a climatic amelioration phase leading to a warm and humid climate. From about 7,000 years B.P. to present the area has had a cool and humid climate.
Hydrology.
The Upper Palani Hills catchment basin drains into the Lake.
Rainfall is the chief source of water into the lake. Average annual rainfall in the hill area is . The mean day temperature in the coolest months is below in the higher areas.
The lake is formed below the Palani hill ranges at the origin of the Varahanadhi (Varaha River) which is used for purposes of water supply and irrigation.
As a part of the World Bank funded Water Resources Consolidation Project (WRCP) of Tamil Nadu, sedimentation condition was assessed for a large number of reservoirs including Berijam reservoir.
This indicated that the gross storage capacity of the reservoir in 1911 decreased to in 1987.
The percentage reduction of storage due to siltation is 23%, over a period of 76 years.
Berijam Lake had stable land conditions, thus erosion was less and the lake received less sediment but more organic matter in the proportion of (5.5–41.8%).
The rate of sedimentation is indirectly proportional to the influx of organic matter.
On the basis of chemical parameters and nutrient load studies, the Berijam lake has been categorized as oligotrophic with a tendency to eutrophication over time due to plankton growth in the lake.
This conclusion is supported by oxygen deficits in the bottom due to the chemocline condition of the lake.
Flora.
Berijam is rich in flora and fauna ("some are pictured in the gallery") and has a few original eco–initiatives to its credit, namely, South India's first field–oriented eco-education centre set up by the Forest Department, an exclusive medicinal plants demonstration garden spread over and a model swamp observation area created to educate the public. A rare species of free floating insectivorous bladderwort plant called utricularia australis is said to be found here.
The catchment of the Berijam Lake in the Palani hills falls under the once extensive shola grassland ecosystem, also called the “cloud forest”.
These grasslands constitute a complex and highly diverse plant community which in turn supports a wide range of fauna from insects to large mammals.
With the sholas they constitute one of the world’s rarest, most biodiverse and spectacular of landscapes.
Where the grassland has been destroyed by industrial timber plantations, streams and marshes have dried out.
Data on germination and cultivation of c. 250 shola species and long term biographies of c. 70 shola tree species in the area have been published.
Development and cultivation of medicinal plants like Digitalis, Pyrethrum, Belladona, Dioscorea sp. and Mentha is an active programme launched by the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University through the research centre of the Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants (CIMAP) near Berijam.
Commercial marketing of high yielding varieties of these plants is now being actively pursued.
Psilocybin mushrooms which produce hallucinogenic effects when consumed, and other poisonous mushrooms grow around Berijam.
Fauna.
The Upper Palni Shola forest reserve surrounding Berijam lake has a rich faunal population comprising the following.
In February 2010, Tigers were sighted in Kodaikanal forests during a six-day carnivore survey. A tigress and her cub were spotted playing in the wild. Forest Department officials are studying survey data to estimate the local tiger population based on indirect evidence like pug marks, scats and scratches.
Of the two wildlife corridors proposed for movement of Indian Elephants in the Palani Hills Reserve Forest, the Berijam corridor connects to Top Station in Kerala.
It is also being studied if a link corridor through the Kukkal area, could be established to the second corridor from Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park through Amaravathy and Kudhiraiyar to the Palar Dam, then up the valley almost to Ganesh Nagar, below Pethuparai village.
In 1886 there were Carp in the lake.
In 1914 there was a scheme to introduce Trout into Berijam reservoir.
Conservation.
The catchment basin of the lake, historically dominated by extensive shola grass lands, drains into marshes at the head of the lake. However, most of the catchment area was afforested, during the 1960s, with Eucalyptus, wattle and pine. The main Berijam marsh has shrunk, as evidenced in March 2007, by walking across the marsh without getting one’s feet wet. This is attributed to less water discharging into the lake. Shrinking of the lake has also been noticed with the boating dock getting shifted to deeper waters on the opposite side of the creek.
The creek waters adjoining the marsh have been gradually invaded by marshland vegetation of water lilies, Torpedo grass and native sedges with shoots in water and roots at the nodes.
The water lilies were planted there "reportedly" for ornamental purposes by the Forest Department. These marshland invasives are accelerating the siltation process and may eventually result in necessity of raising the height of the dam to compensate for loss of storage due to siltation.
A crisis in the water regime of the Palani plateau has been observed at Berijam Lake. The lake’s marshlands have been reported to dry out after the monsoon and marsh vegetation is seen encroaching into the deeper part of the lake.
Studies by the Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History, Coimbatore, undertaken in 2006 in many areas of the Palani hills including Berijam, indicate that the population of the Grey-breasted Laughingthrush, a near threatened endemic bird species of the Western Ghats, has been affected by the degradation of its habitat. Remedial measures have been suggested.
Otter poaching in the Palani hills to the point of extermination has been reported.
The Common Otter and Small-clawed Otter are trapped by Tribals from the Haryana State of India, who are in Palani hills with the sole aim of collecting Otter oil which is in demand in Northern India.
Mercury pollution was reported in Kodaikanal which affected lakes in the area.
The causes, originating from a Hindustan Lever thermometer factory nearby, were reported to be dispersal of elemental mercury to the atmosphere from improper storage and dispersal from surface effluents from the factory. Apart from tests conducted on Kodaikanal lake, moss samples collected from trees surrounding the Berijam Lake, located from the factory were also tested. These showed mercury level in the range of 0.2 µg/kg.
In 1902, important bauxite deposits were discovered in the hills north and south of Berijam Lake which The Geological Survey of India investigated during 1964–65.
The following measures have been suggested or are under implementation by various agencies.
The Vatakanal Conservation Trust, a non-governmental organization in assosciation with the Tamil Nadu Forest Department has initiated efforts to restore the shola system.
A pilot project was undertaken to protect the Pambar shola, adjacent to Kodaikanal.
Noting the effect on the breeding of the Grey–breasted Laughingthrush, the Sálim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History has recommended:

</doc>
<doc id="20719308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719308" title="The Rough Ride">
The Rough Ride

The Rough Ride (挑戰) is a TVB television series, premiered in 1985. Theme song "Me and You, He and Me" (我與你 他與我) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Anita Mui.

</doc>
<doc id="20719359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719359" title="Loner (film)">
Loner (film)

Loner (외톨이, "Wetoli" aka Orphaned or Hikikomori) is a 2008 South Korean film. The debut feature by director Park Jae-sik, "Loner" is a horror film about hikikomori, the phenomenon of reclusive individuals who have chosen to withdraw from social life.
Plot.
Soo-na, a 17 year-old student who lives in a huge mansion with her uncle and grandmother, is driven over the edge after the suicide of her best friend. She locks herself in her room, talks to someone that nobody else can see, and tries to kill herself in front of her family. Her uncle, Se-jin, enlists the help of his fiancée, Yoon-mi, a psychiatrist who specialises in hikikomori. Yoon-mi suspects that Soo-na's condition is related to some hidden family history.
Soo-na, knowing that Se-jin is his biological father, plans to make him suffer seeing her hurting herself.
Se-jin will soon know that he has a second daughter and was livng in the house with Soo-na without their knowing.
Would he know the truth before his daughter kills him or would he dare to kill one of them?
find out
Production.
The set of the mansion cost $300,000 to build, and took a month to construct.
Release.
"Loner" was released in South Korea on 18 September 2008, and on its opening weekend was ranked seventh at the box office with 45,710 admissions. As of 5 October, the film had received a total of 74,753 admissions, and as of 12 October had grossed a total of $412,300.
Critical response.
James Mudge of "BeyondHollywood" described "Loner" as "one of the better and more thoughtful films of its type for some time", and said, "The film features some skilfully sustained tension and a palpable sense of dread, as well as an overbearing sense that things are unlikely to work out well for any of the characters, even for those who manage to make it through to the end credits. Whilst there are a few death scenes and some good use of special effects, the film is generally quite low key, and is arguably all the better for it, as this ensures that the psychological chills remain at the fore."

</doc>
<doc id="20719468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719468" title="Privileged Identity Management">
Privileged Identity Management

Privileged Identity Management (PIM) is a domain within Identity Management focused on the special requirements of powerful accounts within the IT infrastructure of an enterprise. It is frequently used as an Information Security and governance tool to help companies in meeting compliance regulations and to prevent internal data breaches through the use of privileged accounts. The management of privileged identities can be automated to follow pre-determined or customized policies and requirements for an organization or industry. 
Please also see Privileged password management -- since the usual strategy for securing privileged identities is to periodically scramble their passwords; securely store current password values and control disclosure of those passwords.
Different market participants refer to products in this category using similar but distinct terminology. As a result, some analyst firms refer to this market as "PxM" indicating multiple possible words for "x":
The commonality is that a shared framework controls the access of authorized users and other identities to elevated privileges across multiple systems deployed in an organization.
Types of Privileged Identities.
The term “Privileged Identities” refers to any type of user or account that holds special or extra permissions within the enterprise systems. Privileged identities are usually categorized into the following types:
Special Requirement of Privileged Identities.
A Privileged Identity Management technology needs to accommodate for the special needs of privileged accounts, including their provisioning and life cycle management, authentication, authorization, password management, auditing, and access controls.
Risks of Unmanaged Privileged Identities.
Unmanaged privileged identities can be exploited by both insiders and external attackers. If they are not monitored, held accountable, and actively controlled, malicious insiders, including system administrators, can steal sensitive information or cause significant damage to systems.
A 2009 report prepared for a US congressional committee by Northrop Grumman Corporation details how US corporate and government networks are compromised by overseas attackers who exploit unsecured privileged identities. According to the report, "US government and private sector information, once unreachable or requiring years of expensive technological or human asset preparation to obtain, can now be accessed, inventoried, and stolen with comparative ease using computer network operations tools."
The intruders profiled in the report combine zero-day vulnerabilities developed in-house with clever social exploits to gain access to individual computers inside targeted networks. Once a single computer is compromised, the attackers exploit "highly privileged administrative accounts" throughout the organization until the infrastructure is mapped and sensitive information can be extracted quickly enough to circumvent conventional safeguards.
Privileged account passwords that are secured by a privileged identity management framework so as to be cryptographically complex, frequently changed, and not shared among independent systems and applications offer a means to mitigate the threat to other computers that arises when a single system on a network is compromised.
Privileged Identity Management Software.
Because common Identity access management frameworks do not manage or control privileged identities, privileged identity management software began to emerge after the year 2000.
Among the reasons for a special category of software to secure access to privileged accounts (rather than using "generic" identity and access management solutions):
Privileged identity management software frameworks manage each of the special requirements outlined above including discovery, authentication, authorization, password management with scheduled changes, auditing, compliance reporting, and access controls. The frameworks generally require administrators to check out privileged account passwords before each use, prompting requesters to document the reason for each access and re-randomizing the password promptly after use. Even after logging in, administrator actions are managed using access controls.
In doing so privileged identity management software can guard against undocumented access to configuration settings and private data, enforce the provisions of IT service management practices such as ITIL, and provide definitive audit trails to prove compliance with standards such as HIPAA 45 § 164.308(1)(D) and PCI-DSS 10.2. In addition, the more advanced frameworks also perform discovery of interdependent services, synchronizing password changes among interdependent accounts to avoid service disruptions that would otherwise result.

</doc>
<doc id="20719521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719521" title="Die swell">
Die swell

Die swell, also known as extrudate swell, is a common phenomenon in polymer processing. Die swell occurs in instances of polymer extrusion, in which a stream of polymeric material is forced through a die, a specialized tool in manufacturing to shape or cut polymeric materials. Die swell is an instance where a polymer stream is compressed by entrance into a die, and is followed by a partial recovery or “swell” back to the former shape and volume of the polymer after exiting the die, hence the term die swell.
Die swell is a phenomenon directly related to entropy and the relaxation of the polymer within the flow stream. Initially, a flow stream has a constant rate before entering the die, and the polymers within the stream occupy a roughly spherical conformation, maximizing entropy. Extrusion through the die causes an increase in flow rate through the polymer flow stream. As the polymer spends time inside the die and is subject to the much increased flow rate, the polymers lose the spherical shape, becoming longer due to the increased flow rate. Physical entanglements may relax, if the time scale of the polymer within the die is long enough. When the polymer stream leaves the die, the remaining physical entanglements cause the polymers in the die stream to regain a portion of its former shape and spherical volume, in order to return to the roughly spherical conformation that maximizes entropy.
The disentanglement of polymer chains is a kinetic process, and so the longer the die is, the more time is given for the physical entanglements within the polymer stream to disentangle. With a longer die and a slower polymer flow stream, less pronounced die swell will be observed. This is due to the longer die providing a longer time period for polymer, when subject to the increase flow rate, to disentangle. This characteristic relaxation time determines the length of time the polymer must spend inside the die to minimize die swell.

</doc>
<doc id="20719568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719568" title="John Arbuthnot (Canadian politician)">
John Arbuthnot (Canadian politician)

John Arbuthnot (7 January 1861 – 18 September 1931) was a Canadian politician serving as an alderman and the 19th Mayor of Winnipeg.
Arbuthnot worked in the railway industry in his early career, building tracks for the Canadian Pacific Railway in Ontario. He then moved to Rat Portage, Ontario to work at the Western Lumber Company. He established his own lumber business after moving to Winnipeg in 1892.
He became a Winnipeg alderman for 1896 and 1897 before serving as City Parks Board chair the following two years. He was elected as Mayor to serve terms from 1901 to 1903. In 1907 he left Winnipeg for British Columbia and remained in that province until his death in 1931.
The City of Winnipeg named Arbuthnot Street in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20719574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719574" title="T. Sailo">
T. Sailo

Brigadier. Thenpunga Sailo also known T.Sailo or Brig Sailo was an ex-British-Indian Army, later Indian Army Officer and the Chief Minister of Mizoram from 2 June 1978 to 10 November 1978, and again from 8 May 1979 to 4 May 1984.
On April 2011, the Governor of Mizoram, Lt. Gen. Madan Mohan Lakhera, awarded T. Sailo with the prestigious Mizo Award organised by the "Vanglaini Daily" newspaper of Mizoram.

</doc>
<doc id="20719614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719614" title="Geelong Amateur Football Club">
Geelong Amateur Football Club

The Geelong Amateur Football Netball Club is an Australian rules football club that plays in the Bellarine Football League and is situated in the regional city of Geelong, Victoria, Australia.
History.
The Geelong Amateur Football Club was formed in 1926 as a result of teachers and students from The Geelong College and The Geelong Grammar forming a football team to play in Victorian Amateur Football Association. Hence the green (College)and light blue (Grammar) colors and the Pegasus Logo of the club.
They moved to their current home at Queens Park, Highton in 1957.
They started in the VAFA participating as high as A Grade before in 1983 the club decided to base itself in Geelong and joined the Geelong and District Football League. Playing in the V.A.F.A. meant travelling to Melbourne every fortnight, whereas joining the Geelong & District Football League meant that all games were played locally.
In 1985 they won the GDFL premiership. The club then briefly went up to the Geelong Football League but was unable to sustain itself there and moved back to the GDFL in 1989.
The club experienced a period of troubled times over the next few years and, after much soul searching and survival meetings, the club joined the Bellarine Football League and has remained since.
League Awards.
VFL/AFL Players.
Graeme Linke with Geelong and Footscray.
David Clarke Jnr with Geelong and Carlton.
Tim Clarke with Hawthorn.
Spiro Malakelis with Geelong.
Tony Malakelis with Geelong and Sydney Swans.
Former Australian Test Cricketers Lindsay Hassett and Ian Redpath played with The Ammos.

</doc>
<doc id="20719648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719648" title="Juraj Buček">
Juraj Buček

Club career.
Buček began his professional football career with Chemlon Humenné in the Slovak Superliga. He had a spell in the Greek Super League with Skoda Xanthi F.C. and Olympiacos F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20719659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719659" title="Kiddie League">
Kiddie League

Kiddie League is the 95th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 3, 1959, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Notes.
This marks one of the earliest appearances of Inspector Willoughby. He has a cameo as a baseball umpire.

</doc>
<doc id="20719679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719679" title="1981 Rose Bowl">
1981 Rose Bowl

The 1981 Rose Bowl was the 67th Rose Bowl game and was played on January 1, 1981 at the Rose Bowl Stadium in Pasadena, California. The game featured the Michigan Wolverines beating the Washington Huskies by a score of 23–6. The game marked the first time Michigan Coach Bo Schembechler won a bowl game after seven prior bowl game losses. 
The matchup.
The 1981 Rose Bowl matched the Big 10 and Pac-10 Conference champions. Both teams, Michigan from the Big Ten, and Washington from the Pac-10, came into the game with identical 9-2 regular season records. Michigan had lost games against Notre Dame and South Carolina, and Washington had lost to Oregon and Navy. Washington came into the game having won the Pac-10 title with a 20-10 upset victory over USC.
Despite the identical records, Michigan was favored, due largely to the impressive play of its defense. The Michigan defense did not allow a touchdown in the last 18 quarters of the regular season and gave up only 10 first-quarter points and three touchdown passes all year. The streak included a shutout of a Purdue team led by quarterback Mark Herrmann and a victory over Ohio State in which the Buckeye offense led by Art Schlichter was held to three points. Washington Coach Don James noted, "Michigan is playing defense so much better than anybody else in the country right now." Michigan's defense was led by co-captain and linebacker, Andy Cannavino, who led the team with 160 tackles (54 more than any other player on the team) to become the second leading all-time tackler in the school's history. The defense also featured linebacker, Mel Owens, tackle, Mike Trgovac, and safety Keith Bostic.
On offense, Michigan had All-American wide receiver, Anthony Carter, who broke the school's career record for touchdowns as a sophomore. Prior to the 1981 Rose Bowl, Schembechler called Carter "the most gifted athlete I've ever been around." Michigan also featured an offensive line that included All-American George Lilja and future NFL players, Ed Muransky, Kurt Becker, and Bubba Paris. 
Washington was led by senior quarterback and Pac-10 Player of the Year, Tom Flick, who had passed for 2,178 yards in 1980. Washington also had a superb placekicker, Chuck Nelson, who led the team in scoring with 85 points on 31 extra points and 18 field goals. Don James noted that the biggest difference between the two teams was Washington's reliance on the passing game, and Michigan's reliance on the run.
Pre-game focus on Schembechler's bowl record.
Michigan's long-time coach Bo Schembechler was the focus of much of the pre-game press coverage. Schembechler had gone winless in seven prior bowl games (five Rose Bowls, one Orange Bowl, and one Gator Bowl). Bo's record led to jokes by the media, including one Gannett reporter who opened his pre-game story by noting: "It's bowl time, so they're playing Michigan's song again. No not The Victors, you know, Taps." And a UPI story opened with this line: "Why doesn't Bo Schembechler eat cereal for breakfast? He's afraid he'd lose the bowl."
Michigan's players noted their desire to win the 1981 Rose Bowl for their coach. All-American center George Lilja noted, "We want to win for our coach as much as for ourselves." Michigan's co-captain, Andy Cannavino joked, "If we win, maybe it'll look good on our resume when we go in to apply for a regular job. Maybe the boss will be sympathetic to the fact that we got Bo Schembechler his first Rose Bowl." The press also noted that, even though Michigan's players wanted "desperately" to win for their coach, Schembechler himself "seems as laid back as a native Californian." Schembechler refused to predict a victory but said, "The pressure is on us to win, but I guarantee you, our players will play their hearts out."
Game summary.
Early in the game, Washington reached the Michigan one-yard line, but the Michigan defense stopped Washington's Toussiant Tyler on fourth down. One official initially signaled a touchdown, but changed the call after the other official reported "he clearly saw the ball was not in." The first quarter ended with no score, and the highlights of the first quarter were Michigan's goal-line stand and a Rose Bowl record set by Michigan's Don Bracken with a 73-yard punt.
In the second quarter, Washington's placekicker Chuck Nelson kicked a 35-yard field goal, but Michigan then took the lead with a six-yard touchdown run by Butch Woolfolk. Nelson added a 26-yard field goal, and the half ended with Michigan leading 7-6. 
Michigan drove the ball 83-yard to start the second half, scoring on a 25-yard field goal from placekicker Ali Haji-Sheikh. After the game, Schembechler said the opening drive of the second half was the "turning point." He noted, "To take the kick and drive down the field on them, I think might have taken something out of them."
In the third quarter, Michigan's quarterback John Wangler completed a seven-yard touchdown pass to All-American wide receiver Anthony Carter, and Michigan led 17-6. Michigan added another touchdown in the fourth quarter on a one-yard run by Stan Edwards. The Michigan defense shut down the Washington offense in the second half, not allowing the Huskies to score. The Wolverines outgained the Huskies 304 yards to 105 in the second half. 
Butch Woolfolk was named the Most Valuable Player of the 1981 Rose Bowl after rushing for 182 yards in 26 carries. Stan Edwards added 68 rushing yards, and Anthony Carter compiled 101 yards of total offense (33 rushing, 68 receiving). 
Despite allowing Washington to gain 374 total yards of offense in the game (including 282 yards passing by Flick), Michigan extended its streak to 22 quarters without giving up a touchdown.
Post-game press coverage.
As had the pre-game coverage, much of the post-game coverage focused on Bo Schembechler, who had "broken the jinx" by winning his first bowl game after seven straight defeats. After the game, the Michigan players carried Schembechler off the field on their shoulders as the coached held his arms above his head in victory. In the post-game press conference, Schembechler said, "I stood here five times before a loser. Now I'm smoking a cigar and smiling. ... Right now, I'm on top of the world. I feel great about everything." Michigan finished the season ranked No. 4 in both the AP and UPI polls.

</doc>
<doc id="20719704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719704" title="Boy! What a Girl!">
Boy! What a Girl!

Boy! What a Girl! is a 1947 race film directed by Arthur H. Leonard and starring Tim Moore, with guest appearances by the Brown Dots, Slam Stewart, Sid Catlett and Gene Krupa.
Plot.
Would-be theatrical producer Jim Walton is planning a new show that will feature bandleader Slam Stewart and the comic female impersonator Bumpsie (Tim Moore). Mr. Cummings, the wealthy father of Jim’s girlfriend Cristola, has agreed to finance half of the show if the famous Parisian impresario Madame Deborah will provide the second half of the funding. When word arrives that Madame Deborah’s arrival from France has been delayed, Bumpsie is brought in to keep Mr. Cummings occupied. Mr. Cummings, however, is unaware that Bumpsie is a man in drag and he falls in love with him. The real Madame Deborah unexpectedly arrives early and passes herself off as Mrs. Martin. Two other would-be suitors, impressed with Madame Deborah’s wealth, begin to pursue Bumpsie. A fundraising party for the show is held, where several musical acts arrive to perform. A pair of thugs attempt to kidnap Bumpsie, believing he is Madame Deborah, but he manages to escape. The real Madame Deborah identifies herself and agrees to finance Jim’s show, enabling him to achieve his professional goals and to marry Cristola.
Production.
"Boy! What a Girl!" was planned to be the first in a series of all-black race films produced by the independent company Herald Pictures. The film’s press kit acknowledged the segregated distribution patterns of the race film by proclaiming "Boy! What a Girl!" would be “an all-Negro motion picture can be produced to play in any theater in the country and not merely confined to the some 600 odd playhouses that cater strictly to an all-Negro audience.” 
The film was shot at the Fox Movietone Studios in New York City. Gene Krupa, the only white member of the cast, was not originally signed to appear in the film; director Arthur H. Leonard invited Krupa to be on camera when the famous drummer stopped by to visit cast member Sid Catlett on the set.
"Boy! What a Girl!" was the only starring film role for Tim Moore, an African American vaudeville comedy star who later became famous as the Kingfish in the television series "Amos 'n Andy". A pre-production news item identified Marva Lewis, the ex-wife of boxing champion Joe Louis, as being a part of the cast, but she is not present in the finished film, as she was forced to withdraw due to illness. She was replaced by the Brown Dots.

</doc>
<doc id="20719733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719733" title="James Madison Park">
James Madison Park

James Madison Park is a waterfront park located on Lake Mendota in Madison, Wisconsin. It is owned by the city of Madison.
Gates of Heaven Synagogue.
The park is the home of the Gates of Heaven Synagogue (Shaarei Shamayim). The 1863 building, a popular site for weddings of all faiths, is the eighth-oldest synagogue building still standing in the United States.
Bernard - Hoover Boat House.
The park is also home to the Bernard - Hoover Boat House. This is owned by the City of Madison, and occupied by Mendota Rowing Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20719752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719752" title="Loon Lake (Nova Scotia)">
Loon Lake (Nova Scotia)

Loon Lake, (Nova Scotia) could mean the following :

</doc>
<doc id="20719766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719766" title="Areograph">
Areograph

Areograph is the commercial name of a photographic technology that assembles photographic components into 3-dimensional environments. Anywhere from 100,000 to several million photographs are stitched by software into a navigable scene, akin to those in a first person shooter. The production of such environments is both faster and cheaper than creating a rendered environment of similar size, as well as being more detailed, given that the source of an Areograph environment is a real-world location. 
Drawbacks include the fact that the environment is fundamentally static, so must rely on modelled artefacts, as well as limitations to the resolution of individual photographic components. 
The technology is currently used in the series of games.

</doc>
<doc id="20719803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719803" title="A Resentful Woman">
A Resentful Woman

A Resentful Woman (원녀 - "Wonnyeo") is a 1973 South Korean horror film.
Plot.
The spirit of Bo-yeong is unable to ascend to the next world due to her unmarried status. The woman's nanny's spirit tries to help Bo-yeong by arranging a soul-marriage with a villager named Jeong. Jeong's father has been unjustly imprisoned by the dishonest village chief who covets the family's fortune. The nanny's spirit helps Jeong to pass the Bar examination, so that he can save his father. By now in love with Jeong, Bo-yeong and her nanny's spirit pass into heaven.

</doc>
<doc id="20719817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719817" title="Water For South Sudan">
Water For South Sudan

Water For South Sudan [(formerly known as Water for Sudan)] is a US 505(c)3 nonprofit corporation whose mission is to create access to and monitor safe drinking water for communities located in remote rural areas of South Sudan. The goal of Water For South Sudan (WFSS) is to increase the quality of life and health of families in South Sudan by drilling wells to provide fresh, safe potable water.
History.
The history of the organization centers on its founder, Salva Dut. In 1985, Sudan was wracked by The Second Sudanese Civil War. Millions died while millions more were displaced, fleeing to refugee camps in Ethiopia, Kenya, and other neighboring countries. Finally, in 2005, after over two decades of war, the Comprehensive Peace Agreement was signed. A truce was declared and the semi-autonomous Government of Southern Sudan was established for that region.
Among those who originally fled through barren, war-torn southern desert were thousands of children, mostly boys, some as young as five. They became known as the "Lost Boys of Sudan." Salva Dut was one of those boys. As an 11-year old Dinka from Tonj in southwest Sudan, Dut fled first to Ethiopia. Then, as a teenager, he led 1500 "Lost Boys" hundreds of miles through the southern Sudan desert to the Kakuma refugee camp in Kenya. Relocated to Rochester NY USA in 1996, he now leads Water For South Sudan.
Organization.
Dut founded Water For South Sudan in 2003. In 2005, drilling operations began. Five wells were drilled in Sudanese villages in the first year. Since then, 177 wells have been drilled, each serving approximately 1,000-1,500 people. It costs WFSS approximately $15,000 per well which includes ALL costs related to drilling such as overhead (less than 20%).
People in the villages where (WFSS) operates become partners in the process of making safe, drinkable water available there. Villagers provide sweat equity labor, and village elders help determine a well’s location and appoint one of their people to maintain the completed well and its pump. The WFSS team trains that well manager and provides spare parts.
Operations.
Drilling teams may operate in remote villages both west and east of the White Nile river which bisects South Sudan.
Drilling a borehole, often hundreds of feet deep to reach the aquifer’s water, is a technical challenge. That challenge is magnified by the remote nature and harsh climate of the region. The drilling rig requires water to operate. Gravel of a certain size and shape for use in the borehole must be located. Compressed air must be available. Soil must be tested and retested to measure progress. Diesel fuel is required at all times as is a special polymer to keep the borehole intact until pipe is sunk for the well. And of course, the crew must be fed every day of the drilling season.

</doc>
<doc id="20719884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719884" title="Samira Hill Gold Mine">
Samira Hill Gold Mine

The Samira Hill Gold Mine (fr. "Mine d'Or du Mont Samira") is a Gold mine in Téra Department of the Tillabéri Region in Niger. Opened in late 2004, it is the first industrial scale gold mine in the nation, and while operated by a Canadian/Moroccan consortia, the government of Niger owns both a 20% stake in its operation, and functions under government concession. The mine, and the possibility that other gold concessions will follow, is projected to be an important component of future export revenue for the West African state.
Mining in Tera.
Exploitable deposits of gold have long been known to exist in Niger in the region between the Niger River and the border with Burkina Faso, and artisanal gold mining has previously taken place in the area. The "Namaga concession" upon which the Mine was built, is hoped to be the first mine to produce gold from the Tera greenstone belt which surrounds Koma Bangou, the country’s largest artisanal mining site. Koma Bangou was first discovered by ONAREM ("l'Office National des Resources Minieres", the Nigerien government's mining company) in 1985.
SML consortia.
The mine is operated by Moroccan headquartered SML (Societe des Mines du Liptako), a joint venture between Canadian Societe Semafo Inc and Canadian Etruscan Resources Incorporated. Both companies own 80% (40% - 40%) of SML and the Government of Niger holds a 20% stake.Gold and Uranium Exploration in Republic of Niger, West Africa, March 2007.</ref>
The mine site itself was created around the Samira Hill gold deposit, found on the "Tiawa exploration permit" and the Libiri gold deposit (three kilometers away) found on the "Saoura exploration permit".
Production.
On 5 October 2004, President Mamadou Tandja announced the official opening of the Samira Hill Gold Mine, and the first Nigerien gold ingot was presented to him. This marked a historical moment for Niger as the Samira Hill Gold Mine represents the first commercial gold production in the country.
The mine's two pits are open pits, 3 km from one another, both around 5 km north of the Burkina Faso border, and 95 km west-north-west from Niamey. The larger Samira Pit and the Libiri pit run east west along the site, with Libiri pit to the east. The ore processing is done by crushing, grinding, and carbon leaching (Gold cyanidation), which requires a pipeline pumping water from the nearby Sirba River, to the east of the site, as well as a large reservoir and waste pits.
The first year’s production is predicted to be 135,000 troy ounces (4,200 kg; 9,260 lb avoirdupois) of gold at a cash value of USD 177 per ounce ($5.70/g). The mine reserves for the Samira Hill mine total 10,073,626 tons at an average grade of 2.21 grams per ton from which 618,000 troy ounces (19,200 kg; 42,400 lb) will be recovered over a 6-year mine life. SML believes to have a number of significant gold deposits within what is now recognized as the gold belt known as the "Samira Horizon", which is located between Gotheye and Ouallam.
Prior to production, the estimated totals of both pits were 10.08 million t grading 2.2 g/t Au (ore), from which it was projected 618,000 troy ounces would be produced in the estimated 6.2 years of mine life. Etruscan has projected that the Koma Bangou deposit contains reserve of 315000 oz of gold.
In 2008, Semafo announced it had discovered two new possible mine sites on its concessions, to the east and west of its current mines. Sikia 1, 1 km in length, is southeast of Libiri pit, while Libiri Plateau, northeast of the Libiri pit, runs 500 meters. It is thought the immediate are could produce pits 10 km east and west of the current site.

</doc>
<doc id="20719927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719927" title="The Bulletin (Bend)">
The Bulletin (Bend)

The Bulletin is the daily newspaper of Bend, Oregon, United States. "The Bulletin" is owned by Western Communications, a family-owned corporation founded by publisher Robert W. Chandler. Over the years, a number of well known journalists have been associated with the newspaper.
History.
To start a newspaper in Bend, a printing press and other publishing equipment items were brought overland from the railhead at Shaniko by freight wagon. The "Bend Bulletin" was first published as a weekly newspaper on 27 March 1903. The newspaper’s first publisher was Max Lueddemann with Don P. Rea serving as the first editor. When it began, the newspaper’s only other employee was a printer named A. H. Kennedy. The newspaper office was located in a rustic cabin on the east bank of the Deschutes River. In the summer of 1904, the newspaper was sold to J. M. Lawrence. He moved the newspaper to an office building in downtown Bend.
In 1910, George P. Putnam bought the "Bend Bulletin" from Lawrence. While he was the newspaper’s editor for only four years, Putnam continued as publisher for several more years. During his tenure, Putnam was active in local and state politics and the newspaper began promoting Central Oregon outside the local area. The "Bend Bulletin" shifted from a weekly publication to a daily newspaper on 6 December 1916.
Robert W. Sawyer purchased Putnam’s interest in the newspaper in 1919. He hired Henry Fowler, who owned a minority share in the newspaper, as editor. Sawyer was a conservationist, who used his influence as a newspaper publisher to help preserve Oregon’s natural resources. In addition to publishing the "Bend Bulletin", he served as president of the "National Reclamation Association", a director of the "American Forestry Association", and a member of the Oregon Highway Commission. He also championed the establishment of numerous state parks as well as leading the effort to preserve key portions of the John Day Fossil Beds. Sawyer continued as publisher of the "Bend Bulletin" for 34 years. In 1953, Sawyer put the newspaper up for sale. He received offers from several large newspaper chains, but eventually sold the newspaper to Robert Chandler. To make the purchase affordable, Sawyer only required a $6,000 down payment.
Chandler ran the newspaper for the next 43 years, first as "The Bend Bulletin" and after 1963 as the "The Bulletin". During his tenure, Chandler brought new technology into the newspaper’s operation. Soon after he bought the paper, he expanded the photoengraving facilities. In 1956, he replaced the paper’s flatbed press with a new rotary press that printed 13,000 32-page sections per hour. The new press also allowed the paper to print photographs in color.
In 1966, "The Bulletin" moved to a new building on Hill Street in the southern part of Bend. As part of the move, a new offset press was installed. The new press ended the need to produce hot-lead cast type. It also improved the quality of the newspaper’s photographs. That same year, "The Bulletin" began using wire service photos to supplement photograph taken by the paper’s staff photographers. In the 1970s, the newspaper installed video display terminals to receive electronic feeds from the wire services. The video displays were replaced with computers a few years later. A new Gross Urbanite offset press was installed in 1980. This new system could print 20,000 sections an hour.
In 1988, three reporters were arrested for criminal trespass for attempting to get the records of hotel-motel taxes from the Deschutes County Commissioners. The Commissioners denied access to the records and the reporters were never prosecuted.
In 1993, a new information systems department was added to "The Bulletin" organization. In 1996, "The Bulletin" established its presence on the Internet by activating the "bendbulletin.com" domain. This gave the newspaper its own web-site, and provided its staff with e-mail connectivity.
As of 2013, the newspaper's circulation is 27,547 for the Monday–Friday edition, 28,924 for Saturday, and 29,997 for Sunday. Currently, the publisher is Gordon Black and the editor-in-chief is John Costa.
Notable editors.
Since its founding, "The Bulletin" has had a number of distinguished publishers, including George P. Putnam, Robert W. Sawyer, and Robert W. Chandler. All three of these newspapermen are honored in the "Oregon Newspaper Hall of Fame". Putnam and Sawyer were inducted in 1980, shortly after the Hall of Fame was created by the Oregon Newspaper Publishers Association. Chandler was inducted in 2006.
Phil Brogan was another well known journalist associated with the "The Bulletin". Brogan was hired by Sawyer in 1923. He worked as a reporter, writer, and editor for the next 44 years, earning numerous awards for his work. He was also a distinguished historian, geologist, paleontologist, geographer, meteorologist, astronomer, and outdoorsman. In 1964, Brogan wrote "East of the Cascades", an important source of information on the geology, geography, and history of Central Oregon. "Phil Brogan Viewpoint" near Lava Butte in Newberry National Volcanic Monument is named in his honor.
Sister publications.
Western Communications, a family-owned corporation, owns nine publications in Oregon and California:

</doc>
<doc id="20719932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719932" title="Elmore, Gloucestershire">
Elmore, Gloucestershire

"For other places with the same name, see Elmore (disambiguation)."
Elmore is a village and civil parish, located in the Stroud district of Gloucestershire, England. The village lies on the border of Quedgeley in Gloucester, near the south bank of the River Severn, and has a population of 216.
The village is the location of Elmore Court, a grade II listed mansion, which has been the family seat of the Guise Baronets for nearly 800 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20719965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719965" title="Ed Finn">
Ed Finn

Edward (Ed) Finn, Jr. (born June 4, 1926) is a Canadian trade unionist and journalist, editor, author and former Newfoundland politician. He was the leader of the Newfoundland Democratic Party and the first leader of the Newfoundland New Democratic Party.
Early years.
Finn was born in Spaniard's Bay, Newfoundland and raised in Corner Brook. His father worked at the Bowater's paper mill during the Great Depression. In 1942, Finn joined his father at the paper mill at the age of 16 and worked there for four years. He went into journalism working for Corner Brook's local newspaper, "The Western Star" from 1946 to 1953, when he went to work for the "Montreal Gazette" for two years before returning to the "Star" as editor.
Logger's strike.
Under his stewardship "The Western Star" sympathetically covered the Newfoundland logger's strike of 1958-59. Finn later wrote of the period "It was such a heated and emotionally charged labour dispute that journalistic objectivity was simply not tolerated... you were either with the paper companies and the government, or you were with a gang of mainland union thugs, which was how the International Woodworkers' of America (IWA) leaders were unfairly depicted."
Newfoundland Premier Joey Smallwood responded to the labour dispute by introducing legislation to decertify the International Woodworkers of America and also used police to harass picket lines.
Finn, as editor of the "Western Star", war ordered by the newspaper's publishers to report only the company's and government's side of the dispute. As a result, Finn and two other journalists quit the newspaper. He and two friends started their own newspaper, "The Newfoundland Examiner" with Finn as publisher and editor and devoted the journal to uncovering government and business corruption. The newspaper was unable to attract advertising revenue and folded after a year.
Political career.
As a result of the strike, labour unions with the support of the Canadian Labour Congress founded the Newfoundland Democratic Party in 1959 in an attempt to give political expression to the growing workers movement and in an attempt to channel worker opposition to the Liberal government of Joey Smallwood. The new party absorbed the small Newfoundland section of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation and anticipated the 1961 founding of the New Democratic Party (NDP) of Canada by the Canadian Labour Congress and the CCF.
After being fired by his publisher, Finn was hired by the Canadian Labour Congress and persuaded to lead the Newfoundland Democratic Party into the 1959 provincial election. Smallwood sent his Minister of Labour, Charlie Ballam, to run against Finn in Humber West. Finn came within less than 300 votes of defeating Ballam. He remained leader of the Newfoundland Democratic Party, which became the Newfoundland New Democratic Party, until 1963 and ran in the 1962 provincial election as well as for the federal NDP in Humber—St. George's in the 1962 and 1963 federal elections but was unable to win a seat in either the Newfoundland House of Assembly or the Canadian House of Commons.
Later career.
In 1963, Finn resigned as NDP leader and moved to Ottawa to accept a position with the Canadian Brotherhood of Railway, Transport and General Workers. He remained with that union until 1980 when he and three other union staffers were dismissed after they refused to open mail during a strike by the union's clerical staff. He then joined the Canadian Union of Public Employees with whom he remained until his retirement in 1991.
Finn also wrote a weekly labour column for the "Toronto Star" from 1968 until 1982 and has also contributed articles to various publications.
He has worked for the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives since 1993 and is currently editor of its monthly journal, "The CCPA Monitor". The CCPA has published several collections of Finn's essays in three books, "The Right is Wrong and the Left Is Right - Cutting through the Neoliberal Bafflegab", "Under Corporate Rule" and "Who Do We Try to Rescue Today?".

</doc>
<doc id="20719968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719968" title="USCGC Mobile Bay (WTGB-103)">
USCGC Mobile Bay (WTGB-103)

USCGC Mobile Bay (WTGB-103) is an active Ice cutting Tug under the direction of the United States Coast Guard. Her homeport is located in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin. She is one of two ships in her class that has been equipped with a 120-foot Aids-to-Navigation barge operating on the Great Lakes. The vessel was specifically designed to carry out ice cutting missions, but also carries out missions in Search and Rescue, Environmental Pollution Response, Maritime Law Enforcement and Homeland Security.

</doc>
<doc id="20719972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20719972" title="Louis Guay">
Louis Guay

Louis Guay is a Canadian public servant who is serving as the deputy directory of the Sudan task force in Ottawa. He has previously served in a half a dozen embassies in the 1970s and 1980s and served as Canada's ambassador to Gabon for three years.
Guay was kidnapped along with Robert Fowler in Niger on December 2008. He was released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20720013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720013" title="MOWSE">
MOWSE

MOWSE (for MOlecular Weight SEarch) is a method for identification of proteins from the molecular weight of peptides created by proteolytic digestion and measured with mass spectrometry.
The MOWSE algorithm was developed by Darryl Pappin at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund and Alan Bleasby at the SERC Daresbury Laboratory. The probability-based MOWSE score formed the basis of development of Mascot, a proprietary software for protein identification from mass spectrometry data. It is documented here 

</doc>
<doc id="20720017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720017" title="King Raven Trilogy">
King Raven Trilogy

The King Raven Trilogy, by Stephen R. Lawhead, is a series of historical novels based on the Robin Hood legend. Lawhead relocates Robin Hood from Sherwood Forest in Nottingham to Wales, and sets the story in the late eleventh century, after the Battle of Hastings and to coincide with the Norman invasion of Wales and the struggles the Cymru (Welsh) people against the Normans, and the political intrigue of medieval Britain. The trilogy consists of three books named Hood, Scarlet, and Tuck. The King Raven series continued his themes of reimagining popular mythology into more authentic and gritty settings, which began with his Pendragon Cycle.
Hood.
Hunted like an animal by Norman invaders, Bran ap Brychan, heir to the throne Elfael, has abandoned his father's kingdom and fled to the greenwood. There, in the primeval forest of the Welsh borders, danger surrounds him—for this woodland is a living, breathing entity with mysterious powers and secrets, and Bran must find a way to make it his own if he is to survive.
The book was dedicated to the Schloss Mittersill Community in Austria, which he and his wife were part of for a couple of years.
Scarlet.
After losing everything he owns, forester Will Scarlet embarks on a search for King Raven, whose exploits have already become legendary. After fulfilling his quest—and proving himself a skilled and loyal companion—Will joins the heroic archer and his men.
However, Scarlet is captured and imprisoned for a crime he did not commit. He is sentenced to death by hanging—unless he delivers King Raven and his band of cohorts. That, of course, he will never do. Simultaneously, Wales is slowly falling under the control of the invading Normans, and King William the Red has given his ruthless barons control of the land. In desperation, the people turn to King Raven and his men for justice and survival in the face of the ever-growing onslaught.
In 2008, "Scarlet" won a Christy Award in the category of Visionary Fiction.
Tuck.
The story of Rhi Bran y Hud concludes as Abbot Hugo and the Norman invaders attempt to wipe out King Raven and his flock once and for all. 
Their merciless attack, the first of many to come, heralds a dark and desperate day for the realm of Elfael. Bran and his few stalwarts desperately need encouragement and reinforcement if they are to survive. Bran and Friar Tuck, a most unconventional priest, ride north to rally the tribes of Wales to the fight, making new friends, and even more powerful enemies along the way.
Tuck, the final installment of the trilogy, was released on January 22, 2009.
Reception.
The Raven King Trilogy has enjoyed a largely positive response from readers, scoring an average of 3.96 out of 5 stars by GoodReads reviewers ("Hood" - 3.86/5 stars, 93% of people like; "Scarlet" - 3.97/5 stars, 96% of people like; "Tuck" - 4.05/5 stars, 96% of people like), and an average of 4.4 out of 5 stars by reviewers on Amazon.com ("Hood" - 4.3/5 stars; "Scarlet" - 4.4/5 stars; "Tuck" - 4.5/5 stars).
"Scarlet" was particularly well-received, winning a Christy Award in 2008 in the "Visionary" category.

</doc>
<doc id="20720023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720023" title="Curtis Keeble">
Curtis Keeble

Sir Herbert Ben Curtis Keeble GCMG (18 September 1922 – 6 December 2008) was a British diplomat and Ambassador to the Soviet Union between 1978 and 1982.
He was born in Chingford in 1922 and attended Clacton County High School before being accepted into Queen Mary, University of London, where he studied Modern Languages. His studies were interrupted by World War II, and he volunteered in 1941, and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Irish Fusiliers on 20 February 1943. He worked as an interpreter on various convoys, including one marked H9 carrying 2000 Russian refugees to Odessa despite the fact that, at the time, he did not speak fluent Russian. It was later revealed that he should have been sent on a course to learn the language beforehand but never was due to a bureaucratic error, and as a result the men were "quite unmanageable" until the convoy reached Naples and a Red Army officer boarded.
Experiences with convoys during the war inspired Keeble to apply to join Her Majesty's Diplomatic Service, and he was accepted in 1947, and posted to Jakarta as acting vice-consul despite the normal requirement for applicants to have a university degree. His main task while serving there was to decipher coded messages arriving from the British ambassador at The Hague, something the staff did with only pencils and cipher books. In 1949 he returned to London, and on 2 March 1949 he formally relinquished his army commission, receiving the honorary rank of captain. In 1951 he was sent to the Berlin British Sector as deputy political advisor. In 1954 he was transferred yet again, this time to Washington to serve in the commercial department and again in 1958 back to London. In 1961 he was appointed head of the department negotiating the entry of Britain into the European Economic Community, something that failed due to clashes with the French. He was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1970 New Year Honours, at the time he was serving at the British High Commission in Australia.
In 1971 he returned to London again as assistant under-secretary and handled negotiations with Iceland during the second Cod War. On 16 January 1974 he was posted again to East Germany as Ambassador, where despite requesting a subdued colour for his official car he was given one that was bright red. According to him this later proved key, however; when Leonid Brezhnev was introduced to the British diplomatic staff he expressed amazement at Keeble's height (5 ft 9in) telling him it did not do justice to his country, but "the situation was rapidly restored by the red Daimler".
He was posted again in 1976 back to London, where he served as Chief Clerk at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. On 28 March 1978 he was posted to Moscow as the British Ambassador to Russia, where he would form close ties with his opposite number, Andrei Gromyko, and he was promoted to Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the Queen's Birthday Honours. He retired in 1982, at which point he was given a tour of a private part of the Kremlin; a mark of the regard the Russians held him in. He was also promoted Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George (GCMG) in the Birthday Honours, and after retirement he continued to be involved in foreign affairs, serving as an adviser to the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee and from 1985 as chairman of the Great Britain-USSR Association. In 1985 he also became a governor of the BBC, and from 1992 he served as chairman of the Foundation for Accountancy and Financial Management.
Personal life.
While serving in World War II, he met his future wife Margaret Fraser, with whom he had three daughters: Suzanne, a doctor; Sally Keeble, a Member of Parliament; and Jane Keeble, who was killed on 12 July 1998 in a car accident.

</doc>
<doc id="20720027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720027" title="Tube tester">
Tube tester

A tube tester is an electronic instrument designed to test certain characteristics of vacuum tubes (thermionic valves). Tube testers evolved along with the vacuum tube to satisfy the demands of the time, and this evolution faded with the tube era, yet with the High-End advent, they became a pricey piece of equipment.
The first tube testers were simple units designed for specific tubes to be used in the battlefields of World War I by radio operators, so they could easily test the tubes of their communication equipment.
Types of tube testers.
Modern testers.
These perform a multitude of the below tests and are fully automated. Examples of modern testers include the Amplitrex AT1000, the Maxi pre-amp tester and the maxi-matcher(power tubes only)by maxi test and the new and somewhat more primitive DIVO VT1000 by Orange Amplification. While the AT1000 and the Maxi-test brand testers offer precise measurements of transconductance/Gm and emissions/iP at full or near full voltages the Orange tester offers a very simple numerical quality scale.
Filament continuity tester.
The simplest one is the "filament continuity tester", usually with a neon lamp connected in series with the filament and a current limiting resistance fed directly by the mains.
Tube checker.
The simplest of all tube testers. Tubes are used as low power rectifier, at a fraction of its normal emission. By mistake referred to as Emission Tester sometimes.
Emission tester.
Next in complexities is the "emission tester", which basically treats any tube as a diode by carefully connecting the cathode to ground, all the grids and plate to B+ voltage, feeding the filament with the correct voltage, and an ammeter in series with either the plate or the cathode. This effectively measures emission, the current which the cathode is capable of emitting, for the given plate voltage, which can usually be controlled by a variable load resistor.
Older testers may call themselves "Plate Conductance" if the ammeter is in series with the plate, or "Cathode Conductance" if the meter is in series with the cathode.
The problems of "emission testers" are:
The advantage of an Emission Tester is, from all types of tube testers available, it gives the most reliable warning for tube wear out. If Emission is at 70%, transconductance can be at 90% still, and gain at 100%. Best and most popular Version used by the German army, is the Funke W19.
The disadvantage of an Emission Tester is, it can test a good tube as bad, and a bad tube as good, because other qualities of the tube are ignored by this type of Tube Tester. In America, Drug Store Tube Testers were very popular, and were intended to make money for their proprietors. Many Tubes were sold that were not needed based on the criteria of Low Emission. A Tube with Low Emission will work perfectly fine in most circuits, and should not be replaced by that indication alone, unless it measures much lower than specified or if it indicates a short.
Short circuit test.
Usually, "emission testers" and better testers have a "short circuit test" which is just a variation of the continuity tester with a neon lamp, and which allows to identify if there is any shortcut between the different electrodes.
Parametrical tester, DC Type.
This tester Applies DC voltage to the Tube under Test, and datasheet values are verified under real conditions. Good examples are Funke W20 and Neuberger RPG375.
Parametrical tester, AC Type.
This tester Applies AC voltage to the Tube under Test, and datasheet values are verified under conditions which simulate DC operation. Most popular are the AVO testers.
Mutual conductance tester.
The "mutual conductance tester" tests the tube dynamically by applying bias and an AC voltage to the control grid, and measuring the current obtained on the plate, while maintaining the correct DC voltages on the plate and screen grid. This setup measures the transconductance of the tube, indicated in micromhos.
Dynamic conductance tester.
The "dynamic conductance tester" is just a variation of the "emission tester" with its implications, where a proportional AC voltage is applied to each electrode. This tester exists thanks to Jackson mainly to avoid infringing the patents of the "mutual conductance tester" held by Hickok Electrical Instrument Company, but obviously do not provide the same measurements.
Oscilloscope tube curve tracer plug-in.
A full set of characteristic curves for vacuum tubes, and later for semiconductor devices, could be displayed on an oscilloscope screen by use of a plug-in adaptor, or on a dedicated curve tracer. An example is the Tektronix 570; this instrument is rare but still sought after, and sells for thousands of US dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="20720046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720046" title="Songs of Joy &amp; Peace">
Songs of Joy &amp; Peace

Songs of Joy and Peace is a Christmas music album by cellist Yo-Yo Ma, released on October 14, 2008. The album features collaborations with many other artists, including vocalists Diana Krall & Alison Krauss, bassist John Clayton, pianist Dave Brubeck, cellist Matt Brubeck, clarinetist Paquito D'Rivera, trumpeter Chris Botti, pianist Billy Childs, bassist Robert Hurst, drummer Billy Kilson, and guitarist Romero Lubambo, bassist Edgar Meyer, bassist Nilson Matta, mandolinist Chris Thile, vocalist Renée Fleming, Celtic fiddler Natalie MacMaster, harpist Marta Cook, saxophonist Joshua Redman, piper Cristina Pato, vocalist James Taylor, the Assad Family, ukulele virtuoso Jake Shimabukuro, and Wu Tong & the Silk Road Ensemble.
Track listing.
"All songs traditional except as noted."

</doc>
<doc id="20720070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720070" title="Conservatory of Music, University of the Pacific">
Conservatory of Music, University of the Pacific

The Conservatory of Music (COM) is one of seven schools and colleges at University of the Pacific. It is located on the school’s main campus in Stockton, California.
COM is the first accredited professional music school on the west coast and a charter member of the National Association of Schools of Music (1928). It offers 11 different degree programs, all of which are accredited by the National Association of Schools of Music.
History.
The School of Music was first formed on Pacific's campus in 1878 with 32 students registered. By the 1880s, the school's catalog began listing specific admission requirements for music and awarded its first bachelor of music degrees. A theory of composition degree was added later, with the first student graduating in 1909. Shortly after Pacific's move to its Stockton campus in 1924, the School of Music, renamed the Conservatory of Music, became a member of the National Association of Schools of Music. It continued to expand its degree offerings, adding a music therapy program in 1946 (O'Connell, 1990) and an accredited Bachelor's degree in Music Management in 1983.
Facilities.
The conservatory has five main buildings: Faye Spanos Concert Hall, Recital Hall, Rehearsal Hall, Buck Hall, and Owen Hall.
Faye Spanos, the main building in the conservatory, houses a 870-seat concert hall, practice rooms, faculty offices, and the conservatory administration. Built in 1927, it was renovated in 1988 and was seen in one of the Indiana Jones movies.
The 115-seat Recital Hall is a smaller performance space used for student recitals and master classes.
The 2 rehearsal rooms in the Rehearsal Center are used for band and choral rehearsals. This building also includes one faculty office and the band and orchestra music libraries.
Most of the conservatory’s classes meet in Buck Hall, which includes four classrooms, a conference room, and private studios for many of the faculty. It also includes a 5.1 surround sound system for use in composing and analyzing film music. 
Owen Hall houses practice rooms, a digital recording studio, and a computer lab with 19 Apple computers with a variety of software, including Logic Pro 7, Sibelius, Final Cut Studio 2, Photoshop and Dreamweaver. .
The administration office and rehearsal space for the Brubeck Institute Jazz Quintet is located in the Burns Tower.
Degrees.
COM offers several undergraduate and graduate degrees in the following concentrations:
Statistics.
Enrollment in the conservatory is around 230 students- about 90% undergraduate and 10% graduate. Around 75% of students come from California; other states represented include Hawaii, Oregon, Alaska, Washington, Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Florida, West Virginia, New Jersey, and New York. International students in the Conservatory come from countries including Japan, China, Korea, and Taiwan.
Student organizations.
The following organizations have chapters within the Conservatory:
The conservatory also has a Conservatory Student Senate.
External links.
Calendar of Events

</doc>
<doc id="20720079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720079" title="Trivia arctica">
Trivia arctica

Trivia arctica, the northern cowrie, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triviidae, the trivias.
This is a similar species to "Trivia monacha" and often occurs in the same areas.
The name "Trivia" means "common" and the word "arctica" means "of the arctic".
Distribution.
This species occurs from the Mediterranean Sea to the Orkney islands north of Scotland and Norway. It is more common in the north.
In the British Isles the shells are known as "cowries", except in Caithness, Orkney and Shetland where they are called Groatie Buckies. In the Isles of Scilly the shell is referred to as a Guinea Money.
Habitat.
This species usually lives below low tide, in other words is sublittoral, but the empty shells of this species are often washed up onto beaches. In its northern range is found at depths of 100 m and in it southern range at depths up to 1000 m.
Description.
The shell is glossy and lemon-shaped, with 20-30 transverse ridges. The upper part of the shell is a uniform very pale brown in color; there are no pigment spots present on the shell, but sometimes there are dots on the mantle of the animal.
The shell length is up to a maximum of about 10 mm and a width of about 8 mm.
The mantle is covered with many papillae. It has a light colour in deeper waters, but becomes darker between tide marks. The foot is light yellow or light orange. The admedian teeth of the radula have denticles. The penis is flat and broad. 
The larvae have a light stomach and intestine. In the veliger stage they have a four-lobed "velum" (a structure used for swimming and particulate food collection) with very long lobes.
Life habits.
This snail lives among and feeds on compound ascidians, including "Botryllus schlosseri". They often occur together with "Trivia monacha". The breeding season is autumn, winter and early spring.
Note on differentiating the species.
Both "Trivia arctica" and "Trivia monacha" were considered to be two forms of the same species until 1925, when A. J. Peile published a paper in the "Proceedings of the Malacological Society" differentiating the two. It is now known that the larvae of the two species are readily distinguishable. 
The Linnaean name "Trivia europea", now lapsed, referred to the supposed single species. Linnaeus himself mentioned two kinds: "Cypraea europea" and "Cypraea anglica", but these terms were intended as a geographical distinction, and are not accepted as species names today.
Use as ornaments during the Stone age.
Large amount of trivia shell ornaments consisting of "Trivia arctica" and "Trivia monacha" have been excavated in Stone Age burials from northwestern France (Brittany), dating back to c. 5000–7000 BC. They are some of the earliest European examples of false cowrie shells used in necklaces and ornaments, for the most part associated with male skeletons. While the trivia genus superficially resembles the true ribbed cowries from the tropics, the two species are not closely related. However, these shells are sometimes called "cowries" in the British Isles, but are more widely known as "false cowries".

</doc>
<doc id="20720107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720107" title="Gordon Briscoe">
Gordon Briscoe

Dr Gordon Briscoe AO (born in 1938) is an Indigenous Australian academic and activist. He is also a former association football player.
Early life.
Born in Alice Springs, Northern Territory, Australia, Briscoe is descended from the Marduntjara and Pitjantjatjara nations of Central Australia. As a boy he was removed from his mother as a child and was educated at St Francis House in Adelaide.
Activism.
He was involved in the establishment in New South Wales of the Aboriginal Progress Association in the 1950s, the Aboriginal Legal Service in the 1960s and the Aboriginal Medical Service
in 1972.
Academia.
In 1981 he began his academic career with the Australian National University. His focus is on Indigenous history and was involved in the production of the SBS documentary "First Australians".
Soccer.
After playing state league for Adelaide Croatia alongside Charles Perkins and John Moriarty, Briscoe moved to England in 1958 with the hope of playing professional football. He had stints at Barnet and Preston North End (although he did not make a first team appearance), before returning to Australia at the suggestion of his former schoolmate and teammate Perkins.
Gordon Briscoe, as well as Charlie Perkins and John Moriarty, later played recreational Soccer football with the Australian National University Soccer Club from 1968 to about 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20720108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720108" title="Gerra servosa">
Gerra servosa

G. servosa is a species of moth from the genus Gerra.

</doc>
<doc id="20720114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720114" title="Vic Wilk">
Vic Wilk

Vic Wilk (born August 30, 1960) is an American professional golfer
Junior golf.
Wilk is a three time Junior World Golf Championships winning titles in 1969, 1971 and 1973 in two different age divisions. He was one of the dominant junior players in Southern California winning over 100 tournaments by age 17. He was also a state ranked junior tennis player.
College years.
Wilk was a four time Division II All American and won the NCAA Division II Championship in 1982. He attended California State University, Northridge and was inducted into the CSUN sports Hall of Fame in 1990.
Professional career.
Wilk's pro career has spanned over 21 years playing events in 18 countries. His most notable win came at the 1993 NIKE Knoxville Open. Other notable wins include the 2002 Nevada Open and the 1991 Ft McMurray Rotary Classic on the Canadian Tour. 
Wilk lives in Las Vegas with his wife and daughter.
Instructor.
Wilk has established himself as a top golf instructor in Nevada having trained under Mac O'Grady, Greg McHatton, Hank Johnson, Paul Runyan and Stan Utley.
Other interests.
Wilk was also a model and child actor during his adolescent years and appeared in several films and popular TV commercials during the 1970s.
Consultant.
Wilk has been a consultant for the Traditional rules of golf (TRGA) and has been a contributing author and part of the TRGA brain trust.

</doc>
<doc id="20720118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720118" title="Hasta la vista, baby">
Hasta la vista, baby

"Hasta la vista, baby" is a catchphrase associated with Arnold Schwarzenegger's title character from the 1991 science fiction thriller film "".
Origin.
The term "Hasta la vista" is a Spanish farewell that can be literally translated as "Until the (next) sighting" and means "See you later" and "Goodbye". This term, with the added word "baby" - "Hasta la vista, baby" - was used in the popular hit song from 1987, "Looking for a New Love" by Grammy Award winner Jody Watley. It was also used in the 1988 Tone Lōc single "Wild Thing". The use of the term in "" immortalized it as a popular catchphrase worldwide.
"Terminator 2: Judgment Day".
"Hasta la vista, baby" became a world-famous catchphrase when it was used in the 1991 film "", which was written by James Cameron and William Wisher Jr. The phrase is featured in an exchange between the film's characters John Connor (Edward Furlong) and The Terminator (Arnold Schwarzenegger):
John Connor: No, no, no, no. You gotta listen to the way people talk. You don't say "affirmative", or some shit like that. You say "no problemo". And if someone comes on to you with an attitude you say "eat me". And if you want to shine them on it's "hasta la vista, baby".<br>
The Terminator: Hasta la vista, baby.
The Terminator says the phrase again prior to shattering the frozen T-1000 with a gunshot.
In the Spanish language version of the film, the phrase was dubbed as "Sayonara, baby" to preserve its humorous nature among Spanish speaking audiences.
Politics.
Schwarzenegger has since used the phrase during public speeches as part of his political career. During the 1992 Republican primaries, Pat Buchanan challenged President George H. W. Bush for the nomination. Schwarzenegger joined George Bush in New Hampshire and urged voters to send Pat Buchanan a message: "Hasta la vista, baby." 
On October 7, 2003, Schwarzenegger was elected in recall election Governor of California. "The Michigan Daily" titled its article "Voters bid 'hasta la vista' to Davis". 
On November 17, 2008, Schwarzenegger said in an interview on CNN: “There are so many different challenges California has — it’s the greatest state in the greatest country in the world. Hasta la vista, baby!” 
In 2008, Schwarzenegger met with Chilean president Michelle Bachelet during her state visit to California. Bachelet closed her public speech with the phrase "Hasta la vista" and imitated Schwarzenegger's accent.
Other usage.
The phrase was also used in the Bollywood movie "Main Hoon Na", which went on to become one of the biggest blockbusters of 2004. It also appeared in the "Rugrats" episode "Angelica Breaks a Leg", in which Angelica impersonates the phrase before being sent away by Didi. It was also the title of the live album "" recorded by U2 in 1997. The album's title comes from Schwarzenegger's catchphrase. It has also been used as a title for songs and albums of several other bands, as well as being the title of a criminal novel () written by Tatiana Polakowa (ISBN 5-699-09657-4). This book was translated into Polish and edited in 2008 (ISBN 978-83-60192-81-8). This phrase was also used in a Telugu movie, "Billa". It is also used as the title of a song in the movie "Camp Rock". It is also referred by Raven in the fourth season of That's So Raven when Arnold's former wife Maria Shriver makes a guest appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20720119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720119" title="Mohanbir Sawhney">
Mohanbir Sawhney

Mohanbir Sawhney (born 1963) is a noted management consultant, author and academic. He is the McCormick Tribune Professor of Technology at the Kellogg School of Management. He is an adviser to several large organizations on e-commerce strategies. 
Personal life and education.
Sawhney was born in West Bengal, India.
He holds a Ph.D. in marketing from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania; an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management Calcutta; and a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, New Delhi.
Sawhney is married to Parminder and they have four children, Haki and Bundev, and daughters Sunaina and Asha.
Career.
Sawhney is a professor at Northwestern University. He became popular after publishing a seminal article, "Lets get vertical" published in Business 2.0 Magazine.
He co-authored Innovation capitalist, an innovation intermediary.
He gives talks around the world, advising companies on their online strategies.

</doc>
<doc id="20720122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720122" title="Sudhir Ranjan Majumdar">
Sudhir Ranjan Majumdar

Late Sudhir Ranjan Majumdar (1934 – January 4, 2009) was the Chief Minister of Tripura in India from February 5, 1988 to February 19, 1992. 

</doc>
<doc id="20720125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720125" title="Léon Vanderkindere">
Léon Vanderkindere

Léon Vanderkindere (22 February 1842–9 November 1906) was a Belgian historian, academic and politician.
Vanderkindere was born in Sint-Jans-Molenbeek into a wealthy middle-class family. His father, Albert Vanderkindere, was a Liberal politician. Albert had been a member of the provincial assembly of the province of Brabant from 1844 to 1850 and from 1854 to his death in 1859, and was mayor of Molenbeek from 1842 to 1848, and then of Ukkel, where the family moved, from 1854.
Léon Vanderkindere was a professor at the Université Libre de Bruxelles, a member of the Royal Academy. Like his father he was active in Liberal politics and served as mayor of Ukkel from 1900 until his death in 1906. A square and a street in Ukkel are named for him. 

</doc>
<doc id="20720130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720130" title="Randy Chestnut">
Randy Chestnut

Randall Jay Chestnut is an American stand-up comedian, writer, and actor. 
He is noted for his wide-ranging subject matter, physicality, and sarcasm. Among other topics, he often focuses on American politics. Once, when asked what he'd do if he were mayor of Madison, Wisconsin, he replied, I'd do photo ops with Marilyn Manson and underprivileged children while my contributors continued to dump toxic waste in the rivers of Third World nations, then go home and do lines off the bare back of my 19-year-old Malaysian concubine. You know, like a real politician. Throughout his career, his material has also focused on his support of LGBT rights and his criticism of religion.
Early life and career.
Randy Chestnut was born in Dallas, Texas in 1971. His early years were spent moving from state to state, living in Texas, Massachusetts, Maine, Florida, and Wisconsin. After graduating from high school in Baraboo, Wisconsin in 1989, he spent his late teens and early twenties moving from job to job before trying his hand at comedy. Beginning his career in Madison, Wisconsin at the Funny Business Comedy Club - later called The Comedy Club On State - Chestnut spent nearly two years as an amateur, honing his stagecraft and developing his material. When asked, Chestnut claims his comedy is imported at great expense from a left-handed cobbler in Sussex, England, who answers to the name "King Cat Crocodile, Hector The Fuel Injector." In reality, he writes his own, although his early material was co-written with a fellow comedian. The two ceased writing together once it became clear their respective styles were growing apart and becoming more and more distinct. 
By 1999, he had grown as a performer, and won his first and only comedy competition. Although he was voted Funniest Person In Madison (Wisconsin) in 1999, he found the experience distasteful, and avoids competitions to this day. Also in 1999, Chestnut was invited to perform in the first of two "Comics Come Home" special events sponsored by Charter Communications and Comedy Central, the proceeds of which were to benefit the Chris Farley Foundation. The second invitation came in 2000. Other performers included Bob Saget, Jim Breuer, Victoria Jackson, Tom Arnold, Kevin Farley, John P. Farley, Tim Kazurinsky, and Sue Murphy.
Post–September 11, 2001–2008.
Trouble began for Chestnut when his criticism and jokes about President George W. Bush and the Bush administration met with increasingly hostile responses from American audiences due to a post-9/11 rise in nationalism. Combined with failing comedy clubs due to a declining economy, his unwavering, negative critiques led to a decline in bookings. Chestnut admits to being antagonistic and inflammatory, and includes stories of altercations with audience members in his act. He persevered, however, and swinging public opinion due to popular disenchantment with the Occupation of Iraq once again made him a sought-after comedian.
In May 2004, Chestnut recorded his first CD at The Comedy Club On State, entitled "I Was Funny... Now Pay Me", written and performed by himself, and produced by Austin Katt. A series of delays kept the CD from being released, including the suicide of close friend Eric Harnisch. Chestnut was devastated by the loss, and canceled shows in order to help lay his friend to rest. He helped plan the wake and funeral, hosted the wake, was a pallbearer, and wrote Harnisch's epitaph, His wit was exceeded only by his intelligence, his intelligence only by his selflessness, his selflessness only by his kindness, his kindness only by his extraordinary life, and his life only by those he touched with it. Further delays in releasing the CD were created when conflicts arose between Chestnut and several comedy booking agents over cancellations due to the sudden loss of his close friend. Eventually, he decided that the CD "I Was Funny... Now Pay Me" had grown too old - the material too dated - for mass release. 
Things grew worse for Chestnut in early 2005 when he developed shingles and the rare postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) complication. The chronic pain due to PHN limited him in his ability to perform, and he was eventually forced to take on a day job to maintain the health insurance necessary to cover the medical expenses that had nearly ruined him financially. He spent 2005 and 2006 in and out of the comedy circuit.
In mid-2008, he again took a hiatus from comedy to look after his wife and his two stepchildren after his wife had a hysterectomy.
Personal life.
In 2008, he married Noelle Cedarleaf, just days before her hysterectomy. The two had met online in 2006. Along with his wife, Chestnut also inherited two stepchildren, Gabriel and Samara.
In addition to PHN, Chestnut suffers from sleep apnea. He is being treated for both.
Religion, politics, and social commentary.
In his act, Chestnut often expresses his contempt for religion in all forms. While he claims to believe in a god in his act, it is unclear what form or function is expressed in that belief, or if the claim is even true. He was raised as a Roman Catholic, and is particularly contemptuous of the Catholic Church.
Much of his political material is harshly critical of Republican and neoconservative ideas, in addition to promoting largely liberal ideas, despite claiming to be both nonpartisan and equally disdainful of liberals and Democrats. He is also fiercely anti-corporate in his act.
Chestnut is also noted for his scathing attacks on the Blue Collar Comedy phenomena, claiming that it is destroying the art of stand-up comedy and "dumbing down" American audiences. These attacks are part of a larger complaint by Chestnut that, in his opinion, America is being and/or has been "dumbed down" by corporate propaganda, and he often lists his comedy influences as examples of what is "right" with stand-up comedy.
Recent events.
As of December 2008, Chestnut has begun to return to touring full-time as a stand-up comedian.

</doc>
<doc id="20720141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720141" title="Tweeter (disambiguation)">
Tweeter (disambiguation)

A tweeter is a loudspeaker designed to produce high frequencies, including:
Tweeter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20720156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720156" title="Critique (journal)">
Critique (journal)

Critique: A worldwide student journal of politics is an online, peer-reviewed academic journal on political science published by Illinois State University's Department of Politics and Government. The journal publishes scholarly papers written by undergraduate and graduate students worldwide. It releases a spring and fall edition each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20720210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720210" title="Elmore Court">
Elmore Court

Elmore Court is a grade II listed mansion, located at Elmore in the Stroud district of Gloucestershire, England. The original building dates from between 1564 and 1588. 
The house has been the family seat of the Guise Baronets for nearly 800 years, first granted by John De Burg with the rent set at "One clove of Gillyflower" each year.
The current owner, Anselm Guise, inherited the estate from his uncle in 2007, with the Baronetcy going to Anselm's father, Sir Christopher James Guise. 
In 2008 and 2011, Elmore Court was the subject of a Channel 4 television programme presented by hotelier Ruth Watson as part of her "Country House Rescue" series.
In February 2013, Anselm Guise's plans for a new function room called The Gillyflower at Elmore Court featured in the BBC2 TV programme, "The Planners".
Elmore Court and The Gillyflower are set to open for weddings and events in November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20720225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720225" title="Aegoceropsis fervida">
Aegoceropsis fervida

Aegoceropsis fervida is a species of moth from the genus "Aegoceropsis" and is found in Mozambique, Zaire and southern Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20720247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720247" title="Samir Ranjan Barman">
Samir Ranjan Barman

Samir Ranjan Barman was the Chief Minister of Tripura in India from 19.2.92 to 10.3.93 . He is the father of the current legislator from Agartala Constituency Sri Sudip Roy Barman. He contested from Bishalgarh in the Assembly elections of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20720250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720250" title="Billion Dollar Boner">
Billion Dollar Boner

Billion Dollar Boner is the 96th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on January 5, 1960, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20720306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720306" title="Christopher Debenham">
Christopher Debenham

Christopher Debenham (born 4 April 1953) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Hertfordshire. He was born in St Albans.
Debenham, who represented Hertfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1975 and 1977, made a single List A appearance for the side, in the 1977 Gillette Cup. He scored 3 runs from the upper-middle order.

</doc>
<doc id="20720307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720307" title="Stuart Cradock">
Stuart Cradock

Stuart Cradock (born 14 September 1949) was an English cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler, he played for Hertfordshire. He was born in Hertford.
Cradock, who represented Hertfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1973 and 1980, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1976 season. From the tailend, Cradock scored three not out with the bat, and conceded 35 runs from 12 overs with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20720308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720308" title="William Burgoyne">
William Burgoyne

William Burgoyne (born 28 October 1942) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in Windsor.
Burgoyne made his debut for Berkshire in a World Cup warm-up match against the Sri Lankans, though his Minor Counties debut followed six weeks later.
Burgoyne played in the Minor Counties Championship for two seasons, and played in his only List A match during the 1976 season, against Hertfordshire. He scored 0 not out with the bat, and took figures of 0-25 from 11 overs with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20720309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720309" title="Alexander Mahoney">
Alexander Mahoney

Alexander Mahoney (born 30 January 1947) was a New Zealand cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and slow left-arm bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in Invercargill.
Mahoney, whose career began with two Hawke Cup appearances for Southland in 1973/74, played for Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1975 and 1976. He picked up his County Cap in 1975.
Mahoney's sole List A appearance came in the 1976 Gillette Cup, against Hertfordshire. From the lower order, he scored a duck, but picked up figures of 4-32 from 12 overs with the ball, the best batting figures for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20720311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720311" title="Josephburg, Alberta">
Josephburg, Alberta

Josephburg is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within Strathcona County. It is located on Highway 830, east of Fort Saskatchewan. It is in close proximity to Alberta's Industrial Heartland, home to petrochemical industries.
This farming community was once home to several businesses, including a Case dealership, UFA, coffee shop, hardware store and general store.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Josephburg had a population of 142 living in 59 of its 67 total dwellings, a -7.8% change from its 2006 population of 154. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
The population of Josephburg according to Strathcona County's 2009 municipal census is 239.

</doc>
<doc id="20720320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720320" title="Radhika Ranjan Gupta">
Radhika Ranjan Gupta

Radhika Ranjan Gupta (died 15 May 1998) was an Indian National Congress leader and the Chief Minister of Tripura in India from 26 July 1977 to 4 November 1977. On 26 July 1977, he, as the leader of a short-lived coalition between the Janata Party and the left, became the fourth Chief Minister of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="20720341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720341" title="Old Enough to Know Better (song)">
Old Enough to Know Better (song)

"Old Enough to Know Better" is the title of a debut single co-written and recorded by American country music singer Wade Hayes. It was released in November 1994 as the first single and title track from his debut album "Old Enough to Know Better", as well as his debut single. The song is also his only Number One hit, having reached its peak on the "Billboard" country charts in February of that year. It was written by Hayes and Chick Rains.
Content.
"Old Enough to Know Better" is a moderate up-tempo that begins with a fiddle solo. The male narrator tells of how a lifestyle of nighttime partying leaves him short on money and criticized by his boss. The narrator then concludes that he is "old enough to know better, but still too young to care".
Reception.
Alanna Nash of "Entertainment Weekly", in her review of the album, called the song "a born-to-win dance number", and Charlotte Dillon of Allmusic called it "an impressive honky-tonk ".
Chart positions.
"Old Enough to Know Better" debuted at number 64 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of November 19, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20720427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720427" title="Vangelis Ploios">
Vangelis Ploios

Vangelis Ploios (, born November 13, 1937 in Peristeri, Greece) is a Greek theatrical, film and television actor.
Biography.
He was born in Peristeri northwest of Athens on November 13, 1937. He studied classic ballet at Elli Zouroudi's school. He made his first role in 1953 in the stage of the "Rex" Theatre in a dancing drama with Elli Zouroudi. He enrolled into the hypocritic by Dimitris Rontiris and phonetic studies and with Joseph Ritsiardis.
In 1956 he acquired his money and drilled as an actor into the outer talend and began his theatrical career.
Between 1998 and 1999, he entered the cycle of theatrical route at the Irodeio with the comedy of Aristophanes.
He also acted in all the roles, proses, operettas, variety, film and television.
In 1978, he entered the Gounaraki-Baxter school and directed "Peace" by Aristophanes (with a children's production by Sofia Zarabouka) and roles with Lilliputian students at that school. His representation realized at the Akropol theatre with great success.
During the era, his direction worked himself into theatre and in film, with all the large and worthy artists of the time and had a brotherly role and actor Dinos Iliopoulos.
He acted for many years with the theatrical company Vasilis Bournellis at the Akropol (Ippokratous), Bournelli (Alexandras Avenue) and Ethnikos Kipos (Syntagma (Constitution) Square).
He toured across Greece with his own company along with other companies as basically stock. He also toured in Cyprus and Egypt.
His recent television appearance with great success in "Sto para pente".
He is married with the actress Ria Deloutsi since 1970 and raised a child Georgios Ploios. In April 2007, Georgos raised Vangelakis, Jr. which is also his grandson.
Career.
As a reviewer.
He participated in many other roles inside and outside Greece
He took part in the International Showbiz Raptis at the Anatolia Theatre in Thessaloniki, next to the international renown Spanish theatre and film star Sarita Montiel (famous in Greece in the movie "La Violetera")
Filmography.
He also participated in many video and TV movies with Kostas Voutsas, Rena Vlachopoulou, Panos Michalopoulos, Giannis Gkionakis, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20720437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720437" title="Alan Bell (cricketer)">
Alan Bell (cricketer)

Alan Bell was an English cricketer who played for Hertfordshire.
Bell, who represented Hertfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1957 and 1967, made a single List A appearance for the side, in the 1966 Gillette Cup.
Bell scored 105 runs from the opening order in the only innings in which he batted in List A cricket - though this century was not enough to save the team from defeat in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20720454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720454" title="Kenyon-Wanamingo High School">
Kenyon-Wanamingo High School

Kenyon-Wanamingo High School is a high school in Kenyon, Minnesota, United States.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Kenyon-Wanamingo fields teams in baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, football, golf, softball, track and field, volleyball,cross country, and wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="20720472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720472" title="Jan Slepian">
Jan Slepian

Jan Slepian (born January 2, 1921) is an author of books for children and young adults. Born Janice Berek in New York City, she obtained a degree in psychology at Brooklyn College, later doing graduate work in clinical psychology and speech pathology at the University of Washington in Seattle. She worked as a speech therapist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston and before embarking on a writing career. 
With co-author Ann Seidler, she published several illustrated books in a series called the "The Listen-Hear Books". Titles included "The Hungry Thing", "The Hungry Thing Returns" and "The Hungry Thing Goes to a Restaurant": all three are for young readers and teach about phonemic awareness; they also co-authored "The Cat Who Wore a Pot on Her Head", "Alfie and the Dream Machine" and several other titles.
Some of her books deal with mental disability, including "The Alfred Summer" (1980) "Lester's Turn" (1981) (both of which feature the voice of a child afflicted by cerebral palsy) and "Risk n' Roses" (1990). 
Books for adolescent readers include "The Night of the Bozos" (1983), "The Broccoli Tapes" (1989), "Pinocchio's Sister" (1995), "Mind Reader" (1997) and "Emily Just in Time" (1998).
Her husband was the noted mathematician David Slepian.
Her 2009 book, "Astonishment: Life in the slow lane" (ISBN 0-557-04914-8), self-published when she was 88, is a collection of twenty brief essays on aging and life in a retirement community. In 2010, Laura Ekstrand, artistic director of Dreamcatcher Repertory Theater in South Orange, adapted the work into a stage production which was subsequently performed at various venues in New Jersey. In 2012, Slepian published a follow-up to "Astonishment" called "How to Be Old". 

</doc>
<doc id="20720502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720502" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1909–1915">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1909–1915

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1909 and 1915. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20720505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720505" title="List of amphibians of Michigan">
List of amphibians of Michigan

Michigan, one of the fifty United States, is home to twelve species of frogs, twelve species of salamanders and two species of toads, all members of the class Amphibia. One species, Blanchard's cricket frog, is considered to be threatened and two species, the marbled salamander and small-mouthed salamander, are considered endangered – these are protected under the Endangered Species Act of the State of Michigan. Two more species, the boreal chorus frog and Western lesser siren, are considered to be of special concern, although they not protected under the act. There are no amphibians native to Michigan that are included in the federal Endangered Species Act.
Of over 3400 species of frogs and toads worldwide the majority live in the tropics. However, Michigan's species live where it is often cold, necessitating adaptions to freezing weather due to their ectothermic (cold-blooded) nature. Most frogs and toads become dormant in the winter; some frogs can withstand short periods of freezing conditions, but this is not true of all species, or even all species that are native to Michigan. Some species of salamanders also hibernate during the winter, while other fully aquatic species remain active throughout the year. Amphibians are vulnerable to many types of human encroachment, including water pollution, automobiles, the destruction of wetlands through farming and the use of off-road vehicles and the use of chemical pesticides. In Michigan, wetlands protection legislation is in place to prevent pollution and destruction, while additional wetlands are being reclaimed and restored after agricultural usage has ceased.
Amphibian habitats in Michigan are generally split into four regions: the northern and southern Lower Peninsula and the eastern and western Upper Peninsula, with differentiations based on climate, soils, underlying bedrock and glacially-derived landforms. Region one, the southern Lower Peninsula, is generally characterized by a warmer, less variable climate. Loam and clay soils dominate the region, with a lesser amount of sand, and deciduous hardwoods are the dominant tree species, with some natural prairies and savannas. There is a greater diversity of plant life in this region, and it includes plant and animal species that are not found in any of the other regions. Region two, the northern Lower Peninsula, has a climate that is cooler and more variable, with greater precipitation, due to its proximity to the Great Lakes, more extensive uplands and more northern latitude. Sandy soils and glacial deposits are the dominant soil type, while forests of conifer or mixed conifer/hardwood predominate. Swamps and bogs are found more often in region two than region one. Region three, the eastern Upper Peninsula, has a climate profile similar to region two. Sand and clay dominate the soil of this region, and tend to be low in nutrients and poorly drained. There are extensive wetlands, dominated by coniferous forests, while upland areas provide mixed conifer/broadleaf hardwood tracts. Region four, the western Upper Peninsula, provides extensive bedrock structures. The temperature is less moderate than in the other three regions, and can see frigid winters and hot summers. Mixed conifer/broadleaf forests again predominate.

</doc>
<doc id="20720510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720510" title="János Négyesy">
János Négyesy

János Négyesy (or "Négyesy János", as should be written in Hungarian) was a Hungarian violinist with a particular interest in contemporary music. He performed world premieres of numerous works, the first two books of the Freeman Etudes (etudes I–XVI and XVII–XXXII) by American composer John Cage among others. He was also the first European violinist who recorded the complete Violin and Piano Sonatas of Charles Ives (with pianist Cornelius Cardew). He is the author of a teaching and reference book on violin techniques, which was commissioned after he met Pierre Boulez at IRCAM in 1976. In 1979, he joined the faculty of the University of California at San Diego.
He is also known for his computer paintings. He began doing these artworks after moving to San Diego, California.
Biography.
János Négyesy was born in Budapest, Hungary on September 13, 1938 and died on December 20, 2013. His father was taken by the Nazis to a concentration camp, from where he never returned. He got his first violin at the age of four, and only six months later he gave his first public concert at his school. According to him, this was the moment when he decided to became a violinist. He later became a student of Ferenc Gábriel at the Liszt Ferenc Academy of Music of Budapest, who introduced him to Tibor Varga, a former student of Gábriel before World War II. After receiving an invitation in 1965, Négyesy moved to Detmold and continued his studies with Varga. From 1970 to 1974 he served as concert master of the Radio Berlin Orchestra, which was led by Lorin Maazel at the time. In 1976 he was invited by French composer Pierre Boulez to IRCAM for a week of performances. This invitation resulted in a commission for Négyesy to write a book on violin techniques.
In 1979, while staying in Lisboa he received a phone call at 3 a.m. asking him if he would join the Music Department at UCSD. Later it turned out that this call changed his life: as of 2012, he is an active teacher at UCSD. It was there in San Diego where he met Finnish violinist Päivikki Nykter, a former student of his, who became his wife in 1993. During the past decades they made several recordings together, the complete violin duos of Béla Bartók and compositions dedicated to them, among others.
There are several composers who dedicated pieces to Négyesy (probably the most notable is One6 by John Cage) including Attila Bozay, Carlos Fariñas, Vinko Globokar, Georg Hajdu, Roger Reynolds, Robert Wittinger and Isang Yun. He also has notable recordings of pieces of composers like John Cage, Morton Feldman or Kaija Saariaho. Recently he also became regarded as a master of Max Mathews' electronic violin.
János Negesy died on Friday, December 20, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20720542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720542" title="Winky, Blinky, and Noddy">
Winky, Blinky, and Noddy

Winky, Blinky, and Noddy are a trio of fictional comic book characters, created by writer Gardner Fox and artist E.E. Hibbard, who first appeared in books starring the Flash. Their names were taken from Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.
History.
Winky Moylan, Blinky Boylan, and Noddy Toylan were designed to be comic relief for the Flash, and were patterned after The Three Stooges. The comic books frequently referred to them as the "Three Idiots", the "Three Numbskulls", the "Three Dopes", or, most often, the "Three Dimwits".
They first appeared in "All-Flash" #5 (1942), as incompetent small-time criminals working for a crooked stable owner. After the Flash captured the stable owner, the three henchmen decided to move on to more benign pursuits. The trio wandered from job to job, usually getting into trouble or causing it, and the Flash would always get involved.
The Three Dimwits appeared in "All-Flash" until issue #29 (1947), and in "All-American Comics" from issue #73 (1946) to #82 (1947). Their appearances in "Flash Comics" began in issue #46 (October, 1943) and ended in #79 (January, 1947), and they were seen in "Comic Cavalcade" from issue #4 (Fall, 1943) to #18 (December/January, 1947).
Thirteen years later, in 1960, they appeared in "Flash" #117, with no explanation as to why they were present, and met Silver-Age Flash. It is claimed they have a combined I.Q of 150. Despite the promise that they would appear again on a regular basis, negative reader reaction to this amusing conceptual mistake decided otherwise.
In "Flash" vol. 2, #161 (2000), the trio appeared in a flashback that explained why they had disappeared: they had stumbled across a sack full of money and retired to the Caribbean.
In "" #2 (2009), while volunteering as night guards at Flash Museum, they were killed by an unknown assailant who steals the Cosmic Treadmill. Jay investigates the trio's demise.

</doc>
<doc id="20720576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720576" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1972">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1972

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1972 Australian federal election. The election was held on 2 December 1972.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
Queensland.
A special election was held in Queensland to fill the casual vacancy caused by the resignation of Liberal Senator Dame Annabelle Rankin. Neville Bonner, also of the Liberal Party, had been appointed to the vacancy in the interim period.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested the special Queensland Senate election.

</doc>
<doc id="20720583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720583" title="Adrian Cole">
Adrian Cole

Adrian Cole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20720589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720589" title="Dirt Room">
Dirt Room

"Dirt Room" was the first single from alternative rock band Blue October's fifth studio album, "Approaching Normal". The song was released to digital outlet stores on December 23, 2008 and to radio on January 13, 2009. An acoustic version of the song was included on the band's album "".
Music video.
The music video premiered on Yahoo! Music on January 27, 2009 and was directed by Kevin Kerslake. It is centered around a robber (played by frontman Justin Furstenfeld) who is captured by his attempted victim. He is tied up and the captor threatens him with premature burial. At the end of the video he is placed in an open grave and viewed by a great deal of people, including two police officers. These scenes are intercut with footage of the band playing the song in the living room of the captor's house. The music video shows Justin burning a hundred dollar bill with the initials, "M.R." clearly displayed to the camera before the flames erupt. Justin has admitted 
Meaning discussed.
During the hushed period, Furstenfeld told Music Interviews Now: "That song is about not being a passive idiot anymore and not letting people take advantage of you anymore just because of who you are. I wouldn't say that we're famous… we are just normal people that get put on TV and stuff. That is just who we are… so if that makes us famous like the E! Entertainment crap, that's not us. People want to see you in that part and think you are rich, and they start to come out of the wood work…and they start asking for things over and over again, and that song's about just taking it too far. There was an incident that happened, I can't even talk about it… but I took care of it, wrote the song, and that's my revenge. I use my words as weapons. No one will take advantage of my family again. I usually do all the writing and on this new album everyone did some writing and it was really special to me."
In a later interview, Justin was able to be more candid about the song's true meaning. But that song really brought out this more confidence side of me and not the, ‘Oh hate me because I am bad’ side – I don’t do drugs anymore and I don’t f*ck with that stuff, I have a daughter now so if anybody wants to take food off of her plate then they are going to have to come straight through me whether it be verbally, and I hope not physically because I try to teach self-expression instead of physical violence! You know?"

</doc>
<doc id="20720598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720598" title="Pistol Packin' Woodpecker">
Pistol Packin' Woodpecker

"Pistol Packin' Woodpecker" is the 97th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 2, 1960, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20720625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720625" title="Red Canyon (Fremont County, Wyoming)">
Red Canyon (Fremont County, Wyoming)

Red Canyon is a canyon located in Fremont County, Wyoming in the United States of America. The uplift of the nearby Wind River Range 60 million years ago exposed sedimentary rocks that were eroded by streams. The canyon exposes a number of geologic formations including the Phosphoria Formation from the Permian Period and the Chugwater Formation from the Triassic Period. Oxidized iron deposits in the rocks give the canyon its name. Red Canyon Creek drains the canyon and feeds into the Little Popo Agie River at the northern end. The streams provide habitat for wildlife in an otherwise arid region.
There is evidence of over 10,000 years of human presence in the canyon, including the Shoshone and Washakie tribes which used it as a transportation corridor between South Pass and the Wind River Basin. White settlers arrived during the 1870s and established farms on the floor of the canyon which provided fresh fruit and grains for nearby miners at South Pass City and Atlantic City.
Today, much of the canyon floor is owned by the Nature Conservancy which maintains the land as a working ranch. The canyon is listed as a National Natural Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="20720645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720645" title="Extra Curricular Network Australia">
Extra Curricular Network Australia

Extra Curricular Network Australia (ECNA) aims to provide a centralised forum for students to actively participate in extracurricular endeavours in corporate and community based organisations. ECNA was established in 2007 by an ambitious group of students at The University of Melbourne with support of the Economics & Commerce Faculty. ECNA is committed to promoting opportunities available through the creation of regular publications and updates on www.ecna.com.au.
Objectives.
ECNA aims to benefit both students and organisations who offer extra curricular programs.
Community & corporate organisation related objectives.
Ultimately, ECNA's vision is to create a socially active student base with skills allowing them to become ethical and responsible leaders of tomorrow.
Need of ECNA.
The founders of ECNA recognised the lack of coherent information available to tertiary students wanting to become involved with extra curricular activities in the community and corporate areas. ECNA combats this awareness deficiency through providing a comprehensive publication informing students of opportunities available, categorised by nature of activities involved and skill sets developed through participation. It is their ambition that the ECNA web site and publications will become the primary point of reference for driven individuals wanting to get involved in extra curricular activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20720657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720657" title="David J. Leland">
David J. Leland

David J. Leland, (born September 18, 1953) is a partner at litigation law firm Carpenter Lipps & Leland LLP in Columbus, Ohio, where he heads the firm's public policy and government regulation practice. Leland is the former Ohio Democratic Party Chair, a position he held from 1995 until 2002. More recently, Leland served as the Finance Chair and Senior Advisor to the successful 2006 gubernatorial campaign of Ted Strickland, for which Leland helped raise a record $17 million.
A candidate for Chair of the Democratic National Committee in 2005, Leland is one of Ohio's best-known lawyers, and has been active in state and national politics for over 35 years.
In September 2013, Leland announced his candidacy for State Representative of the 12th Ohio House District, having served as Representative of roughly the same district in the 115th Ohio General Assembly (1983-1985).
Early life and education.
Leland spent his early life in Kansas before moving to Columbus during his senior year of high school. He graduated from Columbus North High School and The Ohio State University, and then studied at nearby Capital University Law School, where he earned his J.D. in 1978 as a member of the Capital Law Review.
Public service and political career.
Leland became vice chairman of the Franklin County, Ohio Democratic Party at the age of 18. He was also elected to serve as committeeman for Franklin County's 19th ward, a position he held for 23 years.
In 1973, at age 20, Leland ran unsuccessfully for election to the Columbus, Ohio Board of Education, coming in fourth (with just under 11% of the vote) in a field of nine candidates (including three incumbents) for three open seats. All three incumbents, including later Chief Justice of the Ohio Supreme Court Thomas J. Moyer, were reelected.
Elected at the age of 29 to a term as State Representative from Columbus and Clintonville in the 115th Ohio General Assembly (1983-1985), Leland was a major proponent of Ohio's collective bargaining law and was voted the outstanding freshman State Representative of that Assembly. He was elected to the first of his four terms as Chair of the Ohio Democratic Party in 1995 during Bill Clinton's tenure as president. A year later, Leland was appointed to the Democratic National Committee's Rules and Bylaws Committee and served on the DNC's Executive Committee. Leland chaired Ohio's delegation to the 1996 and 2000 Democratic National Conventions. On stepping down as state party chair in 1998, Leland said the biggest disappointment of his seven year tenure was Republican Bob Taft's victory over Democratic candidate Lee Fisher in the 1998 gubernatorial race.
In 2000, Clinton appointed Leland to the Federal Service Impasses Panel (FSIP) of the Federal Labor Relations Authority. The FSIP resolves disputes between the government and federal labor unions.
In 2002, Leland became national director of Vote Smart, a group which registered 2.7 million low-income and minority citizens as voters between 1982 and 2002.
After Leland's terms at both the ODP and DNC concluded in 2002, he launched a bid for Democratic National Committee Chair in 2005, with the position going to former Vermont governor and presidential candidate Howard Dean instead. Leland continued to contribute to state politics, serving as Finance Chair and Senior Advisor to Ted Strickland's gubernatorial campaign in 2006 and helping to raise a record $17 million as Strickland won both his party's primary and the general election with comfortable margins. Strickland was the first Democrat to be elected governor in Ohio since 1983. Leland also served as the President and CEO of the Strickland/Fisher Inaugural Committee.
In February 2012, Leland was reappointed as a member of the Franklin County (Ohio) Parks and Recreation Board of Trustees by the county Board of Commissioners.
On September 12, 2013, Leland announced his candidacy for State Representative of the 22nd district of the Ohio House of Representatives in the 2014 election. The 22nd Ohio House district (after redistricting that became effective with the 130th Assembly) includes much of the district Leland served in the 115th Ohio General Assembly. He is seeking to replace Representative John Patrick Carney (D), who announced his intention to run in 2014 for Auditor of the State of Ohio on September 10, 2013. Former Ohio governor Ted Strickland will serve as Leland's honorary campaign chair.
Private practice.
Until 1996, Leland was counsel to the Columbus law firm of Schwartz, Kelm, Warren and Rubenstein. Prior to that, Leland served as Transportation Director for the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. Leland also served as general counsel to the Ohio Civil Service Employees Association (OCSEA/AFSCME Local 11).
In January 2007, Leland joined the law firm of Carpenter & Lipps, which was renamed in March 2008 to Carpenter Lipps & Leland. Managing partner Mike Carpenter said that the move signified the firm's commitment to being a litigation and policy firm.
"Policy in Practice" newsletter.
In April 2008, the public policy practice Leland leads at his firm launched a political newsletter and website called "Policy in Practice" which features news articles and analyses on city, state and national politics. The website can be found at http://www.policyinpractice.org.
Personal life.
Leland is active in the Columbus community and has received numerous community service awards and citations.
An avid baseball fan, Leland serves on the Board of Directors of the Columbus Clippers, the Cleveland Indians' AAA franchise. During his tenure the Clippers have constructed a state-of-the-art, $50 million baseball complex named Huntington Park.
Leland has lived in the Clintonville neighborhood of north Columbus since 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20720669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720669" title="Cicindela aurofasciata">
Cicindela aurofasciata

Cicindela aurofasciata (sometimes called the "gold cross") is a species of tiger beetle endemic to India. It usually occurs in open grass dominated habitats and varies in size between 12 and 14 mm long.
The larval stages build angular turrets.

</doc>
<doc id="20720682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720682" title="Nevada District Courts">
Nevada District Courts

The Nevada District Courts are the trial courts of general jurisdiction in the Nevada state court system. 
In the District Courts "criminal, civil, family, and juvenile matters are generally resolved through arbitration, mediation, and bench or jury trials." [http://www.nvsupremecourt.us/info/about/judiciary/]
The District Courts also hear appeals from the limited jurisdiction state courts, which are the 17 Municipal Courts (which handle involving traffic ticket and misdemeanor violations of ordinances occurring within the city limits of incorporated municipalities) and the 45 Justice Courts (which handle misdemeanor crime and traffic matters, small claims, evictions, and other civil matters in which the amount in controversy is less than $10,000, as well as felony and gross misdemeanor arraignments and preliminary hearings to determine if sufficient evidence exists for a trial in the District Court).
Appeals from the Nevada District Courts go to the Supreme Court of Nevada, which is the state supreme court. Unlike most other states, there are no intermediate appellate courts in Nevada.
There are 78 judges sitting in ten district courts, each covering one or more of Nevada's 16 counties and one independent city:

</doc>
<doc id="20720698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720698" title="Masahiko Nakahira">
Masahiko Nakahira


</doc>
<doc id="20720709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720709" title="2-Pentyne">
2-Pentyne

2-Pentyne, an organic compound, is an internal alkyne. It is an isomer of 1-pentyne, a terminal alkyne.
Synthesis.
2-Pentyne can be synthesized by the rearrangement 1-pentyne in a solution of ethanolic potassium hydroxide.

</doc>
<doc id="20720748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720748" title="Wes Rachels">
Wes Rachels

Wesley Adam Rachels (born January 19, 1976 in Los Angeles, California) was a second baseman who is most notable for winning the 1998 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a senior at University of Southern California. He is one of seven players from University of Southern California to win that award. The others are Bill Thom, Bud Hollowell, Russ McQueen, George Milke, Bill Seinsoth and Rod Boxberger. In that College World Series, he set a championship game record with seven RBI. He tied another when he had five hits in a game.[http://www.baseballlibrary.com/baseballlibrary/chronology/1998JUNE.stm]
Professional career.
Rachels was drafted in the 33rd round of the 1998 amateur draft by the Philadelphia Phillies, playing professionally in 1998 and from 2000 to 2002, never reaching the major leagues. He began his professional career with the Batavia Muckdogs, hitting .301 with 16 RBI. He had a good eye at the plate, walking 18 times and striking out only 15 times in 133 at-bats. He missed the 1999 season.
For the remainder of his career, he'd play in the Baltimore Orioles organization. In 2000, he played for the Delmarva Shorebirds, hitting .260 with 46 RBI. He walked 96 times and had 58 strikeouts. He played for the Frederick Keys in 2001, hitting .261 with 26 RBI, 58 walks and only 52 strikeouts. 2002 was his final professional season. He spent it with the Bowie Baysox, hitting .201 with 21 walks and 33 strikeouts.
Overall, Rachels hit .254 in 340 minor league games. In 1062 at-bats, he did not hit a single home run, however he scored 139 runs and drove 107 in. He walked 193 times and struck out 158 times.

</doc>
<doc id="20720754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720754" title="Heap Big Hepcat">
Heap Big Hepcat

Heap Big Hepcat is the 98th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 30, 1960, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20720763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720763" title="Marisat">
Marisat

Marisat satellites were the first maritime telecommunications satellites and were designed to provide dependable telecommunications for commercial shipping and the U.S Navy from stable geosynchronous orbital locations over the three major ocean regions. The three Marisat satellites, F1, F2, and F3, were built by Hughes Aircraft Corporation (HAC) for COMSAT Corporation starting in 1973. The satellites were designed to provide maritime telecommunications services in three large ocean areas, the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, and the Indian Ocean, and were located at 72.5° East longitude, 176.5° E, and 345° E in the geosynchronous orbital arc. The three-satellite Marisat system served as the initial INMARSAT constellation.
Ownership of the three Marisat satellites was transferred to Lockheed Martin when it bought COMSAT Corp in 2000. The Marisat-F2 satellite was acquired by INTELSAT as part of the COMSAT General Corp. acquisition in October 2004.
The three satellites were all launched in 1976. MARISAT F1 was launched on 19 February 1976, MARISAT F2 was launched on 10 June 1976, and Marisat F3 was launched at 22:44 GMT, 14 October 1976. Launch vehicle for the satellites was the McDonnell Douglas 2914 Delta rocket. The satellites were launched from Cape Canaveral by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration under contract with COMSAT. In 1981 the INMARSAT took over from the Marisat system.
Design.
The satellites were designed to be identical, with three communications payloads on board; an ultrahigh frequency UHF (240 to 400 MHz) payload for the U.S. Navy, L-band (1.5 to 1.6 GHz) for ship communications via voice, telex, facsimile and high speed data, and C-band (6/4 GHz) for communications to fixed shore stations.
The Marisat satellites were a cylindrical spinning satellite design similar to earlier satellites like Syncom 1, Intelsat I and II, relying on the gyroscopic forces generated by rotating at approximately 30 rpm to provide stability in the Earth's gravitational field. They were originally designed to last 5 years, but survived much longer, with Marisat F2 operating successfully for 32 years.
The cylindrical design of satellites is good for several reasons:
The Marisat satellites weighed about 1450 pounds (660 kilograms). Each satellite is 12 feet 6 inches (3.81 meters) in height and 7 feet 1 inch (2.15 meters) in diameter.
Payload.
The UHF payload provided one 500 kHz wide-band channel and two 25 kHz narrow-band channels.
The UHF payload on Marisat was designed as a "gapfiller" to support the U.S. Navy. The U.S. Navy experienced a complete failure of TACSAT-1 over the Pacific Ocean in December 1972. UHF channels on Lincoln Labs Experimental Satellite LES-6 were also being used over the Atlantic Ocean, but this satellite was expected to have an end-of-life (EOL) of September 1973. This left the U.S. Navy with a potential "gap" in UHF coverage for several years until the first FLTSATCOM satellite would be available in December 1978. The U.S. Navy contracted with COMSAT in 1973 for UHF capability over the Atlantic and Pacific ocean regions (AOR and POR), and later extended the contract for coverage of the Indian Ocean region (IOR).
Solar array.
Because of the spinning design of the satellite, the exterior of the cylinder body of the satellite was covered with solar cells, forming a solar power generating array. As the satellite spun in orbit, some part of the array would always be lit by the sun and provide power to the satellite power bus. On Marisat the cylindrical solar panel, covered with approximately 7000 solar cells, supplies each satellite with primary power of 330 watts.
Service.
Marisat F1 (NSSDC ID: 1976-017A) was operated at 345° E (15° W) from 1976 to 1990. It was relocated to 254° E (106° W) over the Americas until 1997, when it was retired from active service and moved out to a disposal orbit.
Marisat F3 (NSSDC ID: 1976-101A) was operated at 72.5° E until it was retired in the late 1990s and moved out to a disposal orbit.
Marisat F2 (NSSCDC ID: 1976-053A) was operated at 176° E from 1976 to 1991. It was relocated to 182 E (178° W) and operated there until 1996. It was relocated to 326.1 E (33.9º W), over the Atlantic ocean, and since 1999 F2 had been providing a wide-band data link for the National Science Foundation's U.S. Antarctic Program's Amundsen-Scott research station at the South Pole. On Wednesday 29 October 2008, after 32 years of service, the longest for any commercial satellite to date, it was retired from active service . Engineers at INTELSAT used the remaining on-board fuel to raise the orbit of F2 approximately 125 miles (200 km) above the geostationary arc and place it in a disposal orbit.
See also.
COMSAT Mobile Communications (CMC)

</doc>
<doc id="20720774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720774" title="Hum Sab Baraati">
Hum Sab Baraati

Hum Sab Baraati is an Indian television Hindi language sitcom, which debuted April 4, 2004 on Zee TV. The comedy series was produced by the popular Indian producer Sanjay Chhel, who directed and wrote the script for "Hum Sab Baraati". It has won numerous awards, including the award for "Promo for a Sitcom" at the Indian Telly Awards in 2004. The series aired every Sunday to Wednesday at 8:00pm IST.
Overview.
The theme focuses on a family that specialises in arranging weddings — from selecting the venue to entertaining the guests. Each member of this family specialises in a particular task. To promote the business, they have a website with all the necessary information.

</doc>
<doc id="20720808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720808" title="2009 Austrian Figure Skating Championships">
2009 Austrian Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 Austrian Figure Skating Championships () were the Austrian Figure Skating Championships of the 2008-2009 figure skating season. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing on the senior level for the title of national champion of Austria. The results of the national championships were used to choose the Austrian teams to the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships and the 2009 European Figure Skating Championships.
The 2009 Championships took place between 12 December and 14 December 2008 in the EisArena in Linz. The Junior-level Championships were held immediately prior to the Senior-level championships in the same location and arena, between 10 December and 12 December. The senior and junior compulsory dance was the Paso Doble.

</doc>
<doc id="20720810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720810" title="Kate Lamont">
Kate Lamont

Kate Lamont (born 1962) is an Australian cook, political aspirant and author.
Career.
Lamont has hospitality interest in the Swan Valley, Margaret River and a bottle shop and bar in Cottesloe, Western Australia.
Empire Beer Group Limited.
In October 2006, Lamont was an inaugural Director of the Empire Beer Group Limited, which ran pubs, brewed beers. Lamont featured in its public prospectus which aimed to raise $10,000,000 AU by way of the issue of shares at an issue price of $0.35 each.
By December 2007 the stock was trading at $0.16, by July 2008 the stock was trading at $0.05 and by February 9 it was trading atP $0.03, a $9 million reduction on the original $10 million raised capital.
On the 18th of March 2009, Kate Lamont resigned as a non-executive director of Empire.
Political Appointments, Connections and Candidacy.
Labor Party Appointments.
Lamont was appointed as a Board member of Tourism WA Board of Commissioners in 2004, by the Gallop Labor Government and Chairman of Tourism WA by then Labor Tourism Minister Mark McGowan and the WA Labor Government from 1 September 2006 for a 5-year term.
Lamont was appointed as a board member of Tourism Australia by the Rudd Labor Government and in July 2010 was appointed Deputy Chair of Tourism Australia by Federal Labor Minister Martin Ferguson 
Liberal Party Candidate.
In April 2012 WA Premier Colin Barnett confirmed that he had discussed pre-selection for the Liberal Party for the State Seat of Churchlands with Lamont and his media advisor Dixie Marshall and subsequently sought an extension of the nomination period to allow the nomination to occur. A story in the West Australian on May 3, 2012 suggested the nomination was causing a revolt in Liberal ranks with Party sources questioning how close Lamont was to Labor State and Federal Figures.
Womans Awards Claims.
Lamont is described as a past winner of the WA Telstra Business Woman of the Year and a finalist in the 2006 National Veuve Clicquot Woman of the Year awards.
Telstra Business Woman of the Year Claim.
The WA Telstra Business Woman of the Year awards do not list Lamont as a winner. The winner of the WA Telstra Business Woman of the Year Award in 1996 was Kerry Sanderson, the then Chief Executive Officer of Fremantle Ports. In 1996 Lamont was the recipient of the "Business Owner Award" one of the many sub-categories in the Telstra Business Woman Awards WA chapter.
Veuve Clicquot Woman of the Year claim.
Claims to be a Finalist in the 2006 National Veuve Clicquot Woman of the Year Awards are not evidenced in the organisations press release and announcement of its winner and finalists in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20720815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720815" title="Joseph, Better You than Me">
Joseph, Better You than Me

"Joseph, Better You Than Me" is a song by Las Vegas-based rock band The Killers featuring Elton John and Neil Tennant. The song was released on as a download-only single. All proceeds from the song benefit the Product Red campaign, headed by Bono and Bobby Shriver. The music video features footage from "The Living Christ" series
The song continues the tradition of The Killers releasing a digital download Christmas single that started with "A Great Big Sled" in 2006 and continued with "Don't Shoot Me Santa" in 2007. Brandon Flowers said it was great to work with two "real professionals" and "would love to work with them again".
The song speaks of Saint Joseph, the father of Jesus. Flowers, Elton, and Tennant take turns in describing the difficulties that he must have felt being the father of Jesus. They also sing of the public attention Joseph would have received and, as the title of the song says, that he did a better job than they would have.

</doc>
<doc id="20720831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720831" title="Alexander M. Schenker">
Alexander M. Schenker

Alexander M. Schenker is a notable American Slavist, professor emeritus of Slavic linguistics at Yale University, and the winner of the Award for Distinguished Contributions to Slavic Studies for his contributions to the field of Polish studies, as well for the general contributions to the development of the field of Slavic studies in the United States.
Biography.
Schenker was born in Cracow in 1924. He enrolled to the university in Dushanbe (then "Stalinabad") in Tajikistan during the World War II. Later he studied at the Sorbonne, receiving his Ph.D. from Yale in 1953, where he eventually settled becoming a professor of Slavic studies.
Work.
At Yale University in the 1950s he participated in the creation of one of America's leading programs of Slavic languages and literatures, culminating in what was to become a classic textbook for teaching Polish in English: "Beginning Polish" (1966). His other notable works include:

</doc>
<doc id="20720839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720839" title="Waylaying">
Waylaying

Waylaying (sometimes called "laywaying") was a term used in the American Old West describing an armed attack whereby the attacker hid himself in ambush and fired upon a passing target. According to late historian C.L. Sonnichsen there were many methods by which frontier feuds were resolved and murder committed;

</doc>
<doc id="20720842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720842" title="George Mansour">
George Mansour

George Mansour (born in Kirkuk, Iraq on December 25, 1952) is an Iraqi journalist, broadcaster and politician, a Minister of Region for Civil Society Affairs and founder and first General Manager for Ishtar Broadcasting Corporation (Ishtar TV) till June 2006. He is multilingual with proficiency in Arabic, English, Kurdish, Turkish, Russian, Persian and Syriac.
He studied Engineering in Printing Technology and Media and had high dipolmas in Philosophy and Education.
In 2003, he was General Manager at SAIC for Iraqi Media Network (IMN) TV (Aliraqia), Editor-in-chief of its TV News and producer and host to Iraqi Media Network IMN radio and TV shows. Other journalistic responsibilities included broadcasting at Radio Free Iraq in Prague, correspondent of "Az Zaman" and "Al-Mutamar" newspapers based in London, England, reporter at "Sawt Alshab Al Iraqi" radio based in Saudi Arabia and Radio Canada International based in Toronto and Senior Advisor for the International Organization for Migration - Canada.
He is member of many national and international organizations including International Organization of Journalists, the Kurdistan Journalists’ Union, the Canadian Iraqi Coordination Committee, the Organization for Civil Society in Iraq, the Iraqi Forum for Democracy (IFD) and participant in many international conferences in Kurdistan, Iraq and abroad and member of KRG’s Honour Killing Monitoring Commission and President of the Iraqi Society of Human Rights-Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20720857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720857" title="Ersa Siregar">
Ersa Siregar

Sory Ersa Siregar (Brastagi, December 4, 1951 – Langsa, December 29, 2003) is an Indonesian journalist working for RCTI television network who became victims when covering the conflict in Aceh in 2003.
Before entering RCTI in 1993, he has been working in PT. Fesda, PT. Satmarindo, Susana magazine, and Keluarga Magazine. Ersa initiated his career as a translator / producer, and then changed into the regional coordinator, then coordinator of coverage (korlip) tourism, "lifestyle" and also "entertainment", KorBid, KorBid hukrim / city, and began 16 November 2001 until killed, his position is as korlip.
On July 1, 2003, he and his cameraman, Ferry Santoro, was missing Kuala Langsa, East Aceh.
On July 5, their car was found in Langsa, East Aceh. The car was known as GAM basic.
On December 29, Ersa was found murdered on shooting, Kuala Maniham, East Aceh.

</doc>
<doc id="20720882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720882" title="Butler County High School">
Butler County High School

Butler County High School is located in Morgantown, Kentucky, a town located in Butler County. Patrick O'Driscoll is the principal.

</doc>
<doc id="20720883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720883" title="Ballyhooey">
Ballyhooey

Ballyhooey is the 99th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on April 20, 1960, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Notes.
"Ballyhooey" was Alex Lovy's final effort as director on a "Woody" short, as he would later leave Lantz for Hanna Barbera. He was replaced by Jack Hannah, a former Disney veteran behind the "Donald Duck" & "Chip 'n' Dale" cartoons.

</doc>
<doc id="20720899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720899" title="Muthenna Airbase">
Muthenna Airbase

Muthanna Airbase was an Iraqi military facility west of the center of Baghdad. It consisted of one 3,000 m asphalt/concrete runway sited in a developed industrial/residential area. It was the home base for Iraqi Air Force transport squadrons and navigation school. 
During the 1991 Gulf War, three of Baghdad's 42 targets—Iraqi Air Force headquarters, Muthanna airfield, and Ba'ath party headquarters—absorbed 20 percent of the effort. The Ba'ath party headquarters were hit with 28 bombs, Iraqi air force headquarters 17, and Muthenna airfield with 25. The 13-story Iraqi Air Force headquarters building, on the southeast edge of Muthanna airfield, was shown in the first publicly unveiled air strike videotape. 
During the Second Gulf War Coalition forces again struck Iraqi Air Force headquarters buildings in central Baghdad, located west of the Tigris River, near the Baghdad/Muthanna airfield. Coalition aircraft struck the buildings with JDAMs. The strike degraded Iraqi Air Force capabilities to command and control Iraqi air assets. 
The damage at Muthanna was so extensive that it was subsequently abandoned as a functioning aviation facility. 
Iraqi Army Recruiting Station.
The heavily fortified Iraqi Army Recruiting Station at Muthenna airport was hit by a car bomb on 11 February 2004, when up to 47 people died. A sedan carrying explosives drove to the front of the recruiting station where numerous Iraqis were waiting in line to enlist in the Iraqi Army. US soldiers from Task Force 1st Armored Division's 4th Battalion, 27th Field Artillery Regiment provided aid to the victims and secured the blast site. The bomb was four to five hundred pounds and a mixture of C4 explosive and artillery shells. The vehicle carrying the bomb was completely destroyed. Rush hour traffic and a large crowd of people were on the street when the blast occurred, and a group of men angrily shouted at American soldiers wanting to know how this could have happened.

</doc>
<doc id="20720928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720928" title="Mitsumame">
Mitsumame

A few variations on this dessert exist. Anmitsu is mitsumame with bean paste, the "an" meaning the sweet azuki bean paste or "anko". Mamekan is mitsumame without fruits. Cream mitsumame is mitsumame with ice cream on top. Fruits mitsumame is mitsumame with fruits. Coffee mitsumame is mitsumame with coffee jelly.
History.
The prototype of mitsumame is a dessert for children sold to the end of the Edo era. The present type was born in 1903. Anmitsu was born in 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20720941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720941" title="Red Canyon">
Red Canyon

Red Canyon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20720964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720964" title="Yevgeny Mironov (actor)">
Yevgeny Mironov (actor)

Yevgeny Mironov (Russian: Евгений Витальевич Миронов; born November 29, 1966) is a Russian film and stage actor, Meritorious Artist of Russian Federation (1996), People's Artist of Russia (2004), State Prize of the Russian Federation laureate (1996, 2010). Yevgeny Mironov lives and works in Moscow, Russia.
Early life.
Yevgeny Mironov was born in Saratov. The family lived in a small military town then called Tatis. Yevgeny’s father was a professional chauffeur, his mother changed jobs – from saleswoman to a Christmas ornaments manufacturer. The Mironovs, avid amateur performers, were artistic and creative people in their everyday life.
Mironov as a child took acting classes, joined an amateur dance group and graduated from music school as an accordion player. He and his younger sister Oksana put on puppet shows for which they made their own puppets, wrote scripts and then performed in front of relatives. In school, Yevgeny put on and acted in plays and musicals, often of his own creation. Oksana Mironova, now a ballet dancer, studied at the Saratov School of Choreography and later at the St. Petersburg Vaganova Ballet Academy. After graduating, she was invited to join the State Academic Theater of Classical Ballet, where she danced for 10 years. At present, she is teaching in her own ballet studio associated with the Russian State Social University.
Career.
In 1982, Mironov left his school in Tatischevo-5 to enter the Saratov Slonov Theater School, one of the few such establishments that accepted 14-year-olds, which he graduated in 1986. Offered a job with the Saratov Children’s Theater, he chose instead to continue to study acting at the prestigious Moscow Art Theater School-Studio under his famous Saratov compatriot, actor and director Oleg Tabakov. In Moscow Mironov succeeded in getting an interview with Tabakov, but the acting class was already in its second year. Tabakov gave Mironov a probation period, after the successful completion of which he was accepted to the School-Studio as a sophomore. After graduating in 1990, he became, and remains, a resident actor at the Oleg Tabakov Theater. In that capacity he has played a variety of notable parts, including the title role in the hit "The Passions of Bumbarash" (directed by Vladimir Mashkov), which opened in 1993 and is still playing to full houses.
Mironov's film career began in 1988 with the Aleksandr Kaidanovsky film "The Kerosene Salesman's Wife". After appearing in a few low-budget films, Mironov gained national recognition and critical acclaim for his lead performance in Valery Todorovsky’s beloved coming-of-age drama, "Love" (1991), for which he received several national and international film awards and was voted Best Actor of 1992 by Russian film critics. His next success was in Pyotr Todorovsky’s comedy-drama "Encore Again!", which solidified Mironov's popularity. He went on to play leads in Denis Yevstigneyev's "Limita" and "Mama", and to receive a Best Supporting Actor award at the 1995 Sozvezdie International Film Festival for a special appearance in Nikita Mikhalkovs Oscar-winning "Burnt by the Sun". In 1994 he delivered a sterling performance in Vladimir Khotinenko’s controversial drama "The Moslem", then considered his best work to date. Also notable among his early film efforts is the character of Khlestakov in Sergei Gazarov’s screen adaptation of Gogol's "The Inspector General".
Mironov's characters include sinister mama’s boy in Nikolai Lebedev’s "Snake Spring", a lovelorn sponger in "His Wife's Diary" and a naive Soviet cook in "Dreaming of Space" (both directed by Alexei Uchitel), the deceptively simple intelligence officer in Mikhail Ptashuk's "August of 44", the man-turned-bug in Valery Fokin's adaptation of Kafka’s "The Metamorphosis", a war-deranged soldier in Andrei Konchalovsky's "House of Fools", an arrogant surgeon in Yegor Konchalovsky’s "Escape", a talented loser in Konstantin Khudyakov’s "On Upper Maslovka", and a millionaire psycho killer in Andrei Kavun’s "The Hunt for Piranha". 2003 saw Mironov's portrayal of Prince Myshkin in Vladimir Bortko’s historymaking TV adaptation of Dostoyevsky’s "The Idiot", followed by leads in two other acclaimed TV productions – as the young Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn in an adaptation of his autobiographical "The First Circle" by Gleb Panfilov (2006), and as twin brothers in Yuri Moroz’s action-adventure miniseries "The Apostle".
By the mid-1990s, Mironov also starred in international stage projects as German director Peter Stein’s "The Oresteia" and "Hamlet", Declan Donnellan’s "Boris Godunov", Valery Fokin’s "The Last Night of the Last Czar" and "The Karamazovs and Hell" (for which he was awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation). In 2003 he appeared as Lopakhin in Eimuntas Nekrošius’ production of" The Cherry Orchard". Mironov actively collaborates with the Moscow Art Theater, where he has appeared as Treplev ("The Seagull", 2001-2006), George Pigden ("No. 13/Out of Order", 2001), and Porfiry Golovlyov ("The Golovlyovs", 2005). In 2006 he founded the Mironov Theater Company and produced "Figaro. The Events of One Day", directed by the controversial Kirill Serebrennikov with Mironov as the lead. On December 18, 2006, Mironov became Artistic Director of Moscow's State Theater of Nations.
List of theater and film awards.
• Best Actor Award, Kinotaur National Film Festival ("Love", 1992)
• Best Actor Award, Sozvezdie International Film Festival ("Love", 1992) 
• Best Actor, Film Critics’ Award ("Love", 1992) 
• Grand Prix and Special Film Critics’ Award, Stars of Tomorrow International Film Festival in Geneva ("Love", 1992) 
• Best Actor, Film Critics’ Award ("Encore Again!", 1994) 
• Best Actor Award, Nika National Film Awards ("Limita", 1994)
• Best Supporting Actor Award, Sozvezdie International Film Festival ("Burnt by the Sun", 1995) 
• Best Actor, Film Critics’ Award ("The Moslem", 1995) 
• Order of the Spiritual Administration of the Russian Moslems ("The Moslem", 1995)
• Idol, a Business Circle Award (1996)
• International Stanislavsky Award for Best Performance of the Season by a Man ("The Last Night of the Last Czar", 1997)
• The Seagull Theatrical Award ("Boris Godunov", 2000) 
• Best Supporting Actor Award, Baltic Pearl International Film Actor Festival ("His Wife’s Diary", 2000)
• Special Prize of The Gorky Literary Institute Scholarly Council and Terra Holdings, The National Literature and Film Festival ("His Wife’s Diary", 2001)
• Special Prize of The Gorky Literary Institute Scholarly Council and Terra Holdings, The National Literature and Film Festival ("August of ‘44", 2001)
• The Triumph Award for Cultural Contribution (2001)
• The Seagull Theatrical Award for Best Comedy Performance of the Season ("№ 13", 2001)
• The Crystal Turandot Award for Best Performance by a Man ("№ 13", 2002)
• Man of the Year Award (2003)
• Best Actor Award at The National Literature and Film Festival ("The Metamorphosis", 2003)
• Best Actor Award, TEFI National Television Awards ("The Idiot", 2003)
• Best TV Actor Award, Golden Eagle National Film Awards ("The Idiot", 2004) 
• The Aleksandr Solzhenitzyn Literary Award ("The Idiot", 2004) 
• Outstanding Actor of the Year Golden Nymph Award in the Television Drama Category, the Monte Carlo Film Festival ("The Idiot", 2004)
• The Arguments and Facts Newspaper’s National Pride of Russia Award for Personal Contribution to Cultural Development (2004) 
• Idol, a Business Circle Award, "For Highest Service to the Acting Profession" (2005) 
• The Tarkovsky Fund Award, Window to Europe National Film Festival ("On Upper Maslovka", 2005)
• Best Actor Award, Nika National Film Awards ("Dreaming of Space", 2006)
• Best Actor Award, Golden Ram National Film Critics’ Festival ("Dreaming of Space", 2006)
• Russian of the Year Award (2006)
• The Crystal Turandot Award for Best Performance by a Man ("The Golovlyovs", 2006)
• The Federal Security Service’s Work by an Actor Award ("August of ‘44", 2006)
• MTV Russian Movie Award for Best Villain in Film ("The Hunt for Piranha", 2006)
• The National Golden Mask Award for Best Performance by a Man ("The Golovlyovs", 2007)
• The Crystal Turandot Award for Best Actor ("Shukshin's Stories", 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="20720991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20720991" title="Vision 1 Sports">
Vision 1 Sports

Vision 1 (used to be known as Vision Sports), is the Indovision's "in-house channel". The regime began on September 5, 2005. At the beginning of the establishment, Vision1 which can be seen through the channel 1 Indovision is only broadcast soccer games from around the world to live.
Vision1 also organized events"off-water events"such as watching football together Bundesliga, or what is known as "Vision of One Sports Night" in several areas, such as Jakarta, Bandung, Yogyakarta, Surabaya, and Manado.
Since August 2007, it also presents impressions of "extreme sports" and badminton.
In each match live, broadcast done directly from the studio to bring Vision1 with the presenter and commentator for the match to guide the way.
On November 2, 2011, Vision 1 Sports was be rebranded into MNC Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="20721001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721001" title="How to Stuff a Woodpecker">
How to Stuff a Woodpecker

How to Stuff a Woodpecker is the 100th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on May 18, 1960, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal Studios.
Plot.
Professor Strudel relates the story of how he managed to catch and stuff Woody Woodpecker. In Professor Strudel's Taxidermy Shop, there is seen a series of stuffed animals: a humming hippopotamus, a growling gorilla, a kangaroo, a half-stuffed elephant, and finally, Woody.
The professor proceeds to relate how he outsmarted and captured Woody. In a forest, he hears Woody pecking away at a tree. He gets up and catches Woody, who bops the professor with a mixture of Tabasco and chili powder. With a roar, the revived professor expels the mixture, which hits a tree and reduces it to ashes. The professor then employs various ways and means to capture Woody. He finally traps Woody in a cage, and we see both of them in the taxidermy shop, with Woody on the pedestal. The professor says, "Right." Woody's still alive and pecking away, this time at the professor.

</doc>
<doc id="20721057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721057" title="Hangu District, Tianjin">
Hangu District, Tianjin

Hangu District (), is a former district in eastern Tianjin, China; now part of Binhai New Area. It serves as a gateway towards Liaoning, Jilin and Heilongjiang provinces.
Geography.
Hangu District is 50 kilometers away from Tangshan in Hebei Province to the east, 60 km away from downtown in the west, 20 km away from Tianjin New Port and TEDA and 90 km away from Dagang District, notable for its petroleum production. Bohai Bay is located to the south and connects with Ninghe County in the north. The Jiyun River divides the north and south of the district for 35 km and covers 8.67 km2. It covers an area of 430 km2, including 13 km2 of city zones. Its current bottomland is 3.33 km2, while the surface area is 40 km2. The river vents 720 million m3 of water to the sea annually. The district has two reservoirs, the capacity of Yingcheng reservoir is 30 million m3, while that of Gaozhuang reservoir is 4.5 million m3.
Economy.
Hangu has a dualistic economic structure of a large city and small country. The northwest of the district is the agricultural area, while its southeast is the industrial area as well as ocean fishery area. The city zone is centrally located, on both sides of Jiyun River.
Industry.
Hangu District has a stable foundation in its inustries. Much of the districts industry is based in the Binhai area. Marine chemical production forms the largest part of the areas industry, followed by other synthetic production industries. Its industrial output amounts to 80% of the national income. There are 13 kinds of primary industries like salt, chemical, textile, clothing, mechanism, metallurgy processing, paper making, home appliances, furniture, electronics, architectural materials, foods and shoemaking. The Changlu Hangu saltfield is one of the four saltfields of the famous Changlu salt area, which has a strong capacity in crude salt production. It also produces a series of high-quality products in the fields of fine salt and chemical, most of which are exported. Agriculture and fisheries make up the rest of Hangu's economy. Rice, fruits, aquatic products are the prominent features of the agricultural products in Hangu. The area's grapes contain high amounts of sugar and are used for wine production.
Marine Industry.
The district boasts plentiful marine chemical resources. The area's coast line spans 32 kilometers, contains 27 species of seawater and freshwater fish and its history of salt processing dates back over 1000 years. Hangu's salt ponds cover an area of 139.33 km2, about three times the size of the plantation area in the whole district. Its 'Changlu salt' is world renowned and is white in color and large in size. It has owned the reputation of "Jade in Lutai" from the old. As the average content of sodium chloride is 96.8%, it is a perfect raw material for use in marine chemicals.
Power supply.
Much of the areas electric power is generated from Solar energy, while there is also widespread use of oil resources and geothermal power, which has been heavily exploited. Other methods of power supply are being considered for future development, such as wave power and wind power.
Land usage.
There are two parts of uncultivated land in Hangu, the total area of which is 38 km2. One is in the southeast part containing the Jiyun river and is near the coast to the east and has the Tanggu highway and Beijing - Shanhaiguan railway. Meanwhile, this land has Yingcheng reservoir and processing establishments for industrial sewage in the south and public city infrastructures in the north. The northeastern part of Hangu is also undeveloped with Hannan railway running through it.
Transport.
The area is linked to the Jingshan and Beijing-Shanhaiguan railways. The Hannan line also leads to the Nanbao saltfield in Hebei Province and the regional industrial shuttle line have been established in Hangu. Four railway stations serve the district with an annual output exceeding 5 million tons. Hangu is well connected to China's road network with 7 routes leading towards the area, including the Lu-Han, Tang-Han, Jin-Han, Han-Yu, Hannan, Hanbei and Lutang roads which connect Hangu with TEDA, Tianjin New Port, Beijing, Tangshan and northeast China.

</doc>
<doc id="20721088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721088" title="Current River State Park">
Current River State Park

Current River State Park is a new state park being developed by the state of Missouri. It is located on of land along the Current River located north of Eminence in Shannon County. The park consists of land and buildings originally developed by the Alton Box Board Company of Alton, Illinois, as a corporate retreat in the late 1930s and early 1940s. Many of the rustic buildings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
As of the summer of 2012 the park is open, for day use only, on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays while development continues.

</doc>
<doc id="20721122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721122" title="Ernesto Perez-Carrillo">
Ernesto Perez-Carrillo

Ernesto Perez-Carrillo, Jr. (born 1952), is a Cuban American master cigar maker who resides in Miami and the Dominican Republic. 
Career.
Ernesto founded the El Credito Cigar Company in Miami, which produces La Gloria Cubana and El Rico Habano cigars. A few years ago Ernesto, together with his business partner, his daughter Lissette McPhillips, sold the cigar business to Swedish Match, which has annual revenues of approximately $1.5 billion, but Ernesto continues to manage the company and oversee production. Ernesto recently created the La Gloria Cubana Series R cigar, which has fast become one of the most respected cigars in the United States. In 2009, Ernesto departed Swedish Match to start a new company with his daughter, Lissette McPhillips Perez-Carrillo, and his son, Ernie, named EPC Cigar Company LLC.
Marriage and children.
Ernesto has two children. Prior to joing EPC Cigar Co., his son Ernesto Perez-Carrillo III worked for Kohlberg Kravis Roberts and McKinsey & Company in New York City. His daughter Lissette McPhillips Perez-Carrillo, worked for Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP. Family has always been important to the cigar business and to Ernesto, who learned the trade from his father. Ernesto is very proud that his dreams of the day that his children would join him in the cigar business have materialized.

</doc>
<doc id="20721135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721135" title="Helsinki Process on Globalisation and Democracy">
Helsinki Process on Globalisation and Democracy

The Helsinki Process on Globalization and Democracy is a joint initiative of Finland and Tanzania that resulted from the Helsinki Conference of December 2002.
Phases.
The process is split in two phases: the First Phase and Second Phase of the Helsinki Process.
First Phase of Helsinki Process.
The First Phase of the process occurred from 2003 to September 2005. During this phase "the high-level Helsinki Group and three thematic Tracks worked on developing a concept for multi-stakeholder cooperation in global problem solving and suggested ways of addressing various global problems using this concept." 
Second Phase of Helsinki Process.
The Second Phase of the process occurred from October 2005 to the end of 2007. The purpose of this phase was to:
References.
-. Second Phase of the Process. Helsinki Process. Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland. 15 Dec. 2008. <http://www.helsinkiprocess.fi/About/>.

</doc>
<doc id="20721144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721144" title="O T H E R">
O T H E R

[ O T H E R ] is a 2008 studio album by Brian "Lustmord" Williams, released on Hydra Head Records. "[ O T H E R ]" was also released as a two disc set on Japanese label Daymare Records with the second disc featuring the Lustmord release "Juggernaut" in its entirety.

</doc>
<doc id="20721150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721150" title="Giovanni Luca Conforti">
Giovanni Luca Conforti

Giovanni Luca Conforti (1560 – May 11, 1608) was an Italian composer and prominent falsetto singer who wrote an exercise book about Baroque embellishments, "Breve et facile maniera d'essercitarsi ad ogni scolaro" or "Brief and easy manner of exercising for every student", still in use today.
Biography.
Conforti, also spelled Conforto, was born in Mileto, Calabria, around 1560. He sang in the Papal chapel from 1580 to October 31, 1585. He and several of his colleagues were expelled for joining the Congregazione dei Musici di Roma, membership of which was forbidden to papal singers, though he was later allowed to rejoin.
In 1586, he was reportedly serving the Duke of Sessa when Cardinal Scipione Gonzaga and protonotary Camillo Capilupi recommended him for service at the court of Mantua, and in the letters they provide descriptions of Conforti's voice and style. When Capilupi heard him sing Lenten music at Santa Trinità, he proclaimed him the best falsettist in Rome, praising Conforti's resonance, improvization, and ornamentation. Cardinal Gonzaga's letters say Conforti sang both contralto and soprano skillfully, the first with a full voice, and the latter with a sweet tone. His skill came to impress many, and he was considered a prominent virtuoso soloist.
That same year, Conforti is known to have sung at the Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini, a place all well-known musicians of the time performed. In 1595, he performed in a Lenten ceremony at the Arciconfraternita del Santissima Crocefisso under the direction of Luca Marenzio, a prominent Roman composer.
Conforti ended up not going to Mantua due to bureaucratic lagtime, but went to serve at S Luigi dei Francesi under Ruggiero Giovanelli in Tivoli. He was there from June 1, 1587 to April 30, 1588. In 1591, he again served the Papal chapel, serving there, in Rome, until his death in 1608.
Works.
"Brief and Easy Manner of Exercising for Every Student".
Conforti's "Breve et facile maniera d'essercitarsi ad ogni scolaro" is one of only a few books on vocal embellishment written at the end of the sixteenth century. It is also specifically addressed to instrumentalists (""), and thus forms part of the substantial 16th-century Italian literature of diminution and ornamentation which begins with the "Fontegara" of Silvestro Ganassi in 1535 and includes the treatises of Diego Ortiz, Giovanni Maffei, Girolamo Dalla Casa, Giovanni Bassano, Riccardo Rogniono, Giovanni Battista Bovicelli and Aurelio Virgiliano. There are three original copies known to exist, two in the British Library and one in the Civico Museo Bibliografico Musicale Giovanni Battista Martini in Bologna. All have the same nearly unreadable publication date, usually read as 1593, though there is no external evidence to support this or any other date.
The book was written for students to quickly and easily learn the art of ornamentation.
According to Conforti, this goal could be achieved in a few months by following his method.
The treatise is user-friendly in its layout. Each section deals with an ascending or descending interval, showing passages in various rhythmic patterns that get progressively more difficult. The 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, octave and unison are addressed. Also included are more elaborate passages, a table of conventional ornaments, and examples of embellished cadences. A conclusion is included, which explains the examples.
In his conclusion, "Declaration about the passages to the readers," Conforti states that his method is meant to help to embellish the singing of those who do not come by it naturally. He recommends learning and memorizing each section in nine days, learning all the exercises in less than two months. Upon completing the exercises, singers are meant to be able to add his embellishments into their sung lines, as well as improvise their own embellishments.
Conforti also confides that his exercises are not exhaustive, and he only included those he judged to be the most appealing, leaving out others in order to create less confusion on the page. He emphasizes the importance of following one's ear when embellishing and understanding which notes will create a consonance.
The manual was written for the benefit of singers, but Conforti also encourages its use by instrumentalists as finger exercises, suggested ornaments, and a method for learning to improvise ornaments on one's own.
Other works.
In addition to the "Breve e facile maniera", he also wrote three-volumes of settings of the Vesper psalm and "Magnificat" for three voices and basso continuo. He applies his own system of embellishment, as laid out in the "Breve e facile maniera", in his three volumes of "Salmi passaggiati".
In addition to his own works, Conforti collected and compiled others. He collected Paolo Quagliati's two volumes of three-voice Canzonette (Rome, 1588) for publication and wrote the dedications. The second of these contains Conforti's own "Amara vita è quella de gl'amanti". He compiled the "Psalmi, motecta, Magnificat, et antiphona Salve Regina diversorum auctorum", published in 1592.

</doc>
<doc id="20721184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721184" title="Xingang East Station">
Xingang East Station

Xingang East () is a station on Line 8 of the Guangzhou Metro that became operational on 28 June 2003. It is located at the underground of Xingang Road East () in the Haizhu District of Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China. The station is close to the Guangzhou International Convention Exhibition Center, the main venue for the Canton Fair.
Before the extension to both lines 2 and 8 opened in September 2010, this station ran as part of Line 2 as a single line from Wanshengwei to Sanyuanli.

</doc>
<doc id="20721187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721187" title="Big Hollow">
Big Hollow

Big Hollow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20721215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721215" title="Sternarchogiton preto">
Sternarchogiton preto

Sternarchogiton preto is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae. It is native to large river channels and major side branches in the Amazon Basin, and is common in the Rio Tefé and the Rio Solimões to a depth of 14 m. It is found in both whitewater and blackwater habitats. The species name "preto" comes from the Portuguese word for "black", referring to its coloration.
As its scientific name suggests, "S. preto" is distinguished from all other "Sternarchogiton" species by its entirely dark brown to purplish black color. The fins have hyaline rays and dark brown membranes. The body is a laterally compressed and knife-shaped, with a nearly straight dorsal profile. The head is laterally compressed with a convex dorsal profile and small eyes that are covered by a membrane. Unlike other "Sternarchogiton" species it has long, conical teeth (numbering 5 plus 2-3 replacements) on the premaxillary of the upper jaw; there is one row of teeth (numbering 10 plus 3 replacements) on the dentary bone of the lower jaw. Both upper and lower pharyngeal tooth plates are present, bearing 6 and 4-5 teeth respectively.
The long anal fin contains 189-210 soft rays. The pectoral fins are broad and pointed, with 12-14 rays. The tail is frequently missing or regenerated; when intact it is compressed and short, with a small lanceolate caudal fin containing 13-20 rays. The origin of the whip-like dorsal electroreceptive appendage is in the latter half of the body. There are 5-8 rows of scales above the lateral line. There is no sexual dimorphism in morphology or pigmentation. "S. preto" grows to about 30 cm long.
As in other apteronotids, "S. preto" generates a continuous, weak electric field for electrolocation and communication. This electric organ discharge (EOD) has a fundamental frequency of 1266–1922 Hz and 2 phases. There is no obvious sexual dimorphism in frequency or waveform. Reproduction is believed to occur early in the rising water period, with individuals in breeding condition in October. Juveniles have been caught in floating meadows alongside the Rio Tefé throughout the flooding season (December to April).

</doc>
<doc id="20721218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721218" title="Leonard Dyer">
Leonard Dyer

Leonard H. Dyer (1897–1955) was an inventor, patent attorney, and yachtsman from Washington, DC.
Inventions.
The most remarkable of his inventions was a patented six stroke engine using water injected as a 5th stroke for extra power and cooling, to be ejected on the final (sixth) exhaust stroke. Though this patent does not have an extensive past, it came up in 2008 with regards to the Crower six stroke engine.
Personal life.
Mr. Dyer was a member of somewhat high society, with a net worth of at least $500,000 in 1922. He owned the Yacht "Jack 'O Lantern," which was piloted to several victories by Abbot H. Brush.
Despite his high ties, there was trouble at home. In late 1922, a petition for divorce was filed by his wife, Josephine Dryer in Greenwich, Connecticut, citing intolerable cruelty, and infidelity with a young woman from Greenwich.

</doc>
<doc id="20721229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721229" title="Jessica Shynn">
Jessica Shynn

Jessica Elizabeth Pauline Shynn (born 20 August 1982 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian netball player. She represented the national squad from 2002–2004, and was a member of the open squad in 2005 and 2006. Shynn played franchise netball in the Commonwealth Bank Trophy for her home team Perth Orioles from 1999–2006. In 2006 she came down with a knee injury and has an undecided future in the game. She has not yet played in the new Trans-Tasman league, the ANZ Championship. Shynn has nine test caps for Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20721254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721254" title="Dave Aron">
Dave Aron

David Royce Aron (born August 29, 1964) is a multi-platinum recording engineer, live and studio mixer, record producer, and musician. Some of his past clients include 2 Pac, Snoop Dogg, Sublime, Wu-Tang Clan, Prince, Nate Dogg, Perry Farrell, Bobby Brown, Dr. Dre and U2. Aron is currently touring with Snoop Dogg while continuing to pursue educational and business ventures worldwide.
Early life.
Aron was born in Asbury Park, New Jersey, the son of 1950s be-bop trumpet player Al Aron and twenty year band director Dorothy Marshall. He played the clarinet in his high school's marching and jazz bands. In 1982, after attending Rutgers University for a year, he enrolled in the University of Memphis' recording program, where he split his time between the recording studios and the football field as a walk on tight end.
Career.
Aron took an internship at WHBQ radio and Ardent Studios in Memphis, Tennessee. In 1987, he landed his first professional job at Sun Studios, where he worked as studio manager and chief engineer, eventually working with U2 when the band recorded some songs for their "Rattle and Hum" album. In 1990, Aron moved to Los Angeles and began working at Music Grinder Recording. He later landed a staff engineer position at Larrabee Sound.
After working with multiple artists at Larrabee, he worked with Prince on ""My Name is Prince"", ""Sexy M.F".", and an acoustic version of "7", which Aron mixed and which was released as a single. In 1993, Aron began a long affiliation with Death Row Records. He served as engineer and mixer for Tupac Shakur's album "All Eyez on Me", as well as "Death Rows Greatest Hits", and all of Snoop Dogg's albums from "Doggystyle" to "Paid the Cost to be the Boss". To date, he exclusively mixes all of Snoop Dogg's live performances. In 1996, reggae-tinged rock band Sublime hired Aron as the producer for their self-titled debut "Sublime". His influence can be heard on their single "What I Got" which reached "#1" on Billboard's Modern Rock chart and helped sell over five million copies of their album. He also collaborated on a Snoop Dogg and Sublime remix for "Doin Time", released in 2005.
Aron currently owns his own studio in Los Angeles, located high in the Hollywood Hills. He is also working on a series of instructional mixing DVD's entitled "Platinum Hip Hop Mixing", and educational seminars to help teach the generations of tomorrow about music, mixing, engineering and the music industry.
Select discography.
Aron's credits include:

</doc>
<doc id="20721255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721255" title="Bond v. United States (2000)">
Bond v. United States (2000)

Bond v United States, , was a United States Supreme Court Fourth Amendment case that applied the ruling of "Minnesota v. Dickerson" to luggage, which held that police may not physically manipulate items without a warrant without violating the Fourth Amendment.
Background.
During an immigration status check of a passenger on a bus in Texas, a United States Border Patrol Agent squeezed the soft luggage of Steven D Bond. The Agent thought the bag held a "brick-like" object. After Bond admitted that it was his bag and then consented to a search of the bag, the Border Patrol Agent found a "brick" of methamphetamine. Bond was arrested and indicted on Federal drug charges. Bond moved to suppress the "brick" of methamphetamine, because the agent had conducted an illegal search of the bag when squeezing it. He claimed that this was a violation of the Federal Constitution's Fourth Amendment prohibition on unreasonable searches and seizures. The district court denied the motion, and found Bond guilty. The Court of Appeals held that the agent's manipulation of the bag was not a search under the Fourth Amendment.
The issue before the Court was primarily: was the United States Border Patrol Agent's manipulation of the carry-on luggage a violation of the Fourth Amendment?
Opinion of the Court.
A 7–2 ruling delivered by Chief Justice William Rehnquist held that "Agent Cantu's physical manipulation of Petitioner's carry-on bag violated the Fourth Amendment's proscription against unreasonable searches."

</doc>
<doc id="20721263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721263" title="Prafulla Kumar Das">
Prafulla Kumar Das

Prafullah Kumar Das (born c. 1930) was the Chief Minister of Tripura state of India from 1 April 1977 to 25 July 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20721297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721297" title="Sachindra Lal Singh">
Sachindra Lal Singh

Sachindra Lal Singh (4 August 1907 – 8 December 2000) was a leader of the Indian National Congress and the first Chief Minister of Tripura state in northeastern India from 1 July 1963 to 1 November 1971. In 1977, he became the leader of the newly formed Congress for Democracy party. He was elected to the sixth Lok Sabha from Tripura West constituency as a candidate of this party.

</doc>
<doc id="20721325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721325" title="Sukhamoy Sen Gupta">
Sukhamoy Sen Gupta

Sukhamoy Sen Gupta, also known as Sukhamoy Sengupta, was the Chief Minister of Tripura in India from 20 March 1972 to 30 March 1977

</doc>
<doc id="20721333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721333" title="Holiday Spirits">
Holiday Spirits

Holiday Spirits is the debut studio album by American men's a cappella singing group, Straight No Chaser. It was released in the US on October 28, 2008. It has peaked to number 46 on the U.S. Billboard 200.

</doc>
<doc id="20721353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721353" title="Herman Landon">
Herman Landon

Major-General Herman James Shelley Landon, CB, CMG, (23 August 1859 – 16 October 1948), was a British Army officer. During the Boer War he commanded a battalion, and was promoted in the interwar period to take command of a brigade in the British Expeditionary Force. He commanded the brigade during the early fighting on the Western Front in the First World War, and succeeded to the command of 1st Infantry Division when his commanding officer was killed at the First Battle of Ypres; he later commanded four more New Army divisions during the war.
Early career.
Herman Landon was born in August 1859, the son of James Landon and Mary Maria Landon; he had one elder sister, Leititia, and a substantially older stepsister, Geraldine Leigh. The family was comfortably well off, living in the respectable area of Paddington, London.
James Landon was an Indian cotton merchant; though predominantly involved in growing rather than processing, he had been responsible for setting up one of the first successful cotton mills in India, at Bharuch in Gujarat, in 1854. Later in the decade he advised Ranchhodlal Chhotalal on the development of a similar mill in Ahmedabad. He died in March 1879, leaving a substantial estate of eight to nine thousand pounds.
Herman Landon was educated at Harrow from 1874 to 1876, leaving just before his seventeenth birthday. He later attended the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, passing out in 1879 and taking a commission in the 6th Regiment of Foot. He served in the Sudan in 1898, where he saw action at the Battle of Atbara and the Battle of Omdurman, and was mentioned in despatches. He returned to Africa in 1900, in the Boer War, where he took temporary command of his battalion, the 2nd Royal Warwickshire Regiment, from March to November. For this service, he was again mentioned in despatches, as well as being given a brevet promotion to lieutenant colonel.
He then was sent to India, where he joined the 1st Battalion of the Royal Warwickshires, and in 1902 was promoted to substantive lieutenant colonel, and given command of the battalion. He remained in command until 1906, receiving a brevet promotion to colonel in 1904. From February to October 1906 he was on half-pay, and in October was appointed Inspector of Gymnasia in India. In 1907, he was promoted substantive colonel. He returned to an active command in 1910, when he was made a Brigadier-General and given command of 3rd Brigade.
He married Christian Sharp in 1903, and they had one daughter.
First World War.
The 3rd Brigade, part of 1st Infantry Division, mobilised with the British Expeditionary Force on the outbreak of the First World War, and was sent to France. Landon commanded it during the Retreat from Mons, the Battle of the Marne and the Battle of the Aisne, and was promoted to Major-General in October. During the First Battle of Ypres, the divisional commander, Major General Samuel Lomax, was killed in action, and Landon took acting command. By the end of the battle in November, he himself was invalided home, and was relieved as divisional commander by Major General David Henderson. He was formally replaced in command of his brigade by Lieutenant-Colonel Richard Butler on 13 November.
On his recovery in December, he was appointed Inspector of Infantry, and early in 1915 was appointed to command the 9th (Scottish) Division of the New Army. He accompanied it to France, but was replaced in September due to ill health, before the division saw combat at the Battle of Loos. In October he took command of the 33rd Division, this time remaining with the division when it went into combat at the Battle of the Somme in July 1916. In September he was appointed to command the 35th Division, remaining with it until July 1917, when his health forced him to retire from active service. From August 1917 to May 1918 he commanded the 64th Division in the Home Forces, finally retiring from the Army on 19 August 1919. 
During the war, he was Mentioned in Despatches three more times.</ref> After the War, he was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG). He also received the Croix de Guerre and was appointed a Commander of the Belgian Order of Leopold.

</doc>
<doc id="20721374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721374" title="Arrington (disambiguation)">
Arrington (disambiguation)

Arrington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20721377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721377" title="Buffalo CarShare">
Buffalo CarShare

Buffalo CarShare is a non-profit carsharing organization located in Buffalo, New York. The establishment of this organization began in the summer of 2008 and serves the city of Buffalo and its surroundings. Their mission statement is “to provide affordable, community-based car sharing services that benefit the environment through practical innovation." 
The Buffalo CarShare has set up a system for members that includes the cost of gas and a small charge of mileage, insurance, and maintenance in the rental. The organization's main goals are threefold; environmentally they seek to reduce CO2 emissions and vehicles miles traveled, cost reduction of car ownership and as well as socially by providing a healthier alternative lifestyle.
Future.
Buffalo CarShare is currently engaged in a growing process.

</doc>
<doc id="20721460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721460" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1915–1921">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1915–1921

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1915 and 1921. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20721490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721490" title="James Bowman">
James Bowman

James Bowman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20721496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721496" title="Historia Roderici">
Historia Roderici

The Historia Roderici ("History of Rodrigo"), originally Gesta Roderici Campi Docti ("Deeds of Rodrigo el Campeador") and sometimes in Spanish Crónica latina del Cid ("Latin Chronicle of the Cid"), is an anonymous Latin prose history of the Castilian folk hero Rodrigo Díaz, better known as El Cid Campeador. 
It is generally written in a simple, unadorned Latin by an author who reveals no knowledge of a wide reading; his only reference to other literature is a Biblical reminiscence in chapter 28. 
Modern editors have divided the work into seventy-seven chapters (not in the original). The author apparently knew little of Rodrigo's life before his marriage to Jimena, and the whole of it is narrated in the first six chapters. The details of Rodrigo's career leading up to and including his exile in Zaragoza (1081–86) are related with more confidence (chapters 7–24). The period of Rodrigo's return to the court of Alfonso VI of León and to Castile (1086–88) are passed over quickly (chapters 25–27), as are the years 1095–96, during which Rodrigo ruled Valencia. The largest portion of the history (chapters 28–64) is devoted to his second exile and conquest of Valencia (1089–95). The final section (chapters 65–75) covers the last two years of Rodrigo's life and a brief epilogue (chapters 76–77) describes the Christian evacuation of Valencia in 1102 under the direction of Jimena. The coverage is by no means even, as the author admits in chapter 27: "Not all the wars and warlike exploits which Rodrigo accomplished with his knights and companions are written in this book." 
The earliest preserved manuscript of the work dates to the first half of the thirteenth century. It was found in the late eighteenth century in San Isidoro in León, but was probably originally copied in Castile or La Rioja. It is now MS 9/4922 in the library of the Real Academia de la Historia in Madrid. This manuscript contains many examples of early Spanish historiography: Isidore of Seville's "Historia Gothorum", Julian of Toledo's "Historia Wambae", the "Chronicle of Alfonso III", the "Chronica Naierensis", and royal genealogies. Several errors in the "Historia Roderici" indicate that this manuscript is a copy. Possibly it is the copy mentioned in a document of 1239 as being copied at the priory of Carrión in 1232/3 from an exemplar of the monastery of Nájera, but this cannot be proved. 
R. A. Fletcher tentatively dates the "Historia" to before 1125. In chapter 23, the scribe of the Madrid manuscript put "Súnchez" for the correct patronymic "Sánchez", an orthographic error that may originate in a misreading of Visigothic script. The script, once common all over Spain, was disappearing in central Spain by 1125 and was all but extinct there by the 1140s, replaced by the script called "francesa" and adopted from France. Since the Visigothic 'a' had an open top, it resembled the French 'u'. The copyist was probably working from a Visigothic original (or faithful copy). 

</doc>
<doc id="20721502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721502" title="Weekly Shōnen Champion">
Weekly Shōnen Champion

History.
"Shōnen Champion" was first published 15 July 1969. It has had numerous popular series by manga artists such as Osamu Tezuka, Go Nagai, Shinji Mizushima, and Keisuke Itagaki. The magazine is published every Thursday.

</doc>
<doc id="20721527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721527" title="Banking in Pakistan">
Banking in Pakistan

Banking in Pakistan first formally started in Pakistan during the period of British colonialism in the South Asia. After independence from British Raj in 1947, and the emergence of Pakistan as a country in the globe, the scope of banking in Pakistan has been increasing and expanding continuously. Pakistan's oldest bank is the State Bank of Pakistan, which is also the central bank of the nation. Before independence on August 14, 1947, the Reserve Bank of India was the central bank of what is now Pakistan. After independence, Muhammad Ali Jinnah took actions to establish a central bank in Pakistan which resulted in the new founding of the State bank of Pakistan, with its headquarters to be based in Karachi. 
Only 7% of the population uses the banks, has tremendous potential but this needs to be pushed a little further

</doc>
<doc id="20721571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721571" title="Haruko Sagara">
Haruko Sagara

Haruko Sagara (相楽 晴子, Sagara Haruko, born March 1, 1968 in Koriyama, Fukushima, Japan) is a Japanese actress and ex-idol singer in the 1980s.
She debuted in 1985 with her role as Okyo in the cult TV series "Sukeban Deka II". She won the Award for Best Supporting Actress at the 11th Yokohama Film Festival for "Dotsuitarunen". After some 10 movies, 20 TV series, 10 singles and 2 albums, she quit her career in 1995 to settle in Los Angeles, where she married an American, becoming Haruka Haynes. In 2008, she opened a travel agency in Hawaii.
Discography.
Albums.
1986/07/01 : Bitter Kiss
1990/08/29 : 
Compilation.
2005/11/30 : 

</doc>
<doc id="20721579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721579" title="Friedrich Baethgen">
Friedrich Baethgen

Friedrich Jürgen Baethgen (July 30, 1890 – June 18, 1972) was a German historian born in Greifswald. He specialized in medieval studies and history of the papacy.
He studied history at the Universities of Berlin and Heidelberg, earning his doctorate in 1913 under the tutelage of Karl Hampe (1869–1936) with a thesis on Pope Innocent III. Afterwards, he was a lecturer and associate professor at Heidelberg, becoming a professor of history at the University of Königsberg in 1929. From 1939 to 1948 he taught classes in Berlin.
In 1927, Baethgen was appointed second secretary at the German Historical Institute in Rome. From 1948 to 1959, he was president of the "Monumenta Germaniae Historica", and from 1956 to 1964, he was president of the "Bayerischen Akademie der Wissenschaften" (Bavarian Academy of Sciences).

</doc>
<doc id="20721602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721602" title="Palm Walk">
Palm Walk

Palm Walk is a pedestrian mall on Arizona State University's Tempe campus lined on either side with palm trees.
Palm Walk starts at the foot of University Bridge and extends south to the entrance to the Student Recreation Complex, a distance of about 0.4 miles.
The mall is roughly aligned with Normal Avenue, a Tempe city street located directly south of the campus. (A noncontiguous portion of Normal Avenue also exists in the same alignment in northern Tempe.)
History.
Trees were planted toward the north end of Palm Walk in 1916, and trees were added to the south end in the 1930s. There are 111 trees lining palm walk.
In the 1930s, Palm Walk marked the eastern boundary of the Tempe campus, but ASU has since grown to the point that Palm Walk now serves as a central artery through the campus.
University Archives maintains a Web site that displays photos of Palm Walk from the 1930s, 1946, 1957, 1966, and the 1990s. A crowded Palm Walk is a standard photograph often used by the university to illustrate press releases about its growing enrollment.
Controversy.
In the fall of 2005, a Hot or Not-style rating site, PalmWalk.com, featured pictures of female students photographed on the campus walkway and asked users to rate their appearance.
The site — and particularly the indication that many of the pictures posted there were taken without the knowledge or permission of the women pictured — drew the ire of a columnist at The State Press, and the campus newspaper's editorial board also expressed its disapproval of the site.
PalmWalk.com also attracted attention from university administrators and police and spurred the creation of PalmShock.com, which allowed users to vent their frustration about the rating site.

</doc>
<doc id="20721606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721606" title="Lepashe River">
Lepashe River

The Lepashe River is a natural watercourse in Botswana. It shares its name with the village of Lepashe, through which the river flows. The Lepashe River discharges to the Sua Pan. There are significant gravel resources along some reaches of the Lepashe River.

</doc>
<doc id="20721614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721614" title="BC Clark Jewelers">
BC Clark Jewelers

BC Clark Jewelers is a full-service jeweler that currently operates three stores in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The company, founded in Purcell, Indian Territory in 1892, claims to be "Oklahoma's oldest jeweler." Today, the company operates three locations in Oklahoma City.
BC Clark is most well known for its "Anniversary Sale" jingle, which was originally created in 1956. The jingle is played in advertisements for the retailer's five-week advertising campaign during the holiday shopping season, always starting during the evening on Thanksgiving Day. According to the company, the jingle "may be the longest continuously running jingle in the entire United States." The jingle is seen as somewhat of a local "tradition" by many from the Oklahoma City area who are used to hearing it during the holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="20721717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721717" title="Tianhe Coach Terminal Station">
Tianhe Coach Terminal Station

Tianhe Coach Terminal Station () is a terminus on Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro, as well as a station on Guangzhou Metro's Line 6. It started operations on 30December 2006. It is located under the junction of Tianyuan Road () and the Guangzhou North Ring Expressway () in the Tianhe District. It is next to the Tianhe Coach Terminal (), which has services to other locations in Guangdong and other provinces in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20721719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721719" title="Proposed VFL/AFL clubs">
Proposed VFL/AFL clubs

Proposed VFL/AFL clubs are clubs that at various points in the history of the Australian Football League have been or were distinct possibilities but either did not or have not yet eventuated. Due to their association with the national Australian competition, they have drawn a large amount of controversy and media attention.
1896.
The VFL was formed in 1896 when Carlton, Collingwood, Essendon, Fitzroy, Geelong, Melbourne, South Melbourne and St Kilda left the Victorian Football Association. A number of other VFA clubs were touted as becoming members of the League at this time, the most notable being North Melbourne and Port Melbourne. North was denied entry due to Essendon believing that it would take its recruiting areas. Port was denied entry in favour of South due to its reputation of having unruly fans. North Melbourne eventually gained admission in 1925, and Port Melbourne continued to play in the VFA.
North Melbourne (1907, 1921).
After the split between the VFL and VFA, North Melbourne became one of the stronger clubs in the VFA. In 1908, after University was admitted to the league, North Melbourne merged with West Melbourne and applied to become the tenth team in the league, under the name City Football Club; but, proposal was rejected and Richmond was admitted instead. North Melbourne and West Melbourne were kicked out of the VFA for attempting to defect, but North Melbourne returned to the VFA the same year under a new committee.
In another attempt to gain admission, North Melbourne proposed a merger with Essendon in 1921, when Essendon attempted to move to the Arden Street Oval after its home ground at East Melbourne was closed. The proposal was rejected and both clubs continued in their previous states. North Melbourne finally gained admission to the VFL in 1925.
Footscray (1919, 1922, 1923).
In the decade following World War I, Footscray became a powerhouse of the VFA. It was a rich club in a strong industrial area, and was able to recruit players aggressively from the VFL. It first applied for membership of the VFL in 1919, and then again in 1922 and 1923. It was admitted in 1925.
1925.
Between 1919 and 1925 the VFL sought expressions of interest from clubs wishing to gain admittance to the League. While Footscray, Hawthorn and North Melbourne were accepted in 1925, a number of existing VFA clubs were considered. The VFA clubs were Brighton, Brunswick, Port Melbourne and Prahran.
One impediment that the VFL encountered when considering admitting existing VFA clubs to its ranks in 1925 was the existing recruiting districts; the VFL clubs' districts had been drawn up equitably in 1915, and clubs were unwilling to surrender portions of their districts to incoming VFA clubs. One attempt to overcome this was the Public Service Football Club, which would draw its players from the public service rather than from a geographical district. The Public Service club was formally established in 1924 and was based at the newly-built Motordrome, and it applied to join the VFL in 1925; but its application was rejected and the club disbanded without playing a game.
1980s and 1990s.
While between 1925 to 1986 the same twelve clubs competed in the VFL, with the only exceptions being in 1942 and 1943 when Geelong went into recess due to travel restrictions, petrol rationing and loss of players to service in World War II, and in 1982 when the financially troubled South Melbourne relocated to Sydney, there were a number of developments in the 1980s when new clubs were proposed as the League became the pre-eminent competition in the country.
East Perth (1980).
In 1980 East Perth of the West Australian Football League applied to join the VFL as the League's first non-Victorian club. Nothing came of this application.
Port Adelaide (1990).
Seven years before its debut season in the AFL as Port Power, the then SANFL club Port Adelaide applied to become the AFL's first South Australian club. This move resulted in the SANFL creating the Adelaide Crows in response to what was viewed as a desertion to the league.
Fitzroy.
The Fitzroy Football Club, while being a league powerhouse in the early 1900s, found itself in financial difficulties by the 1980s. A number of mergers and relocations were proposed by both the league and the club throughout the 1980s and 1990s, culminating in the club merging its playing operations with the Brisbane Bears in 1996.
A plan for Fitzroy to relocate to Sydney had its beginnings in Easter 1979, when Fitzroy president Frank Bibby and Graeme Plum (Fitzroy committeeman 1979-1983) were invited by Kevin Humphries, president of the NSW Rugby League, to the Sydney Cricket Ground, for the 'Rugby League Marathon'. During the game Bibby and Plum concluded that there was a great opportunity for Australian football in Sydney and that Fitzroy should be a part of that. The club carried out a series of fact finding work, including lining up a deal with a licenced Australian rules club in North Sydney to act as a social club, finding sponsors and even lining up a bank to assist with finances, if they were given significant representation on the board. The promising initial findings encouraged some of those on the Fitzroy committee to consider a move was worthy of more investigation.
In July 1980, President Frank Bibby stated publicly that Fitzroy was effectively bankrupt. The Club was $300,000 in debt and the deficit was expected to be $400,000 by the end of the VFL season in September. On 15 July, the Club defaulted on a cheque for $17,500 to the Australian Taxation Office, wages cheques were expected to be dishonoured that week; creditor could not be paid; an annual repayment of a major loan was six months overdue; a taxi company threatened the previous week to stop servicing the Club unless there was a significant payment on an outstanding account, and overdue maintenance work continued to force staff to work in sub-standard accommodation. Bibby proposed that Fitzroy relocate to Sydney. Fitzroy's solicitor David Cotter registered the name "Sydney Lions." The guernsey of the new Sydney Lions would have been the existing Fitzroy guernsey with the 'FFC' monogram replaced by a 'SFC' monogram.
At the time Fitzroy Football Club was not incorporated (this would occur in 1981) and any significant move such as relocation needed the approval of members at an extraordinary meeting. Fitzroy held a series of these at the Fitzroy Town Hall. Finally at the end of the season, a fund raising campaign was attended by 1200 supporters at the Camberwell Civic Centre, the relocation was finally put to rest, with an announcement that Fitzroy would not be relocating to Sydney made on 19 August 1980. Three weeks later Frank Bibby announced his resignation from the Fitzroy presidency, after five years in office.
Fitzroy enjoyed modest success following Frank Bibby's resignation, finishing fourth in 1981 and 1983 and fifth in 1984. However the Lions were unable to develop their existing home ground - the Junction Oval - because of financial constraints. On field success did not translate into increased membership and revenue with Fitzroy eventually moving to play home games at Victoria Park in 1985, five years after the shift to Sydney was first mooted. 
While the Fitzroy Lions eventually merged with the Brisbane Bears in 1996, ten years earlier the VFL proposed to relocate Fitzroy to Brisbane. Fitzroy launched the "Fitzroy Forever" campaign to keep the club in Melbourne. The VFL was keen to expand into Brisbane and Fitzroy was in favour of a possible relocation. Fitzroy's players, after training at Wesley College one Sunday morning late in the 1986 season were told of the proposal to relocate to Brisbane. Knowing that Fitzroy were in desperate financial trouble, they voted almost unanimously in favour of the shift. However a saviour was found for Fitzroy when a company called Hecron announced a deal to keep the Lions in Melbourne and combined with a ladder finish of third in the 1986 season, further encouraged the club to remain in Melbourne. However the VFL rejected the Hecron deal which required that Hecron become a part owner of Fitzroy and while the company still became a sponsor of Fitzroy, their sponsorship was reduced.
The Melbourne Lions was to have been a new club made up from the merger of the Melbourne Football Club and the Fitzroy Football Club. The merger would have taken place at the end of 1986 and the club would have debuted in 1987. The jumper of the new team was essentially the traditional red and blue Melbourne jumper with a gold band separating the two colours, the gold Fitzroy lion logo featured on the front and a gold number on the back. Most of the merger details had been worked out in negotiations by both boards. It was established that Fitzroy chairman Leon Weigard and Melbourne president Stuart Spencer would share presidential duties, while the committee would be an even split of the current Fitzroy and Melbourne boards. The proposed merger was within a couple of days of being put to the members of Melbourne and Fitzroy for voting. However Fitzroy president Leon Weigard asked for more time in the hope that he could raise a substantial amount of money in the hope of keeping the Fitzroy Football Club as an independent entity in the then VFL (now AFL). Melbourne president Stuart Spencer then discontinued talks and the proposed merger was off.
Melbourne and Fitzroy again discussed a merger in 1994. This time Melbourne president Ian Ridley and Fitzroy chairman Dyson Hore-Lacy conducted talks. These talks began in late July 1994 at the city offices of Noel McMahon (Melbourne's vice president). While many of the merger details were the same as in 1986, a major sticking point was Dyson Hore-Lacy's insistence that "Fitzroy" remain part of any merged club's name; for example the "Melbourne - Fitzroy Football Club". However an in-principle' tentative agreement was reached that a company called the "Melbourne Football Club - Fitzroy Football Club Pty Ltd", operating as the "Melbourne Lions" would operate in the AFL for the 1995 season. 
On Thursday 4 August 1994, Dyson Hore-Lacy met with Geoff Lord the President of the Hawthorn Football Club and John Lauritz, Hawthorn's Chief Executive Officer to discuss the possibility of a merger between Fitzroy and Hawthorn where a new club would be formed known as the "Hawthorn Lions." However as Fitzroy had a tentative in principle agreement with the Melbourne Football Club to merge, the proposed merger with Hawthorn was rejected. 
On Friday 5 August 1994, representatives of Melbourne and Fitzroy met the AFL commission who were supportive of the idea for Fitzroy and Melbourne to merge. Later that day Dyson Hore-Lacy met with Ron Casey, Peter de Rauch and Ken Montogomery of North Melbourne and informed them they were committed to merging with Melbourne. North Melbourne was informed that Fitzroy would be interested in talking to North Melbourne if the proposed merge with Melbourne did not work out. 
The Melbourne board decided that not only was the name a problem, but the benefits of a merger with Fitzroy were limited. Like Melbourne, Fitzroy lacked a permanent training venue and had limited resources to make any new club, a strong powerful entity.
The Fitzroy Bulldogs was to have been a team made up from the merger of the Footscray Football Club and the Fitzroy Football Club. The merger would have taken place in 1989 and the club would have debuted in 1990, but Footscray supporters went against the merger held a number of Fundraisers to save the club from extinction.
The North Fitzroy Kangaroos Football Club was to have been a team made up from the merger of the North Melbourne Football Club and the Fitzroy Football Club. The merger would have taken place in 1996 and the club would have debuted in 1997, but the merger didn't eventuate as Fitzroy was placed in administration during the 1996 season and the administrator accepted a merger offer from the Brisbane Bears, forming the Brisbane Lions. North Melbourne continues to play in the AFL in its original state.
Timeline of the merger negotiations between Fitzroy and North Melbourne
Melbourne Hawks (1996).
The Melbourne Hawks would have consisted of the merger between the Melbourne and Hawthorn Football Clubs at the end of the 1996 season. Out of all the proposed merger combinations in the 1990s, it was seemed as ideal as it was known that Hawthorn had a football team which ranked as one of the best of all time but were in a dire financial situation, as opposed to Melbourne which had a sound financial base but were a club which historically did not perform on-field.
Despite the controversial approval of the Melbourne Football Club board and members, the merger was voted out by Hawthorn members after a passionate campaign led by Don Scott.
Tasmania (mid-1990s, 2008).
Tasmania is traditionally a strong Australian Football state, and as such has been touted as being a location for an AFL club. The first serious proposal was made in the mid-1990s, as the League expanded further. The licences were eventually granted to Fremantle and Port Adelaide.
The second Tasmania bid occurred in 2008 as the League announced that it wanted to expand further into Queensland and New South Wales. These licenses were granted to the Gold Coast and GWS. For more information see Tasmanian AFL Bid.

</doc>
<doc id="20721762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721762" title="Tristan Crawford">
Tristan Crawford

Tristian Gary Crawford born July 22, 1982 in Anchorage, Alaska is an Australian pitcher for the Canberra Cavalry. 
He was signed to the Minnesota Twins organisation in 2000 and played AA and AAA until 2008.
Crawford used to play for the Runcorn Indians and the Redlands Rays but now resides with the Windsor Royals. He also has represented the Australian team at the 2006 World Baseball Classic and the Queensland Rams in the Claxton Shield. He debuted for the Cavalry in 2011 against his home team, the Brisbane Bandits, throwing 5 innings for 1 earned run.

</doc>
<doc id="20721779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721779" title="Hantai">
Hantai

Hantai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20721789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721789" title="List of Disney animated characters">
List of Disney animated characters

The following is an alphabetic list of major and recurring animated characters in the Walt Disney universe of animated shorts, feature films, and television series based on films, originally conceived by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Some of the following animated characters have been included in their own Disney marketing franchise, including the Disney Princesses, Disney Villains and the Disney Fairies.

</doc>
<doc id="20721807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721807" title="Urban Planning Society of China">
Urban Planning Society of China

The Urban Planning Society of China (UPSC) (中国城市规划学会), voluntarily incorporated by urban planners across the People's Republic of China in 1956, is the only legally registered academic organization at state level.
Aims.
UPSC is devoted to organizing international and national academic activities involving urban planning issues, promoting planning knowledge and technologies, providing consulting service to governmental agencies at all levels, publishing planning books, academic papers and other publications, protecting the lawful rights of urban planners, conducting professional development, granting honour and award to distinguished individuals or organizations.
History.
Urban Planning Society of China was formerly known as Urban and Rural Planning Committee under the Architectural Society of China. It was ceased for any activity during the Cultural Revolution period and was re-organized in August 1978. In 1992, UPSC formally registered as a non-governmental organization with approval by Ministry of Construction and Ministry of Civil Affairs. UPSC former and current Presidents are Wang Wenke, Cao Hongtao, Zheng Xiaoxie, Wu Liangyong and Zhou Ganzhi. 
Organization.
UPSC has four working committees, i.e. organizational, youth, publishing and academic, and eleven academic committees, i.e. regional planning and urban economy, residential area planning, planning and design of landscape and environment, planning and design of historic and cultural cities, application of new techniques, small town planning, overseas urban planning, engineering planning, urban design, city ecological planning and construction, urban safety and disaster prevention planning. The Society administrative function stays at Secretariat with three subordinate offices, i.e. Editorial Department, Consulting Department and Liaison Office. The past and current Secretary General include An Yongyu, Xia Zonggan and Shi Nan.
See also.
Lists.
Levels:

</doc>
<doc id="20721839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721839" title="Brunswick River (Western Australia)">
Brunswick River (Western Australia)

Brunswick River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.
The river rises in the Darling Range then flows south-west discharging into the Collie River near Australind.
The river was named in 1830 by Lieutenant-Governor James Stirling after Ernest Augustus I, Duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg and King of Hanover, the fifth son and eighth child of George III. Over a period of 5 days in December 1813, while in command of "H. M. Sloop Brazen", Captain Stirling took the Duke and his entourage to Wijk aan Zee in Holland. 
The Brunwick has six tributaries; Wellesley River, Ernest River, Elvira Gully, Augustus River, Frederic River and Lunenburgh River.

</doc>
<doc id="20721862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721862" title="United Nations Association of Thailand">
United Nations Association of Thailand

The United Nations Association of Thailand (UNAT) was established in 1953 as a non-profit organization aiming to promote greater knowledge and awareness of works and principles of the United Nations among the general public as well as to provide updated information on its work and contributions to the international community. The Association has devoted to the promotion of peace, justice, development and human rights. It also supports cooperation, friendship and understanding among sovereign states as well as the world’s citizens.
Activities.
UNAT’s works cover a wide range of activities such as seminar, exhibition, quiz, essay competition and painting competition on issues related to the UN works and principles. Several projects aim at reaching out to the Thai people in every part of the country. UNAT has been doing its part to assist the UN and the Thai people to come closer and to join hands in the quest for a better world.
The Association has issued a periodical newsletter to disseminate views and information on interesting international issues.
Committee and Members.
The UNAT committee for the term of 2008-2010 consists of 13 members, with Ambassador Manaspas Xuto, a renowned diplomat, presiding as the President of the Association. Membership is open to interested individuals and institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20721866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721866" title="Wushan Station">
Wushan Station

Wushan Station () is a station on Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro, which started operations on 30December 2006. It is located at the under the junction of Yuehan Road () and Yuezhou Road () in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China, adjacent to the South China Agricultural University.

</doc>
<doc id="20721887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721887" title="Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1921–1927">
Members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council, 1921–1927

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian Legislative Council between 1921 and 1927. Terms of the Legislative Council did not coincide with Legislative Assembly elections, and members served six year terms, with a number of members facing election each year.

</doc>
<doc id="20721903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721903" title="Charlotte Best">
Charlotte Best

Charlotte Best (born 16 January 1994) is an Australian actress.
Early and personal life.
Best grew up in the town of Gosford where she attended Central Coast Grammar School. She then moved to Sydney with her family attending SCEGGS Redlands for a short time. She then studied performing arts full-time at Mosman High of peforming arts on the North Shore She has three brothers. Best completed her HSC in 2011, graduating from Oxford Falls Grammar School with a music award. As of 2012, she is enrolled as a student at the University of Technology, Sydney.
When younger, Best regularly appeared as a fashion model in both "Barbie" and "Total Girl" magazines. She was the face for Miss Metalicus clothing and appeared on "Comedy Inc". Best has been an ambassador for the charities Cure our Kids and
World Vision.
As of February 2013, Best has been dating Masterchef Australia 2012 winner, Andy Allen.
Career.
Charlotte is best known for her role as Annie Campbell in the long running TV series "Home and Away" between 2007 and 2010. Her character went on a student exchange to Japan, commencing October 2009, which was originally scheduled to be for 6 months. She returned on screen in March 2010, on a 6-week holiday break from Japan, before leaving again. Best earned a nomination for Most Popular New Female Talent at the Logie Awards of 2008, which was won by Bindi Irwin.
In March 2012, it was announced, that Best had been cast as Cheryl Hayes in Network Ten's drama series "Puberty Blues", which is based on the 1979 novel of the same name by Gabrielle Carey and Kathy Lette.

</doc>
<doc id="20721906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721906" title="Valerie Terrigno">
Valerie Terrigno

Valerie Susan Terrigno (born 1954) was elected to the first city council of West Hollywood, California when it was incorporated in 1984. She was selected by the council to be the mayor, making her the first openly lesbian mayor of an incorporated municipality in the United States.
Her best-known action as mayor was, after the city council passed an anti-discrimination ordinance, taking down a controversial anti-gay sign, "Fagots Stay Out," that was posted in a local landmark restaurant, Barney's Beanery. During her term, the council passed a strong rent-control law, and also began offering domestic partnership benefits, becoming the second American city to legally recognize same-sex relationships (Berkeley had passed a similar law a year earlier).
After serving for one year as mayor of the city (a largely ceremonial position that rotated annually among the members of the city council), she was convicted in 1986 of embezzling and misappropriating $9,000 in federal grant funds during her pre-mayoral time as chief executive officer of Crossroads Counseling Center, an agency for the poor and homeless in West Hollywood. On the witness stand Terrigno acknowledged making "errors in judgment" but denied any criminal wrongdoing. Federal District Judge Laughlin Waters sentenced Terrigno to 60 days, which she served in a halfway house. Terrigno claimed that she was targeted for being a lesbian, but jurors denied that her sexual orientation was a factor in their deliberations. She resigned her city council seat in 1986. 
Terrigno's planned appearance at the 1986 West Hollywood gay pride parade, representing a local restaurant, sparked controversy. Parade organizers were prepared to bar her from participating but Terrigno voluntarily withdrew. Longtime gay activist Harry Hay, angered at what he believed was unfair treatment, walked the parade route with a sign reading "Valerie Terrigno walks with me".

</doc>
<doc id="20721915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721915" title="South China Normal University Station">
South China Normal University Station

South China Normal University Station or Huashi Station () is a station of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 30 December 2006. It is located at the junction of Tianhe Road North () and Wushan Road () in Tianhe District. Its name is from the nearby South China Normal University.

</doc>
<doc id="20721930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721930" title="Eden (newspaper)">
Eden (newspaper)

Eden is an English-language newspaper published from Limbe, Cameroon.

</doc>
<doc id="20721939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721939" title="Classification of Champagne vineyards">
Classification of Champagne vineyards

The classification of Champagne vineyards developed in the mid-20th century as a means of setting the price of grapes grown through the villages of the Champagne wine region. Unlike the classification of Bordeaux wine estates or Burgundy Grand cru vineyards, the classification of Champagne is broken down based on what village the vineyards are located in. A percentile system known as the "Échelle des Crus" ("ladder of growth") acts as a pro-rata system for determining grape prices. Vineyards located in villages with high rates will receive higher prices for their grapes than vineyards located in villages with a lower rating. While the "Échelle des Crus" system was originally conceived as a 1-100 point scale, in practice, the lowest rated villages are rated at 80%. "Premier crus" villages are rated between 90 and 99 percent while the highest rated villages, with 100% ratings are "Grand crus".
Origins.
Prior to the development of the "Échelle des Crus" systems, the Champagne industry functioned on a business dynamic that heavily favored the Champagne houses over the vine growers. Since making sparkling wine is a costly and time consuming endeavor, most vine growers did not have the means or finances to produce Champagne themselves. So instead they would sell their grapes to the Champagne houses who would produce the wines. In a means to generate greater profit, some Champagne houses would look outside the Champagne region for grapes. The development of the French national railroad system in the mid 19th century opened up easy access to cheaper grapes from the Loire Valley and the Languedoc. The Champenois vine growers were incensed at these practices, believing that using "foreign" grapes to make sparkling was not producing true Champagne. They petitioned the government for assistance and a law was based requiring that at least 51% of the grapes used to make Champagne needed to come from the Champagne region itself.
With vineyard owners vastly outnumbering the producers, the Champagne houses used this dynamic of excess supply vs limited demand to their advantage. They hired agents, known as "commissionaires", to negotiate prices with vine growers. These commissionaires were paid according to how low a price they could negotiate and many employed unsavory tactics to achieve their means-including violence and intimidation. Some commissionaires openly sought bribes from vine growers, often in the form of extra grapes which they would sell themselves for extra profit. The prices they were able to negotiate barely covered the cost of farming and harvesting which left many Champenois vine growers in poverty. With the constant threat of Champagne houses ignoring the law and using more "foreign" grapes, tensions were already high between vine growers and Champagne houses when the late 19th century and early 20th century brought with it the devastation of the phylloxera epidemic and a string of poor weather and poor vintages. The tensions culminated in the Champagne riots of 1910 and 1911. To avoid the type of situation which lead to the riots, producers and growers of the Champagne region formed an agreement that developed the "Échelle des Crus" system where prices would be set by a joint committee of producers and growers, fairly applied and based on the presumed quality of a village's vineyards. In recent times there has been discussion of modifying the classification and going to a "Burgundy-like" system whereby vineyards, rather than villages, would be the basis of ratings. Critics charge that a system based on rating an entire village ignores "terroir" differences within the large area of a village.
Pricing structure.
The "Échelle des Crus" was originally established as a fixed pricing structure. The price for a kilogram of grapes was set and vineyards owners would receive a fraction of that price depending on the village rating where they were located. Vineyards in "Grand crus" villages would receive 100% of the price while "Premier crus" village with a 95 rating would receive 95% of the price and so forth down the line. Today the business dynamic between Champagne houses and vineyards owners is not so strictly regulated but the classification system still serves as an aide in determining prices with Grand and Premier crus vineyards receiving considerably more for their grapes than vineyards in villages with ratings below 90%.
Grand crus.
When the "Échelle des Crus" was first established, 12 villages received Grand cru status. In 1985 that number was expanded to 17 with the promotion of five villages (Chouilly, Mesnil-sur-Oger, Oger, Oiry and Verzy). Less than 9% of all the planted vineyard land in Champagne have received a 100% "Grand cru" rating. All of the "Grand cru" and "Premier cru" villages are located in the Marne department. The current "Grand crus" of Champagne include: 
Usage in Champagne.
Champagne is primarily a product of vast blending - of different grape varieties, different vintages and different vineyards - with a typical non-vintage blend being composed of grapes from up to 80 different vineyards. However for their "prestige cuvee" (such as Moët et Chandon's Dom Pérignon or Louis Roederer's Cristal) Champagne producers will often limit the grape sources to only "Grand cru" (and sometimes "Premier crus") vineyards. While single vineyard Champagnes are rare, they do exist, such as Krug's "Clos du Mesnil" coming from the Grand cru vineyard located near Le Mesnil-sur-Oger. Grower Champagnes, the product of a single producer and vineyard owner, located in Grand cru villages will often label their wines "100% Grand cru" if their wines qualify for the designation.

</doc>
<doc id="20721947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721947" title="Weibin">
Weibin

Weibin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20721984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721984" title="Akira Eguchi">
Akira Eguchi

Akira Eguchi is a Japanese pianist. He was trained as a composer at Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music and earned his Masters in piano performance at the Juilliard School. He was the recipient of numerous honors during his time at Juilliard and was awarded a prize for excellence in accompanying at the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition.
Akira Eguchi has collaborated with such musicians as Gil Shaham, Anne Akiko Meyers, Catherine Manoukian, Kim Chee Yun, and Kyoko Takezawa and has recorded on the Deutsche Grammophon, Philips, Victor, and BMG labels, as well as on a number of smaller labels.
He continues to be active as an arranger and composer.

</doc>
<doc id="20721986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20721986" title="Felix Batista">
Felix Batista

Felix Batista ( ) is a Cuban-American anti-kidnapping expert and former U.S. Army major who has negotiated resolution to nearly 100 kidnapping and ransom cases, dozens of them in Mexico. Batista is a consultant for Houston, Texas-based security firm ASI Global. In December 2008, he was kidnapped in Mexico.
Kidnapping.
On December 10, 2008, Batista was kidnapped outside a restaurant in Saltillo, Coahuila, Mexico by unknown assailants while there to speak and give anti-kidnapping advice. 
Batista was in a restaurant with several other people when he received a phone call, according to a written statement released by the state attorney general's office in Saltillo.
After speaking on the telephone, he told his colleagues that several people in a white pickup were going to give him a message, said the statement. He got into a vehicle which did not match the description he had given his colleagues. Since then, no one has had any communication with him and no one has ever claimed responsibility for his kidnapping.
The statement said there was no sign of violence at the scene.
Currently, the Batista family are trying to petition for U.S. Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, to speak about the ongoing violence and the safety of Americans.
Military.
Felix I. Batista, while a Major in the Florida Army National Guard and commander of a Military Intelligence Company was instrumental in developing a field training exercise called "Red Scorpion" which is now used NGB-wide by other National Guard Military Intelligence units.

</doc>
<doc id="20722003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722003" title="Northeast Los Angeles">
Northeast Los Angeles

__NOTOC__ 
Northeast Los Angeles is a region of the city of Los Angeles, northeast of Downtown, east of the Los Angeles River, bounded on the north by the cities of Glendale and Pasadena, and bounded on the east by several cities of the San Gabriel Valley. The area is home to Occidental College located in Eagle Rock.
History.
The bulk of the area closer to Pueblo de Los Angeles-Downtown Los Angeles was part of the original Spanish and Mexican land grants of Rancho San Rafael and Rancho San Pascual when the city incorporated in 1850. One of the first annexations of the city was Highland Park in 1895. Other nearby communities attached to Los Angeles were Garvanza (1899), Arroyo Seco (1912) and Eagle Rock (1923). Development in the Northeast was fostered by service of the Los Angeles Railway "Yellow Cars."
Geography.
According to the Mapping L.A. survey of the "Los Angeles Times," Northeast Los Angeles consists of a 17.18-square-mile region comprising seven neighborhoods, which are:
Other neighborhoods within the region are:
Population.
In the 2000 census, Northeast Los Angeles had 167,674 residents in its 17.18 square miles, which amounted to 9,757 people per square mile. The densest neighborhood was Highland Park, and the least dense was Mount Washington.
About 54% of the area's population lived in rental units, while 46% lived in owner-occupied housing. Highland Park was the neighborhood with the highest rental occupancy, and Eagle Rock had the lowest. The latter district also had the oldest population, and Cypress Park had the youngest. Eagle Rock also was the wealthiest neighborhood and Cypress Park the poorest. Eagle Rock was the neighborhood with the largest percentage of residents holding a four-year academic degree and Cypress Park had the lowest percentage.
The ethnic breakdown in 2000 was Latino, 62.5%; white, 16.6%, Asian, 16.0%; black, 2.0%, and other, 2.9%. Eagle Rock was the most ethnically diverse neighborhood and Cypress Park the least.
Transportation.
The area well-served by freeways and public transportation. California's first freeway, the 1940 Arroyo Seco Parkway (CA SR-110) connects the area with Downtown and Pasadena. The Interstate 5 and Interstate 10-"San Bernardino Freeway" lie directly to the south of the district.
The Metro Gold Line light-rail's four Gold Line stations (Lincoln/Cypress, Heritage Square, Southwest Museum, Highland Park) connects Northeast Los Angeles with Downtown and Pasadena.
See also.
People
Other regions of Los Angeles County

</doc>
<doc id="20722014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722014" title="Helen Thompson Woolley">
Helen Thompson Woolley

Helen Thompson Woolley was an American psychologist and pioneer in the studies of gender differences as well as childhood education and welfare.
Life and Education.
Woolley was born on November 6, 1874 in Englewood, Illinois as Helen Bradford Thompson. The middle of three children to parents David and Isabella (neè Perkins) Thompson, she graduated first in her class from Englewood High School in 1893 with a ninety-seven percent average for her four years. Her interests in what would eventually turn into her future work peaked during her high school career as well, as evident by her self-written valedictory essay, “The Advance Towards Individual Freedom by the Aid of Intervention”.
Because of her high academic standing in high school, she earned a full scholarship to the University of Chicago, which she attended whilst living at home. After being offered a scholarship in psychology in her junior year and earning her bachelor’s degree in the subject in 1897, she went on to do graduate work within her field (as well as philosophy and neurology) with professionals such as James Angell, John Dewey, George Herbert Mead, and Henry Donaldson. It was during this time as a graduate student that she published her first papers in all three fields.
In the year 1900, Woolley graduated summa cum laude with a Ph.D., also from the University of Chicago. An already exceptional accomplishment, she also managed to be among the first generation of women to receive a doctorate degree in experimental psychology. Her doctoral dissertation assessed the differences between the sexes, a very controversial subject for a woman of her time to be writing about.
In 1901, Woolley decided to leave Illinois and accepted a teaching position at an all women’s school, Mount Holyoke College, in South Hadley, Massachusetts. The college itself is considered to have been founded by an innovator in the area of women’s education, Mary Lyon. She continued to work at the college until 1905, when she married Paul Gerhardt Woolley, MD and became Helen Thompson Woolley. The newly married couple moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, where Woolley’s focus became geared toward vocational guidance. Also during her time in Cincinnati, Woolley served as the director of the Vocation Bureau of public schools from 1911 to 1921, and was both the first psychologist and the first woman to hold such a title.
After her departure from Cincinnati in 1921, her and her husband moved to Detroit, Michigan where she eventually found herself working at the Merrill-Palmer School, and co-developing the Merrill-Palmer Mental Scale for Children until 1926, when she moved to New York, New York to work at the Child Welfare Institute at the Teachers College, Columbia University.
In 1930, an unexpected turn of events left Woolley with no choice but to resign from her job. Health problems, a divorce from her husband, and stress and anxiety stemming from the workplace took its toll on Woolley, and she suffered a serious mental breakdown and was unable to recover before her death.
On December 24, 1947, Woolley passed away at the age of 73 due to an aortic aneurysm.
Work on Gender Differences.
Woolley published her doctoral dissertation "The Mental Traits of Sex: An Experimental Investigation of the Normal Mind in Men and Women", in 1903. Being that it was the first known dissertation on sex differences, it received mixed reviews. However, she was praised extensively for her meticulous experimental methods and careful attention to detail.
In her most known study, Woolley used twenty-five male and twenty-five female subjects, putting them through a series of extensive tests of sensory, motor, and cognitive function, as well as tests of personality. Woolley set out to measure anything possible, which turned out to be extremely time consuming and she ending up spending as much as twenty-four hours per subject. The results of her dissertation were quite controversial, with some researchers dismissing her conclusions, but other psychologists and researchers, such as Edward Thorndike, being impressed with her findings.
The results from the study indicated that men performed better on most tests of motor ability while women tended to do better on some of the coordination tasks. Men showed more creativity, while women showed more acute senses, and better memory performance. Woolley found no evidence or confirmation of the belief that women are influenced by emotion more in life than men. In general, Woolley found more similarities between the sexes than differences.
Work on Childhood Education and Welfare.
Woolley was one of the first psychologists to study the consequences of children dropping out of school. Woolley conducted a large longitudinal study of adolescents, including those who completed school and those who dropped out of school to begin working at an earlier age.
The study suggested that there were indeed negative consequences of not completing school and child labor, but because this was merely a correlation, she could not determine exactly if the consequences of dropouts were due to their lack of education, or to outside forces. Even though the results of her study were less than pleasing in her eyes, Woolley received great compliments for her dedication to her research and for expanding the study of child education and welfare.
Publications and Research.
During the course of her career, Woolley wrote and published three books and around fifty articles. These published works ranged in topic, and although the vast majority of her works were psychology related, she did publish some philosophy and neurology related articles as a graduate student at the University of Chicago. A list of some of her more well known published works, particularly those published early in her career, can be found below.

</doc>
<doc id="20722034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722034" title="Valoren">
Valoren

VALOR Numbers.
The VALOR number is a code which uniquely identifies listed securities and financial instruments used in Switzerland, and serve a similar purpose to CUSIP or WKN in the North American or German markets respectively.
Allocation Methodology.
The VALOR number is a numeric code that intrinsically has no meaning. When a new VALOR is needed, the next one from the list is simply allocated. An instrument's number indicates nothing about the instrument itself.
The VALOR number is incorporated in the Swiss ISIN number.
Uses.
The VALOR number can be used for a number of purposes in identifying a financial instrument:
Etymology.
The word Valor is a Swiss German banking term for a "security", including coins and paper money. In Switzerland, when referring to the code, it is always referred to as the "VALOR Nummer" i.e. security number. The plural of VALOR in Swiss German is Valoren.
In the English speaking world, the words "VALOR" and "VALOREN" are sometimes used interchangeably.
Issuing Authority.
The VALOR number is issued by SIX Financial Information

</doc>
<doc id="20722073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722073" title="Redcliffe Showgrounds">
Redcliffe Showgrounds

The Redcliffe Showgrounds is a showground in Redcliffe, Queensland for the annual Redcliffe Show the June holidays. Whilst the show isn't on, it is home to the Redcliffe Darts club, Redcliffe Bingo as well as PCYC Over 35 soccer club. It used to be the main field for the Redcliffe Dolphins up until 1982 before the club moved to Dolphin Oval, but still serves as a training ground.
Prior to 2004, the Redcliffe Padres Baseball Club had called the Redcliffe Showgrounds home for 12 years, taking advantage of the great floodlighting facilities. In 2004, the club moved to the recently built field at Talobilla Park in Kippa-Ring.
There is a 'live in' caretaker on the showgrounds that assists in maintaining the grounds and offering some security. There have been a succession of caretakers to these grounds and one in particular, Stanley Carroll, was well liked by visitors, sideshow vendors and management.

</doc>
<doc id="20722077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722077" title="Weicheng">
Weicheng

Weicheng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20722089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722089" title="Charlotte Riley">
Charlotte Riley

Charlotte Riley (born 29 December 1981) is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Sarah Hurst in "Easy Virtue" and as Catherine Earnshaw in ITV's adaptation of "Wuthering Heights".
Personal life.
Riley comes from County Durham. She attended the private Teesside High School from age 9 until 18. Riley then attended St Cuthbert's Society, Durham University from 2000 to 2003, performing with the Durham Revue and in a number of plays and musicals and graduating with a degree in English and Linguistics; she also attended the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art from 2005 to 2007. She is engaged to English actor Tom Hardy, whom she worked with in "Wuthering Heights" and "The Take".
Career.
In 2004, Riley won the "Sunday Times"' Playwriting Award for the play "Shaking Cecilia", which she co-wrote with her university friend and Durham Revue co-star, Tiffany Wood.
Riley is currently working on "All You Need is Kill", co-starring Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt. 
She also has been in the Royal Court's "The Priory", by Michael Wynne, for which she has had a number of positive reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20722108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722108" title="Huang Yi (actress)">
Huang Yi (actress)

Huang Yi (born September 13, 1979) is a Chinese actress and singer. She graduated from the TV Film Department of the Shanghai Institute of Oriental Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20722110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722110" title="Justin Tanner Petersen">
Justin Tanner Petersen

Justin Tanner Peterson (1960 Washington, D.C. – March 2010 Los Angeles, California) was an American hacker, concert promoter, sound engineer, private investigator and an informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation. While tasked with helping to catch other hackers and fugitives wanted by the FBI, he continued to commit serious crimes.
Life.
Justin Petersen, born in 1960 in Washington D.C., started hacking computers in 1978. In 1984, he moved to Los Angeles. It was there he found an affinity for Los Angeles night life, with the Sunset Strip being a major focal point. In 1989, Petersen, using the handle Agent Steal and the alias Eric Heinz that he had been living under since his departure from the East, cracked the computers of the Pacific Bell Telephone Company in California and used his access to intercept the telephone lines of several local FM radio stations. With this access, he and a couple of associates were able to ensure that they were the only callers who could get through during on-air contests, and thus the only winners. Although the associates remain officially unknown, strong rumors persist that Kevin Poulsen (aka Dark Dante), and Karald Austin were involved. Their winnings included $50,000 in cash, several trips to Hawaii and two Porsches. Realizing he was being pursued by the FBI, Petersen moved to Texas, where he then hacked into a national credit reporting agency, ordered fraudulent credit cards using the information he found, and used them freely.
After receiving a tip, Petersen was arrested in Texas in 1991. In an FBI affidavit, Petersen admitted to physically and electronically conducting illegal telephone taps and breaking into Pacific Bell's COSMOS and other companies' computer systems to check telephone numbers and determine the location of telephone lines and circuits. A grand jury in Texas returned an eight-count indictment, accusing Petersen of assuming false identities, accessing a computer without authorization, possessing stolen account IDs and fraudulently obtaining and using credit cards. Petersen also faced several other charges pertaining to national security: one charge regarded his supposed compilation and documentation of U.S. Federal Government wire taps of persons currently under surveillance. Under a plea bargain the charge was dropped after a debriefing by unknown law enforcement entities (presumably the FBI or US Secret Service), according to Littman.
The case was ultimately transferred to California. Petersen eventually pleaded guilty to six counts, including the aforementioned rigging of a radio station contest to win a $20,000 prize. He faced a sentence of up to 40 years in prison and a $1.5 million fine, but sentencing was delayed several times as Petersen became an informant for the FBI for almost two years. He had said that the FBI paid him monthly, plus free rent, computers and other unspecified resources "to help them set up hackers," including Kevin Mitnick (aka Condor), and Kevin Poulsen (aka Dark Dante), and others.
On 18 October 1993, 15 months after entering his first guilty plea, Petersen was confronted inside a federal courthouse by David J. Schindler, Assistant US Attorney for the prosecution (who is now a private attorney for the Church of Scientology,) who asked if he had committed any crimes while free on bail. Petersen asked to have a conference with his attorney, according to Schindler. Petersen met briefly with his attorney, then escaped from the federal courthouse becoming a fugitive once again. Attorney Richard Sherman, who represented a friend of Kevin Mitnick's in another computer crime case, accused the FBI of not only using Petersen as an informant, but also of turning a blind eye to alleged computer and credit-card crimes Petersen committed during his time cooperating.
Petersen also claims the FBI refused to allow him to work with or on computers afterward. Given his physical limitations resulting from an accident in 1985, and legal restrictions imposed by the FBI, Petersen claimed he had little choice but to briefly turn back to hacking since he was unable to get a job.
While still a fugitive, Petersen allegedly hacked into the computers of Heller Financial, a commercial lending company. An unnamed associate phoned in two bomb threats to the bank. While the building was being evacuated, Petersen allegedly initiated a wire transfer of $150,000 from Heller Financial to Union Bank, by way of Mellon Bank. The transfer was discovered before his associate could withdraw the money.
In November 1995, Peterson was sentenced to 41 months (3.4 years) in U.S. federal prison and three years of probation, and payment of restitution of $40,000. It is rumored that Petersen worked for the Central Intelligence Agency in Amsterdam, although details are unclear.
Scientology.
Author Jonathan Littman in his book, linked Petersen's sealed Texas court case with the Church of Scientology via a private investigator (in Beverly Hills, California) named Shlomi Michaels and former FBI Special Agent in Charge Ted Gunderson. The firm he worked for contracted him to eavesdrop on the Aznarans, who were high-ranking ex-Scientologists living in the state of Texas. The Aznarans were at the time cooperating with Richard Behar in the writing of the highly critical 1991 "Time" magazine cover story. Vicki and Richard Aznarans left the church under circumstances that they describe as involving duress. They filed a complaint against Scientology alleging false imprisonment, intentional infliction of emotional distress and other tortious conduct.
Death.
Peterson was found dead in his Los Angeles apartment on March 12, 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="20722131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722131" title="Log shipping">
Log shipping

Log shipping is the process of automating the backup of a database and transaction log files on a primary (production) database server, and then restoring them onto a standby server. This technique is supported by Microsoft SQL Server and PostgreSQL. Similar to replication, the primary purpose of log shipping is to increase database availability by maintaining a backup server that can replace production server quickly.
Although the actual failover mechanism in log shipping is manual, this implementation is often chosen due to its low cost in human and server resources, and ease of implementation. As comparison, SQL server clusters enable automatic failover, but at the expense of much higher storage and license costs. Compared to database replication, log shipping does not provide as much in terms of reporting capabilities, but also backs up system tables along with data tables, and locks standby server from users' modifications. A replicated server can be modified (e.g. views) and therefore is not suitable for failover purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20722149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722149" title="Split Sides, Volume 1">
Split Sides, Volume 1

Split Sides, Volume 1 is a limited-edition EP released in 2006 by the Benevento/Russo Duo. It was recorded during the "Pause" leg of the fall 2006 tour. Only 500 copies of the EP were printed, so it considered quite rare. Tom Hamilton's American Babies contributed two tracks to the EP, who was the supporting act on the Duo's fall tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20722172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722172" title="Zhujiang New Town Station">
Zhujiang New Town Station

Zhujiang New Town Station () is an interchange metro station on Line 3 and Line 5 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28December 2005 and is located under the junction of Huaxia Road () and Huacheng Avenue () in Zhujiang New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="20722185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722185" title="Jeff Owens">
Jeff Owens

Jeff Owens (born October 14, 1986) is an American football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the seventh round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Georgia.
Early years.
Owens played high school football at Plantation High School in Plantation, Florida.
Professional career.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Owens was selected by the Philadelphia Eagles in the seventh round (243rd overall) of the 2010 NFL Draft. He was signed to a four-year contract on June 4, 2010. He was waived on September 4, but re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 5. He was promoted to the active roster on December 21. He was placed on injured reserve on December 29 after suffering a left patellar tendon rupture in a week 16 game against the Minnesota Vikings. He was waived on July 28, 2011, after failing his physical.
High School Coaching.
As of the 2011 football season, Owens is coaching the defensive line at West Forsyth High School in Cumming, Georgia. The 2011 Wolverines advanced to the third round of the GHSA playoffs, their best year to date.
Personal life.
He is a member of Zeta Nu chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="20722186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722186" title="Palo Verde Mountains">
Palo Verde Mountains

The Palo Verde Mountains are a mountain range in northeastern Imperial County, California.
The Palo Verde Mountains are located along the west side of the Colorado River in the Lower Colorado River Valley and Colorado Desert.

</doc>
<doc id="20722191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722191" title="Palos Verdes Hills">
Palos Verdes Hills

The Palos Verdes Hills are a low mountain range on the southern coast of Los Angeles County, California. They form the Palos Verdes Peninsula region of Greater Los Angeles.
The Palos Verdes Hills are the landed end of the Channel Islands of California, a mountains formation in the Transverse Ranges System.
Portuguese Bend.
The Portuguese Bend Landslide area of the Palos Verdes Hills is geologically unstable and is unsuitable for building. However it is a natural research laboratory for the study of island biogeography and evolutionary ecology. The geographical location and geological history of the hills make the remaining coastal sage scrub habitat at Portuguese Bend extremely valuable for ecological and other scientific reasons. The Palos Verdes Peninsula, which was an island with the Palos Verdes Hills in recent geological time, has close floral and faunal similarities to the Channel Islands.
A species of the succulent live-forever, Bright green dudleya or "Dudleya virens", is endemic to the Channel Islands and the Palos Verdes Peninsula
Features.
The hills are the location of affluent suburban communities and cities together known as Palos Verdes, and include Palos Verdes Estates, Rancho Palos Verdes, gated Rolling Hills, and Rolling Hills Estates.
The Wayfarers Chapel is on the south face of the hills, overlooking the Pacific at the western entrance of Portuguese Bend. It is a transparent glass chapel within a planted Coast redwood forest, designed in 1951 by the renowned architect and landscape architect Lloyd Wright. It is under the stewardship of the Swedenborgian Church, a well-known local landmark on the National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles County.
The large and diverse Los Angeles County South Coast Botanic Garden is located in the central Palos Verdes Hills. It is an 87 acre (35 hectare) landscaped botanical garden, event venue, and arboretum with over 150,000 landscape plants and trees from California and around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20722194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722194" title="List of ESPN College Football personalities">
List of ESPN College Football personalities


</doc>
<doc id="20722201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722201" title="Baihe">
Baihe

Baihe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20722210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722210" title="Salimzhan Nakpaev">
Salimzhan Nakpaev

Salimzhan Zhumashuly Nakpaev ( , ), born in 1966, has since October 2006 served as the mayor of Atyrau, the capital of the Atyrau Province in Kazakhstan.
Education and career.
After graduating from the Almaty Institution of National Economy with a degree in economics, Nakpaev began his professional life in 1983 as an engineer in the Makat District. After his service in the Soviet Army, he returned to his previous post where he worked for more than four years.
From 1989 to 1992 Nakpaev worked as an economist on the regional planning committee. Following that, he worked as the chairman of the small enterprise, Maksat, an assistant to the head of the Makat District administration, and the chairman of the economic committee. From 2000 to 2003, Nakpaev served as the akim of the Makat District. From March 2003, Nakpaev was the manager of the executive board of the akim of the Atyrau Province. From January 2005, he was the akim of the Zhylyoi District of the Atyrau Province. In February 2006, he became the assistant to the akim of the Atyrau Province, and in October of the same year, the mayor of the city of Atyrau.

</doc>
