<doc id="20729848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729848" title="Mollie King">
Mollie King

Mollie Elizabeth King (born 4 June 1987) is an English singer-songwriter. She is best known for being a member of girl group The Saturdays. In the Saturdays, King has successfully enjoyed twelve top-ten and seven top-five singles on the UK Singles Chart and three top-ten albums on the UK Albums Chart. Before The Saturdays, King was a member of another girl group, Fallen Angelz, with whom she appeared on "The X Factor"; she gained positive comments from the judges. King is currently signed to Fascination and Polydor Records. King not only sings but also plays the guitar.
King has had a number of sponsorship deals while being in The Saturdays. She studied A Levels at college. King had a minor acting role in "Hollyoaks Later", where she appeared as herself. King skied for United Kingdom and was one of the youngest on the team, gaining a scholarship with the British Ski Academy.
Early life.
Mollie King was born in Wandsworth, London, the youngest of three daughters born to Susan (née Wykes) and Stephen King. She attended Surbiton High School, in Kingston-upon-Thames, London. She has two sisters, Ellen and Laura. King had a successful ski career and was on the Surbiton High Ski team with fellow pupil Chemmy Alcott. By age eleven, King was a member of the British Children's Ski Team resulting in her receiving a scholarship to the British Ski Academy. King later raced for Great Britain as one of the youngest on the team and later went on to ski for the British Alpine squad although turned down a ski career to pursue her dream of becoming a singer. King achieved three As in her A levels, in Psychology, Business and Economics and Sport. She has been diagnosed with Dyslexia. King also was a Finalist for Miss Guildford at just the age of 18.
Career history.
2005–2007: Fallen Angelz.
King joined a group titled Fallen Angelz in 2006 alongside Nikki, Bobbi and Rachelle. Fallen Angelz evolved through auditions held in London in 2005, where Bobbi selected three other "sassy girls with bags of attitude" after watching VT footage of the singing and dancing auditions and photo shoot apparently and describes the selection process on their website. During their time the Saturdays have appeared on stage with Chico, Simon Webbe, Lemar, Girls Aloud, Journey South, Lee Ryan and Atomic Kitten.
After the Fallen Angelz still failed to gain success, they decided to audition for the talent show "The X Factor" in 2007, which was eventually won by Leon Jackson. During the audition the group entered the auditions room singing "Girlfriend" by Avril Lavigne. However, the group had changed some of the lyrics, singing "Hey, hey, you, you, I wanna be your girlband". As their main audition song, the girls sang "Obviously" by McFly. The group gained four yeses from the judges, which sent them to the next stage of the competition, called "bootcamp". At the second stage of the show, the girls failed to impress the judges a second time around, and were eliminated from the show. Later, Mollie and Nikki decided to leave the group.
2007–present: The Saturdays.
After leaving Fallen Angelz, King auditioned to become a member of girl group The Saturdays. She successfully auditioned and joined the group. The group signed a record deal with Fascination and Polydor Records. The girls accompanied Girls Aloud on their Tangled Up Tour from 13 May to 4 June 2008. The Saturdays released their first single "If This Is Love" which featured samples from the song Situation by Yazoo. The single entered the UK Singles Charts at number 8. The second single released from the Saturday's album was titled "Up" which was produced by Quiz & Larossi. The production was described as an upbeat bubblegum pop, dance-pop and electropop song. Its style has also been described as "electro-tinged" and "robotic disco-pop". "Chasing Lights" was the group's first studio album, which charted at number 9 on the UK Album Charts. The album gained a Platinum certification by the BPI, selling over 400,000 copies. The album, and band, were compared heavily to other British girl band's such as Girls Aloud and Sugababes however the album ultimately received mostly positive reviews. The album produced two more UK Top-Ten Singles: "Issues" and a cover version of "Just Can't Get Enough" by Depeche Mode for Comic Relief. The album's last single was "Work", which charted at 22 on the UK Singles Chart, making it the group's lowest charting single, and only single to peak at a higher position in Ireland than in the UK. They then embarked on their first concert tour, "The Work Tour".
"Wordshaker" was released as The Saturday's second studio album in October 2009. The album debuted at number 9 on the UK Album Charts, equalling the peak position of their debut album. The album was later certified Silver by the BPI. "Forever Is Over", a track previously recorded by Kelly Clarkson, was released as the lead single from the album, charting at number 2 in the UK and number 8 on the Irish Singles Charts. "Ego" was released as the second and last single from "Wordshaker". The single charted at number 9, becoming one of the group's lower charting singles. However it became one of the band's best-selling singles, gaining a Silver certification by the BPI.
"Headlines!" was released as a "mini album", with the first single chosen as "Missing You". It gained positive reviews and King's voice was described thus: "King uses the natural croak in her voice". It was written by Lukas Hilbert and Alexander Kronlund. "Headlines!" and "Missing You" both charted at number three on the UK Album Charts and the UK Singles Chart. The album performed better than their previous releases in Ireland where it peaked at number 10. As the band were promoting "Missing You", King had to pull out of performing on T4 on the Beach due to a horsefly bite which left her right leg swollen and resulted in King being dependent on crutches for a while. "Higher", a collaboration with Flo Rida was released as the second and final single from "Headlines!". It charted at number 10 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the band's 8th top-ten single at the time. In 2010, King appeared with her bandmates in a documentary series aired on ITV2 entitled "The Saturdays: 24/7".
"Notorious" was released in May 2011 as the lead single from the group's fourth album "On Your Radar" and charted at number 8 in the UK and number 19 in Ireland. The album received mixed reviews upon release, with many reviewers criticising its lack of individuality. The album failed to match the success of the bands previous releases, peaking at number 23 in the UK, becoming the bands only album to not reach the top 10 in the UK to date. The second single released from the album, "All Fired Up" reached number three in the UK and number 6 in Ireland. The single received mostly positive reviews. The third and last single, "My Heart Takes Over" charted at number 15 in the UK. The band embarked on their third tour, the All Fired Up Tour in December 2011
In 2012 the band released single "30 Days", the lead single for their upcoming fourth studio album. n 2013, The Saturday's starred in their own "E!" "reality TV show" titled "Chasing The Saturdays", in an attempt to break into the American market after signing with Island Def Jam Records and Mercury Records. To coincide with the TV series, the band released an EP Chasing The Saturdays in the U.S. and Canada. The band released "What About Us" in early 2013 as their debut worldwide single to moderate chat success. For the UK release of the song, rapper Sean Paul recorded a verse. Upon release, "What About Us" gained great success in the UK, becoming the bands first number one single and the fastest selling single of 2013 at the time. The single has sold over 370,000 copies in the UK. The band then released single "Gentleman" which failed to repeat the success of their previous single, becoming the bands third single to miss the top 10 on the UK Singles Chart. The song received mixed reviews. The band released follow-up single "Disco Love" which debuted within the top 10 in both the UK and Ireland. The band released their fourth studio album, "Living For The Weekend" on 14 October 2013, where it debuted and peaked at number 10 on the UK Album Chart. The album performed better in Ireland than "On Your Radar", peaking at number 16.
King is known for being the "posh, smiley one", earning the nickname "Miss Disney" by the other Saturdays. King also plays the acoustic guitar.
Other endeavours.
Television.
King auditioned for "The X Factor" in 2005, before joining The Saturdays, and was criticised by Sharon Osbourne for her outfit. She then changed her outfit and went back to sing a Christina Aguilera ballad, where they praised her and encouraged her to come back when she was older. As a result of her audition being broadcast King appeared on "The X Factor" in 2007, again as a part of girl group Fallen Angelz, (formed in 2005). They managed to get to the final stages of boot camp before being eliminated from the competition.
King appeared in a number of episodes in the "Hollyoaks Later" series, along with fellow member Frankie Sandford. As a part of The Saturdays, she has appeared in BBC series "Myths". King has appeared in two episodes of bebo-based online show "Sam King" as herself in the role of an ex-girlfriend. Before The Saturdays, King appeared in "Singing with the Enemy", with former band Fallen Angelz who appeared on "The X Factor". She also appeared on "The King is Dead" on BBC Three and "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" in 2010. Along with her band mates, King appeared on "Ghosthunting with..." where they look for parnormal activity. She also appeared in their own Reality TV show with her band mates, known as "". On the show King and the other members of The Saturdays performed exclusive tracks on the show.
In early 2013 The Saturday's appeared in another reality TV documentary about their lives, "Chasing The Saturdays". The show follows the band as they try to break into the American market after signing with "Island Def Jam Records" and "Mercury Records". The show aired in on TV network "E!" on Sunday nights. The U.S. premiere received 914,00 viewers. Upon its premiere in the UK, the show received 72,000 views and became the networks most watched show of the week. The show was cancelled after one season due to poor ratings in the U.S.
On 5 October 2013, King appeared on Keith Lemon fronted show "Through the Keyhole".
In 2014, Mollie took part in a celebrity edition of "The Cube" for charity. This will be broadcast later in the year or early in 2015.
Merchandise.
In early 2010, King and her band announced they were giving their name to an autobiography. King later announced that the autobiography would be titled "". The book was officially released on 25 October 2010. King and the rest of her band appeared at a book signing at WH Smith in Bluewater for a book signing on 16 October 2010. The cover of their book cover had a similar cover to their "Headlines!" album and their "The Headlines Tour" due to them all being released around the same time. The book gives insight into the world of The Saturdays by telling the tale of their success. King has her own chapter in the book, which she speaks about her love interests, their friendship within the band, and a personal insight into their lives before finding fame. The book also gives fashion and beauty tips, some gossip, accompanied by photos from the girls’ own collection.
Sponsorship deals.
It was revealed in 2009, that Mollie would be the new face of hair removal product Veet, with "The Saturdays". King had done a photoshoot which showed off her legs to promote the Veet's collection, They are modelling a range of micro mini-skirts and body con dresses to show off their fuzz-free pins. They later became the new faces of a major campaign for Impulse women's deodorant. The group recorded a television ad, which featured their songs "Forever Is Over" and "Ego". It was also dubbed "The Impulse Diaries". The TV content, which involves a sponsorship package on Channel 4, will show the girls in various settings, including a hotel room, a tour bus and backstage before a gig. This first aired on 23 October. The Saturdays also did a photoshoot, posing on a giant sofa as they launched T-Mobile's "Big Sofa Night In" campaign in London, United Kingdom. The band sat on the sofa for more than 12 hours, the sofa was the size of a double decker bus.
Fashion.
In 2013, King created a collection for Oasis Stores titled 'Loved by Mollie'. During September 2013, King designed shoes to help raise funds for UK charity "Save The Children". King also was an ambassador for Maybelline during the "Vodafone London Fashion Week" In October 2013 King was signed to Next Model Management, joining previously signed Alexa Chung and Lana Del Rey.
Philanthropy.
It was announced that The Saturdays would record the 2009 Comic Relief charity single. It was revealed that the girls put their fourth single ("Work") to release the comic relief single. It was confirmed that the group would release a cover of Depeche Mode's "Just Can't Get Enough" for the charity single. The single was released on 1 March 2009. A week later, the song charted at number 2 on the UK Singles Charts making the group the first artist in 14 years for their Comic Relief single not to chart at number 1.
In May 2010, the Saturdays teamed up with Manchester United and sang at a pre-match concert at Old Trafford. On 12 September 2010, the girls performed at the "Help for Heroes" charity concert with over 60,000 fans there. In March 2011, the group appeared at Westfield shopping centre with buckets and asked customers to part with their cash for Marie Curie Cancer Care, which provides nurses to help care for people with terminal cancer. Rochelle stated; "We were collecting money in Westfield, for our charity Marie Curie! We raised a lot I think." The band also performed at the "The Sunshine Concert" which was held at the Troxy in London; in order to raise money for charity.
Personal life.
In January 2010, it was announced that King was in a relationship with Lawson member Andy Brown. However, they broke up in February 2011. Following their split, Brown wrote the songs "When She Was Mine" and "Standing in the Dark". In 2011, King admitted she had only ever kissed three men before dating Gandy. In 2012, King admitted she had dated Prince Harry for a period of time in April 2012. She has been dating American music producer, Jordan Omley, since February 2013.
King is a fan of Britney Spears and cites the singer as a personal influence.

</doc>
<doc id="20729856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729856" title="Carrigaline RFC">
Carrigaline RFC

Carrigaline RFC is a rugby club in County Cork, Ireland. It was founded in 1994 and is located at Cork Road Carrigaline and Ballyorban outside Douglas.. In a very successful 2012/13 season, the senior team won three pieces of silverware, including a J2 League and Cup double; and, also the Kelly Cup competition for the 3rd year in a row. It now sees Carrigaline RFC compete at Junior 1, Division 3. There is a large underage section catering for boys and girls aged 6 to 19. It is a member of the Munster Rugby provincial board. 
Honours
As well as the senior teams successes, in 2012 The Munster Club 7’s competition for under 14, under 16 and 18 girls concluded for the season at Shannon RFC’s ground.
Carrigaline U18 girls claimed top prize for the second year running in the competition.
In 2012, The Under 17 boys team captained by the messiah Rory Horgan led his band of merry men to a 4-game winning streak. He brought them to the cup semi final and league semi final. New-comer to the club, Sean O'Brien (the 14th apostle) could not score more than 2 tries in the season. The DreamTeam was Managed from the high hills in the form of Padward Mullen and Billy "Big Smile" Whitnell

</doc>
<doc id="20729857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729857" title="Raja Fenske">
Raja Fenske

Raja Jean Fenske (born September 25, 1988) is an American actor, probably best known for his role as Jake Behari in Nickelodeon's "Unfabulous" alongside Emma Roberts and Malese Jow. He is sometimes credited as RJ Fenske.
Biography.
Fenske was born in Rockville, Maryland. His mother is originally from Chennai, India, while on his father's side, he has German and Norwegian ancestry. He had dreams of becoming a professional basketball player in the NBA. He is also an active player of competitive basketball as well as football within the Nike Entertainment Flag Football League.
Fenske attended Thousand Oaks High School in California. In September 2007 he began his freshman year at California State University, Northridge, where he studied BA - Cinema Television Arts - Emphasis Cinematography.
Career.
From 2004 to 2007 Fenske played Jake Behari on the Nickelodeon show "Unfabulous", including the made for TV movie accompaniment "The Best Trip Ever", in which he finally begins a relationship with the show's main star Addie Singer (Emma Roberts).
He has also appeared as a guest star on a number of popular shows such as including Lizzie McGuire, and 24. His 2003 appearance on CSI: Miami earned him a nomination for the Young Artist Award for 'Best Performance in a TV Drama Series". In 2009, he produced and starred in a short, a thriller named "Injustice".
In 2013, Fenske will be playing the lead in a new comedy called Pendejo (Idiot). The story focuses on a college graduate who loves a life of partying until his father wants him to get a real job, and the antics that ensue. Fenske describes his character as someone "who gets to have a lot of fun" and has "a lot of crazy things that go on". It is scheduled for release in late November.
External links.
1.*Raja Fenske at the Internet Movie Database

</doc>
<doc id="20729884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729884" title="St. Mary's (Cambridgeshire) railway station">
St. Mary's (Cambridgeshire) railway station

St. Mary's railway station was a railway station in Ramsey St Mary's, Cambridgeshire which is now closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20729885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729885" title="Thurston, Springfield, Oregon">
Thurston, Springfield, Oregon

Thurston is a neighborhood in the eastern part of Springfield, Oregon, United States on Oregon Route 126. Before being annexed by Springfield, it was formerly an unincorporated community with its own post office. The earliest land claims in the Thurston area by white settlers were in 1851. A small crossroads community, including a general store and a blacksmith shop, formed at the corner of Thurston Road and 66th Street. The settlement was named for pioneer George H. Thurston, and Thurston post office was established in 1877. The ZIP code for Thurston post office boxes is 97482. The ZIP code for delivered mail is 97478.
Thurston Community Hall was built in 1912. It was the first building in Oregon that was constructed using curved laminated beams. Now known as the Thurston Grange Hall, it is still in use today.

</doc>
<doc id="20729969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729969" title="Broxton railway station">
Broxton railway station

Broxton railway station was a railway station near the village of Broxton, Cheshire on the Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway.
History.
Broxton opened on 1 October 1872. It had a station building and two side platforms. It was located behind the Edgerton Arms Hotel on the A41.
The station closed on 16 September 1957. The site is now the Broxton Picnic Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20729978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729978" title="Joe Bergin (hurler)">
Joe Bergin (hurler)

Joe Bergin (born 1988 in Clareen, County Offaly) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Seir Kieran and has been a member of the Offaly senior hurling inter-county team since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20729995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20729995" title="Migrationsverket">
Migrationsverket

Migrationsverket (also known in English as the Swedish Migration Board) is a Swedish government agency that answers to the Ministry of Justice. The agency is located in Norrköping, Östergötland.
The agency is Sweden’s central government authority for aliens affairs, with responsibility for permits for people visiting and settling in Sweden, asylum issues, citizenship affairs and national and international cooperation in these matters.

</doc>
<doc id="20730005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730005" title="Rolandas Paulauskas">
Rolandas Paulauskas

Rolandas Paulauskas (b. 6 August 1954 near Kretinga, Lithuania) is a politician, journalist, editor, and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="20730020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730020" title="Radiant Logic">
Radiant Logic

Radiant Logic, Inc. is an American computer software corporation focusing on solutions for Identity Integration, Enterprise Information Integration, Information Security, and Data Management. The company pioneered the development of the Virtual directory in complex enterprise Identity Management deployments.
Radiant Logic is best known for its RadiantOne Federated Identity platform. The software line’s flagship product is the Virtual Directory Server Context Edition (VDS-CE), which is designed specifically for deployment in high-volume, high-complexity environments. RadiantOne’s VDS acts as an abstraction layer, extracting identity and context information out of various application and data silos. By re-mapping the underlying sources and presenting the identity data in customized views for the needs of enterprise applications, RadiantOne enables authentication and fine-grained authorization for identity management and context-driven applications.
Radiant Logic’s global customer base includes many Fortune 500 companies in the fields of banking, finance, insurance, government, communications, manufacturing, education, entertainment and healthcare. Headquartered in Novato, CA, Radiant Logic has satellite offices in Chicago and Washington, DC, and distribution channels throughout the world.
History.
In 1995, Radiant Logic was founded by French-American software developers Michel Prompt and Claude Samuelson, the company’s CEO and Vice President of Engineering, respectively. The company was moved to Marin County, California, in 1999 during the height of the Silicon Valley technology boom. First round funding came from venture capitalists Sofinova, Doll Capital, and Innovacom. 
Prompt and Samuelson found success in their previous U.S.-based company, Matesys Corp., which they founded in 1991. It was the first company to offer Microsoft Windows-based client/server solutions to database application developers. The company introduced one of the first visual programming tools under Windows 3.0 for the client/server market (Object View). In 1993 Matesys was acquired by Atlanta software firm KnowledgeWare, now a part of CA Technologies.
2001–2008.
Radiant Logic’s breakthrough came in 2000, when it introduced the first virtual directory. The new product category gained widespread attention throughout the software industry, garnering accolades and prominent customers like Compaq, who soon implemented RadiantOne for its NonStop Himalaya server. That same year Network World named Prompt “Networking MVP.” Industry insider Dave Kearns wrote, “By combining Lightweight Directory Access protocol, XML and SQL behind the scenes, Prompt enabled the typical browser to see personalized (via a directory protocol) database information at will while maintaining powerful security through the authentication and authorization mechanisms built in to any good directory system.” In 2004, RadiantOne VDS 4.0 was rated top virtual directory in an InfoWorld product review. In 2007, Radiant Logic was recognized by the Burton Group as the virtual directory market leader.
2008–Present.
In recent years, Radiant Logic has developed products for the emerging context market in enterprise software. In 2008, Radiant Logic announced the launch of the first “context server” known as the VDS Context Edition. By extracting contextual information out of application silos, VDS Context Edition enables identity integration based on multiple application contexts across diverse data sources. In 2009, Radiant Logic released a major rollout of three products built on its RadiantOne Identity & Context platform, called the virtualization suite.
In April 2010, Gartner analyst Bob Blakley noted that virtualization of both identity and context will play a vital role in the new identity infrastructure. In his report The Emerging Architecture of Identity Management, Blakley wrote that “In the first phase, production of identities will be separated from consumption of identities through the introduction of a virtual directory interface. In the second phase, applications will externalize authorization to policy decision points…which can use contextual authorization to request attributes in real time.” 
In July 2010, Radiant Logic launched Context Browser, which lets users search structured information across data silos, and enables integration across specialized applications and databases. Radiant Logic also released ID-Connect, a free social networking interface based on Microsoft Silverlight that enables customizable views of system users.
In January 2011, Radiant Logic announced doubled revenue for 2010 versus 2009, with four times growth in earnings.
Demand for Identity Management and Virtual Directories continues to grow. A February 2008 Forrester Research Report titled Identity Management Market Forecast estimates that the virtual directory market will grow from $13 million in 2006 to $113 million by 2014.
Partnerships.
Radiant Logic has alliances with leading identity management software vendors, whose products work with the RadiantOne platform to create full-spectrum identity and data integration solutions. Key technology partners include CA Technologies, RSA/EMC, and Ping Identity. Radiant has also partnered with professional services organizations including Accenture, Booz Allen Hamilton, and Deloitte. 
In 2010, Radiant Logic announced a partnership with Axiomatics to provide an authorization solution based on the XACML standard. By externalizing context through virtualization of data and application silos, Radiant Logic enables Axiomatics to consume these contextual attributes inside XACML-based policies, providing a complete standards-based solution.
Additionally, Radiant Logic regularly produces educational webinars in conjunction with technology research and advisory firms, including Burton Group, Gartner, and Forrester.
Products and Awards.
Radiant Logic is known for its RadiantOne Identity and Context Virtualization Platform, which is composed of:
Radiant Logic has also earned several recent awards for its technology, including recognition as a Cool Vendor in information security by the Gartner analyst firm, and the gold editor's choice award from Windows IT Pro for its VDS product.

</doc>
<doc id="20730064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730064" title="Samuel Gunn House">
Samuel Gunn House

The Samuel Gunn House is a historic house located in Snow Hill, Worcester County, Maryland. It was constructed around 1780 and is one of the oldest and best preserved of the 18th century Georgian town dwellings in Worcester County. It is a two story, side hall / double pile frame house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20730066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730066" title="Flesh-Colored Horror">
Flesh-Colored Horror

Flesh-Colored Horror is listed as the 3rd in the Junji Ito Horror Comic Collection and published by ComicsOne. The table of contents lists all the stories as originally appearing in Halloween (magazine) a monthly manga magazine produced by Asahi Sonorama (朝日ソノラマ, Asahi Sonorama?), a Japanese manga, book, and magazine publishing company.
Notes.
Translator - Kanako Ishikawa
Editors - Dominic Mah & Renee Adams
Production Artists - Atsuko Hattori & Nicole Shi
US Cover Design - Yuki Chung
Lettering Fonts - Comiccraft
President - Robin Kuo
First volume published December 1997 by Asahi Sonorama.

</doc>
<doc id="20730067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730067" title="La Padania">
La Padania

la Padania is an Italian daily newspaper, and is the official press organ of the political party Lega Nord.
It was founded by it was founded by the then-President Umberto Bossi in September 1996 and since 8 January 1997 is delivered to newsstands and homes in Northern Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20730104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730104" title="Greenock Wanderers RFC">
Greenock Wanderers RFC

Greenock Wanderers R.F.C. is a rugby union team based in Greenock, Scotland. It consists of 1st XV, 2nd XV, under 18s, under 17s, under 16s, under 15s, S2 and S1 plus a complete Mini section; a mini rugby tournament is organised every year. Greenock Wanderers was formed in 1873, making it one of the oldest clubs in Scotland. They won the 2009/10 Scottish National League Division Two losing only one game and thus being promoted to the Scottish National League Division One. They now compete in the Scottish Championship League A (West), the 3rd tier of Scottish club rugby.
Greenock Wanderers Rugby Football Club is one of the oldest clubs in Scotland. It was formed in 1873, the same year in which Napoleon III of France abdicated, David Livingstone died in Africa and the American Civil War was still uppermost in people's minds. 
For the football supporters, Rangers F.C. were founded in this year and Celtic F.C. were still some 15 years away from their birth.
Wanderers are extremely proud of the fact that they have been able to maintain the interest and enthusiasm within the local environments for more than 130 years, forging numerous links with the local community. They are currently going through an expansion program, to open the field of rugby football to a greater audience, hitherto untapped. 
The 1st XV is once more competing successfully in the top 25% of clubs in Scotland, and, supported by a flourishing Youth Program spanning ages 7 to 17, they are the envy of many other clubs.
In early 2010 a Ladies' section was opened.
A new clubhouse was opened in 2008 after extensive work projects, providing top-notch hospitality to home and away supporters and any kind of alickadoos. The clubhouse was officially opened by The Princess Royal.

</doc>
<doc id="20730135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730135" title="Vancouver Men's Chorus">
Vancouver Men's Chorus

The Vancouver Men's Chorus is a non-profit choir. Composed of gay men and their friends, the chorus aims to promote community spirit and a positive image of the gay community. The Chorus is a member of the Vancouver Cultural Alliance, the British Columbia Choral Federation and of GALA Choruses, an association of over one hundred men's, women's, and mixed choruses from the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia, dedicated to providing leadership and inspiration to the gay and lesbian movement through excellence in the choral arts.
VMC History.
In 1981, the first gay choir, the San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus, toured the United States and several men from Vancouver drove the three hours south to Seattle to hear them. On their return, they decided to start a chorus of their own performing their first concert in December of that same year. They officially became the first gay chorus in Canada, a founding member of GALA and the first international gay chorus in that organization.
Under the continuing direction of conductor Willi Zwozdesky, the chorus has achieved national prominence through performances across Canada including visits to Ottawa, Toronto, Calgary, Victoria, and Montreal, and through radio broadcasts on CBC.
Concert performances in the United States have included San Francisco, Minneapolis, Seattle, Portland, Washington, D.C., Denver, San Diego, and San Jose.
In addition, broadcasts of its 1995 recording Making Spirits Bright, the 1992 recording Signature and the 2006 release of Encore have increased national exposure.
In 1991, The Canada Council recognized the chorus for its artistry, and in 1994, the chorus was selected as one of five national finalists in the CBC Amateur Choir Competition. In addition to its mainstage concerts that year, the chorus recorded J. Douglas Dodd's Symphony of Sound and Light with the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra, Elektra Women's Choir, and the Vancouver Children's Choir for broadcast on Parliament Hill during the summer months.
At the core of the Chorus’ achievements stands its contribution to the creation of new repertoire for men's and mixed voices. Custom-made arrangements, notably by Willi Zwozdesky, Stephen Smith, and other Canadian arrangers are a hallmark of VMC programming. As a result of this and the Chorus' wide-ranging concertizing, VMC arrangements are now heard in concert halls around the world. Original commissions have included Vancouver composers Michael Conway Baker, Ramona Luengen, Anita Perry, Rupert Lang, Stephen Smith, and Willi Zwozdesky, and Toronto composer Eleanor Daley. In 2000, the Chorus was also among the original commissioning choruses of Alan Shorter's setting of the children's story Oliver Button is a Sissy.
The Chorus is a member of the British Columbia Choral Federation and of GALA Choruses (an association of over one hundred men's, women's, and mixed choruses from the United States, Canada, Europe, and Australia, dedicated to providing leadership and inspiration to the gay and lesbian movement through excellence in the choral arts).
Sub Group.
Synergy.
Synergy was formed in October 1998 as a small ensemble of the Vancouver Men's Chorus, under the direction of the VMC's resident accompanist, Stephen Smith. Over the last decade, the select 12-voice a cappella group has been singing in a variety of styles ranging from renaissance to jazz, and from motets to Motown. In addition to their regular appearances in VMC mainstage concerts, Synergy has performed at festivals in Vancouver, Chicago, San Jose, Toronto, Montreal, and London, England; in self-produced concerts and as guests of other ensembles; in benefits for gay and lesbian organizations in Vancouver, Victoria, and Kamloops; and at scores of parties, weddings, and community events. In 2008 they released their first CD, entitled Synergy: Songs of Nature, Love, and Celebration. 
In addition to their regular appearances in VMC mainstage concerts, Synergy has performed at festivals in Chicago (1999), San Jose (2001), Toronto (2002), and Montreal (2004); in self-produced concerts with guests Synchronicity (2000) and Bryant Olender (2005); as guests of Pandora's Vox (2001) and the Rainbow Concert Band (2003); in benefits for local gay and lesbian organizations in Victoria (2004) and Kamloops (2001, 2002, 2005, 2007); at the first annual VoxFest (2003); and at scores of parties, weddings, community events, and fundraisers.
Outreach Concerts.
The VMC performs local community outreach concerts regularly at various benefits, conferences, and other occasions that fall within its mandate. The chorus also performs outreach concerts to audiences and communities farther from Vancouver, but still relatively close by. 
Recent community outreach concerts included the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20730137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730137" title="Jarmo Kytölehto">
Jarmo Kytölehto

Jarmo Kytölehto (born Petäjävesi, 23 June 1961) is a Finnish former rally driver. He won the Finnish Rally Championship in three consecutive years, first in Group A (1990, 1991) and then in Group N (1992). He also competed in 23 events in the World Rally Championship, with his best results coming in his home event at Rally Finland where he finished on the podium in 1995, 1996 and 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20730143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730143" title="Stuart Bimson">
Stuart Bimson

Stuart James Bimson (born 29 September 1969) is a former English footballer who is currently a Centre of Excellence Development Coach at Southend United. He played in the Football League as a defender for Bury, Lincoln City and Cambridge United making a total of 254 appearances, scoring four goals.
Playing career.
Bimson began his career with spells with Prescot Cables and Ellesmere Port. In January 1989, he joined Southport debuting in the 1-0 away victory over Morecambe on 21 January 1989. A virtual ever-present during his time at Haig Avenue, he scored just one league goal for the club in the 2-1 home victory over Horwich RMI on 28 August 1989 before departing at the end of the 1990-1991 season; his final game being the 2-0 away defeat to Stalybridge Celtic on 4 May 1991.
Bimson moved into the Football Conference joining Macclesfield Town at the start of the 1991-1992 season.
In August 2005, Bimson agreed a 12 month contract to return to the Football Conference with Canvey Island, debuting in the 1-0 away defeat to Accrington Stanley on 13 August 2005. Following Canvey's voluntary resignation from the Football Conference at the end of the 2005-2006 season, Bimson followed Canvey's manager Jeff King to Chelmsford City. He made his debut in the 2-2 home draw with Leyton on 4 September 2006 with his second, and final game, for the club coming in the 2-1 defeat at Horsham five days later.
Bimson moved on to join Bedford Town debuting in the 2-0 home defeat to Lewes on 2 December 2006. On 16 February 2006, following the departure of manager Nick Platnauer, Bimson was handed the manager's role until the end of the season. 
Coaching career.
He had a chastening start to his managerial career, suffering a 5-1 away defeat to Lewes followed by a 4-0 thumping at Havant & Waterlooville but secured a 3-1 victory over Thurrock in the next game, his first home match as manager. Although Bedford would finish the season bottom of the Conference South and secure just three victories and three draws in Bimson's 15 games in charge, they finished the season with two victories and two draws in their final four games and this upturn in form saw Bimson handed the manager's post on a permanent basis.
Bimson's first full season in charge saw the Eagles suffer a second relegation as they finished 19th in the Southern Football League Premier Division; the club would later escape relegation following the demise of Nuneaton Borough. Bimson, however, was spared the sack and tasked with rebuilding the side. However, in July, he resigned his post to join Cambridge United as first team coach linking up with his long-term friend Gary Brabin who had been newly appointed as manager of the Us. However, budgetary constraints saw Bimson leave his post at the end of his one-year contract. Still eager to return to management, he applied to become the manager of former club Lincoln City in the wake of Peter Jackson's sacking in September 2009 but was not interviewed for the post. He acted as a scout for Barrow during the 2009-2010 season and from September 2010 he worked as acting assistant manager to Ken McKenna at Altrincham, their first game being the 5-0 Football Conference defeat at Eastbourne Borough on 18 September 2010. After four weeks in the acting capacity he became assistant manager On 14 October 2010 but left at the end of the season following the club's relegation from the Football Conference. In July 2012, he joined the youth set-up at Southend United, becoming Centre of Excellence Development Coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20730147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730147" title="Sloane-Stanley Museum">
Sloane-Stanley Museum

The Sloane-Stanley Museum in Kent, Connecticut, is a museum featuring the studio and antique collections of Eric Sloane. It is owned and operated by the State Historic Preservation Office of Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="20730150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730150" title="List of Nashville Sounds no-hitters">
List of Nashville Sounds no-hitters

Since the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball franchise was established in Nashville, Tennessee in the 1978 season, its pitchers have pitched six no-hitters, which include two perfect games. The feats were accomplished by a total of eight different pitchers. All but one was achieved at Nashville's home ballpark, Herschel Greer Stadium. One occurred while the team was a member of the Double-A Southern League, two while in the Triple-A American Association (AA), and three in the Triple-A Pacific Coast League (PCL). Of the three nine-inning perfect games pitched in the over 100-year history of the PCL, two have been thrown by members of the Sounds.
The team's first no-hitter was Jim Deshaies' 5–1 win over the Columbus Astros on May 4, 1984. In the second inning, Deshaies walked three batters and hit another, accounting for the only Astros run of the game, the second game of a seven-inning doubleheader. The second was thrown by Bryan Kelly on July 17, 1985. Jack Armstrong pitched the club's third no-hitter on August 7, 1988. The previous night, Indianapolis Indians pitchers Randy Johnson and Pat Pacillo pitched a no-hit game against the Sounds, but lost. That game was won by Nashville when Lenny Harris walked to first base, stole second base, stole third base, and then came home, scoring on a groundout. This was the first time in AA history that teams played in back-to-back no-hit games.
On April 7, 2003, John Wasdin became the first Sounds player to pitch a perfect game. This was only the second nine-inning complete perfect game in the 100-year history of the PCL. Wasdin threw 100 pitches, striking out 15 batters. On July 15, 2006, pitchers Carlos Villanueva (6 IP), Mike Meyers (2 IP), and Alec Zumwalt (1 IP) combined to pitch Nashville's fifth no-hit game. Most recently, Manny Parra pitched the franchise's second perfect game on June 25, 2007. Parra threw 107 pitches, striking out 11 hitters and providing the third nine-inning complete perfect game in PCL history.

</doc>
<doc id="20730159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730159" title="Edward Northway">
Edward Northway

Edward George Northway, born in Sri Lanka on 30 October 1901 and died at Marylebone, London on 4 August 1966, played first-class cricket for Somerset and for the Royal Air Force.
Northway played five County Championship matches for Somerset in 1925 and three in 1926 as a right-handed middle-order batsman. In only one game, his second, did he make any major impact. Playing against Worcestershire at Worcester, Northway joined Jack White with Somerset 43 for four wickets. He added 104 with White, "adopting stern defensive measures", according to Wisden, then stayed through to the end of the innings at 224, remaining unbeaten on 55. The total was enough for Somerset to win the match with an innings to spare. 
In 1927 and 1928, Northway appeared for the Royal Air Force in first-class matches against other branches of the services. In the 1928 match with the Royal Navy at The Oval, opening the first innings, he made 83, which was his highest score in first-class cricket. As late as 1936, he was appearing for the RAF in non-first-class games.
Northway's younger brother, Reggie, also played for Somerset and for Northamptonshire and was killed in a road accident on the way back from a Northamptonshire match in 1936.
External links.
Edward Northway at www.cricketarchive.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20730180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730180" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Elk County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Elk County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Elk County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Elk County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 11 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20730236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730236" title="Petra Schmidt-Schaller">
Petra Schmidt-Schaller

Petra Schmidt-Schaller (born 28 August 1980) is a German actress. She is noted for the roles of "Helene" in "Runaway Horse" ("Ein fliehendes Pferd", 2007 movie) alongside Ulrich Noethen, Ulrich Tukur and Katja Riemann, and "Maud Brewster" in "The Sea Wolf" (2008 ProSieben film) alongside Thomas Kretschmann. 
Life and career.
Schmidt-Schaller was born in Magdeburg, the daughter of actors Andreas Schmidt-Schaller and Christine Krüger. She grew up in Prenzlauer Berg, a borough of East Berlin. Although she comes from a family of actors, her first experience with acting was during a one-year stay 1997–1998 as an exchange student in Kansas, where she attended her High School's acting class. Before her movie and TV career, she studied acting at the Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre in Leipzig from 2001 to 2005, and acted at the "Deutsches Nationaltheater Weimar" from 2003 to 2005.
Having played leading roles in several German films, a minor part in Dark Castle Entertainment's "Unknown" (2011) was her first international assignment. After "A Hero's Welcome" ("Nacht vor Augen", 2008) and "Almanya – Welcome to Germany" ("Almanya – Willkommen in Deutschland", 2011), "Unknown" was her third work that was screened at the Berlin International Film Festival. For the TV movie "Happiness Divided" ("Das geteilte Glück", 2010) she was awarded the German Actors’ Award and was nominated for the German Television Award as best actress. In Marcus H. Rosenmüller’s comedy-drama "Sommer in Orange" she starred as Amrita, a member of the Rajneesh movement caught between the pursuit of self-realization and the love of her children.
Petra Schmidt-Schaller lives in Berlin. In August 2011, she gave birth to a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20730265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730265" title="Morchella elata">
Morchella elata

Morchella elata is a species of fungus in the family Morchellaceae native to Europe. It is one of many related species commonly known as the black morel, and until 2012 the name "M. elata" was broadly applied to black morels in North America as well. "M. elata" is a popular edible fungus and is sought by many mushroom hunters.
Description.
Like other species in the genus "Morchella", "M. elata" has operculate asci (i.e., having an ascus opening by an apical lid to discharge spores), and unicellular hyaline ascospores with polar oil droplets.
This is an edible species, although like other morels, some individuals may be allergic.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The fruit bodies of "Morchella" species, including "M. elata", are highly polymorphic in appearance, exhibiting variations in shape, color and size; this has contributed to uncertainties regarding taxonomy. Discriminating between the various species is complicated by uncertainty regarding which species are truly biologically distinct. Mushroom hunters refer to them by their color as the species are very similar in appearance and vary considerably within species and age of individual.
Early phylogenetic analyses supported the hypothesis that the genus comprises only a few species with considerable phenotypic variation. More recent DNA work has suggested more than a dozen distinct groups of morels in North America, and over 60 worldwide. An extensive DNA study showed three discrete clades, or genetic groups, consisting of the black morels ("M. elata" and others), the yellow morels ("M. esculenta" and others), and "Morchella rufobrunnea". Within the black and yellow clades, there are dozens of individual species, most endemic to individual continents or regions. This species-rich view is supported by studies in North America, Western Europe, Turkey, Israel, the Himalayas, and China.
The scientific name "Morchella elata" was defined by Elias Magnus Fries in Europe in 1822. Recent DNA analysis has shown North American black morels to be distinct from European species, therefore restricting the use of the "M. elata" name to Europe. The taxonomy of morels in North America was clarified in 2012, providing names for many of the black morels that may have been referred to as "M. elata" in the past:
Eastern North America
Western North America
Ecology.
"Morchella elata" typically fruits in the spring in small groups on soil in forests. The variety "M. elata" var. "purpurescens", known only from Scotland, has a purple-colored fruiting body.
Toxicity.
Morels contain small amounts of hydrazine toxins that are removed by thorough cooking; morel mushrooms should never be eaten raw. It has been reported that even cooked morels can sometimes cause mild intoxication symptoms when consumed with alcohol.
When eating this mushroom for the first time it is wise to consume a small amount to minimize any allergic reaction. Morels for consumption must be clean and free of decay.

</doc>
<doc id="20730268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730268" title="Rampurhat subdivision">
Rampurhat subdivision

Rampurhat subdivision is a subdivision of the Birbhum district in the state of West Bengal, India. It consists of Rampurhat municipality, Nalhati municipality and eight community development blocks: Mayureswar–I, Mayureswar–II, Rampurhat–I, Rampurhat–II, Murarai–I, Murarai–II, Nalhati–I and Nalhati–II. The eight blocks contain 65 gram panchayats. The subdivision has its headquarters at Rampurhat.
Area.
Apart from the Rampurhat municipality and Nalhati municipality, the subdivision contains rural areas of 65 gram panchayats under eight community development blocks: Mayureswar–I, Mayureswar–II, Rampurhat–I, Rampurhat–II, Murarai–I, Murarai–II, Nalhati–I and Nalhati–II.
Blocks.
Mayureswar–I block.
Mayureswar–I block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Baraturigram, Dakshingram, Mollarpur–I, Bajitpur, Jhikodda, Mollarpur–II, Dabuk, Kanachi and Talowan. Mayureswar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Mallarpur.
Mayureswar–II block.
Mayureswar–II block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Daspalsa, Kaleswar, Mayureswar, Ulkunda, Dheka, Kundola and Satpalsa. Mayureswar police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Kotasur.
Rampurhat–I block.
Rampurhat — I block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Ayas, Dakhalbati, Kusumba, Bonhat, Kasthogora, Mashra, Barshal, Kharun and Narayanpur. Rampurhat and Margram police stations serve this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rampurhat.
Rampurhat–II block.
Rampurhat–II block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Bishnupur, Hansan–I, Margram–I, Budhigram, Hansan–II, Margram–II, Dunigram, Kaluha and Sahapur. Margram police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Rampurhat.
Murarai–I block.
Murarai–I block consists of rural areas with seven gram panchayats, viz. Chatra, Gorsha, Murarai, Rajgram, Dumurgram, Mahurapur and Palsa. Murarai police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Murarai.
Murarai–II block.
Murarai–II block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Amdole, Kushmore–II, Paikar–I, Jajigram, Mitrapur, Paikar–II, Kushmore–I, Nandigram and Rudranagar. Murarai police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Paikar.
Nalhati–I block.
Nalhati–I block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Banior, Haridaspur, Kaitha–II, Barla, Kalitha, Kurumgram, Bautia, Kaitha–I and Paikpara. Nalhati police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Nalhati.
Nalhati–II block.
Nalhati–II block consists of rural areas with nine gram panchayats, viz. Bara–I, Bhadrapur–I, Noapara, Bara–II, Bhadrapur–II and Shitalgram. Nalhati police station serves this block. Headquarters of this block is in Lohapur.
Legislative segments.
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in West Bengal:

</doc>
<doc id="20730364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730364" title="Robert T. Anderson">
Robert T. Anderson

Robert T. Anderson (born March 8, 1945) was the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1983 to 1987. He is a Democrat. To date he is the last male Lt. Governor of Iowa.
Anderson was the first Democrat in Iowa history elected Lieutenant Governor alongside a Republican Governor. Anderson received his bachelors and masters degrees from the University of Iowa. He was also a high school teacher, and served in the Iowa House of Representatives. In 1987 he was a founder and executive director of the Iowa Peace Institute. He created the IRIS, Inc. (Iowa Resource for International Service in 1993. Those organizations have brought more than 800 persons from the former Soviet Union, Central Europe, Asia and Africa to Iowa and organized travel to Iowa leaders to those parts of the country. Most recently, IRIS has arranged for more than 400 high school students from Nigeria and Tanzania to spend a year attending Iowa high schools through the State Department's Youth Education and Study (YES) program. Anderson was a sponsor for Thai Dam refugees in the 1970s and 80s. He led programs to assist Iraqi refugees in Iowa in 2008–09, and was named Immigrant Entrepreneurial Champion in 2009. Prior to his retirement, he also served as executive director of the Institute for Tomorrow's Workforce, an initiative to improve k-12 educational opportunity in Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="20730372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730372" title="Seyidlər (40° 21' N 47° 29' E), Zardab">
Seyidlər (40° 21' N 47° 29' E), Zardab

Seyidlər (also, Seidlyar) is a village in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20730395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730395" title="Seyidlər (40° 07' N 47° 51' E), Zardab">
Seyidlər (40° 07' N 47° 51' E), Zardab

Seyidlər (also, Seidlyar) is a village in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20730410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730410" title="Tattenhall railway station">
Tattenhall railway station

Tattenhall railway station was a railway station in the village of Tattenhall, Cheshire on the Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway or Chester-Whitchurch Branch Line, about a mile to the south of Tattenhall junction where the branch line diverged from the North Wales Coast Line running from Chester in the north-west towards Crewe to the south-east.
History.
The station was closed in 1957, and the name Tattenhall was transferred to the nearby Tattenhall Road station on the Chester–Crewe line. That station subsequently also closed, in 1966. 

</doc>
<doc id="20730414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730414" title="Utagawa Kunimasu">
Utagawa Kunimasu

Biography.
Very little is known of Kunimasa's personal details, including his birth and death dates. Art historians tend to date his activity to the early 1830s through the early 1850s. An 1835 'Who's who' type catalogue from the Naniwa area of Osaka describes him as "a master" of "ukiyo-e", indicating that he was already a well established artist by the early 1830s. Other manuscripts from the mid 1840s list him as living in the Senba [船場] district of Osaka. In 1899, a brief biography by Meiji era historian Sekine Shisei (1868-1912) was included in a compendium of biographies. According to Sekine, Kunimasu was a moneyed property owner who studied print design under Utagawa Kunisada in Edo before himself mentoring several pupils and opening his own print design school. Others have suggested that the artist was born into wealth and owned a shipbuilding company. What is certain is that he enjoyed considerable financial freedom and used it to promote "ukiyo-e" and its producers within Osaka.
Names.
As per convention, the artist was known by a number of names throughout his career: 
In 1846 or earlier, he began signing prints as Kunimasu in homage to Kunisada who had taken the name Toyokuni in 1844. The name change could not, however, be made official until 1848 and the lifting of the Tenpō Reforms. 
Seals.
In addition to the name seals listed above, Kunimasu used three symbol seals: a bat-shaped seal, the symbol 寿 ["ju" - longevity], and the "toshidama-in" cartouche. The latter distinctive mark was reserved for members of the Utagawa school of print designers. Examples of other seals applied to Kunimasu's prints exist, but are indecipherable.
Work.
Kunimasu's earliest known print is a "banzuke" theatre playbill dating to early 1830. Signed ""eshi Utagawa Sadamasu ga"" [絵師　歌川　貞升　画], the print was almost certainly produced while he was in Edo studying under Utagawa Kunisada. Kunimasu has been described as an "influential" figure on the Osaka art scene, one of his greatest achievements being the popularization of the "chūban" format. Kunimasu began experimenting with close-up actor portraits in this size in 1840, not long before the Tenpō Reforms were to disrupt "yakusha-e" production. He encouraged his student and fellow pupil of Kunisada, Hirosada, to follow suit. With the repeal of the Tenpō Reforms in the spring of 1847, Hirosada was to pioneer a revival of the "chūban" portrait format, likely through the financial support of Kunimasu.
Critics tend to admire Kunimasu's "sense of colour and... fine palette dominated by intense colours with subtle contrasts," as well as the "bold directness" of his lines. In addition, he is credited with employing "tour-de-force techniques" such as "sumptuously printed... metallic pigments, embossing, burnishing, overprinting."
The majority of Kunimasu's works belong to the "yakusha-e" genre, being portraits of actors from the local kabuki theatre world. This is a common feature of artists from the Kamigata region, where the vast majority of artists were not professionals, but "talented kabuki fans." Kunimasu in particular is credited with "expressing the psychology of stage performance through powerful and varied physiognomies and vivid or unusual placements of the figures in his compositions."
In 1852, Kunimasu and his student Hirosada visited Edo, where they joined with other pupils of Kunisada in creating background designs for a series of half-length actor portraits. Soon after returning to Kamigata, Kunimasu turned his back on "ukiyo-e" and took up painting. He ended his artistic career producing paintings in the style of the Shijō school, known for its blending of Japanese tradition with Western realism.
Students.
Kunimasu is well known to have been an active proponent of Osaka printmaking and to have directly aided the careers of a number of artists. Among those known to have studied under Kunimasu are the following:
Collections.
Works signed by Sadamasu or Kunimasu belong to the following museum collections:

</doc>
<doc id="20730427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730427" title="Goldsborough, Scarborough">
Goldsborough, Scarborough

Goldsborough is a small hamlet in the civil parish of Lythe, North Yorkshire, England within the North York Moors National Park. It is situated a few miles north of Whitby.
It was the site of a Roman signal station.

</doc>
<doc id="20730428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730428" title="You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again">
You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again

"You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again" is an autobiography by Julia Phillips, detailing her career as a film producer and disclosing the power games and debauchery of New Hollywood in the 1970s and 1980s. It was first published in 1991 and became an immediate "cause célèbre" and bestseller. The book was reissued in 2002 after the author's death.
Background.
In partnership with her husband Michael, Julia Phillips was one of the most successful film producers in Hollywood during the 1970s. Their second film, "The Sting", grossed almost $160 million and won seven Academy Awards, making Julia the first woman to win a Best Picture Oscar. Their third film, "Taxi Driver", brought them a second Oscar nomination and won the Palme d'Or in 1976. In 1977 they co-produced their most financially successful movie, Steven Spielberg's $300 million-grossing "Close Encounters of the Third Kind".
However, Julia had long indulged in a self-destructive lifestyle of excessive drug consumption, and it had begun to affect her work. François Truffaut, one of French cinema's most iconic directors and a star of "Close Encounters", blamed her for that film's budget difficulties, and she was eventually fired during post-production because of her cocaine dependence.
Phillips, by now divorced, spent the following years on a downward spiral which included, by her own account, spending $120,000 on cocaine, before entering therapy to recover from her addiction. Then, in 1988, having been out of Hollywood for eleven years, she sold all her assets to produce "The Beat", about a kid in a tough neighbourhood trying to teach poetry to local gangs. It was a critical and commercial disaster, grossing less than $5,000 at the box office, and Phillips turned to penning her scathing memoir to escape her financial difficulties.
Synopsis.
The book begins by briefly introducing the reader to Phillips in 1989, before quickly travelling back to her childhood in 1940s Brooklyn. It then covers her early life and first successes in the film industry: she and Michael earned $100,000 from their debut feature, "Steelyard Blues", moved to Malibu, California, and had a daughter, Kate. The most notorious chapters follow as Phillips enjoys her greatest career successes, perhaps most infamously when she recalls the amalgam of drugs she was under the influence of on the night she won her Oscar ("a diet pill, a small amount of coke, two joints, six halves of Valium, and a glass and a half of wine"). She also reveals the personal peccadillos and vices of the biggest Hollywood A-listers of the day, including Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese, Richard Dreyfuss, Goldie Hawn, Corey Haim, Joel Schumacher, Christopher Guest, George Lucas and David Geffen. Many of these people were pivotal figures in the emergence of New Hollywood in the 1960s and '70s, but Phillips disparagingly refers to them as "a rogues' gallery of nerds". Later episodes in her life, including freebasing, and her abusive relationship with a violent drug addict which caused her to miss her own mother's funeral, are also discussed candidly.
Most significant, from Phillips' own point of view, is her exposé of the "Boys' Club" in the higher echelons of Hollywood, where she claimed it was her gender that led to her ultimate ostracism. "If I had been a man, they would have closed ranks around me", she said, referring to her drug addiction. "They hated the woman thing. And I wasn't even regarded as a woman, I was a girl." Writing about her in "The Independent" in 2002, film critic David Thomson expressed Phillips' attitude as: "you guys don't take women seriously; you like us around... [but we aren't allowed to be players". Those same few men, like "Valley viper" Mike Ovitz who headed the Creative Artists Agency were, in her eyes, responsible for a qualitative decline in standards and the increasing banality of movies since the 1970s.
Reception.
On its release most critics agreed that the book was both scandalous and career-ending. (Even with a quarter of the 1,000-page original manuscript excised, it took lawyers at Random House fourteen months to approve it for publication.) Lewis Cole, in "The Nation", described it as being "written but spat out, a breakneck, formless performance piece...propelled by spite and vanity". "Newsweek's" review called it a "573-page primal scream", while one Hollywood producer said it was "the longest suicide note in history". In "Easy Riders, Raging Bulls", Peter Biskind's 1998 anecdotal history of New Hollywood, Richard Dreyfuss recalled his initial fury at Phillips' revelations, before more circumspectly listening to "a little voice inside my head [saying 'Richard, Richard, the truth was so much worse'." After Phillips' death from cancer in 2002 the book was reissued in paperback by Faber and Faber, and gained renewed attention. Tim Appelo wrote in his Salon.com tribute that it was "mordant, merciless, outdid Capote in shrieking truth to decadent power", while David Thomson praised it as "compulsive, hilarious entertainment". 
Commercially, Phillips' memoir became an enormous success. It quickly moved to the top of the "New York Times" Non Fiction Best Seller list and stayed at No. 1 for thirteen weeks. Additionally, several prominent Los Angeles bookstore owners reported it to be the fastest-selling book they had ever seen. But Phillips was excoriated by Hollywood, and her autobiography's publication cost her the chance to adapt Anne Rice's "" with David Geffen. Furthermore, in an example of life imitating art, pre-eminent Los Angeles restaurant Morton's fulfilled the book's titular prediction by declining her future patronage.
Shortly before her death, when asked if she had been too cruel in her writing, Phillips replied, "We all have our standards. People behaved in an ugly and despicable fashion towards me. I felt no constraints. Nothing I did in my book is as mean as any of the people I wrote about." She was similarly unrepentant about her subsequent expatriation, saying "I wasn't a pariah because I was a drug-addicted, alcoholic, rotten person and not a good mother. I was a pariah because I hit them with a harsh, fluorescent light and rendered them as contemptible as they truly are."

</doc>
<doc id="20730517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730517" title="Seyidlər, Zardab">
Seyidlər, Zardab

Seyidlər, Zardab may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20730537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730537" title="Sault Falls">
Sault Falls

Sault Falls (also called Dennery Falls and Errard Falls) is a high waterfall near Dennery in Saint Lucia.

</doc>
<doc id="20730549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730549" title="2000 Cincinnati Masters – Singles">
2000 Cincinnati Masters – Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion, but lost in the third round this year.
Thomas Enqvist won the title, defeating Tim Henman 7–6(7–5), 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20730584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730584" title="Picard v. Barry Pontiac-Buick, Inc.">
Picard v. Barry Pontiac-Buick, Inc.

Picard v. Barry Pontiac-Buick, Inc. (654 A.2d 690) is a 1995 Rhode Island Supreme Court case often cited in tort law text books to explain the legal concept of battery.
Picard was unhappy about her mechanic's brake inspection and contacted a local television news "troubleshooter" reporter. When she returned for a reinspection, she took a picture of the mechanic inspecting the brakes on her car. The mechanic turned around, approached her, pointed his finger at her, and questioned her taking a picture of him. He intentionally touched her camera with his finger. Picard claimed that when she spun around her back was injured. 
The trial court awarded Picard $60,366 in compensatory damages and an additional $6,350 in punitive damages. The Supreme Court held that the mechanic committed battery, because the mechanic caused an offensive or unconsensual touching upon the body of Picard, regardless of the mechanic's intent to injure. Items attached to or identified with the plaintiff's body, such as the camera, also count. The court also found that the mechanic committed assault. The court vacated the award and remanded for a new trial on damages.

</doc>
<doc id="20730632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730632" title="Feng County">
Feng County

Feng County may refer to two counties in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20730652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730652" title="Feng">
Feng

Feng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20730669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730669" title="Ballyraine">
Ballyraine

Ballyraine () is a district of Letterkenny, County Donegal, Republic of Ireland, located in the parish of Aughaninshin. Ballyraine Linear Park is found here. Ballyraine National School, a co-educational primary school which is under joint management of the Church of Ireland and Presbyterian Church, is also located in the area.
Physical distance from the town centre, lack of permeability and lack of neighbourhood facilities result in an isolated neighbourhood with high dependency on car usage for daily conveniences.
History.
The area has a rich maritime past. In 1824, when the first description of Letterkenny as a modern town was written, it was stated that: ""Within half a mile is the Port of Ballyraine, whither vessels of 100 tons bring iron, salt and colonial produce and whence they export hides and butter"".
Port Ballyraine would have seen the regular importation of timber to the building trade and also the poles to carry out the Electrification of Rural Ireland programme during the 1930s. The port was closed to commercial shipping in the 1960s. The 19th-century shipping warehouses were demolished in 2001, a coal yard remains at the Port Bridge. The Polestar monument located on the Port Bridge Roundabout serves as a reminder of the area's past. Created by Locky Morris, Its shape alludes to the outline of a boat, as well as having a locomotive (train track) theme, to commemorate the fact that both forms of transportation played a major part in the town's development in the past.
In 1990, due to the growing population of the area, it was deemed necessary to construct a church. The Church of the Irish Martyrs was completed in 1994 and became the first church in Ireland to be named after the Irish Catholic Martyrs.
Local economy.
Businesses currently operating in the area include Donegal Creameries, which has operations in Ireland, Britain and Holland, leisure complex Arena 7 which is located in Ballyraine Retail Park and the Mount Errigal Hotel. The Donegal studio of RTÉ is located in the Donegal Enterprise Fund Business Centre in Ballyraine. Confectionery manufacturers Oatfield are based at the entrance to Ballyraine. Happy Days shop, Keys shop & Garage/Petrol Station, Sweeney's shop & Petrol Station, Ballyraine Park Health Centre (GP), Ballyraine Pharmacy, the SOLAS(formerly FAS)Training Centre, and Education and training centre Rossan College are also located in the area.
Former industries included a UNIFI plant which closed in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20730674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730674" title="Dynjandi">
Dynjandi

Dynjandi (also known as Fjallfoss) is a set of waterfalls located in the Westfjords (Vestfirðir), Iceland. The waterfalls have a cumulative height of .

</doc>
<doc id="20730728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730728" title="Arbortext Advanced Print Publisher">
Arbortext Advanced Print Publisher

Arbortext Advanced Print Publisher (APP, formerly Advent 3B2) is a commercial typesetting software application sold by Parametric Technology Corporation.
The software contains an automated publishing engine that can produce high-quality PDF documents that have complex page layouts. In 2006 the software price started at $45,000.
Uses.
APP has traditionally been used for a number of specific typesetting tasks.
Technologies.
APP supports processing of marked-up text such as SGML, XML and HTML using its own proprietary scripting languages and established technologies such as Perl, XPath and Unicode. Its rules-based engine allows the stylesheet builder to automate demanding page make-up tasks and run them in a 'lights out' server mode.
APP applies text and page formatting properties in a proprietary language based on SGML mark-up. APP 'templates' are stylesheets which comprise page layouts, text formatting styles and scripting. Scripting is used to automate the publishing process using 'macros', which are low-level system commands. When using XML, a template can employ XPath to specify the exact conditions to which style is applied.
Principal outputs are PostScript and PDF, although APP also provides a number of alternative output drivers.
APP provides a WYSIWYG view of pages in the Desktop version, which can be used to manipulate pages after automated composition, or to build templates.

</doc>
<doc id="20730764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730764" title="Vandana Jain">
Vandana Jain

Dr. Vandana Jain is an Indian Cornea, Cataract and Lasik Eye Specialist. She is the founding Director of Advanced Eye Hospital in Navi Mumbai.
Medical Training.
Vandana was born and brought up in New Delhi. She received her undergraduate medical training from the prestigious Maulana Azad Medical College. She went on to pursue her residency in Ophthalmology from the Guru Nanak Eye Centre which is affiliated with MAMC. 
Dr. Jain further completed a long term fellowship in Anterior segment services from the prestigious LV Prasad Eye Institute, Hyderabad.

</doc>
<doc id="20730784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730784" title="WebConfig">
WebConfig

WebConfig is an open sourced server administration and configuration tool licensed under the GPL. It is featured in ClearOS, ClarkConnect and CentralPointe Server. The goal of the tool is to make administration tasks of the Linux server easy to use and focuses on tasks relevant to operating the server for a small or medium sized business. It covers administration of tasks to make the server easy to administer for tasks like file, print, messaging, unified threat management, quality of service, database, and web services.
Some key features introduced by the system include multiwan (allows the use of multiple internet connections), flexshares (multiple protocol file sharing paradigm which includes CIFS, HTTP, FTP, and SMTP), and a template for changing the look and feel of the user interface.
Webconfig also ties into services in the cloud using the closed source SUVA protocol and other protocols.

</doc>
<doc id="20730798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730798" title="Banquet of the Five Kings">
Banquet of the Five Kings

The Banquet of the Five Kings was a meeting, in 1363, of the kings of England, Scotland, France, Denmark and Cyprus. It was arranged by Sir Henry Picard, a former Lord Mayor of London. The five kings were:
The occasion (the toast of the five kings) was hosted by the “The Vintners' Company” at their Hall.
The Cypriot beverage company KEO created a brandy, produced in Limassol, to commemorate the occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="20730838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730838" title="Sogan-dolma">
Sogan-dolma

Sogan-dolma, which means stuffed onions in Turkish ("soğan dolması"), is a traditional Bosnian dish, considered the specialty of Mostar. Ingredients include onions, minced beef, rice, oil, tomato purée, paprika, vinegar or sour cream, dense natural yogurt (locally known as Kiselo Mlijeko, literally 'Sour Milk'), black pepper, salt and spices.
Preparation.
The skin being removed, the larger, external, layers (leaves) of onion bulbs are used as containers, so called "shirts" (Turk. "dolma") for the meat stuffing. The remaining part of onion is also used, mixed with the meat and fried on oil for a couple of minutes, to obtain the base of the stuffing. To extract the separate "shirts", the entire bulbs are cut on the top and then boiled until soft enough to be pried off, layer by layer. In order to prevent a further softening and crumbling, the bulbs should be blanched. The "shirts" are removed from the bulbs by slow and gentle finger pressure. Filled "shirts" ("dolme") are boiled slowly at a low heat in broth. The level of liquid should be sufficient to cover the dolmas entirely. Sogan-dolma are usually served with dense natural yogurt.
External links.
http://jasnaskitchencreations.blogspot.com.au/2012/09/sogan-dolma-stuffed-onions_13.html (Eglish)

</doc>
<doc id="20730863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730863" title="Mary Lee Jepsen">
Mary Lee Jepsen

Marylee Jepsen was born in Omaha, Nebraska on January 22, 1944. She was Miss Nebraskain 1962 at 18 years old and the feature performer on the 1963 Miss America Pageant Telecast. She ended up as a semi-finalist in the top ten and tied for the Preliminary Talent Award. She twirled three fire battons while performing acrobatics. After graduating from high school she went on to the University of Nebraska at Lincoln and was granted to stay in the Governors Mansion for the first month. Graduating from the University of Nebraska she moved to California at 22. Marylee took up a teaching position while also attending Santa Clara University where she earned a Masters of Arts in Counseling Psychology. She also holds Masters of Arts in Religion from Trinity Evangelical School in Deerfield, Illinois and a Post-Masters Certification from Northwestern University in Marriage and Family Therapy. She is married to Grayson Sanders, a former Lieutenant in the United States Navy, a graduate from University of Virginia and Stanford. She is also the brother of Steve Jepsen who held the bench press record at the University of Nebraska and was the [http://www.huskersnside.com/attachments1/887.pdf?SPSID=98&SPID=32&DB_OEM_ID=100 Big 8 Discus Champion. She is currently an Elder at First Presbyterian Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20730873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730873" title="1992 Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team">
1992 Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team


</doc>
<doc id="20730879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730879" title="Pucho Fernández">
Pucho Fernández

Leopoldo "Pucho" Fernández II (September 2, 1927 – July 29, 2008) was a Cuban-Puerto Rican comedian. He was the son of veteran Cuban comedian Leopoldo Fernández, known as Tres Patines.
Biography.
Fernández was born on September 2, 1927 in La Habana, Cuba. He started working theater in Cuba when he was only 13 years old doing several minor jobs behind the curtains. However, he quickly started performing with his father in his show "La Tremenda Corte". 
In 1954, he came to Puerto Rico and was quickly hired as floor coordinator for Telemundo due to his knowledge of both English and Spanish. He was also the technical coordinator of "El caso de la mujer asesinadita", one of the first Puerto Rican telenovelas. He also worked with producers Henry Lafont, Gaspar Pumarejo, Luis Vigoreaux, Marta Silva, and Fernando Hidalgo. Later on, he started performing comedy sketches in "El Show del Mediodía" at WAPA-TV.
One of Fernández' more famous roles was in "El Barrio Cuatro Calles", where he played the role of Pepón, one of the owners of two bakeries located one in front of the other both competing for customers and sales. Later on, the comedy took another route where Fernández' character became "Superpan", a superhero spoof like Chespirito's Chapulín Colorado (Mexico).
In the late 1980s, Fernández worked in "El Cuartel de la Risa", another sitcom that took place in a police station, starring Carmen Dominicci, Rafael José, and Antonio Sánchez "El Gangster". Other characters he was known for were Machito Pichón, Poncito, Cabo Blanco, and 20/20 (a Latin version of Mr. Magoo). Later, he collaborated in shows like "Con Lo Que Cuenta Este País" and intervened in some of Héctor Marcano's shows.
Fernández was also a stand-up comedian, screenwriter, and director. In his late years, he retired and dedicated himself to writing.
Fernández died on July 29, 2008 at a retirement home in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He died of pulmonar emphysema because of his cigarette addiction. Fernández son, Leo Fernández III is a known reporter and paparazzo in Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="20730892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730892" title="Central Street">
Central Street

Central Street can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20730912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730912" title="Il Duce (song)">
Il Duce (song)

"Il Duce" is a 1985 7" single by noise rock band Big Black.
Homestead Records asked the band to release a 12" version of the single exclusively for radio stations. Vocalist Steve Albini accepted, as long as the single wouldn't be sold otherwise.
The band later discovered the single was being sold at several stores outside of the band's Chicago hometown. This incident resulted Big Black leaving Homestead Records for good.

</doc>
<doc id="20730916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730916" title="Fitz Coleman">
Fitz Coleman

Fitz Coleman is a track and field athletics coach, specializing in hurdling events. He is currently the technical director and head coach of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) recognised High Performance Training Centre in Kingston, Jamaica which is responsible for training the country's track athletes. He is also, along with Glen Mills, part of the coaching team for Usain Bolt and the Jamaican Olympic track team. He received a person of the year award from "The Jamaica Gleaner" in recognition of his contributions to Sport in Jamaica. Other sprinters he has coached include 400 metres Commonwealth Games medallist Jermaine Gonzales.

</doc>
<doc id="20730923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730923" title="John Hulme">
John Hulme

John Hulme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20730947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730947" title="Tatum Keshwar">
Tatum Keshwar

Tatum Keshwar (born 14 December 1983 in Durban) is a South African fashion model of Indian origin who was crowned Miss South Africa 2008 on 15 December 2008.
Keshwar was one of the top ten finalists of Miss Universe 2009, finishing in 7th place. She also went on to represent South Africa in Miss World 2009, becoming second runner-up and Miss World Africa.
Early life.
Prior to winning Miss South Africa she was a finalist on the third period of the reality modeling contest Revlon Supermodel, which was aired from November to December 2007 on SABC 3. 
Keshwar attended Mowat Park Girls High and has a psychology degree from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, and her hobbies and interests include yoga, modelling, reading and going to the gym as well as parasailing and abseiling.
Miss Universe 2009.
Keshwar represented her country in Miss Universe 2009 in Nassau, Bahamas where she made the finals and placed 7th overall.
Miss World 2009.
Keshwar placed among the top 12 at the Miss World Top Model fast-track event and became one of the Top 3 finalists during Miss World 2009 held on 12 December 2009 in Johannesburg, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20730962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730962" title="Clark Moustakas">
Clark Moustakas

Dr. Clark E. Moustakas (1923 – 10 October 2012) was an American psychologist and one of the leading experts on humanistic and clinical psychology. He helped establish the Association for Humanistic Psychology and the Journal for Humanistic Psychology. He is the author of numerous books and articles on humanistic psychology, education and human science research. His most recent books:" Phenomenological Research Methods; Heuristic Research; Existential Psychotherapy" and the "Interpretation of Dreams; Being-In, Being-For, Being-With" and "Relationship Play Therapy" are valuable additions to research and clinical literature. His current focus at MiSPP is the integration of philosophy, research and psychology in the education and training of humanistic clinical psychologists.
Biography.
Clark Moustakas, Ed.D., Ph.D. Educational and Clinical Psychology, Columbia University, President Emeritus and Co-Founder, CHS now known as the Michigan School of Professional Psychology MiSPP [http://www.mispp.edu]. Moustakas co-found CHS-MiSPP with Cereta Perry, Ph.D, Bruce Douglass, Ph.D, and Diane Blau, Ph.D. The school has both an M.A. and PsyD program in Clinical Psychology.
In 1949 Dr. Moustakas joined the faculty at the Merrill-Palmer Institute (MPI) at Wayne State University in Detroit, MI. In 1953 he wrote his first book Children in Play Therapy. In 1956 he compiled Publication of The Self, the result of the dialogues between Abraham Maslow, Carl Rogers, Clark Moustakas and others, forging the Humanistic Psychology movement. Meetings were held at 40 E. Ferry Ave. in Detroit, MI. The publication of Dr. Moustakas's book Loneliness in 1961 was released to public acclaim and becomes the basis of heuristic research. In 1962 Dr. Moustakas participated in the formation of the American Association of Humanistic Psychology and the creation of the Journal of Humanistic Psychology.
In 1980-1981 Clark Moustakas, Cereta Perry, Diane Blau and Bruce Douglas co-created the Center for Humanistic Studies CHS, establishing an independence from the Merrill Palmer Institute MPI and in 1984 received full accreditation from the NCA.
From 1990-1994 Moustakas published "Heuristic Research: Design, Methodology and Applications" and "Phenomenological Research Methods." In 2004 Dr. Moustakas and his daughter Kerry published "Loneliness, Creativity and Love: Awakening Meanings in Life."
Clark Moustakas died on 10 October 2012 at his home in Farmington Hills, Michigan.
Bibliography.
Rev. 11/11/2010 2
children (pp. 217-230). Springfield, IL: Thomas. (Reprinted from (1955) Journal of Genetic Psychology, 86, 79-99.)
Wiley. (Reprinted from Bugental, J. (Ed.). (1967). Challenges of humanistic psychology (pp. 100-107). New York, NY: McGraw-Hill.)
(Reprinted from Moustakas, C.
Rev. 11/11/2010 4
Foreign Language Publications:
Chinese
Dutch
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Tokyo: Iwasaki Gakujutsu Shuppansha.
Korean
Lithuanian
Polish
Portuguese
Minas Gerais, Brazil: Belo Horizonte.
Rev.

</doc>
<doc id="20730963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730963" title="Central Street (Evanston, Illinois)">
Central Street (Evanston, Illinois)

Central Street is the principal east-west artery in the far north of Evanston, Illinois and is a major thoroughfare in other northern and northwest suburbs of Chicago. It is the longest east-west road in the city of Evanston, where it stretches for over two miles (3 km) from the city limits west of Crawford Avenue to its eastern intersection with Sheridan Road near the historic Grosse Point Lighthouse. West of Evanston, the street begins at Barrington Road (26 miles west of State Street) in South Barrington and runs westward intermittently through various municipalities, where it is alternately known as Central Road, Central Parkway, and, along the Skokie/Wilmette border, Central Street. The street is located at 2600 N in the Evanston grid system and 10100 N in the Chicago grid system. 
History and name.
Central Street has a non-central location in Evanston; the name dates to when the street was the principal thoroughfare for the village of North Evanston, which was annexed to Evanston in 1874.
Transportation.
Central Street has been extensively served by mass transit for over a century. The Chicago & Milwaukee Railroad began service from Chicago to Waukegan in 1855. The Chicago and North Western Railway took over the line in 1866, and the Central Street station (at Green Bay Road) still stands today as a Metra stop on the Union Pacific/North Line.
An Evanston trolley system operated electric streetcars down Central Street from 1897 to 1935. Light rail service connecting the neighborhood with Chicago reached Central Street in 1908, when the right-of-way of the Chicago, Milwaukee, and St. Paul Railroad, a would-be competitor of the CN&W, on tracks a half-mile east, was leased to a trolley company. Today the north-south line is operated by the CTA, which maintains a Central Street stop on the Purple Line. In rush hours there is express service to the Loop.
Four different bus routes serve the neighborhood, with two running directly down Central Street itself.
Central Street is classified by the Illinois Department of Transportation as an unmarked state-maintained road. The street is wide enough in portions for four lanes and contains sections that are part of Evanston's bicycle plan. The community takes an active interest in bicycling as transportation, including as part of multi-modal transportation. Sections of Central Street were striped in 2010 for dedicated bike lanes.
Evanston's 2000 Comprehensive General Plan identified the Central Street "corridor" as a location for increased residential density because of the mass transit availability, but noted that "sensitivity to the surrounding neighborhoods" would be essential to prevent over-congestion and incompatible design; the same study identified Central Street as an area where there was already a significant shortage of parking.
Business.
The Central Street district is frequently referred to as "unique," even in Evanston city code, which refers to "diverse, unique, small-scale, pedestrian-oriented retail shops, services and restaurants." Regional publications, the real estate industry, and travel publications take note of the "specialty shops and restaurants" that exist in a walkable environment with an eclectic, vintage "small-town feel."
The shopping district is a destination that draws customers from outside the area; a 2005 study done for the Village of Wilmette identified the "core" of Central Street (identified as the shopping area around the intersection of Central Street and Green Bay Road) as a direct competitor of the Green Bay Road Corridor in Wilmette, that "attracts many residents from southeast Wilmette for basic shopping." The local merchants have their own association and a Facebook page that lists many businesses.
Culture and art.
The Central Street district includes a number of art galleries and antique stores. It is home to the Mitchell Museum of the American Indian and the Evanston Art Center. Since 1952 the North Branch of the Evanston library system has been located on Central Street. A large and active community organization, the Central Street Neighbors Association, maintains an interactive website with neighborhood and cultural news.
Development and zoning issues.
Canyonization.
In 2004, the potential overdevelopment of Central Street became an issue after the construction of several new multi-use, multi-story buildings up to the limit of the lot line, larger in scale than the vast majority that housed existing businesses. Residents generally opposed the potential "canyonization" of the street. Canyonization of the street became an issue in the 2005 municipal election. After a year of activism by residents and numerous municipal and ward meetings, the City of Evanston in November 2005, amended its zoning ordinance to create a new "B1a" district, extending for several blocks on the western portion of Central Street, "characterized by having reduced building height and residential density."
Evanston Theatre redevelopment.
In 2006 a development team requested a site development allowance and special use permit from the City Council in order to demolish a structure on the 1700 block of Central, east of Green Bay road, housing the shuttered Evanston Theatre, a restaurant, and a number of storefronts, to make way for a 5-story, 51-unit mixed-use condominium development. After the developers modified the proposal to four stories, with upper floors stepped back slightly from the street, the Council approved the project in February 2007, over neighbors' objections.
Central Street Master Plan.
In response to some of the previous controversies, the City of Evanston in the winter of 2006–07 began a long-urged comprehensive planning of Central Street. A Master Plan was adopted in June 2007, and ordinances passed in January 2008 that re-zoned the corridor, including the first steps toward form-based code in Evanston.
Fourth of July parade.
Central Street serves as the route for the Evanston Fourth of July parade. Evanston has held the parade since 1922, when it was started by a North Evanston mothers' group. The parade attracts about 10,000 spectators each year, and Country Home magazine ranked it as the third-best Fourth of July celebration in 2003. The parade became a subject of local controversy in the early 2000s due to attendees who put chairs, tape, and other markers along the route weeks ahead of time. Central Street residents became irritated at the chairs, and many complained to the city government about the issue. The city responded by passing an ordinance which prohibited residents from placing chairs and blankets along the parade route prior to July 1; city workers would remove any items placed earlier. The ordinance also outlawed the use of rope or tape to reserve a spot.

</doc>
<doc id="20730997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20730997" title="Leten">
Leten

Leten is a tiny village and valley of Tibet. It is located between Yangpachen and Tsurphu Monastery in the Lhasa Prefecture.
At an altitude of 5105m, it is one of the highest permanent settlements in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20731001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731001" title="Dairy Council of California">
Dairy Council of California

Dairy Council of California provides free nutrition education programs to California children and adults through teachers and health professionals. In addition, the Dairy Council of California provides a Mobile Dairy Classroom, a free outdoor assembly with a live cow. The organization also provides consumers with nutrition information through a website, HealthyEating.org.
The Dairy Council of California strives to help consumers make food choices that match individual values and contribute to optimal health. Nutrition education efforts use a total diet approach inclusive of all five food groups identified in the USDA MyPlate food guidance system (grains, vegetables, fruits, milk and meat and beans).
Dairy Council of California currently has about 45 employees in four offices in California. The headquarters office is in Sacramento, California. In 2007-08 Dairy Council of California reached over 10 million Californians through classroom and after-school nutrition education programs, Mobile Dairy Classroom, health professional counseling and Meals Matter website.
As a state government entity, Dairy Council of California is funded by California’s dairy farmers and milk processors through assessments collected by the California Department of Food and Agriculture.
History of Organization.
The Dairy Council of California (formerly called California Dairy Council) was established on Feb 8, 1919. The organization was conceived during San Francisco Bay ferryboat commuter trips by two well-known California dairy industry leaders, Sam H. Greene and Chester Earl Gray after reading about discoveries in the field of nutrition in the early 1900s. Two articles published in Hoards Dairyman specifically caught their attention, “The Present Situation in Nutrition” and “The Dairy Industry and Human Welfare” written by Dr. E.V. McCollum from the University of Wisconsin who discovered vitamin A. McCollum characterized vitamin A as a “vital life substance in dairy fat”.
Other significant events happening in the country at this time include the formation of the California Farm Bureau Federation and the formation of the National Dairy Council in 1915. Cities around the country were experimenting with school feeding programs in the early 1900s. All these events inspired Greene and Gray to bridge the link between nutrition science and dairy products that led to the formation of the non-profit organization California Dairy Council, made up of volunteer producers and distributors. They saw an opportunity to provide service for the public as well as the dairy industry.
Sam H Greene was the first secretary-manager and F. J. Cummings was the first president of the newly formed California Dairy Council. Greene served as manager of the California Dairy Council for 30 years. Dairy Council’s first order of business upon formation was a statewide survey of school nutrition. California Dairy Council worked with schools and teachers to survey 130,000 school children and found that on average 36% of children in cities did not receive milk on a regular basis. The results of this survey were instrumental in adding milk to the school lunch menu. By 1922, California Dairy Council implemented a school milk service to nearly every major city in the state. By 1950, per capita daily milk consumption increased by nearly 25 percent.
The 1920s and 30’s brought the California Dairy Council’s first big strides in nutrition education, beginning with the “Dairy Product for Health” campaign targeting PTA parents. It was a time when many children had rickets and other nutritional deficiencies. “We gave people something of real value without expecting anything in return,” said Greene of his efforts. “We did this in the firm belief that when facts about our products reached the people in the form of education, we would reap our rewards in increased use of milk and other dairy products.”
The Mobile Dairy Classroom began in the 1930s as a joint venture between the California Dairy Council and Venice, CA dairyman Clarence Michel of Edgemar Farms. Michel would travel weekly to Los Angeles-area schools in a truck built to accommodate a live cow and teach children how milk and dairy foods were produced. After World War II, the Dairy Council teamed with Los Angeles City Schools and hired a professional teacher to increase the program’s educational impact. Ultimately, the program expanded to include 5 trucks and is available throughout most of California.
In 1945, the California Dairy Council was reorganized by the California State Legislature through establishment of the California Dairy Industry Advisory Board. This newly formed board adopted the principles of California Dairy Council and began working closely with the National Dairy Council. Alfred H Ghormley served as the first chairman of the board and Richard Werner was the first manager. The California Dairy Council continued but as a sub-unit of the California Industry Advisory Board.
In 1961, the California Dairy Council (Joe Hart, president) relinquished its name to the California Dairy Industry Advisory Board and the Advisory Board became the Dairy Council of California, giving it a better identification with the educational material used from the National Dairy Council. W. B Woodburn was manager and A.W. Clark was chairman of the board of the newly named Dairy Council of California.
By 1963 the Dairy Council of California had grown to employ 19 staff members in 5 offices. The work of the Dairy Council of California expanded beyond schools to include youth clubs, banks, hospitals, medical conventions, and nursing schools.
In 2009, Dairy Council of California celebrates 90 years of service. In 2007-08 year Dairy Council reached just over 2 million children with classroom programs and Mobile Dairy Classroom; just over 3 million adults in health care settings and parent outreach in schools.
History of Program Development.
Beginning in the 1960s, under the direction of Doug Fisk, Manager, the Dairy Council of California developed comprehensive two-week programs designed to promote behavior change. The Director of Education, Rus Shortridge worked with the well known teacher, Madeline Hunter from UCLA University Elementary School to develop the educational methodology behind the new programs. The Madeline Hunter mastery teaching education methodology became the basis of four new Dairy Council of California programs: Little Ideas for Pre-School Children; Big Ideas Balanced Meals for Second Grade ; Daily Food Choices for Fifth Grade; and Big Ideas for Consumers for high school students.
Current programs with published peer-reviewed evaluations include: Nutrition Pathfinders, Exercise Your Options and, MyFitness Planner.
Programs and Resources.
Dairy Council of California provides free resources to California teachers and qualified health and wellness providers in California. Nutrition lesson plans for each grade level are developed with a behavior-change model and align to Common Core State Standards. Self-instructional booklets are designed for adults to teach them about healthy eating from all five food groups. Free downloads, handouts and healthy recipes are available at HealthyEating.org. In addition, continuing education nutrition resources are offered along with nutrition trends and the latest research. The nutritional properties and health benefits of milk and dairy foods are also outlined.

</doc>
<doc id="20731015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731015" title="Taheebo Extract">
Taheebo Extract

Taheebo Extract can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20731020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731020" title="Natasja Vermeer">
Natasja Vermeer

Natasja Vermeer is a Dutch model and actress. Vermeer is known for having been the star of the series of films "Emmanuelle The Private Collection" Between 2004 and 2006. Natasja is also a songwriter and singer, and personally took charge of recording 2 songs for the Soundtrack of the films. She also appeared in a film called Private Moments in 2005. Natasja is a defender of animal rights and posed naked against the use of fur thus promoting the 2008 campaign of PETA Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20731030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731030" title="Desiring God (album)">
Desiring God (album)

Desiring God is a Contemporary Christian music album released by Steve Camp in 2002. This was a self-released album through his Audience One ministry, and is Steve's final release. Per standard practice on Camp's later albums, this album includes a remake of a song he previously recorded, in this case one of his earliest songs, ""If I Were A Singer"" (from his 1978 debut release), while the song ""Head of a Broken Home"" related to his then-recent divorce. 

</doc>
<doc id="20731066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731066" title="Chingaza Dam">
Chingaza Dam

Chingaza Dam is a large dam in Colombia which supplies water to the capital city of Bogota. The dam, on the Guatiquia River, is in the Chingaza National Park, 55 km northeast of Bogota.
The dam is gravel fill with a concrete face. Behind the dam, Chuza Reservoir holds .
History of conflict.
In January 2002, rebels from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) damaged the dam in an act of terrorism by placing an explosive on a gate valve in one of the dam's tunnels.

</doc>
<doc id="20731079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731079" title="Empress Feng">
Empress Feng

Empress Feng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20731090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731090" title="Integrated data management">
Integrated data management

Integrated data management (IDM) is a tools approach to facilitate data management and improve performance. IDM consists of an integrated, modular environment to manage enterprise application data, and optimize data-driven applications. It manages data over its lifetime, from requirements to retirement.
Purpose.
Produce enterprise-ready applications faster
Consistently achieve service level targets
Support business growth
Facilitate alignment, consistency and governance
Example.
Integrated data management lets you grow your business without growing your infrastructure.
Let’s say you’ve just completed an acquisition, and you need to bring three new manufacturing facilities on board. Application consolidation and retirement is common in this scenario. Data archiving capabilities help to minimize cost and accelerate completion of such scenarios:
Time to market is a critical imperative in today’s environment. IDM helps you produce enterprise-ready applications faster. For example, our pureQuery technology is built to give developers the productivity they need, while helping them adopt best practices for data access. It provides a collaborative environment for developers and DBAs to work together to optimize data access performance, maximize database security, and improve manageability. It makes service enabling vetted database assets as simple as a drag-and-drop gesture. Our test data management capabilities let tester leverage production-like data while safeguarding client privacy and corporate confidentiality. And we help to jump-start development and testing efforts based on accelerators for packaged applications, industry models, and compliance initiatives.
For production systems, the challenge is to meet increasingly strict and challenging service level targets yet still free up staff time for value creation activities. We’re focused on learning more about the environment enabling the tools to automate and simplify operations. And aggregating and contextualizing information across the solution stack so that administrators have the information they need to identify emergent problems, view relevant information about the problem, isolate the problem to its source, and get expert advice on resolution.
And we want to help business and IT work together towards business objectives such that there is a common understanding and transparent and consistent execution across the business. We are building out a capability to define business policies and semantics early in the design cycle and then share them via models and other data artifacts across the lifecycle. We call this idea model-driven governance. Not only will this improve alignment and governance, but also organizational productivity and effectiveness by facilitating seamless collaborate:
From analysts to architects to developers to administrators
From design to delivery to management

</doc>
<doc id="20731091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731091" title="Grindley Brook Halt railway station">
Grindley Brook Halt railway station

Grindley Brook railway halt was a railway halt in the village of Grindley Brook, Shropshire on the Whitchurch and Tattenhall Railway or Chester-Whitchurch Branch Line. Nearby the line crossed the Shropshire Union Canal and the A41. It was open between 1937 and 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20731095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731095" title="Self-embedding">
Self-embedding

Self-embedding is a form of self-injury where foreign objects are inserted underneath the skin, and left either for a limited period of time or permanently.
History.
As early as 1936 the phenomenon was recorded when the child murderer Albert Fish was caught and executed. An X-ray of his pelvis revealed about 27 or 29 needles inserted into his groin; the image was used as evidence at his trial.
In 2008, some teenagers were found in a study to be using this as a more extreme form of self-injury. The trend was first discovered by radiologists.

</doc>
<doc id="20731117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731117" title="Paper Plane (song)">
Paper Plane (song)

"Paper Plane" is a rock song originally by Status Quo released as a single in 1972 (reaching number 8 in the charts) and on their album "Piledriver".
The song was written by Francis Rossi and Bob Young and was one of Status Quo's first successes in their new heavier musical direction.
It has more recently been covered by Persephone's Bees.

</doc>
<doc id="20731129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731129" title="Personal watercraft-related accidents">
Personal watercraft-related accidents

The number of personal watercraft-related accidents has increased with the popularity of personal watercraft (PWC) (also commonly known as jet skis) since their introduction during the late 1960s. The use of the term "jet ski" for all types of PWCs is a misnomer; Jet Ski is a registered trademark in the United States for a line of PWCs manufactured by Kawasaki). With the increased use of personal watercraft since their inception, the hazards accompanying their use have also increased. According to U.S. government reports, most accidents are associated with rental operators, underage operators, under-trained and undereducated boaters and a variety of factors associated with recreational-boating accidents (excessive speed, inattention, reckless operation, alcohol consumption and violations of the "Rules of the Road"). Due to their affordability, ease of use, and relatively low transportation and maintenance costs, personal watercraft have significantly increased the number of water-based enthusiasts in the U.S. This rise in participation has created conflicts between the various boating segments in the U.S. and a need for additional boater education. Recreational-boating accidents are the second-largest transportation-related cause of injury in the U.S. (after automobile accidents).
Background.
Personal watercraft are vessels designed for recreational use on the water, carrying between one and four passengers. The U.S. Coast Guard defines PWC as "craft less than 13 feet in length designed to be operated by a person or persons sitting, standing or kneeling on the craft rather than within the confines of a hull". The original PWCs were manufactured during the late 1960s by Bombardier Recreational Products (BRP) under the name Sea-Doo. BRP left the PWC business shortly thereafter, and in 1973 Kawasaki introduced a "stand-up" watercraft designed for a single operator (with a tray for standing or kneeling, in place of a seat). By the late 1980s "sit-down" models had appeared on the market, allowing the rider to be seated (similar to a snowmobile or motorcycle seat). These sit-down models were made by Kawasaki (1986), Yamaha (1987) and BRP (1988). Polaris and Arctic were two American companies which entered the market during the early 1990s. 
PWC have an inboard engine with a screw-shaped impeller to create thrust and propulsion for steering. They are small, fast, and easy to maneuver; PWCs do not use external propellers, making them safer for swimmers and wildlife. The user-friendly properties of PWCs have contributed to the increase in popularity amongst less-experienced watercraft users. To increase safety, a number of U.S. consumer groups suggested that all boats should utilizethea jet-drive mechanism (also called a pump-jet) employed by PWC manufacturers since this would reduce the risk of propeller injuries.
Accidents.
All boating accidents in the United States either occur on state- or federally-patrolled waters. Whether state or federal, reports must be filed for a predefined level of damage and are compiled by the United States Coast Guard (which uses the reported data for its annual BAR—Boating Accident Report—Statistical Reports). As automotive law-enforcement officers outnumber boating law-enforcement officers in the U.S., federal government reports for watercraft are comparatively fewer. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) conducted general investigation of the recreational-boating accident-reporting system in 1998 and compiled its findings in a published report. The NTSB's investigation emerged with data seen as representative of overall recreational boating; an example follows from the report's conclusion:
Inattention (attributed to 307 operators), inexperience (attributed to 296 operators), and inappropriate speed for the operating conditions (attributed to 246 operators) were the most frequently cited causes that contributed to the PWC accidents. One or more of these three causes were associated with 70 percent of the 814 accidents. A fourth cause, improper lookout (153), was associated with about one-fifth of the accidents.
According to the aforementioned interpretation of the NTSB report: 
A study performed by the Red Cross in 1991 concluded that during the research period, PWC accidents were not disproportionate to their use by the boating population. This was later supported by a Coast Guard study presented to the State of Vermont in 1996. Both studies presented findings that the comparative accident rates for personal water craft were not disproportionate to their use by the boating population; the reports emphasized the high level of attention and publicity that PWC accidents receive.
During the late 1990s, several states (including California and Florida, two jurisdictions which, according to the NTSB report, accounted for over 50 percent of all personal-water-craft accidents in the U.S.) changed their laws regarding the use of personal water craft. These amendments included the introduction of limits for wake-jumping, the prescribed use of a PWC within of another vessel, "spraying" activities, mandated operation of PWCs within of the shoreline, and age restrictions for operators (the operator age was raised from 12 to 16 years for all affected states, with Florida also introducing a mandatory boating-safety course for those under age 18). According to the State of California, these laws have directly contributed to an over-50-percent reduction in accidents.
A notable fatality occurred on July 1, 2012 in Little Sabine Bay (near Pensacola Beach), Florida; retired astronaut Alan Poindexter was killed when the PWC he was riding was rammed by one operated by one of his sons.
Causes.
Reckless driving.
The leading cause of PWC accidents among riders in 2007 was reckless or careless driving. According to the National Transportation Safety Board in the U.S., this accounted for 26.3 percent of all PWCs involved in accidents in 2007. Reckless driving has been defined in the Personal Watercraft Act of 2005 in the U.S. as follows:
Reckless driving is defined differently by state. For example, in Florida reckless driving on a PWC is defined as "maneuvering a personal watercraft by weaving through congested vessel traffic, jumping the wake of another vessel unreasonably close or when visibility around the vessel is obstructed, or swerving at the last possible moment to avoid collision is classified as reckless operation of a vessel".
In U.S. law, the penalties for operating a vessel in a negligent or reckless manner are defined as following:
(a) A person operating a vessel in a negligent manner or interfering with the safe operation of a vessel, so as to endanger the life, limb, or property of a person is liable to the United States Government for a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 in the case of a recreational vessel, or $25,000 in the case of any other vessel.
(b) A person operating a vessel in a grossly negligent manner that endangers the life, limb, or property of a person commits a class A misdemeanor.
Driver inattention.
Because of the increasing popularity of water sports (particularly PWC), the number of vessels in use has increased in the last several decades. According to the U.S. Coast Guard, the number of registered vessels was 8,557,857 in 1980 and 12,875,568 in 2007. This has resulted in more-crowded waterways and increased hazards. Because of the increased congestion caused by the number of vessels, a heightened need for attention and caution is required by operators. In 2007, 17.2 percent of all PWC-related accidents were caused by driver inattention.
Excessive speed.
As the market has grown for PWC manufacturers, vessel power has also increased. Modern PWC engines have more than 250 horsepower and can reach speeds of nearly . Excessive speed accounted for nearly 15 percent of all PWC-related accidents in 2007, according to the U.S. Coast Guard.
Off-throttle steering.
The steering characteristics of jet boats (including personal watercraft) when they are "off throttle" seem to differ from conventional steering. All recreational planing boats steer with thrust. Jet boats (including PWCs) generate that thrust with a moveable nozzle connected to a jet pump; propeller boats generate thrust through a downward-placed, exposed propeller. The fact that the propeller is placed downward in the water and is exposed means that even when it is not generating thrust that some amount of steering effect is possible. Jet boats have no downward projection, and achieve no additional steering effect from the device. If the operator of a jet boat releases the throttle, steering effectiveness decreases roughly in proportion to thrust reduction. The NTSB related an example of an off-throttle steering accident in the personal watercraft safety study of 1998: 
The Florida Marine Patrol accident description states, " was
attempting to make a turn south through a cut in the mangroves . . . . He was not real familiar with operating a jet ski with a passenger. When he attempted to make a left turn he let off the throttle which caused the PWC to lose steering capabilities. The forward momentum of the PWC took and passenger into the mangrove shoreline.
According to the NTSB, 24 percent of reported PWC accidents list steering problems or loss of control as contributing factors; in Florida, it is the second-leading cause of PWC-related accidents. PWC manufacturers have been working to develop a system to prevent off-throttle steering. Modifications have been made to solve this problem in newer PWC models.
Driver inexperience.
Because of the ease of operating a PWC, little training and experience is required to perform basic maneuvers of a PWC. The NTSB reported that 32 percent of operators involved in accidents reported that they had operated a vessel between zero and ten times prior to the accident; 86 never, 75 once and 225 between 2 and 10 times. Of the 712 operators who were asked about training, 84 percent said they had received no training and the other 16 percent participated in some boating training. Regulations concerning training courses and age limits for operators vary by state and by country. In the U.S. the minimum operator age ranges from 12–18 years; young operators may require adult supervision on the vessel and training in accordance with local laws.

</doc>
<doc id="20731132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731132" title="Nicholas Goodhart">
Nicholas Goodhart

Rear Admiral Hilary Charles Nicholas 'Nick' Goodhart CB Legion of Merit FRAeS RN rtd (28 September 1919 – 9 April 2011) was an engineer and aviator who invented the mirror-sight deck landing system for aircraft carriers. He was also a world champion and record breaker in gliding.
Early life.
He was born at Inkpen, Berkshire, the son of a patent engineer. He was educated at Miss White's Kintbury, and Connaught House Weymouth.
Early career.
Goodhart entered the Royal Naval College at Dartmouth in the Hawke Term in 1933. He then attended the Royal Naval Engineering College at Keyham, Devonport. He served as an engineering lieutenant, and saw action in the evacuation of Crete in 1941 on which was hit by two 1,000 lb bombs. He then served on and saw more action escorting convoys to Malta and the assaults on Italy over the next two years.
He undertook pilot training in Canada in 1944 and joined the Fleet Air Arm. While flying in a Grumman Hellcat with 896 Naval Air Squadron from the carrier off the coast of the Nicobar Islands, he ditched because of engine failure on 11 July 1945 and was picked up by the destroyer, .
He graduated from Empire Test Pilots' School at Cranfield in 1946 and later tested the turboprop Westland Wyvern fighter for acceptance by the Royal Navy for use on aircraft carriers. He survived five serious incidents including the implosion of the aircraft's canopy during a high speed dive. He then became senior pilot of 700 Squadron at RNAS Yeovilton before returning to test pilot duties at the Naval Air Station (NAS) Donibristle, Scotland; the Aircraft and Armament Experimental Establishment (A&AEE) at Boscombe Down, Wiltshire; and the US Naval Air Test Center, Maryland, USA. During his military career he flew over 50 types of aircraft.
After a period as technical secretary at the Ministry of Supply he was promoted to commander in 1953.
Carrier developments.
Trials after 1945 by the Royal Navy revealed that the new jet aircraft had slow throttle responses and could not safely use the standard deck landing technique then in use. Even in peacetime carrier operations killed 20% of the aircrew. Goodhart therefore invented the mirror-sight deck landing system in 1951. The device was first introduced in the Royal Navy in 1954 and by the US Navy in 1955. It greatly increased the safety when landing on an aircraft carrier. There was also a saving in arrester gear units and barriers – Ark Royal needed only four wires and one (emergency only) barrier. The reduction in weight and the extra space that this conferred enabled more mess-decks to be fitted in, thus reducing congestion in living spaces. It was recorded that for US carriers, the landing accident rate fell by 80% from 35 per 10,000 landings in 1954 to 7 per 10,000 landings in 1957. The US Navy awarded him the Legion of Merit for his invention and he received an undisclosed sum from the Admiralty.
Later naval career.
After a further spell at Yeovilton, Goodhart was posted to the air warfare department at the Admiralty and then at sea as the staff aviation officer to the flag officer aircraft carriers. He was promoted to Captain in 1962 and made project manager of the Sea Dart anti-aircraft missile programme. After a course at the Imperial Defence College in 1965, he became director of aircraft maintenance and repair in the Admiralty until 1968. He was then promoted to commodore and then rear-admiral and became director of defence operational requirements and finally military deputy to the head of defence sales. He was appointed Companion in The Most Honourable Order of the Bath in 1972 and he retired from the Royal Navy in 1973.
Gliding.
Goodhart joined Yorkshire Gliding Club in 1938, quickly going solo within a week. He was also at various times a member of Cambridge University Gliding Club and Lasham Gliding Society. He began gliding competitively, at first with his brother, Tony, winning the British Team Championship in 1950. In 1955 he climbed to 30,500 ft in USA and became the first British glider pilot to gain the Diamond Badge. Later in 1955 he broke the British National Altitude Record in a Schweizer SGS 1-23 in California climbing to 11,500 m (37,050 feet). He was a member of the British team at the World Championships from 1956 to 1972. In 1956 at Saint-Yan in France, he and Frank Foster won the World Gliding Two Seater Championship in a Slingsby Eagle. The US "Soaring" magazine noted that the only single seater to beat them was the winner, Paul MacCready. He finished in second place in the single seater World Championships in 1958 Leszno, Poland, and fourth in 1960 and 1972. He was British single-seater champion on three occasions (1962, 1967 & 1971), and in second place on four others. He finished first in the American Championships in 1955, though as foreigner could not be the US Champion.
At Lasham on 10 May 1959 he declared a goal of Portmoak in Scotland and achieved a record goal flight of 579.36 km in a Slingsby Skylark 3 at an average speed of . This is still the UK 20 metre goal distance record and the speed record for a goal flight. During his gliding career he held eleven British records.
Goodhart set up the project in 1966 to develop a glider called Sigma to compete in the 1970 World Championship Open class. After problems during production and then with its Fowler flaps, the only prototype flew in 1971. In a modified form the Sigma is still flying.
He was awarded the Silver Medal by the Royal Aero Club in 1956. In 1972 he was award the Paul Tissandier Diploma by the FAI in 1972. This award recognizes "those who have served the cause of Aviation in general and Sporting Aviation in particular, by their work, initiative, devotion or in other ways".
Human-powered flight.
Goodhart's team put in over 3,000 man-hours of effort developing the two seater "Newbury Manflier" project in an effort to win the Kremer prize for man-powered flight. The aircraft's two pilots were seventy feet apart, each in their own fuselage. However the team was beaten by Goodhart's old rival Paul MacCready with the "Gossamer Condor's" flight in 1977 and by the Gossamer Albatross for the first cross-Channel flight in 1979. The project was terminated soon after the first flights had been achieved in 1979 because the hangar and runway at Greenham Common were required for the US Air Force.
Other activities.
He was a consultant to Boeing (1973–1980) during which time the Royal Navy acquired a hydrofoil HMS Speedy and the RAF acquired its first Chinooks. He held directorships including at the Lancashire and Yorkshire Building Society and was a member at Lloyd's where he gained and lost large sums over a period of twenty years.
He was elected Master of the Worshipful Company of Grocers of the City of London. He finished 35th of 350 in the 1951 Monte Carlo Rally. Simon Hoggart is married to his step-daughter and claimed that Goodhart also invented the box junction but was uncredited.
He proposed a method of suppressing hurricanes during their formation. His proposal involved covering 100 km2 of ocean with a reflective material using four aircraft, each with a 2 km wingspan. He was persuaded it would not work, so he switched the concept to putting out forest fires. At the age of 88 he raised funds for a hospice near Exeter by abseiling down Cullompton church.
Goodhart married Lydia Sward in 1957 and Molly Copsey in 1975. He had three step-children: Alyson, Ian and Fiona.

</doc>
<doc id="20731151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731151" title="Phillip E. Areeda">
Phillip E. Areeda

Phillip Elias Areeda (January 28, 1930 – December 24, 1995) was an American lawyer and legal scholar. He was a professor at Harvard Law School and an expert on antitrust law.
Born in Detroit, Michigan of Lebanese ancestry, he received his LL.B. from the Harvard Law School in 1954, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. In July 1956 he was appointed Special Assistant in the White House Office, and on November 13, 1958, he was appointed Assistant Special Counsel to the President. As Assistant Special Counsel, he helped draft and research White House staff studies dealing with economic and legal matters. Areeda continued in these duties until the end of the Eisenhower Administration. In 1961 he accepted a position on the Harvard Law School faculty, and published a book, "Antitrust Analysis", in 1967.
Areeda was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1983. He died of leukemia in 1995 in Cambridge, Massachusetts aged 65. A building at Harvard Law, Areeda Hall, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20731154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731154" title="Studholme (disambiguation)">
Studholme (disambiguation)

Studholme may refer to one of the following

</doc>
<doc id="20731162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731162" title="Picasso and the Ballets Russes">
Picasso and the Ballets Russes

Pablo Picasso and the Ballets Russes collaborated on several productions. Pablo Picasso’s Cubist sets and costumes were used by Diaghiliev in the Ballets Russes's "Parade" (1917, choreography: Massine), "Le Tricorne", otherwise known as "The Three-Cornered Hat" (1919, choreography: Massine), "Pulcinella" (1920, choreographer: Massine), and "Cuadro Flamenco" (1921, choreography: Spanish folk dancers). Picasso also drew a sketch with pen on paper of "La Boutique Fantastique" (1919, choreography: Massine). and designed the drop curtain for "Le Train Bleu (ballet)" (1924, choreography: Nijinska), based on his “Two Women Running along the Beach” (1922).
The idea for the set design of "Parade" came from the decorations at a small vaudeville theater in Rome as well as the décor of the Teatro dei Piccoli, a marionette theater. The original model was crafted in a cardboard box. Picasso realized immediately that he liked using vivid colors for his sets and costumes because they registered so well from the audience. Unfortunately, though, while the sets, costumes and music by Erik Satie were well received by critics, the ballet in general was panned when it first premiered and played for only two performances. When it was revived in 1920, however, Diaghilev said, ""Parade" is my best bottle of wine. I do not like to open it too often." 
Picasso's sets and costumes for the Ballets Russes are now considered symbols of “the progressive art of their time, and have only become more celebrated and better appreciated over the past century.” Nevertheless, according to his biographer, John Richardson, “Picasso’s Cubist followers were horrified that their hero should desert them for the chic, elitist Ballets Russes.“ It was the onset of WWI that prompted him to leave Paris and live in Rome, where the Ballets Russes rehearsed. He also was recovering from two failed love affairs at this time. Soon after he arrived in Rome, however, he met ballerina Olga Khokhlova, and married her in 1918. He remained married to her until her death in 1955, although they separated by the late 1920s. He also became friends with Massine while in Rome; they were both interested in Spanish themes, women, and modern art. Picasso also became friends with Stravinsky during this time, though he found Diaghilev to be possessive and did not become close with him. Picasso was even quoted as saying that he "felt a desperate need to travel back to the land of human beings" after spending time with Diaghilev. Diaghilev, however, valued Picasso's work and the drop curtain he created for "Le Train Bleu" - the painting of which was completed not by Picasso, but by Prince Alexander Schervashidze - was deemed so impressive that Diaghilev used it as the logo for the Ballets Russes.
The writer Jean Cocteau, who introduced Picasso to Diaghilev, wrote the scenario for "Parade", and was Picasso’s neighbor in Rome said, “Picasso amazes me every day, to live near him is a lesson in nobility and hard work…A badly drawn figure of Picasso is the result of endless well-drawn figures he erases, corrects, covers over, and which serves him as a foundation. In opposition to all schools he seems to end his work with a sketch.” Additionally, Guillaume Apollinaire, who wrote the program notes for "Parade", described Picasso’s designs as “a kind of surrealism” (une sorte de surréalisme) three years before Surrealism developed as an art movement in Paris.
Other Theater Work
In 1924, Picasso designed the sets and costumes for Massine’s "Mercure", which was produced not by Diaghilev, but by Comte Étienne de Beaumont with music by Satie. Picasso did not design for the theater again until 1946, when he did the curtain design for Roland Petit's "Le Rendez-vous" at the Ballets des Champs-Élysées.

</doc>
<doc id="20731185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731185" title="Finn Bridge">
Finn Bridge

Finn Bridge is a bridge built in the 1860s that lies across the River Finn (not to be confused with the River Finn in County Donegal) between County Monaghan in the Republic of Ireland (close to the village of Scotshouse) and County Fermanagh in Northern Ireland.
Finn Bridge is a border crossing between the Republic and the North. It was used by Gardaí, RUC and also the Irish and British armies during "The Troubles". The bridge was closed to vehicles by the British Army by fixing concrete pillars onto the middle of it. This was intended to prevent the IRA from moving easily between the two areas. The only way across was by walking through the gaps between the pillars. Since the Northern Ireland peace process, the bridge has been reopened to vehicular traffic. As of the 11th of January the bridge has been closed due to a small subsidence on the Northern side of the bridge, work is due to take place soon.

</doc>
<doc id="20731205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731205" title="Shevchuk">
Shevchuk

Shevchuk () is a widespread Ukrainian surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20731222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731222" title="Michigan School of Professional Psychology">
Michigan School of Professional Psychology

Michigan School of Professional Psychology (MiSPP) is an independent graduate school located in Farmington Hills, Michigan. The Master of Arts in clinical psychology is offered in a one year full-time, or a two to three year part-time format. The Doctor of Clinical Psychology degree is a full-time, minimum four-year, post-masters program.
Mission.
The mission of the Michigan School of Professional Psychology (MiSPP) is to educate and train individuals to become reflective practitioner-scholars with the competencies necessary to serve diverse populations as professional psychologists and psychotherapists.
Values.
The Michigan School of Professional Psychology (MiSPP) is a unique school that emphasizes personal growth, authenticity and creativity as integral parts of the academic process.
MiSPP offers an educational climate that values personal choice, self-determination, and free-will, important components of human potential addressed by the humanistic model of psychotherapy. Maintaining its emphasis on a small interactive learning environment, MiSPP recognizes individualized attention for each student as a priority. MiSPP encourages personally relevant clinical research and cultivates purposeful connections through social action and outreach efforts. MiSPP strives to create a diverse community of teaching and learning and a sense of community that is foundational to enhancing cooperative and collaborative relationships.
While preserving its legacy of humanistic and existential roots, MiSPP integrates contemporary theories and practices to promote quality education of competent practitioner-scholars. MiSPP searches for opportunities to contribute to the well-being of individuals and society through its leadership in humanistic and clinical psychology and the advancement of qualitative research.
Vision.
The Michigan School of Professional Psychology strives to be an international leader in graduate education, to embody the core tenets of humanistic-existential theory, research and practice, and to prepare students for diverse careers in psychology.
Accreditation.
The Michigan School of Professional Psychology is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North. It is also approved by the State of Michigan Board of Education to grant graduate degrees in clinical psychology and is an associate member of the National Council of Schools and Programs of Professional Psychology.
Campus.
Housed on a wooded, four-acre campus in Farmington Hills, Michigan, MiSPP was created specifically to generate a learning climate that reflects the school's mission and its emphasis on growth and potential. The carefully designed facilities offer open and welcoming surroundings that foster intimate, collaborative education. The campus includes the Moustakas Johnson Library, Wilkinson Research Center, Joan S. Snyder Clinical Lab, a spacious atrium for gathering, and many spaces for reflection, such as the Diane Sklar Blau Sculpture Garden.
Students.
MA students enter the program with academic preparation in psychology - many also have related work experience. PsyD students enter the program with a graduate degree and have a background of study in psychology or related field. MiSPP graduate students seek to become practicing clinicians committed to the humanistic principles and values of psychology.
Student Profile.
Students for Fall 2011:
The Faculty.
The faculty at MiSPP are committed to professional practice and their role as instructors. Most faculty maintain private practices and other professional activities that serve to enhance the classroom experience. All faculty hold doctoral degrees. With a commitment to scholarship, faculty are engaged in professional organizations, conduct research, publish in psychological journals and books, present seminars and trainings, and contribute to the growth and mentoring of individuals entering the profession.
Areas of faculty expertise include:
Historical Timeline.
1949
Dr. Clark Moustakas joins the faculty at the Merrill-Palmer Institute (MPI) in Detroit, Mich.
1953
First book by Moustakas "Children in Play Therapy", New York: McGraw-Hill. Children in Play Therapy, emphasizes the relationship as central in effective therapy.
1956
Publication of The Self is the impetus for the original dialogues between Abraham Maslow, Carl Rogers, Clark Moustakas and others, forging the Humanistic Psychology movement. Meetings were held at 40 E. Ferry Ave. in Detroit, later to become the first home of the Center for Humanistic Studies (CHS).
1961
"Loneliness" by Moustakas is released, to public acclaim. Book becomes the basis of heuristic research.
1962
Moustakas participates in the formation of the American Association of Humanistic Psychology and the creation of the Journal of Humanistic Psychology.
1970-1971
Enhancing Human Potential (EHP) Certification is established by Clark Moustakas and Cereta Perry.
1978
The first degree program, MA in Humanistic and Clinical Psychology, is launched at MPI.
1979
MPI announces it will close due to bankruptcy.
1980-1981
Clark Moustakas, Cereta Perry, Diane Blau and Bruce Douglass commit to keep the psychology programs alive. The Center for Humanistic Studies (CHS) establishes its independence from the Merrill-Palmer Institute. CHS is awarded the degree-granting charter of MPI.
1981-1982
With the aid of dedicated students, CHS moves into 40 E. Ferry Ave. in Detroit. Candidacy for accreditation with the North Central Association (NCA) is granted. EHP Certification evolves into a Specialist Degree (PsyS) and graduates its first class.
1984
Full accreditation is received from NCA.
1989
Moustakas is instrumental in starting the Consortium of Diversified Psychology Programs (CDPP). He advocates nationally and internationally for licensing of CHS and other students of alternative programs of education and training.
1990-1994
Publication of Heuristic Research: Design, Methodology and Applications and Phenomenological Research Methods impact the field of qualitative research.
1997
Relationship Play Therapy is printed and marks 50 years of theory and application in child therapy.
1998
President-elect, Dr. Kerry Moustakas becomes CHS President.
2000
The Higher Learning Commission/North Central Association of Colleges and Schools extends CHS accreditation for a Doctoral Program (PsyD) in Humanistic and Clinical Psychology.
2001-2003
Land is purchased and a new campus is built in Farmington Hills, Mich.
2004
Clark and Kerry Moustakas publish Loneliness, Creativity and Love: Awakening Meanings in Life.
2005
The Moustakas Johnson Library Dedication is held which includes the naming of the Wilkinson Research Center and the Joan S. Snyder Clinical Lab.
2006
CHS celebrates its rich history on its 25th Anniversary and the dedication of its new name: Michigan School of Professional Psychology (MiSPP).
2006 
President’s Circle established for lead donors. Members of the President’s Circle join the President at the first annual reception to honor lead donors and highlight student scholarship recipients.
MiSPP receives re-accreditation from North Central Association: next visit required in 2016-2017
2007
1st Annual MiSPP and Council for Asian Pacific Americans Partnership Event
MiSPP receives 1st grant from the Max M and Marjorie S. Fisher Support Foundation
A co-sponsor of the 1st Annual APA – Division 32 National Conference: “Humanistic
Psychotherapies for the 21st Century,” San Francisco, CA
2008
10 Year Anniversary of Kerry Moustakas Presidency
2010
Clark Moustakas receives Award for Distinguished Lifetime Contributions in Humanistic
Psychology from the Society of Humanistic psychology – Division 32 at the 118th APA Conference in San Diego, CA
First Honorary Doctorate Degree awarded to State Senator Gilda Z. Jacobs for her contribution to Professional Psychology in Michigan
MiSPP Professor Emerita and Co-Founder, Cereta E. Perry died. The
Cereta Perry Alumni Scholarship was created in her memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20731231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731231" title="United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2010">
United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Louisiana was held on November 2, 2010. Republican incumbent U.S. Senator David Vitter won re-election to a second term.
Background.
Vitter faced a potentially serious challenge in the Republican primary as well as the general election. Lieutenant General Russel L. Honoré, who is best known for serving as commander of Joint Task Force Katrina responsible for coordinating military relief efforts for Hurricane Katrina-affected areas across the Gulf Coast was allegedly mulling over whether or not to challenge Vitter in the Republican Primary. Tony Perkins, a former Louisiana state representative and current president of the socially conservative Family Research Council, acknowledged interest in running against Vitter because of the prostitution scandal. Nonetheless, Perkins decided not to run; Perkins endorses Vitter for reelection.
Some speculated that Vitter's reelection might have become complicated, by the prostitution scandal revealed in 2007, but he continued to lead in aggregate polling against potential opponents.
Following a movement to draft him into the race, John Cooksey, a former U.S. Representative, appeared poised to put together a challenge, planning on spending $200,000 of his own money. Cooksey, however, pulled back and did not qualify.
A campaign to draft porn actress Stormy Daniels began in early 2009. She considered whether to run but ultimately declined to qualify.
On August 27, 2009, Congressman Charlie Melançon announced his intentions to run for Senate in 2010. Melançon, who has been representing Louisiana's 3rd Congressional District since 2005, released the announcement to his supporters, saying that "Louisiana needs a different approach, more bi-partisan, more disciplined, more honest and with a whole lot more common sense." Melancon has been a leader of the Blue Dog Coalition, a group of fiscally conservative Democrats who aim to lower the deficit and reform the budget.
In the weeks before the election a major concern for Vitter's camp was possibly voter apathy about the race. For example, publisher Rolfe H. McCollister Jr., in his "Greater Baton Rouge Business Report", endorsed fellow Republican Jay Dardenne over Democrat Caroline Fayard in the simultaneous race for lieutenant governor of Louisiana, but then explicitly made "no endorsement" for U.S. Senate:
General election.
Campaign.
Melançon has heavily criticized Vitter for prostitution sex scandal. Vitter has released television advertising criticizing Melancon for his support for Obama's stimulus package and his support for amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Debates.
Melancon claimed “In August, Melancon challenged Vitter to a series of five live, televised town hall-style debates across the state. In his 2004 campaign for Senate, Vitter committed to five live, televised debates. Since Melancon issued the challenge, Vitter and Melancon have been invited to a total of seven live, televised debates. Vitter has only accepted invitations to debates hosted by WWL-TV and WDSU-TV, both in New Orleans.”

</doc>
<doc id="20731238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731238" title="Ikki Twins">
Ikki Twins

Erica "Rikki" Mongeon and Victoria "Vikki" Mongeon (born February 18, 1981) better known by the stage name the Ikki Twins are identical twin models, and television personalities. They are best known as the stars of the MTV reality dating show "A Double Shot at Love".
Career.
Modeling.
The twins started their career working as waitresses at a local Hooters restaurant, and were featured in Hooters calendars. They gained recognition when they were asked to model on a motorcycle website. The twins have appeared in several magazines, including "Import Tuner", "Performance Auto and Sound", "Fast and Sexy", and "Playboy". They have also modeled for calendars including Umbrella Girls USA, Sexy Corvettes, and Playboy's Leather Catalog. They have worked as a runway models for Playboy, as well as Playboy Cyber Girls, and have won the title of "Super Cyber Girl". Import Tuner voted the twins two of the top 25 Hottest Girls of All Time.
Television.
The twins starred in the reality television spin-off of "A Shot at Love With Tila Tequila", called "A Double Shot at Love". The show featured 12 men and 12 women seeking the affections of the twins. The twins have served as co-hosts for Steve Harvey's "Big Time Television Show" and Criss Angel's television show.
Personal life.
The twins were born in Greensburg, Pennsylvania and lived in nine different states before eventually residing in San Diego, California. They have both stated that they are bisexual, Rikki discovered it first and did not mention it until Vikki later discovered she was.
On March 2, 2010, Rikki was put in a medically induced coma after emergency surgery when doctors found blood on her brain following a car accident when they were clipped by a semitruck in Bakersfield, California. On March 6, she was released from her coma.

</doc>
<doc id="20731254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731254" title="Mammoth Resource Partners">
Mammoth Resource Partners

Mammoth Resource Partners, incorporated, is a private company specializing in oil and natural gas exploration in the Appalachian Basin of the United States. Mammoth Resource Partners, Inc. is majority owned by chief executive officer and founder Dr. Roger L. Cory. Dr. Cory is assisted in the day-to-day management of the company by president and chief operating officer Daniel R. Northcutt. Its litigation problems began almost immediately with the following agreed order. http://www.kfi.ky.gov/NR/rdonlyres/09ABA024-3E25-425D-8E11-E760366DE630/0/EAMammothNewInj41707.pdf these legal issues continued with various private settlements and included an ongoing federal trial found at http://dockets.justia.com/docket/kentucky/kywdce/1:2007cv00168/63026/ alleging various securities violations and fraud.
Company information.
Since inception, Mammoth Resource Partners has completed 73 wells for oil and natural gas. Of the last 40 consecutive drillings, Mammoth Resource Partners has struck producible hydrocarbons in all wells. While Mammoth explored for oil in its first years, today the company focuses almost exclusively on exploration of natural gas. 
The company employs approximately 30 men and women at its headquarters and field services offices. Mammoth Resource Partners owns or controls the mineral rights to over of Appalachian Basin property and is quickly becoming one of the region’s top natural gas producers.
Headquarters.
Mammoth Resource Partners is headquartered in Cave City, Kentucky, which provides relatively close proximity to its of lease and land holdings in the Appalachian Basin. Mammoth also has a field services location in Burkesville, KY.
Timeline.
• Mammoth Resource Partners, Inc. incorporated in April 2004
• Mammoth Premier released May, 2004
• Mammoth Discovery released July, 2004
• Mammoth Reveal released December, 2004
• Mammoth Reserve released March, 2005
• Mammoth Opportunity released July, 2005
• Mammoth Prosperity released October, 2005
• Mammoth Advantage released September, 2005
• Mammoth Conversion begins production April, 2006
• Mammoth Exclusive begins production February, 2007
• Mammoth Vista begins production April, 2007
• Mammoth Succession begins production May, 2007
• Mammoth Progression begins production February, 2008
• Chimney Rock project begins production March, 2008
Environmental policies and procedures.
Mammoth Resource Partners’ commitment to environmental safety is expressed through its field policies, which are designed to minimize its environmental impact.
Business ethics.
Mammoth Resource Partners built its business model around the concept of corporate transparency. Partners in Mammoth projects are given access to a proprietary Partner Communication Systems, which informs them of their project’s progress and production in near real time. The Internet data delivery is coupled with monthly letters written by Mammoth President Dr. Roger L. Cory to each Partner reporting that month’s project activity in detail.

</doc>
<doc id="20731265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731265" title="Nxtcomm">
Nxtcomm

NXTcomm is a company created after the joining of the Telecommunications Industry Associate (TIA) and the United States Telecom Association (USTelecom) in 2006.
Events.
McCormick Place.
The first NXTcomm event was held in June 2007 at McCormick Place in Chicago, Illinois. The event had 15,273 attendees from June 18 to June 21, with nearly 450 analysts covering the show.
NXTcomm08.
NXTcomm08 was held from June 16 to June 19 at the Las Vegas Convention Center

</doc>
<doc id="20731281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731281" title="Outokumpu Nirosta">
Outokumpu Nirosta

Outokumpu Nirosta is a business segment of Outokumpu, headquartered in Krefeld, Germany. It produces flats of stainless steel. Formerly, it was named ThyssenKrupp Nirosta and part of ThyssenKrupp AG.

</doc>
<doc id="20731284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731284" title="Unimedia.md">
Unimedia.md

UNIMEDIA.INFO is a Moldovan news site. It was founded in 2007 by Tudor Darie, Dumitru Ciorici, Vasile Galuşca and Sergiu Găluşca. As of March 2013, they claim to have 120,500 daily visits and 500,000 daily page views. Radio Free Europe has described it as "a largely pro-opposition media outlet."
UNIMEDIA was integrated to New Media Group in January 2008. After, in January 2010, UNIMEDIA was transferred to Interact Media.
Political pressure.
In April 2008, UNIMEDIA was summoned to surrender the IP addresses of commentators to the authorities. Unimedia refused, arguing that IP addresses were only stored for a period of 10 days. June 2008 saw reports of NGO protests against what was called the unjustified seizure of computer equipment. In the run-up to July 2009 elections, it was reported that Unimedia and its parent company had been issued warnings by Moldovan authorities regarding visitor messages that were alleged to be a "call to violence and mass disorder, a call to removal and change of the constitutional system," as reported by Oliver Vujović of the South East Europe Media Organisation in the Bulgarian newspaper "The Sofia Echo".

</doc>
<doc id="20731307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731307" title="Dahongliutan">
Dahongliutan

Dahongliutan () is a village and valley in Hotan County in the Xinjiang region of China. It is located near Xinjiang's border with the Tibet Autonomous Region.

</doc>
<doc id="20731324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731324" title="Frontier High School (Alaska)">
Frontier High School (Alaska)

Frontier High School is a private school in Fairbanks, Alaska. In 2008 there were eight students and one main teacher, Jeff Wagner. Wagner teaches everything other than math and science.
Curriculum.
The Headmaster and main teacher is Jeff Wagner. He teaches most subjects other than Science and Math; Government, Art, American History, Geography, and English's 1, 2, 3, and 4 are examples of the core classes he teaches. In addition to these main subjects, Jeff (and any other current teachers) teaches one or two different Elective classes according to what a majority of the students are interested in learning.
Math and science courses are currently organized through Delta Cyber School, as the school has had trouble finding a teacher in those courses willing to work for less than they would be paid in a public school.
Extracurricular activities.
Though not an elective or choice, per se, Frontier High School owns and operates a small newspaper known as Top Class Printing and Publishing. The students operate all aspects of the business, including printing the paper and talking to customers. Prior to 2009, the students also conducted the lay-out of the paper and then printed it - but with the acquisition of Polar Run Printing, the employees of that company now conduct that portion of the paper. The students, however, remain the ones who fold and 'stuff' the papers, in a process that involves folding each paper individually and then inserting any extra pages that may have resulted from a busy week.

</doc>
<doc id="20731327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731327" title="Hugh Hunt">
Hugh Hunt

Hugh Hunt (8 March 1902 – 1 September 1988) was an American set decorator. He won two Academy Awards and was nominated for eleven more in the category Best Art Direction.
Selected filmography.
Hunt won two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for eleven more:

</doc>
<doc id="20731328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731328" title="Mike Simms">
Mike Simms

Michael Howard Simms is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of nine seasons in the majors between and . Six of those seasons (1990–92 and 1994–96) were spent with the Houston Astros, and three (1997–99) with the Texas Rangers.
Simms was drafted out of Esperanza High School in Anaheim, California by the Astros in 1985. Most of his career highs were set in for the Rangers, when he batted .296 with 16 home runs and 46 RBI in just 186 at bats. Despite his performance, he played just four games with Texas in 1999 and none in the majors thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="20731352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731352" title="Lead climbing injuries">
Lead climbing injuries

The sport of rock climbing offers great opportunity for exciting recreation, but it is a sport of extremes. It offers the exhilarating experience to push beyond human capacity and conquer the rock; however, sometimes fear inhibits the exhilaration. The greatest potential for injury occurs when a lead climber falls. Several published studies researched climbing injuries, especially lead climbing injuries and how to avoid them. The results are surprising: chances of neck and head injuries are very low and they can be avoided by falling correctly.
Injuries from falling.
Lead falls are dangerous because the climber can fall twice the length of the rope between him and his last piece of protection. Thus, a climber who is 5 feet above his protection will fall 10 feet. The fall can produce significant force on his midsection, where the climbing rope is tied to his harness. Injuries from falling come in many forms. They range from mild skin abrasions to death. As rock climbing has become more popular, several studies have been published documenting the frequency and severity of injuries sustained by rock climbers in various circumstances. Each study provides slightly different information due to the differences in methods in obtaining data. One problem with all of the studies is that injuries are not always reported; therefore, it is difficult to determine how many climbers were actually injured because there is no way to determine how many climbers climbed in the given areas during the times the studies were conducted.
A Prospective Study of Rock Climbing Injuries.
"A Prospective Study of Rock Climbing Injuries", a study performed by Jonathon P. Wyatt, Gordon W. McNaughton, and Patrick T. Grant, registrars and consultants at the Accident and Emergency Department of the Glasgow Royal Infirmary surveyed patients from 1992-93 who checked in with climbing related injuries. While this study greatly lacked subjects, percentages of injuries to various body parts are consistent with studies which reported more injuries. According to patients, 18 of 19 climbing-related injuries were directly caused by climbing falls. No distinction was made whether the falls were lead falls or not, but 15 climbers fell from the rock face to the ground, implying these were lead falls. Twelve of the 19 injures sustained were bone fractures, including feet, shins, pelvis and lower back. The remaining seven were soft tissue injuries (ankle, knee, and ligaments). Ten injuries were to the lower extremities (legs and pelvic areas). These included three ankle injuries, three fractures of bones in the calf (tibia and fibula), and two lumbar spine fractures. Most importantly, none of the injuries were neck injuries.
Falling correctly.
Breaking one’s neck can be avoided if a climber learns how to fall correctly. Volker Schöffl and Tomas Küpper of Germany reviewed many reports of injuries caused by climbers who grabbed something as they fell. They analyzed the information and determined the best way to fall.
They found that climbers who grabbed the ascending rope occasionally sustained skin damage (from rope burns) on their hands, became caught in the last piece of protection, unclipped the belay point causing longer and more dangerous falls, and became tangled in the rope. They also found that climbers who grab their ropes above the tying knot might have their fingers amputated by the rope constricting around them. The authors also mention it is detrimental to grab pieces of protection as a climber falls because such piece could impale the climber's hand.
While these injuries happen, the authors imply they did not happen often. However, if a person climbed 3-4 days a week, he could likely take 1000 lead falls a year. With that in mind, Schöffl and Küpper suggest climbers should fall with their hands up and slightly forward and with feet down and slightly forward as well. They explain that this method of falling would allow the climber to make contact with the wall with limbs that can absorb force, rather than with other less-absorbent parts of the body. After impact, Schöffl and Küpper instruct the climber to grab the rope (it is completely stretched out and unable to cause injury) in order to refrain from tipping upside down. This method of falling will eliminate injuries caused by prematurely grabbing the rope or other pieces of protection, as well as virtually eliminating neck injuries.
Rock climbing injuries in Yosemite National Park.
In a 3½-year study performed in Yosemite National Park, California, William S. Bowie, Thomas K. Hunt, and Hubert A. Allen reviewed 451 injuries reported by 220 climbers. These injuries came from a variety of sources, but 144 climbers were injured in lead falls (65.45%).
Research was compiled as climbers were brought to the Yosemite Medical Clinic or were rescued by United States National Park Search and Rescue team. All injured climbers filled out a survey of their injuries. Nearly 227 of the 451 injuries reported were to the skin or subcutaneous tissue (the layer of fat between skin and underlying tissues). Of the remaining injuries, 127 were to lower extremities including femur, knee, tibia/fibula, ankle, and foot. Twenty-nine were to upper extremities including shoulder, forearm, wrist, and hand. Twenty-five injuries were reported to the skull/brain. Of the remaining injuries, ten were sustained by face and neck area.
This study also showed that falls are not the cause of injury; it depends on how the climber lands after the falls. The contact surface and shape determines the severity and type of his injuries. For example, in one case of injury a woman fell 100 feet and only suffered a small laceration and minimal contusions. This is attributed to the fact that she hit no rocks during her fall and the rope decelerated her elastically. Conversely, in another case, a climber fell only 6 feet but hit a sharp ledge and suffered a compound fracture of his femur. In a third case, a climber fell 20 feet but hit the ground and suffered a concussion, rib fractures, and dislocated ankle. Thus, injury severity is likely and more determined by the shape of the rock hit, the angle of impact, and which body surface hit the rock, as opposed to the length of the fall.
This study importantly points out there were a total of thirty-five head and neck-related injuries. Only four injuries related to lead climbing were fatal—all of these were head injuries. However, only 7% of total injuries reported were head injuries. Thus, it is unlikely a climber will break his neck when climbing.
Conclusion.
Each of the studies discussed the effects of falling, and "How Should a Climber Fall?" also taught the best way to fall especially to avoid head and neck injuries. The Yosemite study points out that injury usually is not related to the distance of the fall nor the frequency of falls: it depends more on the rock surface the climber hits. In reviewing these studies of climbing injuries, and focusing mainly on lead climbing injuries, it is apparent that few major injuries are ever sustained. Minor injuries will happen, but not every fall guarantees an injury. All studies considered, the chance of major injury is relatively slim, potential injuries to the head and neck are more slim, and minor injuries, though more common, seem to be infrequent as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20731369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731369" title="Philip Arnow">
Philip Arnow

Philip Arnow worked in the Department of Labor during Dwight D. Eisenhower's presidential administration. From 1951-1957 he served as the Associate Director of the Office of International Labor Affairs; and as the Assistant Commissioner of the Publications and Program Planning in the Bureau of Labor Statistics from 1957-1963. He then served as the Executive Director of the Presidential Railroad Commission from 1961-1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20731382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731382" title="Hans Schabschneider">
Hans Schabschneider

Hans Schabschneider was a Hauptscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Hans Schabschneider was awarded the Knight's Cross on the 27 August 1944, at the time he was in charge of the munitions of the 4th Battery, 2nd SS Artillery Regiment, "Das Reich".
When fighting started at Coutances he formed a company of mixed Army and Waffen SS men that had lost their units, committed them to an assault on the American line capturing 12 trucks and 120 American prisoners of war.

</doc>
<doc id="20731434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731434" title="Glossop Castle">
Glossop Castle

Glossop Castle (also known as Mouselow Castle) is a Norman earthwork north of Glossop, off "Hilltop Road", east of Manchester, on the A57. The site is visible from the main road, standing atop a commanding ridge. Some southeast is Peveril Castle.
History.
The Castle is a Norman earthwork motte-and-bailey fortress, founded by William Peverel. The Norman castle sits on an old Celtic hilltop site, possibly a hillfort. The earthworks have been damaged by quarrying and the position of the bailey has been lost.

</doc>
<doc id="20731486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731486" title="Aaron Marcus">
Aaron Marcus

Aaron Marcus (born 22 May 1943) is an American user-interface and information-visualization designer, as well as a computer graphics artist.
Biography.
Marcus was always interested in both science and technology as well as visual communication. He grew up in Omaha, Nebraska, in the 1950s, he was interested in astronomy and paleontology, and drawing cartoons. He learned painting, and calligraphy. In secondary school, he studied science and art, and was editor of his high-school newspaper.
He obtained his BA in Physics at Princeton University in 1965. 
He obtained his BFA and MFA in 1968 at Yale University’s School of Art and Architecture.
He learned about painting, drawing, printmaking, and letterpress printing workshops informally, photography, and art history. He also learned about book design, calligraphy, color, graphic design, drawing, film making, printing, printmaking, painting, typography, and photography.
At Yale, while a design graduate student, he also began the study of computer graphics, taking a course in basic functioning of computers, and he learned FORTRAN programming at the Yale Computer Center in the summer of 1966.
Work.
In 1967, Marcus spent a summer making ASCII art as a researcher at AT&T’s Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey.
From 1968 to 1977, in the School of Architecture and Urban Planning and in the Visual Arts Program, he taught at Princeton University: color, computer art, computer graphics, concrete/visual poetry, environmental graphics, exhibit design, graphic design, history/philosophy of design/visual communication, information design, information visualization, layout, publication design, systematic design, semiotics/semiologie, typography, and visual design.
In 1969-71, he programmed a prototype desktop publishing page-layout application for AT&T Bell Labs.
In 1971-73, he claims to have programmed some of the first virtual reality art/design spaces ever created while a faculty member at Princeton University.
In the early 1980s, he was a Staff Scientist at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in Berkeley, as well as a faculty member of the University of California at Berkeley’s College of Environmental Design.
In 1982, he founded Aaron Marcus and Associates, Inc. (AM+A), a user-interface design and consulting company, one of the first such independent, computer-based design firms in the world.
Articles and Papers.
Mr. Marcus has written over 250 articles, some of which have been published in trade journals. A selection of his published papers follows:
Books.
Mr. Marcus has written/co-written six books. Here is a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="20731495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731495" title="Lyonium ion">
Lyonium ion

In chemistry, a lyonium ion is the cation derived by the protonation of a solvent molecule. For example a hydronium ion is formed from the protonation of water and CH3OH2+ is the cation formed by the protonation of methanol. See also lyate ion which is the anion formed by the deprotonation of a solvent molecule.

</doc>
<doc id="20731515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731515" title="Central governor">
Central governor

The central governor is a proposed process in the brain that regulates exercise in regard to a neurally calculated safe exertion by the body. In particular, physical activity is controlled so that its intensity cannot threaten the body’s homeostasis by causing anoxic damage to the heart muscle. The central governor limits exercise by reducing the neural recruitment of muscle fibers. This reduced recruitment causes the sensation of fatigue. The existence of a central governor was suggested to explain fatigue after prolonged strenuous exercise in long-distance running and other endurance sports, but its ideas could also apply to other causes of exertion-induced fatigue. 
The existence of a central governor was proposed by Tim Noakes in 1997, but a similar idea was suggested in 1924 by Archibald Hill. 
In contrast to this idea is the one that fatigue is due to peripheral ‘limitation’ or ‘catastrophe’. In this view, regulation by fatigue occurs as a consequence of a failure of homeostasis directly in muscles.
Hill.
The 1922 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine winner Archibald Hill proposed in 1924 that the heart was protected from anoxia in strenuous exercise by the existence of a governor. 
we suggest that, in the body (either in the heart muscle itself or in the nervous system), there is some mechanism which causes a slowing of the circulation as soon as a serious degree of unsaturation occurs, and "vice versa". This mechanism would tend, to some degree, to act as a ‘governor’, maintaining a reasonably high degree of saturation of the blood: the breathing of a gas mixture rich in oxygen would produce a greater degree of saturation of the blood and so allow the output to increase until the ‘governor’ stopped it again. We realise the danger of a hypothesis partly suggested by teleological reasoning: in this case, however, we can see no other explanation of our experimental results pp. 161-163 
This hypothesis was disregarded and further research upon exercise fatigue was modeled in terms of it being due to a mechanical failure of the exercising muscles ("peripheral muscle fatigue"). This failure was caused either by an inadequate oxygen supply to the exercising muscles, lactic acid buildup, or total energy depletion in the exhausted muscles.
Noakes.
Tim Noakes, a professor of exercise and sports science at the University of Cape Town, in 1997 has renewed Hill’s argument on the basis of modern research. 
In his approach, the power output by muscles during exercise is continuously adjusted in regard to calculations made by the brain in regard to a safe level of exertion. These neural calculations factor in earlier experience with strenuous exercise, the planning duration of the exercise, and the present metabolic state of the body. These brain models ensure that body homeostasis is protected, and an emergency reserve margin is maintained. This neural control adjusts the number of activated skeletal muscle motor units, a control which is subjectively experienced as fatigue. This process, though occurring in the brain, is outside personal control. 
as exercise performance is centrally regulated by the CNS, then fatigue should no longer be considered a physical event but rather a sensation or emotion, separate from an overt physical manifestation—for example, the reduction in force output by the active muscles. Rather we now suggest that the physical manifestation of any increasing perception of fatigue may simply be an alteration in the subconsciously regulated pace at which the exercise is performed. Hence the novel suggestion is that the conventional understanding of fatigue is flawed because it makes no distinction between the sensation itself and the physical expression of that sensation which, we suggest, is the alteration in the subconsciously regulated pacing strategy consequent on changing motor unit recruitment/derecruitment by the CNS. 
Other areas.
Noakes created the idea of the central governor in the context of prolonged endurance running. However, he has noted that the central processes involved might also underlie the existence of other kinds of fatigue:
In support of this, placebos (which must be mediated by a central process) have a powerful effect upon not only fatigue in prolonged exercise, but also upon short term endurance exercise such as sprint speed, the maximum weight that could be lifted with leg extension, and the tolerance of ischemic pain and power when a tourniqueted hand squeezes a spring exerciser 12 times.
Criticisms.
The existence of a central governor over physiology has been questioned since ‘physiological catastrophes’ can and do occur in athletes (important examples in marathons have been Dorando Pietri, Jim Peters and Gabriela Andersen-Schiess). This suggests that humans can over-ride ‘the central governor’. Moreover, a variety of peripheral factors in addition to those such as lactic acid build up can impair muscle power and might act to protect against "catastrophe". Another objection is that models incorporating conscious control also provide an alternative explanation, but also see Noakes’ reply.
Exercise fatigue has also been attributed to the direct effects of exercise upon the brain such as increased cerebral levels of serotonin, reduced level of glutamate secondary to uptake of ammonia in the brain, brain hyperthermia, and glycogen depletion in brain cells.
Moreover, the idea that exercise can cause hypoxia at the heart in the absence of arterial disease is questionable as the heart delivers freshly oxygenated blood to its own cells from the coronary arteries, which are the first branches of the aorta. Other factors exist that could in a self-limiting way limit oxygen uptake. For example, as more accessory muscles of respiration are recruited, (as occurs at near maximal values of VO2), the energy cost of increasing rib cage expansion is nearly equal to that gained by the oxygen obtained from doing so. Indeed, the Fick equation (see VO2 max) itself includes terms of limitation: Q (cardiac output) is determined by stroke volume and heart rate. Stroke volume has a natural, physically limited upper bound (the heart obviously has a maximal volume, and is restricted by surrounding structures such as the pericardium), while heart rate is limited by the ability rate at which cardiac cells can maintain rhythmicity. There are also natural limits to the rate at which oxygen can diffuse from the blood to the tissues, i.e. gas exchange is itself a limiting factor.
These criticisms suggest the potential exists for known physiological processes to adequately carry out what Noakes and others attribute to a complex, pre-calculated central mechanism of homeostasis. (Though they may be relevant for accounting for some types of observations such as the effects of altitude on cardiac and other muscular capabilities.) 
Another criticism is that Hill's original suggestion of a central governor uses a study in which a VO2 max test was conducted in which some of the subjects did not achieve a plateau in oxygen uptake. This failure led to his suggestion that VO2 max itself is a failure to account for their fatigue requiring the existence of another mechanism that could limit aerobic performance. However, this plateau requires that subjects are highly motivated, as the protocol of the test requires work at near maximal levels for protracted periods, and this might not have been the case.

</doc>
<doc id="20731537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731537" title="Charles Adam (disambiguation)">
Charles Adam (disambiguation)

Charles Adam (1780–1853), was a British naval officer.
Charles or Charlie Adam may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20731543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731543" title="Frank Papish">
Frank Papish

Frank Richard Papish (October 21, 1917 – August 30, 1965) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for six seasons. He played for the Chicago White Sox from 1945 to 1948, the Cleveland Indians in 1949, and the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20731546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731546" title="Pabst Blue Ribbon Bouts">
Pabst Blue Ribbon Bouts

Pabst Blue Ribbon Bouts was a television program that broadcast boxing matches from New York's Madison Square Garden featuring Russ Hodges, Jack Drees, and Bill Nimmo.
Kinescopes of some of these matches were later re-broadcast under the title "Blue Ribbon Classics." In recent years, ESPN Classic has aired some of the bouts. Most Pabst Blue Ribbon fights can be viewed at TVS Boxing.Net.

</doc>
<doc id="20731550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731550" title="Ralph W. 'Bud' Leavitt Jr.">
Ralph W. 'Bud' Leavitt Jr.

Ralph W. 'Bud' Leavitt Jr. (1917–1994) was a Maine newspaperman who was executive sports editor of "The Bangor Daily News", and a longtime outdoor columnist recognized statewide. In addition to his writing, Leavitt hosted one of Maine's earliest television shows, which was devoted to fishing, hunting and the out-of-doors. Leavitt's stature within the state was such that columnist Roy Blount Jr. wrote of the Maine sportswriter that he "fishes with Ted Williams and Red Smith – or, rather, they trout-fish with him." An early conservationist and son of a paper mill union leader, Leavitt urged the state of Maine to acquire lands for public use; one such preserve is today named for the sportswriter and television personality.
Early life and career beginnings.
Ralph W. Leavitt Jr. was born in Old Town, Maine, in 1917 to Ralph W. Leavitt Sr., union manager at Penobscot Chemical Fiber Company, and his wife Elise. Following graduation from Old Town High School, 'Bud' Leavitt went to work in the plant where his father was manager of the union – and quit the next day. "He didn't like getting all covered with dirt and sweat anywhere but on the athletic field," said Bud's cousin Alden Leavitt.
Following his one-day career in the industrial world, Leavitt went looking for other employment. He landed his first newspaper job at age 17 when he began writing for "The Bangor Daily Commercial" in 1934. At the outbreak of World War II, Leavitt joined the Army Air Corps as a civilian employee. Following the War, in 1946 Leavitt took a job as general sportswriter at "The Bangor Daily News", with which he associated as sportswriter, sports editor and outdoor columnist for the next 48 years.
During his tenure as sports editor and outdoor columnist, Leavitt also occasionally filed stories to national publications, including "TIME Magazine". High school graduate Leavitt's prose on sporting topics even turned up occasionally in the highbrow "The New Yorker" magazine. He also frequently hunted and fished with his friend Nelson Bryant, outdoor columnist for "The New York Times", who wrote about their jaunts in his newspaper. During this time, Leavitt began to make himself indispensable to the Bangor newspaper, where the owners noted that his presence on the sports pages came to embody for many readers the newspaper itself.
In 1948 Leavitt began writing a daily outdoor column for the newspaper in addition to his sportswriter duties. The column, in which Leavitt discussed hunting and fishing and life in Maine, ran in "The Bangor Daily News" until November 30, 1994 – six years after Leavitt had retired as the paper's sports editor, and only weeks before the columnist's death from cancer.
The columnist and the television host.
And, in the early days of television, Leavitt hosted one of the first outdoor shows on national television. In 1953 Maine's first TV station went on the air, and asked sportswriter Leavitt if he would anchor a show on the themes he wrote about in his column. "The Bud Leavitt Show" debuted that year as one of the first local programs on the air in Maine. For the next 20 years Leavitt appeared every Saturday night to talk about the pressing issues of a Maine outdoorsman: how to remove a fishhook; the death of a favorite dog; snoeshowing and moose hunting and salmon fishing.
That Leavitt's newspaper permitted him to appear on a competing news outlet startled no one. "They had to have him," said Bangor Daily News managing editor Mike Dowd of the demand for the popular columnist. "He had to have it. So Leavitt became multimedia before the term was invented."
Leavitt's last show on local Maine television was taped in 1973, but in 1978 the Maine Public Broadcasting Network asked the sportswriter to host a new show. That show, called "Woods and Waters", went on to become a public TV sensation. Within a year it was broadcast nationally. The Outdoor Writers of America later rated it the nation's best outdoor-oriented program. The show's success launched the local Maine sportswriter into the national consciousness: Leavitt was featured as a guest several times on the ABC show "American Sportsman", and was a frequent guest on national radio programs.
Sometimes Leavitt was joined on his Maine TV show by friends like broadcaster Curt Gowdy, or baseball players Brooks Robinson or Ted Williams. "He was to outdoor journalism what Norman Rockwell was to art," wrote longtime "Bangor Daily News" sports columnist Larry Mahoney. The comparison was apt. Leavitt was not known for his eloquent turns-of-phrase, but for his directness and lack of artifice—what some might call his 'Maine-ness.'
Thanks to his notoriety, Leavitt kept a running correspondence with people that he might never have met. His friendship with Albany, New York mayor Erastus Corning 2nd, for instance, lasted decades, and the pair's letters about angling are among the papers collected in Corning's archives.
Leavitt's friendship with baseball player Ted Williams spanned decades, and the two were frequent fishing buddies. Leavitt had been sent to Boston's Fenway Park in 1939 to write about the Boston Red Sox, where he met Williams, then a first-year rookie already making a name for himself as a slugger. Overhearing that the cub sportswriter was from Maine, Williams asked about the fishing up north. A lifelong friendship ensued.
"One journalist with whom Williams had a genuine friendship was the late Bud Leavitt, former sports editor and outdoor writer for the Bangor Daily News," wrote Tony Chamberlain of "The Boston Globe". "Leavitt fished often with Williams in the lakes and streams of Maine and Canada. Most of their fishing up north was for salmon, and Williams fished with Leavitt near the writer's home along the Penobscot River.'
Leavitt's recognition in Maine and later years.
Leavitt's stature as a writer on some of Maine's favorite topics, and his weekly television presence made him one of the state's celebrities – in the days when the words 'Maine' and 'celebrity' were oxymorons. Once, on a bird hunting drive in northern Maine with his friends Curt Gowdy and Brooks Robinson, Leavitt got lost. He stopped at a local home where he saw several men talking in the driveway. After inquiring after directions, Leavitt gestured at his car. Did the local Mainers know either of the two men in his automobile, Leavitt asked the group.
"No, we don't", answered one man, "but we sure know who you are. You're Bud Leavitt!"
Even Maine Senator Edmund Muskie tested the limits of political muscle when he brushed against Leavitt's following. It was arranged for Muskie to go ice-fishing with Bud Leavitt—or as Muskie adviser Clyde MacDonald Jr. put it, "possibly the greatest political event that could be arranged at that time." MacDonald lived next to columnist Leavitt, whom the Muskie aide inveigled to accompany Muskie on a fishing trip to an Ellsworth, Maine, lake. Muskie landed the prize-winning fish, headlined in the next day's Bangor newspaper. As Muskie recalled, his fishing trip with Leavitt made a deeper impression than most of his electoral efforts. "Muskie throughout the rest of his career would say, 'You know, I fought for Dickey-Lincoln and I prevented them from closing Loring, but the thing that people talk about is that fish.'"
'Bud' Leavitt died on December 20, 1994, and his funeral mass was held in Bangor, not far from his home in Hampden, Maine, on December 26, 1994. His wife Barbara had predeceased him, dying five years prior in 1989. During his career, Leavitt wrote 13,104 columns for Maine newspapers, and a book called, simply, "Twelve Months in Maine". Following his death, the State of Maine named the Bud Leavitt Wildlife Management Area, of upland forest northwest of Bangor, in honor of the sportswriter, a longtime advocate for conservation and public lands. In 2000, six years after Leavitt's death, the Maine Press Association posthumously inducted Leavitt into its Hall of Fame.
'Bud' Leavitt is interred, alongside his wife Barbara, at Lakeview Cemetery in Hampden, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="20731580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731580" title="More or Les">
More or Les

More Or Les (born 29 November in Toronto, Ontario), is a Canadian rapper, busker, DJ, producer, and a member of the Backburner crew. He currently resides in his home town of Toronto, Ontario.
Career.
More Or Les' interest in Hip hop culture began as a DJ, learning to mix at the age of 11 with the help of his older brother Colin. As a first year student at Woburn Collegiate Institute in Scarborough, Ontario, Les began freestyling with other local emcees and performing regularly at school assemblies. It was around this time that Les created the emcee name for himself, and started to produce beats.
In 2001, More Or Les became one of the resident DJ's at Toronto's longest running open mic night known as In Divine Style. It was at this event where Les met and began working on music with several members of the Toronto Hip Hop community including Dorc, Vangel and the Wordburglar. These connections led to the release of his first album "I only stop for the Red Ants" in 2003. A critical success, Les used the revenue generated from this version to release a "shrinkwrap edition" in 2004, a version with remastered tracks including a bonus song and a music video for the song "A Little Too Much Weed". While deemed "too controversial" for airplay on MuchMusic, the video has been shown on the Bravo program "Richler Ink" and received an award from the Next Festival in 2004, honouring the year's most innovative international videos. To further promote the album, Les not only performed at "regular" music venues, but also began busking on downtown Toronto streets, becoming a mainstay on Queen West on weekends for several years.
In 2005, More Or Les met and performed with UK Hip Hop band The Herbaliser. This meeting has led to subsequent touring in Canada and Europe with the band, and recorded appearances on their album "Same As It Never Was", released in 2008. 
More Or Les has since released a second album "The Truth About Rap" in 2006, featuring several artists he has since been affiliated with, including the Wordburglar and Rhythmicru. This album has also been well received by critics, cited as one of the Top 10 Hip Hop releases of 2006 by "Exclaim!", with songs receiving regular airplay on CBC Radio 3.
In late summer 2009, More Or Les collaborated with Backburner crew producer Fresh Kils and DJ Uncle Fester to release "The Les Kils EP". Meeting rave reviews from press, the EP debuted on Canadian college radio at #1. The song "Pop N Chips" has been played in high rotation on CBC Radio 3, with a music video for the release that has received play on Canadian channels MuchMusic and MusiquePlus.
In the latter half of October 2010, More Or Les released his third full length release "Brunch with a Vengeance" on Fuzzy Logic Recordings. Featuring a number of local artists and an additional collaboration with The Herbaliser, Les' new project is a concept album, compiling a list of various complaints from fans, friends and family and turning them into songs. In addition to the latest project, More Or Les continues to be a co-host of Hip Hop Karaoke in Toronto (with DJs Dalia, Numeric, Ted Dancin' and co-host Abdominal), an event started in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20731586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731586" title="Loren Parks">
Loren Parks

Loren Parks (born in 1926) is a businessman from the U.S. state of Nevada. He previously lived in Oregon (from 1957–2002), and is the biggest political contributor in the history of that state. He has financed numerous ballot measure initiative petitions and campaigns since the mid-1990s. He has also contributed heavily to races for prominent offices by his attorney, and frequent chief petitioner of ballot campaigns, Kevin Mannix.
Early life.
Parks was born in Wichita, Kansas in 1926. He served in the military from 1944–1946. He has a BA in psychology, having studied at five different universities. He speaks several languages.
Parks later started a business while living in Aloha, Oregon. He founded Parks Medical Electronics in 1961. The business sells a number of instruments, including a plethysmograph, which measures the blood flow to sexual organs and is used in treating sexual dysfunction and assessing the arousal of sex offenders.
Influential in Oregon politics.
From 1996 to 2006, Parks contributed over $6 million to various political campaigns – far more than any other individual, and more than most organized lobbies. His entry into backing political concerns followed the passage of Ballot Measure 5 in 1990. His support was instrumental in launching Oregon Taxpayers United, according to executive director Bill Sizemore.
Parks' dominance of the ballot measure system has been said to undermine the grassroots intent of the system.
In 2001, a former employee filed a sexual harassment complaint and lawsuit against Parks.
Parks moved from Oregon to Henderson, Nevada in 2002.
Parks made contributions to uphold the Oregon Death with Dignity Act in 1997.
Parks has been a strong supporter of former state legislator and gubernatorial candidate Kevin Mannix. Mannix has served as Parks' attorney. Parks' staff once said: "Mr. Parks thinks Kevin is one of the few leaders who keeps his word and gets things done."
Parks has not indiscriminately backed Mannix's proposed measures. In 2008, for instance, he declined to fund a proposed initiative that would have allowed for expanded local regulation of strip clubs. As a result, Mannix stopped pursuing ballot qualification.
In 2008, Parks was the source of over half the money used to qualify ballot measures for the statewide ballot. None of the measures he supported in that year was successful.
Parks is also a major contributor to charitable organizations, including health care and environmental concerns.
Parks is not religious, but is a believer in faith healing.

</doc>
<doc id="20731603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731603" title="Yangpachen Monastery">
Yangpachen Monastery

Yangpachen Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Yangpachen (Tibetan: "yangs pa can"; "Thub btsan yangs pa can"), in the Lhasa Prefecture of Tibet. It is historically the seat of the Shamarpas of Karma Kagyü. It is about 85 km southeast of Lhasa "on the northern side of the Lhorong Chu valley above the Lhasa-Shigatse highway." 
History.
It was founded around 1504 by the 4th Shamarpa who on finding the site proclaimed, "There shall be a monastery built on the left side of the Yangpachen as the support for Kagyu teachings and symbol of everlasting victory".
The monastery was attacked around 1980 during the Cultural Revolution by the Chinese forces and totally destroyed, but is now being rebuilt.
The associated Dorje Ling (rDo rje gling) Ani Gompa or nunnery is about a day's walk from Yangpachen Monastery and two days' walk north of Tsurphu. It is at the bottom of the eastern face of a long ridge with magnificent views of the high Nyenchen Tanglha range to the north. By 1986 the lhakang and domestic quarters had been rebuilt after the depredations of the Cultural Revolution, and about 30 "anis" (nuns) were again in residence. 

</doc>
<doc id="20731626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731626" title="Feng Yun">
Feng Yun

Feng Yun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20731635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731635" title="Lyate ion">
Lyate ion

In chemistry, a lyate ion is the anion derived by the deprotonation of a solvent molecule. For example a hydroxide ion is formed from the deprotonation of water and methoxide (CH3O-) is the anion formed by the deprotonation of methanol. See also lyonium ion which is the cation formed by the protonation of a solvent molecule.

</doc>
<doc id="20731639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731639" title="Bóg się rodzi">
Bóg się rodzi

"Bóg się rodzi" (, ) is a Polish Christmas carol (), with lyrics written by Franciszek Karpiński in 1792. Its stately melody (the composer has not been established) is traditionally known to be a coronation polonaise for Polish Kings dating back as far as during the reign of Stefan Batory in the 16th century. The carol is regarded by some as the National Christmas hymn of Poland, and, for a short time, it was also considered a national anthem, for instance by poet Jan Lechoń. It has also been called "One of the most beloved Polish Christmas carols".
The carol was published for the first time in a compilation of Karpiński’s works entitled "Pieśni nabożne" ("Songs of Piety") in 1792. The book was printed by the Basilian monks printing shop in Supraśl. However, the hymn had been publicly presented already a few years earlier, in the Old Basilica in Białystok, as Karpiński lived in Białystok’s Branicki Palace in the years from 1785 to 1818. First presentation of the carol is now commemorated by a tablet, located on the wall of the church. The tablet reads: "In this church, for the first time ever, Songs of Piety by Franciszek Karpiński were performed". The original title of the carol is "Pieśń o Narodzeniu Pańskim" ("On God’s Nativity" or "Song of the birth of our Lord").
Structure.
The carol consists of five verses, each verse with eight lines, and each line with eight syllables. The hymn can be characterized as a rhetorical tautology, which is visible while analyzing the text ("God is coming, might is crumbling: Lord in Heaven beyond meaning. Fire’s churning, light is darkening, the Eternal takes its limit"). These figures of speech are used deliberately, to emphasize the importance of the miracle which took place in the shed. Lyrics of the carol are also supported by quotation from the Gospel of John ("Word-Turned-Flesh to prove the Story, lived among us, born of Heaven"). Additionally, Karpiński inserted a patriotic message, as the fifth verse begins with an appeal to Baby Jesus ("Raise Your hand now, Child of Glory, bless our homeland now and ever").
"Bóg się rodzi" was the carol on which Pope John Paul II based his talk during the traditional exchange of Christmas greetings on 23 December 1996 at the Paul VI Auditorium. The Pope cited the words of the hymn saying, "The poet presented the mystery of the Incarnation of God's Son, using contrasts to express what is essential to the mystery: in assuming human nature, the infinite God at the same time assumed the limitations of a creature".
The hymn has been performed by several popular Polish artists, including Anna Maria Jopek, Violetta Villas, Michal Bajor, Ryszard Rynkowski, Krzysztof Krawczyk and Eleni Tzoka. It was sung by Polish prisoners of the Auschwitz Concentration Camp; an account by an inmate named Jozef Jedrych, kept in the Auschwitz Museum collections, describes how "the singing of German carols began, and then like the waves of the sea came the powerful words a Polish carol ‘God is born, the powers tremble’."
In popular culture.
An instrumental rendition of this song is featured in the "Brave New World" expansion pack of Civilization V. It is the theme of the Polish civilization, which is led by Casimir III.

</doc>
<doc id="20731643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731643" title="Emily Young (film director)">
Emily Young (film director)

Emily Young (born 1970) is an award-winning English film director and screenwriter. Her film "Veronika Decides to Die", an adaptation of the book by Paulo Coelho and starring Sarah Michelle Gellar was released in 2009.
Early life.
Emily Young, the third of four children, was born in Islington, London, the daughter of Helen Young (née Mason) and Hugo Young. Both her parents were journalists and her mother was also a charity worker and children's book author.
Education.
Emily Young completed her education at Edinburgh University before training as a director at the Polish National film school.
Awards and nominations.
Nominations:

</doc>
<doc id="20731651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731651" title="1980 South Carolina Gamecocks football team">
1980 South Carolina Gamecocks football team

The 1980 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season, and they competed as a Division I-A Independent. The team was led by head coach Jim Carlen, in his 6th year, and played their home games at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina. They finished the season with a record of eight wins and four losses (8–4 overall) and with a loss in the Gator Bowl against Pittsburgh.
Season.
In 1980, the South Carolina Gamecocks returned with plenty of talent, which was headlined by senior running back and Heisman candidate George Rogers. His 1,781 yards was the best in the nation and earned him a spot as a finalist for the Heisman Trophy. The Downtown Athletic Club in New York City named Rogers as the winner of the 1980 Heisman Trophy. Rogers beat out an impressive group of players, including Pittsburgh defensive lineman Hugh Green and Georgia running back Herschel Walker. Rogers also earned spots on eight All-America teams, all First Team honors.
Rogers had his number "38" retired during halftime ceremonies at South Carolina's final 1980 home game. He was the first University of South Carolina player to have his jersey retired while still active at the school.
Rogers left the Gamecock football program as its most successful running back, and many of his records remain after all these years. His 5,204 yards is still the highest career total by any Gamecock running back, and his 31 rushing touchdowns is tied with Harold Green for second place behind Marcus Lattimore. He is second on the all-time points scored list with 202. He also gained more than 100 yards in each of his final 22 college games.

</doc>
<doc id="20731691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731691" title="2000 Stuttgart Masters – Singles">
2000 Stuttgart Masters – Singles

Thomas Enqvist was the defending champion, but lost to Wayne Ferreira in the second round.
Ferreira won in the final 7–6(6), 3–6, 6–7(5), 7–6(2), 6–2.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. All sixteen seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20731698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731698" title="EASIC">
EASIC

eASIC is a fabless semiconductor company offering NEW ASIC devices used in the production of customized silicon devices.
History.
In 1999 eASIC Corporation was founded in San Jose, California, and incorporated in Delaware by Zvi Or-Bach, the founder of Chip Express (renamed to ChipX). eASIC is a privately held company, headquartered in Santa Clara, California, with engineering and R&D teams in Romania and Malaysia. eASIC is venture backed by Vinod Khosla, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers (KPCB), Crescendo Ventures, and Evergreen Partners.

</doc>
<doc id="20731700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731700" title="Eric Dunn">
Eric Dunn

Air Marshal Sir Eric Clive Dunn, KBE, CB, BEM, CEng, FRAeS (27 November 1927 – 16 July 2008) was a senior Royal Air Force officer. 
Born in Winchester on 27 November 1927 to the son of Royal Air Force Wing Commander he was educated at Bridlington School, East Riding of Yorkshire, and joined the RAF as an aircraft apprentice in February 1944.
Following three years at No 1 Radio School at RAF Cranwell, Dunn graduated in second place as a radio fitter (air). At this point, he missed his first opportunity for an RAF commission, being very unlucky not to be selected for a cadetship. Dunn won his colours every year in rugby and cricket, excelling to win the Victor Ludorum shield for outstanding sportsmanship.
Dunn was soon posted to Hong Kong to work on the flying boats, where Dunn volunteered for many missions during the Korean War. Dunn was an essential member for the crew in many of the missions as they lasted so long - some up to eighteen hours, and Dunn was responsible for the maintenance of the on-board navigation, electrical and radio equipment. Due to his efforts Dunn was award the British Empire Medal (BEM), although he was still only a corporal.
After returning to England in 1951, Dunn was selected for a commission within the engineering branch of the RAF.
Dunn retired in July 1986 and for four years was a director at Deutsch (then, Hellerman Deutsch).
Dunn died on 16 July 2008 aged 80, leaving his wife and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20731711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731711" title="Haldane Douglas">
Haldane Douglas

Haldane Douglas (13 August 1892 – 26 May 1980) was an American art director. He was nominated an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "For Whom the Bell Tolls".
He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and died in Orange County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20731754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731754" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 25 (1996)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 25 (1996)

Ballot Measure 25 of 1996 was a piece of direct legislation in the U.S. state of Oregon. The measure, which was successful, requires a three-fifths supermajority in both houses of the Oregon Legislative Assembly for any revenue-raising legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20731756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731756" title="San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards 2008">
San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards 2008

7th SFFCC Awards<br>
December 15, 2008
Best Picture: <br>
The 7th San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards, honoring the best in film for 2008, were given on 15 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20731770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731770" title="South Tampa">
South Tampa

South Tampa is a region in the city of Tampa that includes the neighborhoods of Beach Park, Ballast Point, Bayshore Beautiful Bayshore Gardens, Bayside West, Belmar Shore, Davis Islands, Port Tampa, Fair Oaks-Manhattan Manor, Golfview, Hyde Park, New Suburb Beautiful, Virginia Park, Palma Ceia, Rattlesnake Gandy-Sun Bay South, South Westshore, parts of Sunset Park and Courier City-Oscawana. MacDill Air Force Base is also included. The region represents District 4 of the Tampa City Council. The ZIP Codes serving the area are 33608, 33609, 33611, 33616, 33621, and 33629
Description.
South Tampa is a region of several neighborhoods in Tampa, Florida and is located on the Interbay Peninsula. It is surrounded by Tampa Bay on the east, Hillsborough Bay on the west and West Tampa on the north. Its main roadways include Dale Mabry Highway, U.S. Route 92 (Gandy Boulevard), West Shore Boulevard, Bayshore Boulevard, Bay to Bay Boulevard, and the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway.
The region of South Tampa is the area between Kennedy Blvd to the north and MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida to the south.
Further slang subdivisions in the area are SOG (South of Gandy Blvd.)

</doc>
<doc id="20731779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731779" title="Malibu Boats">
Malibu Boats

Malibu, which is headquartered in Loudon, Tennessee, is a United States manufacturer of recreational boats, founded in 1982. Malibu is notable as a major manufacturer of water sports boats, used both recreationally and in water skiing and wakeboarding events.
History.
In 1982, a group of six friends who shared a common passion for water skiing decided to start building custom ski boats in a small shop in Merced, California. Robert Alkema founded the organization. During the first year of operation, Malibu built two boats per week using a single-hull design and each boat, with its blended gel coat design had California flare.
By 1984, Malibu had repaid its initial loan and was building over 400 boats a year. Financially conservative, Alkema had directed the company to turn a profit in just over two years.
By 1988, with a nine percent share of the market, the California plant was at full production. To satisfy increased demand, the company opened a second plant in Tennessee. By the end of the year, Malibu had built almost 1,000 custom ski boats and had been awarded their first Product Excellence Award for Value by Powerboat Magazine.
By the end of 1992, Malibu had built a new production facility in Loudon, Tennessee to accommodate the increased demand east of the Mississippi. They removed all wood from the construction, and introduced the new, patented, Fiberglass Engine Chassis System (FibECS) which eliminated vibration and noise associated with the drivetrain.
Company Growth.
Fueled by innovation along with growth in the towboat segment, Malibu built more boats every year and assumed the #1 market share position from 2004 through 2008.
In 2006, Black Canyon Capital, as the primary investor, acquired Malibu Boats. 
In June 2009, Jack Springer became CEO of Malibu Boats. He had previous experience in the marine industry, but also a large amount of leadership experience in other industries.
Since 2009, Malibu has undergone substantial changes including a new brand launch called Axis Wake Research, and new innovations such as the Malibu Touch Screen, G-3 Tower, keyless ignition and now SURF GATE. 
Market Share.
After showing resilience through the US economy recession, Malibu now commands a widening market share of almost one-third of the market, with domestic market share growth of nearly seven percent in the last three years. As of Fall 2012, Statistical Surveys, Inc. places Malibu as the market share leader at 24.1 percent. Combined with Axis Wake Research, the pair is responsible for 30.0 percent of the market. (Source: http://www.statisticalsurveys.com)
Recent moves.
In 2012, Malibu sponsored wakeboarding’s biggest event to date, the Red Bull Wake Open, towed by the WAKESETTER 22 MXZ. Tens of thousands of fans flocked to downtown Tampa, Florida for the three categories of competition and the event aired for two hours live on NBC Saturday afternoon as part of the Red Bull Signature Series. Never before had the brand seen such a spike in exposure, awareness and online interaction.
Also in 2012, Malibu launched SURF GATE, a new innovation that allows for an evenly weighted boat to produce a wakesurfing wave with the ability to switch sides on the fly or even quickly switch between wakeboarding and wakesurfing and back again.
Athletes.
The Malibu Pro Team consists of several world champions and world record holders in both wakeboarding and water skiing. For 2013, the wakeboarding team consists of: Raph Derome, Phillip Soven, Amber Wing, Brian Grubb, Chad Sharpe, Dallas Friday, Olivier Derome, Cobe Mikacich and Tarah Mikacich. The water ski team includes Thomas Degasperi, Will Asher and current women’s world record holder Regina Jaquess (3 buoys @ 41 feet off).
Boats.
Malibu’s current lineup includes the popular WAKESETTER series ranging from 20–24 feet. They also produce the RESPONSE series of water ski boats, which have towed many world records.

</doc>
<doc id="20731781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731781" title="Oscar Mariné">
Oscar Mariné

Oscar Mariné Brandi (born 1951 in Madrid, Spain) is a designer, illustrator, expert typographer and professional artist; Oscar Mariné is one of the major communicators in post-Franco Spain. His internationally renowned work includes iconic designs for filmmakers like Pedro Almodóvar, Alex de la Iglesia, and Julio Médem, musicians like Bruce Springsteen, The Psychedelic Furs or Brian Eno, the press ("El País", "C International Photo Magazine") and a variety of firms (Absolut Vodka, Hugo Boss, Camper, Loewe etc.) He is the founder of OMB Graphic Design studio in Madrid.
Biography.
Oscar Mariné Brandi (born 1951 in Madrid, Spain)
Mariné has produced dozens of works of national and international renown in areas as diverse as publishing, corporate communications, film and music. His works bear the precious seal of a total creator, one who unites content, context and various techniques to overcome barriers in graphic design. His organic conception of product design makes him a vital exemplar of contemporary communication methods.
In 1998, Tibor Kalman said of Mariné's work: "It is no longer graphic design. It is communication. Graphic belongs to 1955. Communication means the creator has accepted responsibility for an intense stew of elements (a paella?) which now includes nutrition. Good cooks must balance the full range of effects to be expected from communications and now this includes content, as well as a dizzying array of contents, media and techniques.
Early days - Madrid Me Mata magazine (1980s).
Mariné's multidisciplinary creativity was evident from the start when he was founder and artistic director of the celebrated counter-cultural magazine "Madrid Me Mata", where he fused content and form to create an iconic publication during the famed La Movida Madrileña of the 1980s.
As a graphic designer/communicator (1991 to date).
In the area of branding, his projects for Camper, Loewe and Vega Sicilia are well known in Spanish design circles. International achievements include the renowned US advertising campaign for Absolut Vodka Absolut Mariné for Seagram USA, his work for Swatch, Benetton's "Fabrica" and the Japanese Narizuka Corporation. Also the development of the brand for Sir Norman Foster's architectural studio in London, Foster and Partners, where his concepts remit one to the aesthetics of London in the swinging '60s.
He has an extensive portfolio of editorial projects, and in the world of journalism, in 2007, the Spanish newspaper "El País" entrusted his studio with the design of their leading editions. The "El País Semanal" (the Sunday glossy magazine) has recovered its original name, "Babelia" (the Saturday newspaper's cultural review) has totally transformed its contents. "Domingo" (the Sunday newspaper's current affairs section) provides in-depth journalism for the weekend. He has also supervised the overall redesign of the daily newspaper, altering typographic protocols, and giving the content legibility, readability and credibility. Since 2005 Mariné is responsible for the art direction of the exquisite design of the "C International Photo Magazine", undoubtedly the most prestigious photographic art magazine in the world published by IvoryPress, London.
Many musicians have requested Mariné's input in the creation of their album covers: Bruce Springsteen, Immaculate Fools, The Psychedelic Furs, Andrés Calamaro, Los Rodríguez, Brian Eno, Kevin Ayers, Siniestro Total, Michel Camilo and Tomatito to name just a few.
His projects for film include iconic posters for "All About My Mother" by Pedro Almodóvar, "The Day of the Beast" by Alex de la Iglesia, and "Tierra" by Julio Médem. This connection with cinema continues with designs for film festivals such as Zinebi International Festival of Documentary and Short Films of Bilbao (Spain), where Mariné's poster was awarded the New York Art Directors Club Award for 2000.
He also designed the official look for the last two editions of the San Sebastián International Film Festival (Spain) and all of its sections. His Federico García Lorca-like designs are featured in the scenery of the renowned flamenco dancer Eva Yerbabuena's show El huso de la memoria.
Current work.
Recent projects include the brand for Madrid's new cultural center, Matadero Madrid. This is a place for young people, a place where the search for art and creativity can be fulfilled. Mariné's identity covers all graphic requirements: signage, publications, advertising, in house stationery, etc...
Other work includes: Exhibition Sebastiao Salgado "The Workers" for the National Library Madrid, publications for the Seville 1991 Universal Exposition, various for ICEX - Spanish Institute for Exterior Commerce, art catalogues for the IVAM - Valencia Institute of Modern Art, campaigns for the Junta de Castilla-La Mancha, exhibition graphics for the National Museum of Reina Sofia Center, multitude of projects over the past 15 years for the Huelva Tourist Board, launch for the Spanish Television + Radio- rtve, exhibition for The United Nations, and other works for Sgae-General Association of Authors and Editors, Caja Madrid Group, Santander Bank, 40 Principales, Los Aljibes and Paternina Vineyards, La Ser radio, Canal+, Condé Nast, El Corte Inglés, Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, Hugo Boss, Pepsi, Tissot Watches, Diseño Interior, Cambio 16, Marie Claire España, Amnesty International...
In the "El Greco 1900" exhibition organised by the SEACEX (State Corporation for Spanish Cultural Action Abroad) with paintings from the archives of the "Museo de El Greco" in Toledo, Spain, Mariné achieves a global vision of exhibition design, architecture, illumination, graphics and catalogue. The innovative lighting of the paintings and the installation that allows us to enter the famed The Burial of the Count of Orgaz piece has been defined by critics as a "radiant" and "avant-garde" vision, "without falling for typical stereotypes". Inaugurated at the Palacio de Bellas Artes museum in Mexico DF in 2009, it continues itinerant during 2010 at the "Bozar" Centre for Fine Arts, Brussels.
As an artist (1991 to date).
Mariné's pictorial work has been the subject of solo exhibitions in Tokyo, New York, Milan, Venice, Bologna, Madrid and Ibiza, and also forms a part of many collective shows. The owner of an Expressionist and chromatic stroke, some of his images are an essential component of various brand identities.

</doc>
<doc id="20731791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731791" title="Welcome to The Welcome Wagon">
Welcome to The Welcome Wagon

Welcome to The Welcome Wagon is a folk rock music album by The Welcome Wagon, released in 2008. It was produced by Sufjan Stevens.

</doc>
<doc id="20731814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731814" title="John Connor (Medal of Honor)">
John Connor (Medal of Honor)

John Connor (January 1, 1845 – February 5, 1907) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the American Indian Wars
Connor was born January 1, 1845 and after joining the United States Army from Jefferson, Texas in July 1869 was assigned to Company H, 6th Cavalry Regiment in the American Indian Wars. He participated in combat in Texas on the Wichita River on July 12, 1870, and received the Medal of Honor for what was described as "gallantry in action" there.
He was promoted Sergeant the following December, and was discharged in July 1874. He re-enlisted in January 1875, joining the 2nd Artillery Regiment, and served until December 1890.
He died on February 5, 1907 and is buried in the United States Soldiers' and Airmen's Home National Cemetery, Washington, D.C. His grave can be found in section K-7258.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
For gallantry in action on 12 July 1870, while serving with Company H, 6th U.S. Cavalry, in action at Wichita River, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20731821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731821" title="DOOR syndrome">
DOOR syndrome

DOOR (Deafness, Onychdystrophy, Osteodystrophy, and Mental Retardation) Syndrome is a genetic disease which is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion. DOOR syndrome is characterized by mental retardation, sensorineural deafness, abnormal nails and phalanges of the hands and feet, and variable seizures. A similar deafness-onychodystrophy syndrome is transmitted as an autosomal dominant trait and has no mental retardation. Some authors have proposed that it may be the same as Eronen Syndrome, but since both disorders are extremely rare it is hard to make a determination.
Symptoms.
Not all of the DOOR symptoms are consistently present. They can vary in severity, and additional features can be noted in individuals affected by DOOR syndrome.
Some of these additional features are:
Intellectual impairment is present in all reported cases, but the severity can vary widely. The prognosis in terms of survival also varies greatly from early childhood till adulthood.
Etiology.
The recurrence of DOOR in siblings and the finding of DOOR syndrome in a few families with consanguinity suggest that the condition is an autosomal recessive genetic condition. Mutations in TBC1D24 have been identified in 9 families.
References.
DOOR Syndrome Website

</doc>
<doc id="20731843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731843" title="Entropy (astrophysics)">
Entropy (astrophysics)

In astrophysics, what is referred to as "entropy" is actually the adiabatic constant derived as follows.
Using the first law of thermodynamics for a quasi-static, infinitesimal process for a hydrostatic system
For an ideal gas in this special case, the internal energy, U, is only a function of the temperature T; therefore the partial derivative of heat capacity with respect to T is identically the same as the full derivative, yielding through some manipulation
Further manipulation using the differential version of the ideal gas law, the previous equation, and assuming constant pressure, one finds
For an adiabatic process formula_4 and recalling formula_5, one finds
One can solve this simple differential equation to find
This equation is known as an expression for the adiabatic constant, K, also called the adiabat. From the ideal gas equation one also knows
where formula_8 is Boltzmann's constant.
Substituting this into the above equation along with formula_9 and formula_10 for an ideal monatomic gas one finds
where formula_12 is the mean molecular weight of the gas or plasma; and formula_13 is the mass of the Hydrogen atom, which is extremely close to the mass of the proton, formula_14, the quantity more often used in astrophysical theory of galaxy clusters.
This is what astrophysicists refer to as "entropy" and has units of cm2. This quantity relates to the thermodynamic entropy as
where formula_16, the density of states in statistical theory, takes on the value of K as defined above.

</doc>
<doc id="20731864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731864" title="The 3 Way">
The 3 Way

The 3 Way is a 1999 album by the American indie rock band, Lilys.
The album continued Lilys leader Kurt Heasley's 60's rock influence, with Pitchfork Media's Michael Sandlin stating "Heasley's ransacking encompasses almost the entire stylistic sprawl of the '60s on the groove- a- minute shindig that is The 3-Way," with the influence of The Kinks strongly in evidence.
Personnel.
Kurt Heasley, Michael Deming, Torben Pastore, Aaron Sperske, and David Shuman

</doc>
<doc id="20731875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731875" title="Richard Burton (cricketer)">
Richard Burton (cricketer)

Richard Burton (born 24 August 1976) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Shrewsbury.
Having represented Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship since 1997, Burton made a single List A appearance for the team, in the C&G Trophy in September 2001. He scored 28 runs from the opening order.
Burton's father, Robert, made three appearances for the side between 1974 and 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20731876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731876" title="Mark Bamford (cricketer)">
Mark Bamford (cricketer)

Mark Bamford (born 2 June 1980) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed opening batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who has played for Shropshire. He was born in Wolverhampton.
Bamford, who represented Northamptonshire's Second XI on a number of occasions between 1998 and 1999, made his debut for Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship the following season and played his last game in 2003 when he moved to Sussex.
Bamford made a single List A appearance for the team, against Oxfordshire in September 2001. 
Bamford represented Shropshire at U12-U15 and for Staffordshire at U16, 17 & 19 level. In that time he averaged 110.5 at U14, 105.8 at U16 and 71 at U17 in county cricket. He also represented Derbyshire Colts in 1996. He represented the Midlands at U14/15 & 19 (career average of 68.4) and for England Schools XI(ESCA) at U15 level in 1995. He scored 123 not out v Wales U15 in 1995 & 137 not out v Australia U15 in 1996. Bamford was named MCCC young player of the year in 1996.
Bamford attended Exeter University (1998–2001) and played for their 1st XI as vice captain whilst studying for his Geography degree. He then moved on to Southampton University to complete teacher training and played for their 1st XI too.
Bamford, an ECB Level 2 coach, captained Chichester Priory Park CC from 2009-2012 in the Sussex Premier League and was a member of their side that won the championship in 2005 (he was the highest run scorer in the championship winning side). He has previously played for Wolverhampton CC, Perkins CC, Shrewsbury CC (where at 17 was the youngest captain in premier league history) and Wroxeter CC.

</doc>
<doc id="20731877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731877" title="Andrew Williams (cricketer)">
Andrew Williams (cricketer)

Andrew Williams (born 13 September 1965) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Wrexham.
Williams, who represented Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship for the first time in 1986, made his only List A appearance in the 1992 NatWest Trophy, against Middlesex. From the opening order, he scored just six runs as Shropshire lost the match by a large margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20731878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731878" title="Jonathan Whitney">
Jonathan Whitney

Jonathan Whitney (born 7 April 1985) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Bridgnorth.
Whitney, who made his Minor Counties Championship debut in 2003, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 2005 C&G Trophy, against Hampshire. From the lower order, Whitney scored 39 runs in the match, the highest score of Shropshire's innings, though he was unable to save the team from a seven-wicket defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20731879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731879" title="Institute of Certified Practising Accountants">
Institute of Certified Practising Accountants

The Institute of Certified Practising Accountants (ICPA) was founded in 2001 in the United Kingdom. It is a professional organisation representing practising accountants.
The Association's headquarters are in Hornchurch, England.
Designation.
The ICPA offers its members the designation of Certified Practising Accountant (ICPA). 
Fellowship status is only offered to members that have not been subject to
disciplinary proceeding for a minimum 5 year period and is designated as
ICPA (Fellow).
Membership requirements.
The ICPA is open to ALL practising Accountants whether members of a CCAB body or qualified by experience. For those members qualified by experience it requires a prospective member to have relevant accountancy experience, 5 or more years in practice or 10 years in the accountancy profession and to detail their previously acquired knowledge.
Recent developments.
The ICPA is vocal in its opposition to the legal protection of the term accountant in the United Kingdom. It is currently running a campaign entitled ‘Accountants Under Fire’ to oppose any such legislation in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20731880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731880" title="David York">
David York

David York (born 13 April 1941) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Quatt, Shropshire.
York, who made his debut in the Minor Counties Championship in 1961, made his only List A appearance in the 1974 Gillette Cup, against Essex. From the tailend, he scored just a single run, as the team were all out for just 41 runs.
York bowled 12 overs in the match, taking figures of 1-34. He continued to represent Shropshire until 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20731881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731881" title="Duncan Perry">
Duncan Perry

Duncan Christopher Perry (born 9 September 1962) is a former English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and left-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Shropshire. He was born in Manchester.
Perry, who represented Leicestershire Second XI between 1979 and 1981, played for Shropshire in the Minor Counties Championship in 1983 and 1987. He made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1983 NatWest Trophy competition, against Somerset. From the tailend, Perry scored 5 runs, and took bowling figures of 2-30.

</doc>
<doc id="20731935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731935" title="UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project">
UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project

The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project (UCSD Free Clinic) is a non-profit, free clinic that maintains four community locations and is headquartered at the University of California at San Diego School of Medicine, La Jolla, California. The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project is 1 of approximately 24 student-run clinic programs in the nation; students plan, manage, and carry out clinic operations under the supervision of licensed physicians. The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project seeks to provide high-quality and comprehensive care to uninsured and underserved patients throughout San Diego, who cannot otherwise afford access to care; the majority of patients are working poor. Its four clinics are located at the First Lutheran Church in Downtown San Diego, the Pacific Beach United Methodist Church in Pacific Beach, Baker Elementary School located just north of National City, and Golden Avenue Elementary School in Lemon Grove.
History.
Students at the UCSD School of Medicine had wanted to start a free clinic for many years however, the models initially proposed did not gain the support of UCSD administration. One day, a UCSD pre-med student who had served at the Suitcase Clinic in Berkeley, California approached Dr. Ellen Beck, M.D, Clinical Professor in the Department of Family and Preventive Medicine at UCSD. Together, they called a meeting of interested students and formed a planning committee. The key learning for the team was that an exclusive building was not needed to house the clinic; the project needed an established community partner that could provide them with support and facilities.
The team identified a well established program already serving the homeless at the Pacific Beach United Methodist Church. Mary Mahy, a formerly homeless woman, had created the Harvest for the Hungry program and was receptive to the idea of a free medical clinic. With her support and assistance, the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project gained access to several rooms in the church that they could use during the evenings. Thus, the first UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic site was opened at the Pacific Beach United Methodist Church on in January 1997. On that first night, 10 patients came seeking aid and over the next few months the clinic became very busy.
A minister from the First Lutheran Church in Downtown San Diego, who was passionate about social justice and serving the homeless, heard about the free clinic that had started in Pacific Beach. He approached Dr. Beck and asked if a second site could be started at his church. This coincided with rising student interest for the project and with a sufficient number of medical student volunteers, a second site was opened in October 1997.
The medical students then became interested in reaching out to underserved minority populations. Initially, Dr. Beck approached an inner city church. Though the congregation was primarily middle-class, the pastor of the church referred Dr. Beck to his wife, Dr. Louilyn Hargett, who was the leader at Baker Elementary School. Dr. Hargett along with the school's principal, Krisi Dean, welcomed the creation of a clinic and became partners with the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project. During 1998, the San Diego Unified School District approved the request to use school buildings for a medical clinic. It was the school board's hope that the clinic would help to affirm the idea that school was at the center of the community. On October 13, 1998, the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project's third site was opened at Baker Elementary.
Through the first 10 years of operations, the clinics provided no-cost healthcare to 7,500 people. At any given time, the clinics have approximately 2,500 active patients.
Mission.
Quoted from the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project Project website:
"The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project, in partnership with the community, provides accessible, quality health care for the underserved in respectful environments, in which students, health professionals, patients and community members learn from each other. We seek to sustain health through: free medical and preventive care, health education and access to social service."
Philosophy.
The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project's motto as quoted from the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project Project website:
"Serving the Underserved."
The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project strives to provide top-notch care to all of its patients and works towards fulfilling dimensions of unmet need. The clinic stresses safety and confidentiality and adheres to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project seeks to educate and empower its patients and encourages them to take control of their health; the clinic hopes that this grassroots effort will spread and make all San Diegans more conscious and proactive about their health. The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project strives to act as a teacher not only to its patients, but also its students, doctors, and volunteers. The staff learn first hand from their patients about the health disparity affecting low-income people as well as the non medical needs of the underserved. The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project works to create an environment where all who attend, feel energized, encouraged, supported, respected, trusted and open to one another, thus making the San Diego community a healthier place to live.
Services and Partners.
The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project offers many services in addition to basic medical care. These include care from specialized doctors, dentistry, acupuncture, a basic pharmacy, legal aid, and access to social workers.
Specialty Clinics.
In efforts to provide comprehensive medical care, the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project offers specialty clinics where active patients have the opportunity to receive care from a specialist. Specialty clinics are once-per-month occurrences that active patients must be referred to in advance of the scheduled specialty clinic date. Patients of the UCSD free clinics may be treated by a doctor representing: cardiology, dermatology, endocrinology, gastroenterology, gynecology, nephrology, neurology, ophthalmology, orthopedic surgery, podiatry, pulmonology, and rheumatology.
Dental Care.
Dental care is the greatest unmet health care need in the nation; 108 million people lack access to dental care. Patient restorative dental care, not solely emergency dental care, is made possible by the work of the UCSD Pre-Dental Society. UCSD students arrange for dentists to volunteer and treat patients on an appointment-only basis except at the Pacific Beach site. Approximately 5-10 patients are seen during each clinic session. Because of the limited resources and availability of volunteer professional dentists, potential dentistry patients are typically placed on a waiting list until there is room for them to receive full dental care except in the case of a dental emergency.
Acupuncture.
Acupuncture is provided by the Pacific College of Oriental Medicine. Acupuncture trials are encouraged for pain and stress management as part of the integrative focus of the clinic.
Medication Dispensed.
UCSD Skagg's School of Pharmacy students volunteer at the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project under the supervision of a licensed pharmacist. The clinic's pharmacy dispenses many types of medication free of charge to patients. When a patient needs a drug that the pharmacy does not stock, the drug may be ordered though a pharmaceutical company drug donation program. The pharmacy works closely with volunteers who arrange to get medications through drug companies' patient assistance program. While this allows free clinics to obtain drugs for patients free of charge, there is an extensive amount of paperwork that must be completed for each patient enrolled in the program.
Legal Advice.
California Western School of Law (Cal Western) organizes the Community Law Project at the Downtown clinic. The Community Law Project's mission is to offer pro bono legal advice, information and referral services to low income residents of the San Diego community. The law students from Cal Western work directly in a multidisciplinary context with the other clinics at the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project to provide legal services to the client. The Community Law Project addresses all areas of law related to the indigent client, with more emphasis being in the areas of Family, Consumer, Administrative, and Immigration law. It does not provide legal representation.
Social Worker Consultations.
Students from San Diego State University school of Social Work intern with the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project Project under the guidance of a social worker. They provide patients with resources and information about public programs, housing, public services, and employment opportunities.
The Clinics.
The Free Clinic Project aims to serve patients who are not eligible to receive health care through any other program.
New patient clinics are held Monday evening downtown and Wednesday evening in Pacific Beach. A medical student or a team of medical students conduct a comprehensive interview including information about the patient's present condition, history of the present illness, social and family history. A physical examination on the patient is also performed. The medical student(s) then presents the patient's case to an attending physician and together they talk with the patient. The attending, medical student and patient collaborate to determine the best course of action. If needed, medications are ordered from the pharmacy and are then dispensed to the patient.
Pacific Beach United Methodist Church (PB).
1561 Thomas Street
San Diego, CA 92109
First Lutheran Church (Downtown).
1420 Third Avenue
San Diego, CA 92101
Baker Elementary School (Baker).
4041 T Street
San Diego, CA 92113
Golden Avenue Elementary (Golden Avenue).
8025 Lincoln Street
Lemon Grove, CA 91945
Nationwide Impact.
The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project created a national faculty development program in 1999 called, "Addressing the Health Needs of the Underserved" with grant funding. Over 107 faculty from 30 states have visited UCSD for three week periods to learn the mechanics of creating similar student-run free clinic programs in their communities. The UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project now offers an Advanced Skills Program, in which previous participants return for a week and continue to learn from each other and their programs.
Through "Addressing the Health Needs of the Underserved," and individual consultations, the UCSD Student-Run Free Clinic Project Project has been emulated around the country in at least 7 new locations including Jackson, Mississippi, Lexington, Kentucky, Kansas City, Kansas, and Houston, Texas
In addition, attendees have used information from the program to create 29 new resident curricula in community medicine, 18 new medical student curricula, successful grant proposals that address training in underserved communities, and new programs addressing the needs of migrant workers, street homeless, and other underserved groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20731958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731958" title="Juan Obelar">
Juan Obelar

Club career.
He was born in Mercedes.
Obelar previously played for C.A. Peñarol, Villa Española and Tacuarembó F.C. in the Primera División Uruguaya. He also played for C.D. Marathón of the Liga Nacional de Honduras and Millonarios in the Colombian Primera A.
Obelar won the Honduran league with Marathón in 2008, leading to a move to Millonarios in 2010. He made a promising start with the Bogotá side, but was relegated to the bench midway through the 2010 season after a poor performance against Cortuluá.
In November 2013, Obelar retired after a domestic accident in which he lost four fingers of his left hand through a wood plane. At the time he was on his own, and didn't have help from anyone.

</doc>
<doc id="20731961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731961" title="Central Hindu School">
Central Hindu School

Central Hindu School, formerly known as Central Hindu College, is one of India's largest schools which is situated at Kamachha in the heart of the holy city Varanasi. It provides education to all society of people and is well equipped with highly qualified faculties and laboratory. It owns a large Hall known as 'SARGA HALL' where prayer is done. It has two floored library where approx 200 students can sit and has largest playground of Purvanchal, where Inter-school football tournament is played. It is affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education(CBSE) and is governed by Banaras Hindu University and Senior High School (11th standard) was called Pre University Course (PUC) and later the same students could join Banaras Hindu University for their undergraduate courses.
History.
Founded by noted freedom-fighter Annie Besant in July 1898, with Dr. Arthur Richardson, a science graduate from England as the principal., and went on to become the nucleus of Banaras Hindu University, which was established in 1916. 
This school had run under graduation classes as a loaner for Banaras Hindu University which was founded by Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya and was still under construction. The charge of the Central Hindu College was handed over to the Hindu University Society on November 27, 1915. By a notification issued by the Government, in October 1917, the Central Hindu College became a constituent college of the newly formed university. The Sayaji Rao Gaekwad Library (Central Library), BHU was first housed in the Telang Library of the College in 1917.
Noted theosophist, George Arundale joined the school as a history teacher in 1917, and later became the head of the school.
Reservation.
As per the BHU EC resolution dated 29/30 March 1996, the following reservations will be given for admissions in the seats available for admission in various classes after giving seats to internal students:-

</doc>
<doc id="20731973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731973" title="Saturn Electronics">
Saturn Electronics

Saturn Electronics Corporation is a PCB Manufacturing firm based in Romulus, Michigan, United States. 
History.
Saturn was founded in 1985 by Nagji Sutariya and his two nephews, Perry Sutariya and Ishvar Sutariya. 
PCB Certifications.
Saturn achieved its ISO9002 certification in 1985. In 1998, Saturn became the 5th PCB Circuit Board manufacturer in the country to achieve QS9000 certification. In 2000, Saturn was certified for high-reliability, safety, and under-hood applications. Saturn was the first PCB Manufacturer in North America to achieve TS19649 Certification and was one of the first PCB fabricators in North America to attain AS9100 Certification, the aerospace industry’s quality management system. In April 2009, Saturn became a registered ITAR PCB Manufacturer.
Circuit Board Manufacturing Capacity.
Saturn's capacity doubled by the end of 2000 due to capital improvements. 2000 was the highest revenue year in Saturn’s history. With the industry downturn in 2001, much of this added capacity went unused through 2002. However, Saturn’s financial strength (the company is debt-free with no leases) has allowed it to overcome the downturn by adding even more equipment and processes to expand product offerings.
Printed Circuit Fabrication.
Saturn manufactures PCB Printed Circuit Boards for the Electronics Manufacturing Industry providing both quick turn prototype boards and PCB production. Saturn's boards are primarily multi-layered PCBs used in diverse industries such as Power Supply, Military, Aerospace, Automotive, Medical, Telecommunications, and High-End Consumer Electronics Fine Line and Spacing Controlled Impedance Designs. Core Products include Heavy Copper PCB Multi-layers, PTFE / Hybrid Technologies, Microwave / RF PCBs, Cavity Boards, Internal-Cavity Boards, Thermal Management for LED Applications to include metal core PCBs (MCPCB), Via-in-Pad, laser drilled blind and buried vias, HDI, and Rigid-flex (offshore).
PCB Supply Chain.
Saturn Electronics Corporation is often confused with other Saturn's throughout the PCB Supply Chain, though it distinguishes itself as the only bare printed circuit board manufacturer (NAICS Code: 334412) with the name Saturn in its title.

</doc>
<doc id="20731983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731983" title="Fenjal">
Fenjal

Fenjal is a brand of cosmetic hygiene products marketed around the world by the pharmaceutical and cosmetics company Doetsch Grether AG of Basel, Switzerland. 
The company was founded in 1899 and the first Fenjal product was a creme bath introduced in 1962 with the notable feature that the formula included plant oil. 
The brand range now includes soap, bath oil, body lotion, body wash, bubble bath, shower oil, shower mousse and other skin care products.

</doc>
<doc id="20731992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20731992" title="Friern Barnet Grammar School">
Friern Barnet Grammar School

The Friern Barnet Grammar School was a small independent day school for boys located on Friern Barnet Road, North London. 
It was later absorbed into the co-educational Woodside Park School foundation which was later renamed The North London International School and is today known as The Dwight School London, notably one of the first schools to offer the International Baccalaureate as an alternative to traditional British A-Level studies.
History.
The school was founded in 1884 as St John's High School for Boys by the Reverend Prebendary Frederick Hall MA of Jesus College, Cambridge, rector of the Parish of St James and St John, Friern Barnet, to educate boys from middle-class families capable of meeting fee payments, as distinct from his efforts to provide the free schooling - financially supported by parishioners - of infants.
The rector was also the founder of the Friern Barnet Grammar School for Girls (c. 1891) and commissioned the imposing St John’s church building opposite the boys' school. This was a late work in the Gothic Revival style by eminent architect John Loughborough Pearson (whose works include Truro Cathedral and St John's Cathedral, Brisbane) begun in 1890 and completed by his son Frank in 1911. Reverend Hall had been curate at Pearson's St. Augustine's, Kilburn. 
On the site of the school was the original temporary iron construction known as the school-church of St. John, where both classes and church services were held. This was later replaced by a one-storey building enlarged in the 1950s and the existing building, a two-storeyed block, was built in 1973. 
After 1890 the establishment was known as Friern Barnet Grammar School for Boys having its own preparatory school from 1904. However the school was never populated by more than two hundred pupils.
The school’s charitable arm was the subsidiary group, Friends of Friern Barnet Grammar School. In 1995, Friern Barnet Grammar became the Senior Department of Woodside Park School, rebranded and began admitting girls. 
Over a number of years an intense rivalry developed between pupils of the Grammar School and those from the government maintained Friern Barnet County School (latterly Friern Barnet Secondary School), which in 1961 opened nearby in Hermington Avenue.
Information.
Motto: Vita Lux Hominum 
Latin: Life and Light of Mankind (from St John 1:4 "In him was life, and the life was the light of men")
School Crest: Phoenix
School Houses: "Formerly" - Collingwood, Drake, Frobisher, Grenville, Nelson
"Latterly" - Cook (yellow), Livingstone (green), Scott (red)
Annual Events: Founder's Day, Speech Day (Prize Giving), Sports' Day 
In 1961, prizes were presented by the Member of Parliament for Finchley, Mrs Margaret Thatcher who "in an inspiring address spoke to the boys about their vocation in the life of the community for which school days are a preparation".
Headmasters.
Headmasters: 

</doc>
<doc id="20732012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732012" title="Kelvin Castillo">
Kelvin Castillo

Kelvin Roberto Castillo García (born 8 September 1985) is a Honduran football goalkeeper who currently plays for Deportes Savio.
Club career.
Castillo made his professional debut in 2008 for Marathón and played with them in the 2008-2009 CONCACAF Champions League. He joined Deportes Savio in summer 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20732018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732018" title="Polysius">
Polysius

Polysius AG is a German company and subsidiary company of ThyssenKrupp Technologies, that manufactures cement plants and builds cement mills, cement kilns, cement factory automation systems and ore grinding facilities. Polysius is active around the world, constructing, installing and managing cement and ore processing plants.
In spring 1859, master machinist Andreas Ernst Gottfried Polysius opened his own workshop in Dessau, thereby laying the foundations for today's global player - Polysius AG. 
In 1870, he set up the G. Polysius iron foundry and engineering works, which soon became a respected designer and manufacturer of high-performance mills for the burgeoning construction materials industry. By 1890, the founder's heirs were working on the company's 100th mill contract. 
From that time onwards, Polysius specialised in machines for crushing, grinding and dressing/processing raw materials, as well as in the construction of cement works. The result: in 1898, the company built Europe's first rotary kiln and in 1907 constructed a complete cement factory - sited beyond the boundaries of the western world, in Egypt. 
In the late 1920s, Dr. Georg Lellep invented the LEPOL process. This revolutionised conventional cement production, significantly improving the burning process in the rotary kiln and reducing fuel consumption by a third. 
In 1946, after the Second World War, Polysius made a fresh start in Dessau. At the same time, however, Dr. Curt Prüssing, a member of the Polysius family, formed Westpol GmbH in Beckum. Three years later, the company was renamed Polysius GmbH.
With the old name emblazoned on a new corporate banner, business quickly picked up, especially exports. Ten years after the new start, Polysius employed 600 people in Germany and 100 abroad. 
In 1971, the Essen-based company Fried. Krupp GmbH acquired a majority share-holding in Polysius. 
In 1992, Polysius AG was integrated into the Krupp Plant Construction Division of Fried. Krupp AG Hoesch-Krupp.
In 1999, the Krupp merger with the Thyssen Group marked another milestone in the company's 140-year history. Under ThyssenKrupp AG, Polysius addresses the challenges of the new millennium as a member of the international ThyssenKrupp Technologies Division.
Locations.
Polysius is based in Beckum, Germany; the company has subsidiaries on every continent.
Polysius - Schwerzenbach/ Switzerland; 
Polysius - Zürich / Switzerland; 
Polysius - Ascot / Great Britain; 
Polysius - Aix en Provence / France; 
Polysius - Madrid / Spain; 
Polysius - Moscow / Russia; 
Polysius - Singapore; 
Polysius - Shanghai / China; 
Polysius - Hanoi / Vietnam;
Polysius - Pune / India; 
Polysius - Shah Alam / Malaysia; 
Polysius - Henderson / Australia; 
Polysius - Sunninghill / Republic of South Africa; 
Polysius - Mexico City / Mexico; 
Polysius - São Paulo / Brazil; 
Polysius - Buenos Aires / Argentina; 
Polysius - Atlanta / USA; 
Polysius - Milwaukee / USA; 
Polysius - Matarani / Peru;

</doc>
<doc id="20732025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732025" title="Kenai Lake">
Kenai Lake

Kenai Lake is a large, "zig-zag" shaped lake on the Kenai Peninsula, Alaska. The lake forms the headwaters of the Kenai River, and is itself a destination for fishing and other outdoor activity. Due to its size and shape it is accessible from both the Sterling Highway and the Seward Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20732028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732028" title="Chesebrough Manufacturing Company">
Chesebrough Manufacturing Company

Chesebrough Manufacturing Company was an oil business which produced petroleum jelly or vaseline, which was marketed with the brand name Luxor. It was founded in 1859. Robert Augustus Chesebrough, a chemist who started the company, was interested in marketing oil products for medicinal needs. He produced the first petroleum jelly by refining rod wax through the use of heat and filtration. He named Vaseline from the German language word for water (wasser) and the Greek language word for oil (olion). Vaseline was patented in the United States in 1872 and England in 1877.
Company history.
In 1870 Robert Chesebrough began selling a product derived from petroleum residue, Vaseline Petroleum Jelly. Chesebrough's first manufacturing plant for vaseline was in Perth Amboy, New Jersey. In 1881 Chesebrough Manufacturing began operating under Standard Oil but resumed independent operations in 1911.
Additional production sites were built in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and in 1924, London, England. 
Chesebrough Manufacturing Company distributed its product throughout the United States and England during the early and mid-20th Century. It was listed on the New York Stock Exchange and grouped with other oil-related stocks such as Standard Oil and its subsidiaries, and Continental Oil.
The company had a productive
record of earnings and dividend disbursements even with the onset of the Great Depression. Earnings increased from $8.36 per share in 1925 to $13.22 during 1929. As of December 31, 1940, the Chesebrough Manufacturing Company had total assets of $4,267,940 and liabilities of $603,643. In 1940 damage from a World War II air raid totaled $50,000 to its London, England, plant. Chesebrough and Pond's Creams merged in June 1955; and in 1987 Chesebrough-Ponds was acquired by Anglo-Dutch company Unilever

</doc>
<doc id="20732045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732045" title="Woody Wagenhorst">
Woody Wagenhorst

Elwood Otto "Woody" Wagenhorst (June 3, 1863 – February 12, 1946) was an American football and baseball player and coach. He played Major League Baseball as a third baseman for the Philadelphia Quakers in . In two career games, he had one hit in eight at-bats. Wagenhorst served as the head football coach at the University of Pennsylvania from 1888 to 1891, compiling a record of 39–18.
Biography.
Wagenhorst was born in Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania in 1863. He played baseball and football while attending Princeton University (then known as the College of New Jersey). At the time of his graduation from Princeton, on June 8, 1888, he debuted at third base for the Philadelphia Quakers in the National League. After playing in only two games, Wagenhorst soon accepted an invitation to become coach of Penn's second paid football team, succeeding Frank Dole. For his coaching duties, Wagenhorst was paid $275.
In the fall of 1888 as Wagenhorst served the Penn football team as its coach, trainer and he even played end briefly that season. In 1889, while coaching at Penn, Wagenhorst enrolled in Law School. As a Penn law student, Wagenhorst also became third-baseman and captain of the school's 1890 and 1891 baseball teams.
After graduating in 1892, he became a private secretary for Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and later Mayor of Philadelphia, John E. Reyburn. Wagenhorst later practiced law in Washington D. C. until his death in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20732059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732059" title="Tommy Watson (footballer born 1969)">
Tommy Watson (footballer born 1969)

Thomas "Tommy" Watson (born 29 September 1969 in Liverpool, England) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder between 1988 and 2010 notably played for Grimsby Town. Watson also played for Hull City and went on to form, manage and play for Lincolnshire Soccer School who are now known as Cleethorpes Town.
Playing career.
Liverpool born Watson played for The Mariners as a youngster and was promoted to the clubs first team squad in 1988. He could operate all over midfield but favoured to play on the right side of the flank. In 1995 he also spent time on loan with Hull City. He stayed with The Mariners up until 1996 when he retired due to injury.
Coaching career.
After retiring Watson formed his own football club in North East Lincolnshire named Lincolnshire Soccer School in 1998 which focused on both the men's and women's game ranging from ages 7 all the way up too the senior game. Watson played and managed the senior team from 1998 until 2010. In 2009 the club name changed to Cleethorpes Town Football Club.
Tommy is married to wife Sarah who coaches Cleethorpes town girls, they have 3 children together

</doc>
<doc id="20732083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732083" title="Juan Carlos García">
Juan Carlos García


</doc>
<doc id="20732092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732092" title="Baishui">
Baishui

Baishui (Chinese: , lit. "White Water") may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20732103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732103" title="Parkside Academy">
Parkside Academy

Parkside Academy (formerly Parkside School and then Parkside Sports College), is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in Hall Lane Estate, Willington, Crook, County Durham, England. 
Parkside teaches a wide range of standard, and specialist curriculum subjects as well as a multitude of after school activities. It is a well known community association and hosts a state of the art Gym and activities for youths under 16. The school specializes in Information Technology and Physical Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20732107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732107" title="Daniel B. Cathcart">
Daniel B. Cathcart

Daniel B. Cathcart (8 December 1906 – 23 January 1959) was an American art director. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction.
He was born in Idaho and died in Los Angeles, California.
Selected filmography.
Cathcart was nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20732110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732110" title="Elmer School District">
Elmer School District

The Elmer School District was a community public school district that served students in kindergarten through fourth grade from the Borough of Elmer in Salem County, New Jersey, United States. The district also operated The Learning Center in Elmer School for infants through PreK-4. At a meeting conducted in June 2009, the Elmer Board of Education voted to merge with the Pittsgrove Township School District and would send all of its students as part of the send-receive relationship.
For grades 5-12, public school students attend Pittsgrove Township Middle School (5-8) and then Arthur P. Schalick High School (9-12), in Pittsgrove Township, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Pittsgrove Township School District.
As of the 2007-08 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 76 students and 6.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.7.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "CD", the sixth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J. Elmer School District is now merged with Pittsgrove Township School District.
School.
Elmer School had 76 students as of the 2007-08 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="20732121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732121" title="Three or Four Shades of Blues">
Three or Four Shades of Blues

Three or Four Shades of Blues is an album by Charles Mingus recorded for the Atlantic label in 1977. It features two new versions of Mingus' "standards" and three new compositions performed by large ensembles featuring Jack Walrath, Ricky Ford, George Coleman, Sonny Fortune, Jimmy Rowles, Philip Catherine, Larry Coryell, John Scofield, Ron Carter, George Mraz and Dannie Richmond. The Allmusic review by Stuart Kremsky states that the album is "Not his best work, but not without merit".

</doc>
<doc id="20732126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732126" title="Yannick Bokolo">
Yannick Bokolo

Yannick Bokolo (born 19 June 1985) is a French professional basketball player.
Biography.
Born in Kinshasa, Zaire in 1985, Bokolo left the country aged 3 to move to Belgrade, Yugoslavia. At the age of 5, he moved to Strasbourg, France. Later, he joined the National basketball academy (INSEP), alongside Johan Petro and Terence Parker. Due to his successful international career with France youth, he then joined Le Mans, the team with whom he would win his first honors. He caught the eyes of the world with strong performances at the 2006 World Championships. After five years in Sarthe, Bokolo joined Basket Club Maritime Gravelines Dunkerque Grand Littoral in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20732132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732132" title="Dream Director">
Dream Director

The Dream Director is a touring installation by artist Luke Jerram which continues the artist's exploration of creating art inside people's heads ("on the edges of perception") rather than in the physical world.
Participants in the Dream Director (usually 20 in total) stay overnight in specially designed sleep pods. Each participant wears an eye mask which detects Rapid Eye Movement. When a mask detects the participant is in REM - and is therefore probably dreaming - the participant is played a short sound clip through speakers embedded in his or her sleep pod. Each participant is assigned a certain sound set for the night, although they do not find out what sounds they were being played until the following morning (after they have written down any dreams they had). Each sound set is a group of sound effects with a specific theme: early experiments showed that being played a wide variety of sound effects confused and exhausted the sleeper.
By playing themed sounds to sleepers when they are dreaming, it is hoped to alter the content of their dreams. For instance, sound effects evoking large echoey spaces might result in dreams set in large or open spaces. The question of whether a participant's altered dream could be said to be art is still open to debate, and indeed Luke encourages this discussion.
The Dream Director is part art, part science: participants' dreams are analysed by sleep researchers at the University of the West of England. One possible outcome of this research is to see if techniques similar to the Dream Director can help people who suffer from sleep disorders such as recurring nightmares.

</doc>
<doc id="20732139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732139" title="2006 South Carolina Gamecocks football team">
2006 South Carolina Gamecocks football team

The 2006 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference during the college football season of 2006–2007. The Gamecocks were led by Steve Spurrier in his second season as USC head coach and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina.
Schedule.
The October 28 game against Tennessee played host to ESPN's College Gameday, the third year in a row that South Carolina had hosted the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20732150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732150" title="Guidelines for Examination in the European Patent Office">
Guidelines for Examination in the European Patent Office

The Guidelines for Examination in the European Patent Office (or, for short, the EPO Guidelines) are general instructions, for the examiners working at the European Patent Office (EPO) as well as for the parties interacting with the EPO, on the practice and procedure at the EPO in the various aspects of the prosecution of European patent applications and European patents. The Guidelines have been adopted, effective as at 1 June 1978, by the President of the EPO in accordance with . 
The current Guidelines, in force since June 20, 2012, include eight parts, relating respectively to the formalities examination (Part A), the search (Part B), the procedural aspects of substantive examination (Part C), the opposition and limitation/revocation procedures (Part D), general procedural matters (Part E), the European patent application (Part F), patentability (Part G), and the amendments and corrections (Part H).
Legal status.
According to several decisions of the Boards of Appeal of the EPO, the Guidelines are only general instructions intended to cover normal occurrences. An Examining Division can depart from them provided it acted in accordance with the European Patent Convention (EPC). It is normally desirable for Examining Divisions to act in accordance with the Guidelines, but these are not rules of law, so failure to follow a procedure set out in them is not in itself a substantial procedural violation. Nevertheless, the users of the European patent system may reasonably expect, in accordance with the established "principle of the protection of legitimate expectations" (also referred to as "principle of good faith"), that the Guidelines will be followed by the departments of first instance of the EPO.

</doc>
<doc id="20732195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732195" title="Joseph Bernelle">
Joseph Bernelle

Joseph Bernelle (5 October 1785 Versailles, France Versailles, France 7 January 1871 Paris, France) was a French Army officer who commanded the French Foreign Legion during the Carlist War.
Early Years and Grande Armée service.
He was born in 1785 to General Pierre-Antoine and his wife, Lady Marguerite Desnoyers. He entered the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr in 1801 and was commissioned as sous-lieutenant in 1803. He participated in the Italian Campaigns of the French Consulate and First French Empire from 1811. He was present at the Battle of Waterloo. He eventually obtained the rank of Chef de brigade or Colonel and Aide de Camp to General Curial.
The Foreign Legion.
In 1830 the French invaded Algeria and disbanded the seven regiments of Swiss and Germans in the French Army. The Legion was formed on March 10, 1831. The Legion was initially formed of the following battalions.
In Spring of 1835, the French Government handed the use of the Legion to the Spanish Government in order to fight Don Carlos. Colonel Bernelle was given command and the local rank of General. He landed his troops on 17 August 1835 at Tarragona, where had command of 123 officers and 4,000 men. He soon disbanded the nationally organized battalions and embraced the policy of amalgamation, with French as a common tongue. It 1836, Bernelle organized an artillery battery and three squadrons of Polish Lancers. On 24 May 1836, Bernelle and his men, " attacked Carlists threatening the garrison at Zubiri, northeast of Pamplona near Larrasoaña . Fighting in heavy snow the Carlists were driven off with over 100 casualties, and 30 prisoners executed as a reprisal..." On 26 April, they defeated another Carlist force at the Battle of Terapegui, and again at 2nd Zubiri. Despite his successes, Bernelle was withdrawn 'due to complains about the neglect of his men. He was relieved by Colonel Joseph Conrad who was killed in action by the Carlists on 2 June 1837 at the Battle of Barbarasto.

</doc>
<doc id="20732214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732214" title="To Lefty from Willie">
To Lefty from Willie

To Lefty From Willie is a tribute album to Lefty Frizzell recorded in 1977 by country singer Willie Nelson. The album features some of the biggest hits by Frizell like "I Never Go Around Mirrors (I've Got a Heartache to Hide)" and "That's the Way Love Goes".
Rhapsody (online music service) praised the album, calling it one of their favorite cover albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20732255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732255" title="2008 FIFA World Player of the Year">
2008 FIFA World Player of the Year

The 2008 FIFA World Player of the Year awards took place on 12 January 2009 at the Zurich Opera House, Zürich, Switzerland, with Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester United and Portugal taking the men's award, and Marta of Umeå IK (now of Los Angeles Sol) and Brazil taking the women's award for the third year in a row. 
Other awards included the FIFA Development Award, which went to the Palestinian Football Federation for keeping its organisation and national team active; Federation President Jibril Al Rajoub, captain of the men's team Ahmad Kashkash, and women's team captain Honey Thaljiyeh were presented with the award. The Palestinian FA carried out a major refurbishment of the Al-Husseini Stadium, meaning that it met the standards to host an international match, becoming the first stadium in Palestinian territories to achieve this honour. Women's football received the FIFA Presidential Award, with the US team presented with the award (for their achievements), and player Heather O'Reilly collecting it. The FIFA Fair Play Award went to the representatives of the Turkish and Armenian national teams. Prior to a European World Cup qualifying match, the Presidents of the two FAs, Mahmut Özgener (Turkey) and Ruben Hayrapetyan (Armenia) shook hands, which was significant as the countries shared a long history of hostility towards each other.
Shortlists of 23 men and 10 women were announced on 29 October 2008, before being reduced to five men and five women by 12 December 2008. The male nominees were Kaká, Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo, Fernando Torres and Xavi, and the female nominees were Nadine Angerer, Cristiane, Marta, Birgit Prinz and Kelly Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="20732259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732259" title="Water in California">
Water in California

California’s interconnected water system serves over 30 million people and irrigates over of farmland. As the world’s largest, most productive, and most controversial water system, it manages over of water per year.
Water and water rights are among the state's divisive political issues. Lacking reliable dry season rainfall, water is limited in the most populous U.S. state. An ongoing debate is whether the state should increase the redistribution of water to its large agricultural and urban sectors, or increase conservation and preserve the natural ecosystems of the water sources.
Sources of water.
California’s water supply comes from two main sources: surface water, or water that travels or gathers on the ground, like rivers, streams, and lakes; and groundwater, which is water that is pumped out from the ground. California has also begun producing a small amount of desalinated water, water that was once sea water, but has been purified.
Groundwater.
While few often think of the water beneath the surface of the Earth, it is an important element of the water cycle. Water that falls as rain, and then is absorbed into the ground will generally make its way to the water table, or “aquifer”. It is this water from the aquifer that is pumped out of the ground to be used for human purposes. Groundwater is a critical element of the California water supply. During an average year, 40% of the state’s water supply comes from groundwater. In times of intense drought, groundwater consumption can rise to 60% or more.
Over of water, enough to cover California to a depth of is stored in California’s 450 known groundwater reservoirs. However, not all the water is usable. Over half of the groundwater is unavailable due to poor quality and the high cost of pumping the water from the ground. While surface water is concentrated mostly in the northern part of the state, groundwater is more evenly distributed.
The largest groundwater reservoirs are found in the Central Valley. The majority of the supply there is in the form of runoff that seeps into the aquifer. The freshwater is usually found in deposits of gravel, silt, and sand. Below these deposits lies a layer of deep sediment, a relic of the era when the Pacific Ocean covered the area.
Though California has laws governing surface water usage and quality, there exist no statewide groundwater management laws. Each groundwater basin is individually adjudicated to determine water rights. Otherwise, for all practical purposes, land ownership implicitly carries the right to virtually unlimited groundwater pumping.
The large quantity of water beneath the surface has given rise to the misconception that groundwater is a sort of renewable resource that can be limitlessly tapped. While the volume of groundwater is very large, aquifers can be over drafted when groundwater is removed more rapidly than it is replenished. On average, annual over drafting is around across the state, with in the Central Valley. The assumption that groundwater usage is sustainable if the rate of removal equals the rate of recharge is often not correct, because these assumptions often ignore changes in water consumption and water renewal.
Surface water.
California has ten major drainage basins defined for convenience of water management. These basins are divided from one another by the crests of mountains. From north to south the basins are: North Coast, Sacramento River, North Lahontan, San Francisco Bay, San Joaquin River, Central Coast, Tulare Lake, South Lahontan, South Coast, and Colorado River regions. Each region incorporates watersheds from many rivers of similar clime.
Uses of water.
Around 75% of California’s water supply comes from north of Sacramento, while 80% of the water demand occurs in the southern two-thirds of the state.
The majority of California water is used by the agricultural industry. About 80-85% of all developed water in California is used for agricultural purposes. This water irrigates almost , which grows 350 different crops. Urban users consume 10% of the water, or around . Industry receives the remnant of the water supply.
Water distribution.
There are six main systems of aqueducts and infrastructure that redistribute and transport water in California: the State Water Project, the Central Valley Project, several Colorado River delivery systems, the Los Angeles Aqueduct, the Tuolumne River/Hetch Hetchy system, and the Mokelumne Aqueduct.
The State Water Project.
The California State Water Project is the largest multipurpose, state-built water project in the United States. The SWP transports water from the Feather River watershed to agriculture, and some of the water goes to industrial and urban users. More than two-thirds of Californians receive some water from the SWP. In an average year the SWP delivers , but the system has over committed and contracted to deliver .
Twenty-nine agencies hold contracts for SWP water. The contractors pay for SWP’s major operating costs and have gradually reduced the $1.75 billion bond debt that supplied funds for initial construction. In the years since 1960, SWP has built 29 dams, 18 pumping plants, five hydroelectric power plants, and around of canals and pipelines.
The SWP system begins with reservoirs on upper tributaries of the Feather River. Oroville Dam creates the largest SWP reservoir. At above the riverbed, the dam is the tallest in the United States. The reservoir covers and holds .
Water travels from Lake Oroville to the Sacramento River. At Harvey O. Banks Delta Pumping Plant, which pulls SWP water into the Bethany Reservoir, around are extracted from the Delta each year.
Water that flows to the south end of the San Joaquin Valley must be pumped over the Tehachapi Mountains. Because of this, the SWP is California’s largest energy consumer, and even though the hydroelectric plants of the SWP generate 5900 GWh per year, that is only a fraction of the energy needed to lift water over the Tehachapis.
Below the Tehachapis the California Aqueduct splits, with the west branch storing water in Castaic and Pyramid Lake, and the east branch storing water in the Silverwood Lake reservoir.
The Central Valley Project.
The CVP’s original purpose was to tame seasonal flooding and to direct water to the south to irrigate of farmland. The CVP is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation. As one of the largest water systems in the world it stores over of water, or 17 percent of the state’s developed water. The CVP dams and diverts five major rivers: the Trinity, the Sacramento, the American, the Stanislaus, and the San Joaquin.
Friant Dam, on the San Joaquin, was completed in 1944, forming Millerton Lake. This was one of 20 reservoirs in the CVP. Shasta Dam, the largest CVP storage facility, was completed in 1945. At Sacramento, American River water stored by Folsom Dam is added. are annually pumped from the Delta into the Delta-Mendota Canal.
New Melones Dam on the Stanislaus River was finished in 1979, and the reservoir was filled in 1982.
The CVP has generated some controversy about environmental damage, prices charged to farmers, and lax enforcement of farm size limitations. Bureau of Reclamation water was supposed to be used for farms limited to 160 acres (see Homestead Act). Under Spanish and Mexican land grants, however, there were only a few land owners, all of whom owned large tracts of land. A 1982 reform increased CVP area limits to . In 1992, the Central valley Project Improvement Act made fish and wildlife protection and restoration the primary purposes of the CVP. of annual runoff were dedicated to environmental usage, which generated intense controversy. The diversion of the San Joaquin by the CVP made it impossible for over 100,000 salmon to reach spawning grounds.
Colorado River Systems.
The Colorado River is the source of per year for California. Six other states along the river’s watershed (Wyoming, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona) and Mexico, share allocated portions of river water. The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California, or MWD, holds priority water rights on the Colorado. It sells water to 95 percent of the South Coast region.
Lake Mead, formed by Hoover Dam, is the primary reservoir in the Colorado River basin. The Colorado River Aqueduct begins downstream from Hoover Dam, and can carry annually.
An additional system diverts water from the Colorado River at the Imperial Diversion Dam provides waters to the Imperial and Coachella valleys as well as Yuma, Arizona via the Alamo Canal, the Coachella Canal and the All-American Canal, which runs alongside the Mexican border. This system was also responsible for the accidental re-creation of the Salton Sea in 1905.
The Colorado is often over allocated, because apportionments were made on inaccurate measurements of annual runoff. Marc Reisner in ‘’Cadillac Desert’’ said the Colorado is "unable to satisfy all the demands on it, so it is referred to as a ‘deficit’ river, as if the river were somehow at fault for its overuse."
For years California took more than its share of the apportionment, because other states were not prepared to use their entire allotments. MWD became used to excess of water. Pressure from other Colorado river states caused the Secretary of the Interior to order California to show progress towards decreasing its dependency on the excess , or face cuts. The Colorado River Water Use Plan called for Imperial and Coachella Valley agriculture to give up water in order to reallocate within the state.
The plan’s proposals generated much controversy, and the deadline arrived with no agreement reached. The Department of the Interior reduced MWD’s access by .
The Los Angeles Aqueduct.
The Los Angeles Aqueduct carries water from the Eastern Sierra Nevada to Los Angeles. The construction of the aqueduct marked the first major water delivery project in California. The city purchased of land in the Owens Valley in order to gain access to water rights. 
The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power transports of Eastern Sierra Nevada water to the city each year. This growth clearly shows William Mulholland’s observation that “Whoever brings the water, brings the people.”
After four decades of diversion from the Mono Lake area, environmental damage created an environmental battle in the 1980s, with a victory for the Mono Lake proponents in 1994. Other problems arose when dust from the bed of Owens Lake (completely dried up by diversions) became a major source of air pollution in the southern Owens Valley. To restore Mono Lake, correct air-quality law violations, and rewater portions of the Owens River, Los Angeles has begun to reduce its dependence on Eastern Sierra Nevada water. This has mostly been achieved through water conservation. The city enacted a program offering free low-flow toilets to its customers.
Hetch Hetchy Aqueduct.
The Hetch Hetchy Aqueduct carries water from the Tuolumne River to San Francisco and other Bay Area regions. The system starts in Hetch Hetchy Valley, inside Yosemite National Park. The system also generates electricity, which is a major source of revenue for San Francisco. After water leaves Hetch Hetchy, it passes through tunnels towards powerhouses. Three pipes then bring the water across the Central Valley. Concerns about the Hetch Hetchy Aqueduct’s ability to withstand earthquakes led to a $1.7 billion bond, approved by voters in November 2002.
Mokelumne Aqueduct.
The East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD) serves 35 communities in Alameda and Contra Costa Counties, including Berkeley and Oakland.
The Mokelumne River in the central Sierra Nevada is the source for almost all of EBMUD’s water. EBMUD built the Pardee Dam across the Mokelumne in the foothills northeast of Stockton. South of Pardee is Camanche Reservoir, which regulates releases to serve downstream water rights holders.
EBMUD holds almost in the Mokulumne River watershed and in other watersheds. EBMUD also has an American River water right that could be sent to the Mokelumne Aqueduct through the Folsom South Canal. The only time this has been done was during the drought years of 1977-78, when the water was actually pumped from the Delta. This generated controversy, as EBMUD preferred the cleaner water from the American River, but environmentalists and Sacramento had concerns about the impacts such a diversion would have on the river. The legal battle led to affirmation of EBMUD’s water right, but modifications were also negotiated. The intake point was moved downstream, to maintain minimum flows in the American River before it merges with the Sacramento.
North Bay.
Certain municipalities north of San Francisco Bay, including Santa Rosa and Petaluma, are served by the Sonoma County Water Agency. Their primary water source is the Russian River.
The cities of Vallejo, Fairfield, and Vacaville are served by the Solano County Water Agency, which transports water from Lake Berryessa and moves it south along the Putah South Canal. Marin County has the Marin Municipal Water District and the North Marin Water District.
Water rights.
On more than one occasion, the California Supreme Court has noted that “he scope and technical complexity of issues concerning water resource management are unequalled by virtually any other type of activity presented to the courts." An example of this complexity is demonstrated in the case of National Audubon Society v. Superior Court.
Water rights are divided in multiple ways. Water rights to surface water and underground sources are separate. Also, California recognizes four distinct types of water rights to surface water in its statutory and common law: pueblo, riparian, prior appropriation, and water reserved by the U.S. A fifth statutory right also provides area of origin watershed rights.
Surface water rights.
Pueblo water rights.
California recognizes water rights allegedly granted to pueblos (settlements) under the Spanish and Mexican governments, prior to the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. Under the doctrine, pueblos organized under the laws of Mexico or Spain have a water right to all streams and rivers flowing through the city and to all groundwater aquifers underlying the city. Pueblo water rights are superior to all riparian and appropriative rights and cannot be lost by a failure to assert an interest or use the water. In addition, the pueblo's claim expands with the needs of the city and may be used to supply the needs of areas that are later annexed to the city. Los Angeles and San Diego are the only original pueblos to exercise their pueblo water rights in the courts.
Pueblo water rights are controversial. Some modern scholars and courts argue that the pueblo water rights doctrine lacks a historical basis in Spanish or Mexican water law.
Riparian water rights.
Under the riparian doctrine, "the owner of land has the right to divert the water flowing by his land for use upon his land, without regard to the extent of such use or priority in time." "iparians on a stream system are vested with a common ownership such that in times of water shortage all riparians must reduce their usage proportionately." To accommodate gold mining, the doctrine of appropriation was incorporated into California water law.
Riparian rights, however, continue to be acquired through ownership of land contiguous to the watercourse.
Water rights by prior appropriation.
“The appropriation doctrine confers upon one who actually diverts and uses water the right to do so provided that the water is used for reasonable and beneficial uses,” regardless of whether that person owns land contiguous to the watercourse. In addition, all appropriative rights are subordinate to riparians or earlier appropriators. In times of shortage riparians are entitled to fulfill their needs before appropriators are entitled to any use of the water. "And, as between appropriators, the rule of priority is 'first in time, first in right.'" Beginning in 1914, a statutory scheme has provided the exclusive method of acquiring appropriation rights through the California State Water Resources Control Board.
The modern system of prior appropriation water rights followed by California is characterized by five principles:
Beneficial use is defined as agricultural, industrial, or urban use. Environmental uses, such as maintaining body of water and the wildlife that use it, were not initially regarded as beneficial uses in some states but have been accepted in some areas. 
Every water right is parameterized by an annual yield and an appropriation date. When a water right is sold, it maintains its original appropriation date.
Water reserved by the United States.
Lands reserved by the United States government are accompanied by a corresponding reservation of water rights for as much water is needed to fulfill the purpose for which the reservation was made. Such reservations were made on behalf of native American tribes, national parks, monuments, and forests. Water rights reserved by the United States are defined by and controlled by federal law. And because reserved water rights are not riparian nor appropriative, they may conflict with state law.
Area of origin watershed rights.
California provides communities and other water users within watersheds senior status over appropriative water rights in limited circumstances.
Area of origin water rights parallel pueblo water rights. In both cases, water is reserved for future growth of the local community. In other words, appropriations may be subject to a water rights claim from people/government in the area of origin. That later claim would be senior despite its temporal disconnect. As a result of its pueblo rights, Los Angeles has rights to all or almost all water from the Los Angeles River. In the same way, communities along major water sources such as the Sacramento River theoretically have senior water rights to support growth despite a downstream user holding otherwise senior appropriative water rights.
Area of origin laws were passed in reaction to the controversies related to Los Angeles diverting water from the Owens Valley. Despite being on the books for generations, the area of origin statutes were not used until 2000. In addition, there currently are no court opinions regarding area of origin watershed rights.
Adjudication.
Since under the law, landowners can extract as much groundwater from their property as they can put to beneficial use, adjudication was used to determine who had the right to pump how much and to audit such usage. The courts appoint water masters to audit usage and otherwise enforce water rights, who are often management boards, the federal United States Department of the Interior, the California Department of Water Resources, or an individual.
Disputes and controversies.
The California Water Wars, a struggle between Los Angeles and the Owens Valley for water rights, is one of the most well-known examples of the lengths people will go to in order to secure adequate water supplies. The city of Los Angeles bought of land in the Owens Valley, and thus obtained water rights for a good deal of the water there. The diverting of so much water from the valley transformed it from an agricultural valley into a dust bowl.
The O'Shaughnessy Dam was the subject of controversy when it was reported by the San Francisco Bay Guardian that the city of San Francisco sold roughly 500 megawatts of power to the PG&E, supposedly in violation of the Raker Act, which specifies that because the source of water and power was on public land, no private profit could be gained from the dam. Whether or not the Raker Act is indeed being violated is still a matter of controversy.
The creation of so many dams in California in order to enact a pragmatic water supply program has been met with criticism from some environmentalists, who have decried the negative effects of dams on ecosystems, particularly on migratory fish populations.
Planning and management.
The California state agency responsible for water planning is the California Department of Water Resources.
California water plans.
There have been several documents known as the "California Water Plan", with the most recent being published in 2009. Before the State of California started drafting comprehensive plans for the management of water in the state, the earliest plan for water distribution in California was an 1873 report. This was followed by a 1919 report called ""Irrigation of Twelve Million Acres in the Valley of California"." The 1919 report is this first comprehensive plan, and is often called the "Marshall Plan", after its author Col. Robert Bradford Marshall. There have been many subsequent water plans and water plan updates, which were often issued as California Department of Water Resources bulletins.
Predicted need for increased water supplies.
It is projected that California’s population will be almost 50 million people in the year 2020. If the prediction comes true and there is no action to increase the water supply, the difference between water demand and supply would be between 2 and in the year 2020. Over the past 5 years California voters have approved $3 billion in bonds for water development and management. Many of these projects are incorporated in the CALFED Bay-Delta program, a federal-state program designed to reduce water supply conflicts. In August 2000 the state and federal governments approved the CALFED plan for water quality, water conservation and recycling, watershed administration, ecosystem re-establishment, delta levees, surface and groundwater storage, water transportation, and science. The plan has a 30-year implementation period and designed to incorporate changes in conditions and knowledge about the effects of specific projects. Stage 1 was initiated in 2000 and was designed as a 7-year program. The cost is estimated to be $8.7 billion. Stage 1 water yield within the next 7 to 10 years is estimated to be per year. As part of Stage 1, an Environmental Water Account was established through the purchase of of water. The EWA is used to protect fish and other wildlife without reducing water allocations to farms and municipalities.
Archives relating to California water.
The California Water Documents collection in the Claremont Colleges Digital Library is a valuable online resource of archived materials related to California’s water history. Topics encompassed in the collection include: water quality, flood control, water distribution, water conservation, water usage, drought, and geology. Additionally, the collection has digitized materials relating to the creation and operation of both the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project as well as their component units. The items represented in the Claremont Colleges Digital Library are part of a larger collection entitled the Water Resources Collection in Special Collections at Claremont Colleges’ Honnold/Mudd Library. The Water Resources Collection was started in the 1930s by Librarian Willis Holmes Kerr and Librarian and Claremont Colleges’ Trustee John Treanor. These librarians’ interest in California’s water problem led them to start collecting a variety of documents related to water history and usage from around the state. It includes reports of engineers, annual reports and minute books of boards of directors of water companies, documents of federal and state governments, promotional pamphlets, and newspaper clippings. Most of the documents focus on the water history from the first half of the 20th century, but there are additional, more recent publications included, which have been donated by Claremont Graduate University Professor Merrill Goodall. The California Water Documents collection is currently a work in progress at the Claremont Colleges Digital Library.
The Water Resources Collections and Archives is located at the University of California, Riverside and features a comprehensive collection of water-resource related documents.

</doc>
<doc id="20732264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732264" title="San Diego Film Critics Society Awards 2008">
San Diego Film Critics Society Awards 2008

13th SDFCS Awards<br>
December 15, 2008
Best Film: <br>
Slumdog Millionaire
Best Director: <br>
Danny Boyle<br>
"Slumdog Millionaire"
The 13th San Diego Film Critics Society Awards were announced on December 15, 2008.
Winners and nominees.
Best Actor.
Mickey Rourke - "The Wrestler" as Randy "The Ram" Robinson
Best Actress.
Kate Winslet - "The Reader" as Hanna Schmitz 
Best Animated Film.
WALL•E
Best Cast.
Frost/Nixon
Best Cinematography.
"Slumdog Millionaire" - Anthony Dod Mantle
Best Director.
Danny Boyle - "Slumdog Millionaire"
Best Documentary Film.
Man on Wire
Best Editing.
Slumdog Millionaire
Best Film.
Slumdog Millionaire
Best Foreign Language Film.
Let the Right One In (Låt den rätte komma in) • Sweden
Best Production Design.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Best Score.
"Slumdog Millionaire" - A.R. Rahman
Best Screenplay - Adapted.
"Slumdog Millionaire" - Simon Beaufoy
Best Screenplay - Original.
"The Visitor" - Tom McCarthy
Best Supporting Actor.
Heath Ledger - "The Dark Knight" as The Joker (posthumous)
Best Supporting Actress.
Marisa Tomei - "The Wrestler" as Cassidy/Pam

</doc>
<doc id="20732285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732285" title="Aston Merrygold">
Aston Merrygold

Aston Iain Merrygold (born 13 February 1988) is a British singer, songwriter, dancer and television personality. He is best known for being a member of the British boyband JLS who were the runners-up to Alexandra Burke in the fifth series of "The X Factor". After a successful 5 years, JLS split in December 2013. In 2013, Merrygold became a judge on the British dance talent show "Got to Dance".
As of November 2013, Aston is currently working on his debut solo album.
Early life.
Merrygold was born on 13 February 1988 to a Jamaican father and an Anglo-Irish mother, who split up when Merrygold was very young. He is one of seven children: he has five brothers and one sister between his biological and step parents. He was born and raised in Peterborough by his mother Siobhan and step dad Orjan, where he attended Jack Hunt School. Merrygold was racially bullied at school. Merrygold stated that he loved to dance and perform and certain TV appearances got him into singing. Through auditions he met future band member Marvin Humes and they stayed in contact.
Whilst still attending secondary school, he played football on behalf of England in the European Youth Games. His initial aspiration was to play football professionally, however, after developing a nerve problem in his left foot, he tried singing and acting instead. He used to do sideways backflips as a goal celebration; they took him 30 minutes to learn how to do them properly.
In 2002, he entered "Stars in Their Eyes" where he appeared as Michael Jackson, singing "Rockin' Robin". He came in second. Shortly after Merrygold took on a job as entertainer at Pop Star Studios in Fletton Peterborough, eventually leaving to follow his musical career. Merrygold performed in school productions and, after leaving school in 2004, was cast in a new ITV programme, "Fun Song Factory" longside Children's TV presenter Laura Hamilton.
JLS.
Acquaintance Marvin Humes had already successfully auditioned to become a member of boyband "UFO", (later JLS), formed by Oritse Williams when Humes encouraged Aston to audition. Williams thought Merrygold would be a good addition to the group based on his athletic ability. Aston went by the stage name "L.K.". Jonathan Benjamin "JB" Gill was recruited soon after, and they later changed their name to JLS, which was thought up by Marvin's girlfriend at the time.
In 2008, they auditioned for the fifth series of "The X Factor", where they went on to become the runners-up, finishing second to Alexandra Burke.
After the show JLS went on to sign with record label Epic Records They are one of the most successful groups ever to come out of "The X Factor", alongside 2010's One Direction. The band have released four studio albums ("JLS", "Outta This World", "Jukebox", and Evolution (JLS Album)) and have had five number ones to date along with four top ten singles, one top twenty single and have sold more than 10 million records worldwide. JLS also had their very own film "JLS: eyes wide open" which broke many box office records at the time. On 24 April 2013, JLS announced they were to split after their final UK arena tour titled "Goodbye The Greatest Hits Tour". On the 22nd of December 2013 JLS performed for the last time, however Merrygold struggled to sing his lines to Everybody in love, the last song, as he was to overcome with emotion and broke down in tears.
Solo career.
Aston decided to go solo after JLS officially split, and is currently working on his solo album. Jason Derulo has expressed interest in working with Aston on his debut album.
Aston plans on debuting the album in the United States first.
In January Aston announced on his twitter that he would start posting cover videos on YouTube. On the 1st of February a 15 second snippet of Merrygold covering As long as you love me by Justin Bieber was posted on his Instagram account, along with solo artwork.
Got To Dance.
In August 2012, Merrygold was confirmed as a judge on the fourth series of the Sky1 dance talent show "Got to Dance" and would appear alongside Diversity dancer Ashley Banjo and former Pussycat dolls member Kimberly Wyatt. As well as being a judge he performed on the show, dancing and singing. Merrygold said the expirience had been "Inspiring". In 2014 it was confirmed that he would not be returning to the show due to other commitments.
Personal life.
Merrygold is a supporter of Arsenal F.C.
He has many tattoos including 3 stars on the right side of his neck and a music note on his back. In 2011, Merrygold's close childhood friend Lisa died aged 21 as a result of a car accident. As a tribute to his late friend, Merrygold got her face tattooed on his forearm.
One of his childhood friends is Olympic silver medalist Louis Smith.
He sites Michael Jackson as his main inspiration as well as Will Smith.
Before The X Factor, Merrygold dated former The Bill and Eastenders actress Louisa Lytton. 
As of June 2012, Merrygold is dating backing dancer Sarah Richards.
Other Ventures.
'"Product and endorsements
In september 2010 an "Aston doll" was launched, alongside the other 3 members of JLS. Updated dolls were produced for the launch of JLS' 2nd Album "Outta This World".
Durex teamed up with JLS to produce a condom range called "Just Love Safe", with each member of the group having their own box. Aston branded boxes sold the most. JLS also released they're iconic hoodie range.
In 2010 Merrygold alongside Gill, Humes and Williams endorsed Nintendo Wii Party apearing in 7 different TV adverts. JLS were also part of the Walkers crisps "Make sandwich more exciting" advertising campaign. This resulted in the band doing a surprise performance at Sandwich Technology School, which appeared on the TV advert alongside other celebrities such as Gary Lineker, Pamela Anderson and Jenson Button.
Whilst still a member of JLS, Merrygold alone appeared on TV adverts for Coca-Cola in the UK promoting their 'Share a Coke' range.
Philanthropy
JLS founded "The JLS Foundation", a foundation that sets out to raise money for 6 different charities: Cancer Research UK, Rays of Sunshine, Brook, Childline, Beat Bullying and the MS Society. Despite the bands split, the foundation still remains active.
Aston is an ambassador for the charity Beatbullying, a cause he feels strongly about after enduring racial bullying growing up.
Merrygold has appeared on every Children in need night since 2010. All sales from the JLS number one single Love You More (JLS song) went to Children In Need. In 2011 Merrygold did a VT for the charity in which he met 7 year old Emily who suffers from Osteogenesis imperfecta. In 2012 JLS performed at the "Children In Need Rocks Manchester" concert performing Take a Chance on Me (JLS song). In 2013, Merrygold appeared on Children In Need for the last time as a member of JLS where the group sang a medley of JLS songs at the BBC One soap opera Eastenders set.
JLS also helped raise money for Comic Relief, appearing in comedy sketches with both Miranda Hart and James Corden.
In 2012, JLS visited Uganda for Sport Relief, and appearing in VT's throughout the show. In the same year, JLS also released the official Sport Relief charity single proud (JLS song) which peaked at number 6 in the chart, as well as hosting a special charity concert "JLS sing for Sport Relief" and doing the Sport Relief Mile.
In total, JLS have appeared in 5 charity singles: A cover of Hero (Mariah Carey song) as part of the X Factor 2008 finalists (for Help for Heroes), Wishing On A Star Xfactor finalists ft. JLS and One Direction (For organization Together for Short Lives) Love You More (JLS song) (for Children In Need), Proud (JLS song) (for Sport Relief) and Everybody hurts (for Helping Haiti). 4 out of 5 of these charity singles got to number one on the UK singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20732290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732290" title="1998 Big 12 Championship Game">
1998 Big 12 Championship Game

The 1998 Big 12 Championship Game was played on December 5, 1998 at The Trans World Dome in St. Louis, Missouri, United States. The game determined the 1998 football champion of the Big 12 Conference. The Texas A&M Aggies, winners of the South division of the Big 12, narrowly beat the Kansas State Wildcats, who won the North division, by a score of 36-33 in double overtime. This was the first time the two teams met in the Big 12 Championship Game. Texas A&M would not win the South Division again until the 2010 season, when they shared it with Oklahoma and Oklahoma State. Kansas State went on to win the North in 2000 and 2003, when they also beat Oklahoma to capture their first conference title since 1934.
The Wildcats were coached by Bill Snyder. They came into the game with a 11-0 record, including a 8-0 record in Big 12 play. The Aggies were coached by R. C. Slocum. Texas A&M went into the game with an 10-2 record including a 7-1 mark in conference play.
Leading up to the game.
The Wildcats were undefeated heading into the game, only needing a win to secure a spot in the National Championship game after UCLA had already lost the same day. 
Texas A&M was just coming off of a loss in the previous week to their bitter rival, the Texas Longhorns, 26-24. The loss did not stop the Aggies from winning the South Division, and set them up with a match-up with the North Division Champion and #1 (Coaches Poll) team in the country, Kansas State.
Game summary.
No. 10 nationally Texas A&M rebounded from a 27-12 fourth-quarter deficit to edge top-ranked Kansas State 36-33 in double overtime. 
Running back Sirr Parker scored 14 points on a pair of touchdown catches and a two-point conversion, rallying the Aggies to a 24-point surge in the final 9:20 of regulation and the extra periods. 
Parker’s unlikely 32-yard reception for the winning TD on a 3rd-and-17 situation for Texas A&M in the final overtime capped an evening of surprising developments for both teams. The final six-pointer also gave the Aggies their first football win in history over a team ranked first nationally at the time of the contest. 
Texas A&M had trouble finding the end zone in the first half against the Wildcats’ defense, as KSU built a 17-6 halftime advantage. A pair of Russell Bynum field goals helped offset a brilliant passing performance by KSU quarterback Michael Bishop, who was 8-of-8 passing for 159 yards and a pair of TDs in the opening 30 minutes. Tight end Justin Swift was a favorite target as he made three catches for 47 yards and one score. 
Linebacker Dat Nguyen led the Aggie defense with an interception to go along with a championship-most 17 total tackles. The pilfer led to a 57-yard Aggies’ scoring drive, capped by a two-yard scoring plunge by A&M freshman fullback Ja’Mar Toombs. 
Quarterback Branndon Stewart reeled off 245 passing yards on 11-of-20 aerial work and two touchdowns in the final quarter and two overtime periods, as the Aggies mounted the greatest comeback in the brief history of the Big 12 Championship. 
The two teams traded field goals in the first overtime session, with Bynum hitting from 18 yards and Gramatica connected from 22 yards. 
In the second overtime, KSU drove to the eight-yard line on four rushing plays of 17 yards. The Wildcats put one more field goal on the board for a 33-30 lead. Texas A&M then converted as Parker caught the pass from Stewart and eluded one tackler before lunging over the pylon in the right corner for the winning score.
Scoring summary.
First Quarter 
KSU (0-3) - Martin Gramatica 47-yard field goal; 6:31 
KSU (0-10) - Justin Swift 15-yard pass from Michael Bishop, (Gramatica kick); 2:02 
Second Quarter 
A&M (3-10) - Russell Bynum 25-yard field goal; 11:00 
KSU (3-17) - Darnell McDonald 66-yard pass from Bishop (Gramatica kick); 10:37 
A&M (6-17) - Bynum 26-yard field goal; 4:16 
Third Quarter 
A&M (12-17) - Ja’Mar Toombs 2-yard run (Pass failed); 8:42 
KSU (12-20) - Gramatica 45-yard field goal; 4:31 
KSU (12-27) - Bishop 5-yard run (Gramatica kick); 0:40 
Fourth Quarter 
A&M (19-27) - Leroy Hodge 13-yard pass from Branndon Stewart (Bynum kick); 9:20 
A&M (27-27) - Sirr Parker 9-yard pass from Stewart (Parker pass from Stewart); 1:05 
First Overtime
A&M (30-27) - Bynum 18-yard field goal 
KSU (30-30) - Gramatica 22-yard field goal 
Second Overtime 
KSU (30-33) - Gramatica 25-yard field goal 
A&M (36-33) - Parker 32-yard pass from Stewart
After the game.
The Aggies went on to win the game in double overtime, and earning a berth in the Sugar Bowl, where they went on to lose to #3 Ohio State, 24-14.
The Wildcats, anticipating a major bowl bid, fell all the way to the Alamo Bowl, losing to the Purdue Boilermakers, 37-34.

</doc>
<doc id="20732298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732298" title="Business rule mining">
Business rule mining

Business rule mining is the process of extracting essential intellectual business logic in the form of Business Rules from packaged or Legacy software applications, recasting them in natural or formal language, and storing them in a source rule repository for further analysis or forward engineering. The goal is to capture these legacy business rules in a way that the business can validate, control and change them over time. 
Overview.
Business rule mining supports a Business rules approach, which is defined as a formal way of managing and automating an organization's business rules so that the business behaves and evolves as its leaders intend. 
It is also commonly conducted as part of an application modernization project evolving legacy software applications to service oriented architecture (SOA) solutions, transitioning to packaged software, redeveloping new in-house applications, or to facilitate knowledge retention and communication between business and IT professionals in a maintenance environment.
Alternative Approaches.
Alternative approaches to rule mining are manual and automated. 
A manual approach involves the hand-writing of rules on the basis of subject matter expert interviews and the inspection of source code, job flows, data structures and observed behavior. 
Manually extracting rules is complicated by the difficulty of locating and understanding highly interdependent logic that has been interwoven into millions of lines of software code. 
An automated approach utilizes repository-based software to locate logical connections inherent within applications and extract them into a predetermined business rules format.
With automation, an effective approach is to apply semantic structures to existing applications. By overlaying business contexts onto legacy applications, rules miners can focus effort on discovering rules from systems that are valuable to the business. Effort is redirected away from mining commoditized or irrelevant applications. 
Further, best practices coupled with various tool-assisted techniques of capturing programs’ semantics speeds the transformation of technical rules to true business rules. Adding business semantics to the analysis process allows users to abstract technical concepts and descriptors that are normal in an application to a business level that is consumable by a rules analyst. 
System integrators, software vendors, rules mining practitioners, and in-house development teams have developed technologies, proprietary methodologies and industry-specific templates for application modernization and business rule mining.

</doc>
<doc id="20732300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732300" title="Ashley Swearengin">
Ashley Swearengin

Ashley Emile Swearengin (née Newton) (born May 24, 1972) is the Mayor of Fresno, California and is Fresno's second female mayor. She was elected in a runoff election on November 4, 2008.
Early life and education.
Swearengin was born in Texas and raised in Arkansas. Her family moved to Fresno in 1987. She graduated from Fresno Christian High School and California State University, Fresno. She has Bachelor of Science and Master of Business Administration degrees.
Early political career.
In 2000, she was nominated to become Director of Community and Economic Development at Fresno State University.
In 2002, she co-founded the Regional Jobs Initiative (RJI), an industry-focused effort aimed at helping the unemployment in Fresno County. She served as the Chief Operations Officer.
In 2005, she became lead executive for the California Partnership for the San Joaquin Valley, a group formed by Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. Today, she serves as the deputy chair of the Partnership’s board of directors.
Mayor of Fresno.
Elections.
In 2008, she ran for Mayor of Fresno, California. Swearengin campaigned on the four "priority issues" of Jobs and Education; Safe, Quality Neighborhoods; Effective and Responsive Government; and Regional Leadership. She defeated Henry T. Perea 54%-45%.
In 2012, she won re-election to a second term with 75% of the vote, defeating four other candidates.
Tenure.
In her first week in office, she and Police Chief, Jerry Dyer introduced Operation Monitor: designed to allow GPS tracking devices on registered sex offenders even after they're released from parole. She inherited a difficult budget shortfall. She stated "I don't think anybody thought that within an 11 month window we'd have to close a $55 million dollar budget shortfall. When I started this job the general fund was $255 million dollars. So a $55 million dollar hole is significant for an organization of our size."
In March 2012, Ashley Swearengin announced that the City was facing a fiscal emergency because of the state's continued economic troubles combined with high cost contracts for certain segments of the city's labor force. A USA Today listed Fresno among 10 cities that could follow Stockton and Vallejo into Chapter 9 bankruptcy.
The unemployment level of the city of Fresno is 12.5%, and has fallen since Mayor Swearengin came into office. She proposed a plan called "Fresno's First Steps Home," which will battle chronic homelessness in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20732323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732323" title="Hua County">
Hua County

Hua County may refer to three county-level divisions of the People's Republic of China:

</doc>
<doc id="20732356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732356" title="Talut">
Talut

Talut is the Qur'anic name for Saul. Talut is mentioned in Sura 2 (The Cow), verses 246-251, as a king appointed by God to rule over the Children of Israel. The Qur'an then describes him leading a few of his men (those who kept faith) into battle against the warriors of Goliath, who is slain by David.
Talut is also mentioned in the Hadith literature thus: "Narrated Al-Bara: The companions of (the Prophet) Muhammad who took part in Badr, told me that their number was that of Saul's (i.e. Talut's) companions who crossed the river (of Jordan) with him and they were over three-hundred-and-ten men. By Allah, none crossed the river with him but a believer."

</doc>
<doc id="20732372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732372" title="Muhammed Hamdi Yazır">
Muhammed Hamdi Yazır

Muhammed Hamdi Yazır also known as Elmalılı Hamdi Yazır and Elmalılı (1878, Antalya - 27 May 1942, İstanbul) was a Turkish theologian, logician, Qur'an translator, Qur'anic exegesis scholar, Islamic legal academic, philosopher and encyclopedist.
Early life.
He was born in 1878, in Elmalı district of Antalya province, then in the Ottoman Empire, and now in Turkey. He is nicknamed after his birthplace: Elmalılı. Elmalılı means "from Elmalı" or "born in Elmalı" in Turkish. His father, Hoca Numan Efendi, who is also a scholar of Islam, was from the Yazır village of Gölhisar district of Burdur province, then in the Ottoman Empire, and now in Turkey. He is from Yazir sub-brunch of Oghuz brunch of Turkish nation. Hoca Numan Efendi -father of Yazir- went to Elmalı district of Antalya for education when he was a child and settled there. Hoca Numan Efendi worked as a head clerk of lawsuit of the district. Yazır's mother Fatma Hanım was the daughter of Esad Efendi, who was a scholar of Islam living in Elmalı.
Education.
After completing primary and secondary education in Elmalı, for studying Islam sciences, in 1885, Yazır went to İstanbul which was the capital city of Ottoman Empire at that time. He completed his university education in Bayezid Madrasah. Then he competed posterrior education in Mekteb-i Nuvvab and became a "Qadi" (judge). He also received Islamic calligraphy courses from Sami Efendi and Bakkal Arif Efendi. He learned Arabic, Persian, and French during his education. His was as fluent in French as in Arabic. He translated some French books to Turkish.
Career.
Muhammed Hamdi Yazır became a "Qadi" (judge) via competed his education in Mekteb-i Nuvvab. He worked as a full-time academic in Bayezid Madrasah from 1905 to 1908. Then, he get in the service of Sheikh ul-Islam and started lecturing in Mekteb-i Mülkiye, Medreset-ul-Vaizin and Süleymaniye Madrasah. He gave "judgement of estates in mortmain" courses in Mekteb-i Mülkiye, logic courses in Süleymaniye Madrasah and fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) in Medreset-ul-Vaizin (madrasah of preachers). He also served in the "Darü'l-Hikmeti'l-İslâmiye" (high council of consultation working for Sheikh ul-Islam). After a while he became the president of the council.
Political life.
When he was working in service of Sheikh ul-Islam, Committee of Union and Progress prepared a coup against the Sultan Abdul Hamid II. Yazir wrote the symbolic fatwa for the termination of the reign of Abdul Hamid II. He became a member of the senate of the Ottoman Parliament for Antalya. He strongly opposed Committee of Union and Progress which hold a nationalist and militarist position.
When the republic was founded he was giving logic courses in "Medrese-t-ül Mütehassisin" (a postgraduate school). When Kemal's government abolished the madrasahs he withdrew into solitude. He studied for 20 years in solitude. He died of cardiac deficiency on 27 May 1942 in Erenköy district of Istanbul (Al-Fatiha). He is buried in "Sahrayı Cedit Mezarlığı" (Sahrayı Cedit Cemetery) in Kadıköy in İstanbul.
Works.
Muhammed Hamdi Yazır worked on logic, philosophy, Islamic jurisprudence, and Islamic theology. In his philosophical works he opposed Western opinion that human mind is enough for reaching absolut truth. He hold the position that faith and mind together are capable of comprehending truth. He worked on Qur'anic exegesis in Maturidi context. He also worked on a dictionary of law. Additionally he translated western papers into Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="20732393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732393" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 41 (2006)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 41 (2006)

Oregon ballot measure 41 was one of two unsuccessful ballot measures sponsored by the Taxpayers Association of Oregon (TAO) on the November 7, 2006 general election ballot. If passed it would have allowed a state income tax deduction equal to Federal exemptions deduction to substitute for state exemption credit on a persons state income tax filing.
Background.
To determine taxable income for federal personal income tax, taxpayers generally may claim deduction ($3,100 maximum in 2004) for each exemption; exemption exists for taxpayer, spouse, each dependent. For state income tax purposes, taxpayers currently may not claim deductions based on federal return's exemptions but may subtract exemption credit ($151 in 2004, multiplied by number of federally allowed exemptions) from state income tax liability. Measure 41 was an Initiated state statute ballot measure which would have authorized a deduction on state income tax return for each dependent, taxpayer, and spouse claimed as exemption on federal return. The deduction was stipulated that it shall be no less than total deduction for all exemptions on federal return. An exemption credit may have been substituted for the deduction if lower tax resulted. It would have reduced revenue available for state expenditures and provided no replacement revenue. It was similar to Ballot Measure 88, rejected in the general election of 2000.
Description of the Measure.
Ballot Measure 41 would have changed how state income taxes are calculated. Currently, Oregon taxpayers may take a personal exemption tax credit ($154 for 2005) for each exemption allowed under federal tax law. Typically a taxpayer may take a credit for him or herself, a spouse and each dependent. A tax credit is a dollar-for-dollar reduction in the amount of taxes owed. This tax credit is adjusted for the cost of living each year.
The Measure would have given Oregon taxpayers the option of taking a tax deduction equal to the amount deducted on federal taxes. In contrast to a tax credit, a tax deduction is an amount that is subtracted from gross income to determine the amount of income that is subject to tax, or "taxable income." Currently, federal law allows taxpayers to take a deduction ($3,200 in 2005) for each personal exemption allowed under federal law. Typical exemptions are for the taxpayer, the spouse and dependents. The federal personal income exemption is adjusted for the cost of living each year.
This Measure would have permitted a taxpayer to claim either the new deduction created in this Measure or the existing personal exemption credit, if the existing credit would result in a lower tax for the taxpayer.
Existing federal law sets forth many exemptions from federal income tax that are unrelated to the deduction for personal exemptions. Measure 41 provided that the new state deduction shall not be less than the total amount of the deduction allowed for all exemptions on the taxpayer federal tax return but does not contain a definition of all exemptions.
The Measure stated that a repeal, delay in implementation or decrease in the amount of the deduction allowed would be subject to existing provisions of the Oregon Constitution requiring a supermajority vote for tax increases and prohibiting a bill regulating taxation or exemption from taking effect immediately following enactment through a declaration of an emergency.
The fiscal impact of the measure would have been a reduction of general fund revenue for a variety of state funded programs. The impact would have been greater each successive year because the federal deduction is indexed for inflation. Given as an example at the time the measure was purposed, if passed it would reduce tax revenue for 2006, and it may have an impact on then current departmental and agency budgets. A change in revenue may also have had an impact on the 2007 personal kicker.
Election results.
Measure 41 was rejected, winning 43.5% of the vote (576,153 votes out of 1,325,557.)
TAO, the main organized support for the measure received 94% of its funding from Illinois-based Americans for Limited Government, which sponsored similar measures in numerous states in 2006. Opposing groups also pooled their resources in pushing for the defeat of both Measures 41 and 48, spending $1.9 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20732403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732403" title="Office of Population Affairs">
Office of Population Affairs

The Office of Population Affairs (OPA), a part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services within the Office of Public Health and Science, serves as the focal point to advise the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for Health on a wide range of reproductive health topics, including adolescent pregnancy, family planning, and sterilization, as well as other population issues. Created by an Act of Congress in 1970 (Public Law 91-572, 84 Stat. 1504, Dec. 24. 1970), the Office of Population Affairs, under the direction of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Population Affairs (DASPA), has three component offices responsible for the oversight of program functions: Office of Family Planning, Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs, and Office of Research and Evaluation.
Office of Family Planning.
The Title X Family Planning program "Population Research and Voluntary Family Planning Programs" (), was enacted in 1970 as Title X of the Public Health Service Act. Title X is the only federal grant program dedicated solely to providing individuals with comprehensive family planning and related preventive health services. The Title X program is designed to provide access to contraceptive services, supplies and information to all who want and need them. By law, priority is given to persons from low-income families.
The Title X Family Planning program is administered within the Office of Public Health and Science, Office of Population Affairs (OPA) by the Office of Family Planning (OFP). In fiscal year 2008, Congress appropriated approximately $299 million for family planning activities supported under Title X. At least 90 percent of the appropriation is used for clinical family planning services as described in the statute and regulations (45 CFR Part 59).
In fiscal year 2008, 88 Title X grantees provided family planning services to approximately five million women and men through a network of more than 4,400 community-based clinics that include State and local health departments, tribal organizations, hospitals, university health centers, independent clinics, community health centers, faith-based organizations, and other public and private nonprofit agencies. In approximately 75% of U.S. counties, there is at least one clinic that receives Title X funds and provides services as required under the Title X statute.
Since inception, Title X family planning clinics have played a critical role in ensuring access to a broad range of family planning and related preventive health services for millions of low-income or uninsured individuals and others. In addition to contraceptive services and related counseling, Title X-supported clinics provide a number of related preventive health services such as: patient education and counseling; breast and pelvic examinations; breast and cervical cancer screening according to nationally recognized standards of care; sexually transmitted disease (STD) and Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) prevention education, counseling, testing and referral; and pregnancy diagnosis and counseling. By law, Title X funds may not be used in programs where abortion is a method of family planning.
The Title X program also supports three key functions, authorized under the Title X statute aimed at improving the quality of family planning services and assisting clinics with responding to client needs. These functions include: (1) training for family planning clinic personnel through ten regional general training programs and three national training programs that focus on clinical training, enhancing quality family planning services for males, and/or coordination of training activities on the national level; (2) data collection and family planning research aimed at improving the delivery of family planning services; and, (3) information dissemination and community based education and outreach activities. These functions help to ensure that family planning services are evidence-based and of high quality.
The Title X family planning program is intended to assist individuals in determining the number and spacing of their children. This promotes positive birth outcomes and healthy families. The education, counseling, and medical services available in Title X-funded clinic settings assist couples in achieving these goals.
Adolescent Family Life.
The Adolescent Family Life (AFL) Demonstration and Research program, created in 1981 as Title XX of the Public Health Service Act, supports both demonstration and research grants. Within OPA, the Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs (OAPP) is responsible for administering the program. In fiscal year 2008, the AFL program was funded at $29.8 million.
The AFL program supports demonstration projects to develop, implement and evaluate program interventions to promote abstinence from sexual activity among adolescents and to provide comprehensive health care, education and social services to pregnant and parenting adolescents. The program supports two basic types of demonstration projects: (1) prevention demonstration projects to develop, test, and use curricula that provide education and activities designed to encourage adolescents to postpone sexual activity until marriage, and (2) care demonstration projects to develop interventions with pregnant and parenting teens, their infants, male partners, and family members in an effort to ameliorate the effects of too-early-childbearing for teen parents, their babies and their families. The AFL program also funds grants to support research on the causes and consequences of adolescent premarital sexual relations, adolescent pregnancy and parenting.
The Title XX funds not only help the teens and families they serve directly, but also provide valuable information and evaluation findings that can serve as a basis for future strategies. Every program that receives AFL grant funds is required to include an independent evaluation component. This ensures that the lessons learned by each community will benefit others in the future.
In addition, to ensure that all AFL project staff at the local level have the necessary skills and training to implement these programs, the AFL program conducts numerous technical assistance workshops annually to train front line care and prevention project staff to provide more comprehensive services to their clients.
In 2008, the AFL program supported 66 demonstration projects across the country. These projects consisted of 35 prevention programs and 31 care programs.
Research and Evaluation.
Within the Office of Population Affairs (OPA), the Office of Research and Evaluation (ORE) oversees research and evaluation activities supported by the Title X Family Planning program and the Title XX Adolescent Family Life program. Each program has legislative authority to conduct research; program implementation and related research in the case of Title X and research on the causes and consequences of adolescent premarital sexual relations and pregnancy in the case of Title XX. The Title XX statute also requires an independent evaluation of all funded demonstration projects and these evaluations are overseen by ORE staff, as are other research and evaluation activities undertaken by OPA in collaboration with other Federal agencies.
Budget.
Family Planning Program
In fiscal year 2008, Congress appropriated approximately $299 million for family planning activities supported under Title X. At least 90 percent of the appropriation is used for clinical family planning services as described in the statute and regulations (45 CFR Part 59).
Adolescent Family Life Program
In fiscal year 2008, Congress appropriated $29.8 million for the program.
To view the 2008 HHS Budget plan, please visit [http://www.hhs.gov/budget/08budget/2008BudgetInBrief.pdf].
For additional HHS budget information, please visit the HHS Office of Budget.

</doc>
<doc id="20732461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732461" title="Woodbrook House">
Woodbrook House

Woodbrook House is situated in the townland of Usna in the civil parish of Tumna, three miles (5 km) from Carrick-on-Shannon, on the road to Boyle.
The Kirkwoods were landlords in Tumna, and various members of the Kirkwood family had large landholdings in the townlands of Woodbrook, Dorrary, and Cloongownagh in 1858. James Kirkwood built Woodbrook School for the education of the children of his tenants; the family managed the school until 1911. Rev. John McDermott, P.P., Croghan became the manager of the school from 1911 until 1917.
Originally 'planted' on the Mayo-Sligo border, near Killala, the Kirkwood family is first mentioned in records in or around the time of the 1691 rebellion. How they made their way to Roscommon is unclear, but it is possible that inter-marriage brought them to Roscommon (notably, the Lloyd surname was incorporated into their surnames at one stage). The Anglo-Irish of the time kept to themselves and rarely inter-married with the native Irish.
A family called Phibbs, who lived there, built Woodbrook House in 1780. (According to John and Mai Malone, Grehan Barlow, an historical architect from Birmingham who visited the house in the late 1990s, was of the opinion that the Phibbses had built a house at Woodbrook in 1671; this would imply an earlier structure either on or close to the site of the present house.) The original house was square and without wings, which were added in the 1880s. Little is known of the Phibbs family, other than it is likely that they were Planters.
Woodbrook House became the home of the Kirkwoods in the nineteenth century, when they bought the lands from the Phibbs family. The Kirkwood family purchased the farm at Usna on the banks of the river Boyle and later obtained the farm at Woodbrook. Their home in Usna became known as Woodbrook House. The gate and railing at the road were erected after one of the Kirkwoods' horses, also named Woodbrook, won the Grand National in 1881, ridden by Mr Tommy Beasley and trained by Henry Linde.
David Thomson's book "Woodbrook" gives a poignant account of life at Woodbrook during the 1930s, when he lived there for several summers with the Kirkwood family as tutor to their daughter, Phoebe, with whom he had a platonic love affair. Micheál Ó Súilleabháin composed a piece for piano and orchestra called ‘Woodbrook’, conceived as the soundtrack for a radio documentary called `The Story of Woodbrook - David Thompson's Book', produced by Julian Vignoles, which was first transmitted on RTE radio in 1986.
Woodbrook House still survives as a residence but the estate has largely gone. In 1946, over fifty acres was sold to the local Carrick on Shannon Golf Club while the Land Commission subsequently divided the remainder.

</doc>
<doc id="20732483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732483" title="Revision weight loss surgery">
Revision weight loss surgery

Revision Weight Loss Surgery is a surgical procedure that is performed on patients who have already undergone a form of bariatric surgery, and have either had complications from such surgery or have not successfully achieved significant weight loss results from the initial surgery. Procedures are usually performed laparoscopically, though open surgery may be required if prior bariatric surgery has resulted in extensive scarring.
With the increase in the number of weight loss surgeries performed every year, there are growing numbers of individuals who have experienced an unsatisfactory result from their bariatric procedures. There are several weight loss surgery options, some of which may limit later options for revision weight loss surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="20732488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732488" title="Dick Buek">
Dick Buek

Dick (Mad Dog) Buek (November 5, 1929 – November 3, 1957), born Richard Buek, was an American downhill ski racer and later a daredevil stunt pilot. A fiancé of champion snow skier Jill Kinmont, whose tragic life story was made into the inspirational hit Hollywood motion picture "The Other Side of the Mountain" (1975), Dick died in a plane crash at the age of 27.
Life.
Dick Buek was born in Soda Springs, Tahoe, California. As a youth, Buek was coached by ski champion Hannes Schroll and trained at the Sugar Bowl Ski Resort.
Known as "The Madman of Donner Summit," Dick Buek exhibited a "go for broke" attitude that brought him success and pain in many downhill competitions. A serious racer by the age of 18, he was the National Downhill Champion in 1952 and a member of the 1952 Olympic Team. He won a second national downhill title in 1954. His record included two runner-up efforts, a third and a fourth at the national championships.
In 1948, he did a straight schuss at the Inferno Race on Mount Lassen.
In 1949, he won the Silver Dollar Derby and the Far West Ski Association's downhill title. In 1952, Buek won the United States National Downhill and competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, finishing 12th.
Buek seemed to be fearless and paid a heavy price for it. He suffered two broken backs, one from a motorcycle accident.
Dick Buek competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics Downhill in Helsinki, Finland. Despite falling twice on the course and careening off course (into the trees and back out), he managed a 12th place finish. Unbelievable, by today's standards.
In 1953, Buek crashed his motorcycle. The accident crushed his leg, pelvis, and shoulder. When the National Championship at Aspen occurred the following year, he could still only bend his right knee 60 degrees. Pins in his left shoulder hampered his stance. Though he won the race, he was passed over to compete at that season's FIS World Championships.
In 1974, Dick Buek was inducted into the National Ski Hall Of Fame. The Honored Members of the U.S. National Ski and Snowboard Hall of Fame represent the highest level of national achievement in America, featuring prominent athletes and snow sport builders whose accomplishments showcase American skiing and snowboarding.[http://www.skihall.com/HonoredMember.asp?MemberID=58] 
Death.
Dick died at the age of 27 while flying over Donner Lake. According to close friend Mary Ann Haswell, who survived an earlier crash into Donner lake with Buek, "Dick used to say he'd never make it to 28 years old." Reportedly, Buek and Haswell were towing water skiers at the time of the first crash. At the time of the second crash, Haswell remembered, "Dick died a few days short of his birthday." 
Ironically, Buek wasn't at the stick of the airplane in which he was killed. It was a friend's plane and Buek was giving the friend a piloting lesson. The wings iced up and the plane dived straight into the icy waters.
"Dick was a dynamic person and ahead of his time in pushing the limits of extremism," recalled Haswell. "It was great being around him, if only for such a short period of time."
Dick is buried in the Oakland, California, area in an unknown cemetery.
He was characterized by Oakley Hall in Hall's 1963 novel, "The Downhill Racers".
He was portrayed by Beau Bridges in the 1975 movie, "The Other Side of the Mountain".

</doc>
<doc id="20732534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732534" title="Johann Thaler">
Johann Thaler

Johann Thaler was an Oberscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Johann Thaler participated in the Battle of Moscow, the capturing of Sevastopol, Rostov-on-Don, Case Blue, the Kharkov Counteroffensives, The Battle of Kursk near Prokhorovka, The Battle of Normandy, The Battle of the Bugle, and the Defense of Vienna. During his years of service he was credited with 12 tank kills and seventeen anti-tank gun kills. His company accompanied Guderian's leading tanks to within fifteen kilometers of Moscow. He was awarded the Iron Cross First Class when he destroyed three enemy tanks in two days at the Battle of Kursk. In 1944, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross when he pulled two of his crew members out of his burning tank, while he suffered moderate burn injuries, earning him the Wound Badge in Gold. In the Battle of the Bugle he led one of the leading formations in Kampfgruppen Peiper. Johann Thaler was killed in Vienna whilst battling Russian units as a tank commander on 7 April 1945.
Personal life.
He married in 1940 to Amalia Brumme in the Catholic faith, and had one daughter, Nancy, born 1941, who immigrated to America in 1948.
References.
Book: "Dying for Saint-Lo" ISBN 978-2-35250-035-3

</doc>
<doc id="20732589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732589" title="Peter Frampton discography">
Peter Frampton discography

This is the discography of English guitarist/singer Peter Frampton.
Videography.
Video albums.
"Note that "Live in Detroit" charted and peaked at 27 on the Top Music Video chart."

</doc>
<doc id="20732595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732595" title="Toms Shoes">
Toms Shoes

Toms (stylized as TOMS) is a for-profit company based in Santa Monica, California, that operates the non-profit subsidiary, Friends of Toms. The company was founded in 2006 by Blake Mycoskie, an entrepreneur from Arlington, Texas. The company designs and sells shoes based on the Argentine alpargata design as well as eyewear. When Toms sells a pair of shoes a pair of shoes is given to an impoverished child, and when Toms sells a pair of eyewear, part of the profit is used to save or restore the eyesight for people in developing countries.
Company history.
Blake Mycoskie first visited the country of Argentina while competing in the second season of "The Amazing Race" with his sister in 2002. He returned there on vacation in January 2006, where he noticed that the local polo players were wearing a form of shoes called alpargatas; a simple canvas slip-on shoe that he himself began to wear. The shoes have also been worn by Argentine farmers for hundreds of years and were the inspiration for the classic style of Toms shoes. They are made from canvas or cotton fabric and are now manufactured in many styles including a cordones, botas, wedges, stitchouts, and wrap boots. The sole is constructed of rubber. Later in the trip he was doing some volunteer work in the outskirts of Buenos Aires when he noticed that many of the children were running through the streets barefooted. After discovering that a lack of shoes was a wider problem in Argentina and other developing countries than just this one community, he decided that he wanted to develop a kind of alpargata for the North American market, with the caveat that for every pair sold he would provide a new pair of shoes free of charge to the shoeless youth of Argentina and other developing nations. Mycoskie had learned that the lack of shoes was a problem that had a serious impact upon these youth, threatening the ability of the children to go to school, prevent infection, and so forth.
He took the idea to Argentine shoe manufacturers and began building the company based on this idea, and initially made 250 pairs of shoes. The company first officially began selling its shoes in May 2006. After an article ran in the "Los Angeles Times", the company received order requests for nine times the available stock online, and 10,000 pairs were sold in the first six months. The first batch of free shoes were distributed in October 2006 to Argentine children, the number was equivalent to the amount of stock sold: ten thousand. The company was self-financed, as Mycoskie sold his online driver education company for $500,000 to fund the shoe company. The company name (TOMS) is derived from the word "tomorrow," and evolved from the original concept, "Shoes for Tomorrow Project."
In 2007 the company launched an annual "One Day Without Shoes" event where adherents do not wear shoes throughout the day in order to raise awareness for Toms' mission for clothing impoverished children. The day to raise awareness has had partners such as AOL, Flickr, and the Discovery Channel that help to promote the event. By 2011 over 500 retailers were carrying the brand globally; that year it also launched its eyewear line. By 2012 over two million pairs of new shoes had been given to children in developing countries around the world. The Daniels Fund Ethics Initiative at the University of New Mexico describes the company as "a for-profit business with a philanthropic component". By 2011 over 500 retailers were carrying the brand globally.
Business model.
"One for One".
Toms' business model has been referred to as the "one for one concept" business model, referring to the company's promise to deliver a pair of free, new shoes to a child in need for every sale of their retail product. The countries to which the free products are sent have included Argentina, Ethiopia, Guatemala, Haiti, Rwanda, South Africa, and the United States. The business has grown beyond producing shoes and has included eyewear and apparel in Toms product lines. The company uses word-of-mouth advocacy for much of its sales, centering its business focus on corporate social responsibility. Part of this model originally involved a non-profit arm called "Friends of Toms" that recruited volunteers to help in the shoe distributions in foreign countries. Toms trademarked the phrase "One for One" to describe its own business model.
Focuses for corporate responsibility.
Author Daniel H. Pink described the company's business model as "expressly built for purpose maximization", whereby Toms is both selling shoes and selling its ideal; creating consumers that are purchasing shoes and also making a purchase that transforms them into benefactors—a company goal if it is not a consumer goal. Another phrase used to try to describe the unique business model has been "caring capitalism". Part of how the firm has developed this description is by incorporating the giving into its business model before it turned a profit, making it as integral to the business model as its revenue generating aspects. Business tycoon and Virgin Group founder Richard Branson wrote of the company's business model in his book "Screw Business as Usual" saying, "They look for communities that will benefit most from TOMS based on their economic, health and education needs while taking into account local business so as not to create a correlating negative effect." He also commented on Toms' expansion into eyewear, in order to target the nearly 300 million people who are visually impaired in developing nations.
The company’s shoe distribution partners have focused on distributing shoes in areas where the health and social benefits of the shoes would be the highest. For example, in Ethiopia the shoes are intended to help prevent a soil-borne disease that attacks the lymphatic system and which largely affected women and children. Toms sunglasses are sold with the One for One model, however it does not necessarily provide glasses only to citizens of developing countries. The One for One model includes putting money towards medical treatment and eye surgeries, in addition to prescription glasses. Toms works with the Seva Foundation among other partners. The first countries that Toms implemented its program were Nepal, Cambodia, and Tibet. The original three designs, according to Leigh Grogan, were ones with "The stripe on the temples represents the buyer; the stripe on the tips represents the person whose sight is being helped, and the middle stripe represents TOMS, which brings the two together."
Marketing.
Toms’ marketing has involved fashion shows, high profile events, university campus marketing, social media, and temporary pop-up stores. Products have been created to fit with different environmental ideals as well, including the creation of shoes that adhere to vegan product restrictions in their product lines. The popular ideals of the company have led the company to becoming involved in cross-company advertising campaigns, including a commercial with AT&T that filmed one of Toms' shoe drops in Uruguay.
Shoe drops.
The canvas shoes have been given to children in 40 countries worldwide, including the United States, Argentina, Ethiopia, Rwanda, Swaziland, Guatemala, Haiti, South Africa. Toms are sold at more than 500 stores nationwide and internationally, including Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, and Whole Foods Market, which include shoes made from recycled materials.
Volunteers on shoe distribution trips are able to hand-deliver shoes to children. In 2006, Toms distributed 10,000 pairs of shoes in Argentina. In November 2007, the company distributed 50,000 pairs of shoes to children in South Africa. As of April 2009, Toms had distributed 140,000 pairs of shoes to children in Argentina, Ethiopia, South Africa as well as children in the United States. As of 2012, Toms has given away over one million pairs of shoes in 40 countries.
Philanthropy.
Partnerships.
In 2009 Toms partnered with the Charlize Theron Africa Outreach Project to create limited edition shoes, using the profits to benefit education and medical support to remote areas of Africa suffering from AIDS outbreaks. Toms has also produced shoes with a handlebar mustache symbol in place of the traditional Toms symbol in support of the Movember Foundation. Toms is also a supporter of the charity , with which it partnered with over several years, including its WaterForward project, aiming to bring clean water to underdeveloped countries through giving on behalf of one's friends. An additional partner charity is FEED, whereby when a consumer purchased a pair of shoes the company would donate twelve meals to poor schools in addition to a pair of shoes for impoverished children.
The major thrust of the mission of Toms is that a business rather than a charity would help their impact last longer. In his speech at the Second Annual Clinton Global Initiative Mycoskie states that his initial motivation was a disease called podoconiosis, a debilitating and disfiguring disease which causes one's feet to swell along with many other health implications. Also known as "Mossy Foot", podoconiosis is a form of elephantiasis that affects the lymphatic system of the lower legs. The disease is a soil-transmitted disease caused by walking in silica-rich soil. Toms currently works with factories nearby where they perform some of their shoe drops, including in Ethiopia.
Reception.
Criticism of 'Buy One, Give One' Model.
Toms has received criticism from the International Development community. who have charged that Toms' model is designed to make consumers feel good rather than address underlying causes of poverty. Criticisms have also included whether or not the shoe donation is as effective as a monetary one to other charities. Tom's founder Blake Mycoskie responded to these criticisms in November 2013, saying "If you really are serious about poverty alleviation, our critics said, then you need to create jobs. At first I took that personally, but then I realized that they were right... using our model to create jobs is the next level." The company has announced it plans to have one-third of all its shoes produced in countries receiving aid by 2015.
Focus on the Family.
In July 2011, Toms founder Blake Mycoskie participated in an event sponsored by the group Focus on the Family. After being criticized for supporting a socially conservative non-profit, Mycoskie posted an apology on his website stating that he and his handlers had not heard of Focus on the Family before participating in the event and decided it was a mistake. He also stated that he and the company support equal human and civil rights.

</doc>
<doc id="20732602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732602" title="San Ignacio de la Redención">
San Ignacio de la Redención

San Ignacio de la Redención was a fort established in 1606 by the Governor Alonso García de Ramón in a plain, located in the region of Boroa on the north bank of the Cautín River. In forty days he constructed a large fort, surrounded by a wide ditch, defended by a solid and thick wood palisade, and provided with extensive buildings to hold a large garrison. He intended the following year to turn it into a city. However, the garrison, under its commander Maestro de Campo Rodulfo Lisperger, and most of his garrison were ambushed and annihilated that same year and the fort was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="20732610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732610" title="Roger Willis">
Roger Willis

Roger C. Willis (born 17 June 1967) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or forward. He made more than 300 appearances in the Football League between 1989 and 2002 playing for seven different clubs.
Career.
Willis, a native of Sheffield generally known by his nickname, Harry, played for Nottingham-based non-league club Dunkirk before joining Grimsby Town in 1989. He made ten first-team appearances for the Mariners in all competitions, and spent time on loan to Boston United in the Conference, before being sold to Barnet for £10,000 at the end of the 1989–90 season.
In his first season with Barnet, Willis helped them to the Conference title and consequent promotion to the Football League. A flourishing second season, in which he was one of the key players as Barnet reached the playoff semifinal, earned him a move to Division One (second-tier) club Watford in October 1992 for a fee of £175,000. After a relatively unsuccessful year with the Hornets, he rejoined former Barnet manager Barry Fry, now at fellow Division one club Birmingham City, for a fee of £150,000. Willis left for Southend United after ten months, and went on to feature for Peterborough United before settling down for a five-year spell with Division Three (fourth-tier) Chesterfield, whom he helped to promotion in the 2000–01 season.
Released by Chesterfield in 2002, he made a brief return to Peterborough, followed by occasional appearances for non-league clubs Kettering Town, Stevenage Borough, Cambridge City and Hucknall Town, before retiring from the game in February 2003. He came out of retirement to play for St Albans City in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20732620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732620" title="Warren Shanabrook">
Warren Shanabrook

Warren Hilton Shanabrook (November 30, 1880 – March 10, 1964) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. Shanabrook played for the Washington Senators in . In 1 career game, he had no hits in two at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed.
Shanabrook was born in Massillon, Ohio and died in North Canton, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20732622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732622" title="Si j'avais au moins...">
Si j'avais au moins...

"Si j'avais au moins..." () is a song recorded by French singer Mylène Farmer. This pop rock ballad was written by Farmer with music composed by Laurent Boutonnat. It was the third single released, from her seventh studio album "Point de suture" (2008), on 16 February 2009. Directed by Bruno Aveillan, the accompanying music video is the continuation of Farmer's previous single "Dégénération" and is the last part of a short film called "The Farmer Project", broadcast in January 2009. In the video, the singer portrays a supernatural character who saves animals from testing and heals them. Although a survey showed that a minority of the voters wanted the song as the third single, "Si j'avais au moins..." received positive reviews and achieved some success on the French Singles Chart, debuting at number-one. Farmer performed the song on television during the NRJ Music Awards show on 17 January 2009 and on the 2009 Mylène Farmer en tournée tour.
Background and release.
On 15 December 2008, recording company Polydor officially announced that "Si j'avais au moins..." as the next single from the album "Point de suture" (2008) while simultaneously a promotional format was released on radio stations. This format contained a radio edit version, in which the last refrain of the original song, before the musical bridge, was deleted. Many fans were disappointed by this choice, as demonstrated by the results of a survey published on the website Mylene.net which showed that only 1.7% of the voters wanted the song as the third single. Charles Decant of Ozap deemed this release a "surprising decision" which recalled the choice of the ballad "Redonne-moi" as the third single from her previous album "Avant que l'ombre..." (2005). As the song has a very slow tempo, author Erwan Chuberre deemed that Farmer made "an artistic rather than a commercial choice" when she decided to release the song as a single.
On 15 January 2009, it was announced that the maxi vinyl, published in a limited edition, and the CD single would be released on 10 February, then delayed to 16 February. The cover art of the promotional single was entirely red, showing a close-up, the head of the doll which had appeared on "Point de suture". The cover of the single, which published on the internet on 27 January 2009, displayed a photograph by Simon Hawk.
Lyrics.
According to the author Benoît Cachin, "Si j'avais au moins..." deals with the absence of a loved being, which causes an unbearable but trainer pain. Like in "Redonne-moi", the lyrics use the lexical field of a "ghost which haunts the singer's mind", include some references to religion and the neologism "enténèbrement".
Music video.
Directed by Bruno Aveillan, the music video was filmed in mid-2008 in an abandoned hospital in Prague. It premiered on the internet on 7 January 2009, and was officially released on television on M6, ten days later. The music video was shot just after "Dégénération", the first single from "Point de suture", as both music videos are parts of a short film named "The Farmer Project".
The video starts with Farmer slowly walking in an laboratory in which many animals are captive to serve as experiments. Depicting a supernatural creature, the singer approaches every cage to look at all the animals — pigeons, cats, bobcats, rabbits, mouses, a snake, an owl, a monkey, a doe — and heals them with her magic hands. Then she takes a wounded little cat out of its cage and puts it on her shoulders. During the second refrain, she remains standing with closed eyes in the middle of the room and uses her supernatural powers to explode all of the glass cages. She thus releases the animals and, with a monkey in her arms, leads them outside into the woods. Standing in the forest, she closes her eyes again and sends many rays of light from her hands. The last scene shows the Earth being covered by that light.
According to Lionel Steketee, "Mylène very professional, thorough, discreet and almost shy" when she participated in the shooting of the video. He said she had to be careful not to get scratched by the cat, and that the final scene was difficult to film because the cats were afraid of the water used in this scene, the rats remained hidden in a corner and the birds did not fly much. Given that the song deals with the pain caused by the absence of a dead person, the video is unrelated to the lyrics, as noted by author Alice Novak. In reviews, Yahoo! Music said that, through the video, "[Farmer invites us into her dark and magical universe", and "Premiere" deemed it "mysterious, provocative". Considering it a short film, Cachin praised the music video as being "perfectly done".
Critical reception.
"Si j'avais au moins...", reviewed after the album's release, was generally well received in the media. Swiss newspaper "Le Matin" said it was a "magnific ballad" and one of the best songs of the album; as for Jason Birchmeier of Allmusic, he qualified "Si j'avais au moins..." and "Point de suture" as "standout ballads made of uplifting string arrangements and delicate vocal melodies". Novak deemed the song "sweet and sad". "La Meuse" considered it a "ballad with a strong lachrymal connotation".
In France, "Si j'avais au moins..." charted poorly on radio, peaking at number 60 on the airplay chart in its second week, on 19 December 2008. In contrast, the music video was regularly broadcast on television, reaching number five on the TV airplay chart in its third week. On the singles chart, the song debuted at number one on the chart edition of 21 February 2009, selling 12,375 units that week, and thus became the singer's seventh number one single in France, which, at the time, was a record. The week after, the song ranked at number five, and weekly sales dropped to 3,072; thereafter, it continued to drop and remained 27 weeks in the top 50 and 38 weeks in the top 100, which remains the third longest chart trajectory of Farmer's single in France. In Belgium (Wallonia), the single entered the Ultratop 50 at number 25 on 28 February 2009, then dropped to number 38. In Switzerland, it charted for one week, at number 72, on 1 March 2009. The song began at a peak of number six on the chart edition of 7 March 2009 on the European Hot 100 Singles, which was the highest debut then.
Promotion and live performances.
Farmer performed the song during the NRJ Music Awards, broadcast on 17 January 2009, on TF1. She was dressed in white and was accompanied by many musicians. She lip-synced a recording of the song she had made the day before.
"Si j'avais au moins..." was performed as the last song during the 2009 tour, but only in the halls venues, and was cancelled for the concerts in stadiums. Farmer then wore a long white dress, and the stage was bathed in red and orange lights. During the refrain, many screens displayed images of lava expelled by a volcano during an eruption. The last musical bridge was extended while part of the staircase raised and showed a tunnel throughout which Farmer left the stage. In December 2009, Farmer officially released the live video of the song on the Internet, video which was not featured on the DVD and Blu-ray for "N°5 on Tour"; the instrumental version of the song, however, was used for the ending credits "Générique".
Formats and track listings.
The formats and track listings of single releases of "Si j'avais au moins...":
Credits.
The credits and the personnel as they appear on the back of the single:

</doc>
<doc id="20732624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732624" title="Peter Plate">
Peter Plate

Peter Plate (born 1 July 1967) is a German singer, songwriter, musician and record producer. Between 1991 and 2012, he was the keyboardist and occasional vocalist of Rosenstolz, a German pop duo that had chart hits in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Early life.
Peter Plate was born on 1 July 1967 in New Delhi, where his grandfather was a diplomat, and came to Germany at the age of three, spending his childhood first in Hamburg and then in Goslar. He learnt to play the electronic organ during his youth and wrote a musical with friends at the age of 17. As a young adult, he moved to Braunschweig, where he did his civilian service in a retirement home. While living in Braunschweig, he became a student of social pedagogy, but did not complete his studies, and was also a member of a short-lived band. In December 1990, he moved with his partner Ulf Leo Sommer to Berlin, where he found a job in a hair salon.
Music career.
1991–2012: Rosenstolz.
Plate met singer AnNa R. shortly after moving to Berlin. They got together to write songs, performing them at local venues as the pop duo Rosenstolz. The duo were soon discovered by record producer Tom Müller, after which they were able to work on studio albums and develop their fanbase. Over their two-decade career, Rosenstolz released 12 studio albums, 4 live albums and over 40 singles and achieved chart success in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Six of their albums went to No. 1 in the German albums chart. Rosenstolz split up at the end of 2012, but left open the possibility of a future reunion.
As the musician in Rosenstolz, Plate composed the music of the band's songs and co-wrote the songs' lyrics with colleague AnNa R. In later Rosenstolz albums, he also co-wrote the songs with his partner Sommer. Plate was also involved in producing Rosenstolz's studio albums, "Objekt der Begierde" (1996) being the first album which he co-produced.
2012–present: Solo career.
In April 2013, Plate released his debut solo album "Schüchtern ist mein Glück". Most of the songs in the album were co-written by Plate with Sommer and/or with Daniel Faust, a producer and musician who was previously involved in recording Rosenstolz's albums. The album reached No. 29 in the German albums chart. 
Collaborations.
Plate has collaborated with various musical artists. They include French singer Patricia Kaas, for whom he was involved in writing and producing the song "Herz eines Kämpfers" (2005). Plate has also collaborated with German pop duo 2raumwohnung. Together with Sommer, he worked with the duo to write their singles "Besser geht's nicht" and "36 Grad" (both 2007) and "Rette mich später" (2009). A further collaboration was with English singer Melanie C, who came to Berlin to record "Let There Be Love" (2011), a cover version of the Rosenstolz hit "Liebe ist alles" (2004). 
Activism.
During their years with Rosenstolz, Plate and AnNa R. undertook various activities to raise money for AIDS charities. For their efforts in the fight against HIV and AIDS, they were awarded the "Bundesverdienstkreuz" (Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany) in 2011. 
At Rosenstolz concerts, Plate regularly spoke out against the views of the Pope on homosexuality. In 1999, Rosenstolz released the single "Ja, ich will" in support of the introduction of same-sex marriage. A few years later, they wrote the song "Laut" in protest against the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
In December 2013, Plate, together with Carolina Bigge, initiated a campaign to highlight the situation of homosexuals in Russia following the passing of laws banning "homosexual propaganda". They released the charity single "Zehn (Für Natascha und Olga)", with proceeds going to support groups in Russia, and also headed a demonstration outside the Russian embassy in Berlin.
Personal life.
Plate first met Sommer in 1990, and they entered into a registered partnership in 2002. The couple later separated around 2010, having been together for 20 years. In an interview in 2011, Plate stated that he and Sommer remained on good terms with each other and were neighbours.

</doc>
<doc id="20732637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732637" title="Jennifer Hope Wills">
Jennifer Hope Wills

Jennifer Hope Wills (born May 8 1973) is an American actress and soprano singer who has starred on Broadway and in many of the top regional theatres and concert halls across the country. She was the first child of William and Sue Wills. She made her stage debut at the age of 1 in a production of "Rumplestiltskin" performed by the Baltimore Actor's Theatre alongside her father and went on to star on Broadway and in Regional Theatres across the country. She has a son born in 2008 named Vincent.
Early years.
The family moved to Ocean City, Maryland where her parents established a live children's theater. Parker Playhouse opened in 1978 and over time became a favorite of the city's many summertime visitors. Jennifer performed in almost every production the theater company produced.
Her parents now run Presidents and Their First Ladies Dramatically Speaking, a production company that performs nationwide and provides great insight to the personal lives of our many presidents and their wives.
Wills received a BA from Salisbury State University where she starred on the main stage as Maria in "West Side Story", Lily in "The Secret Garden" and Elizabeth Sandry in "The Grapes of Wrath". She then earned her MM at the prestigious Indiana University School of Music where she starred on the main stage as Laurey in "Oklahoma!", Papagena in "The Magic Flute", Josephine in "H.M.S. Pinafore" and Gossip I in "The Ghosts of Versailles". After graduating she taught voice at the college level for two years before heading to New York City.
Broadway.
Wills made her Broadway debut in 2004 as the understudy for Belle in Disney's "Beauty and the Beast". Eight months later she had to leave abruptly as she became an immediate replacement for Jennifer Westfeldt as Eileen co-starring opposite Brooke Shields in"Wonderful Town". Both Wills and Shields received amazing reviews with Clive Barnes of the New York Post stating that "Both Shields and Wills are smashing. These two are not replacements, they are renewals". and Ben Brantley singled Wills out for her own little feature. They also re-released the original new cast recording with their voices replacing the original stars.
"Wonderful Town" only ran four more months so Wills was out of work and decided against other people's better judgment to accept a replacement ensemble position in Andrew Lloyd Webber's "The Woman in White". However, this productions was very short lived and Wills performed in it for just one week. But that job led directly to Wills getting to audition for her dream job, Christine Daae in "The Phantom of the Opera". She was immediately asked to become the Alternate (performing the role twice weekly) and just two months later was asked to take the Principal position on the National Tour for 10 weeks as they traveled through Canada where she received rave reviews. Upon her return to NYC, she became the Principal in the Broadway Production and remained so for many years. Overall she was with the production for over 4 years from March 2006 - August 2010 with time off for maternity leave.
Wills also has sung in concert with City Center's "Encores!", at Town Hall, Merkin Concert Hall, with the Houston and Asheville Symphonies at at the Mar-a-Lago club for Donald Trump and guests.
Regional theater.
Much of Wills' career has been made of starring in some of the top regional theaters across the country. 

</doc>
<doc id="20732638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732638" title="1989–90 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1989–90 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1989–90 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 63rd season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Three, then the third tier of English football, finishing twenty-first, suffering relegation to Division Four.
Manager Frank Burrows left the club in the first month of the year to become assistant manager at Portsmouth and was replaced by Len Ashurst, who started his second spell in charge of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20732674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732674" title="Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest">
Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest

The Out-Ranger of Windsor Forest was an official post associated with the royal forest of Windsor.
The nominal duties of the out-ranger were to preserve any deer which escaped the bounds of Windsor Forest. (Under forest law, the Sovereign owned all the deer within a royal forest, even though they might not be crown property.) In practice, the office was a sinecure.
The first known appointment to the position was that of Denzil Onslow in 1686 or 1694. He was deprived of his office in 1711 when the Junto Whigs were crushed. In 1715, the office was granted to Denzil's great-nephew Hon. Thomas Onslow. While it provided an emolument for him, the principal purpose of the appointment was to force Thomas to vacate his seat as Member of Parliament for Guildford, under the terms of the Place Act 1707. By removing him from the House of Commons, he could now stand in the by-election for Surrey, which had been vacated when his father Richard was made a Teller of the Exchequer. (Richard was about to be made a peer, hence his failure to stand in the by-election himself.) Two years later, when Thomas succeeded to his father's barony, Denzil Onslow again received the office for the same reason, vacating his seat at Guildford to successfully contest Surrey. This presaged the use of other offices of profit under the Crown as a means of resignation from the British House of Commons, which became formalised in the offices of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds and Steward of Northstead.
Denzil held the office until his death in 1721. Brigadier Richard Munden was appointed in 1722, but died in September 1725. He left his financial affairs considerably entangled, and the underkeepers who performed the duties of the office had to petition for the arrears of their salaries. He was succeeded by John King, 2nd Baron King, who had a grant of the office for life in 1726; his brother Peter King, 3rd Baron King succeeded him in 1740, but the office was again granted to an Onslow in 1754.
George Onslow was the second cousin once removed of Thomas, who had held the office until 1717. He held the office until the beginning of 1763, when Fox purged the government of Newcastle's supporters. It went to Lord Charles Spencer, who lost it on the fall of the Bute Ministry and was replaced by Benjamin Bathurst. Bathurst, in turn, was displaced by the Rockingham administration. The office now passed to Col. George Onslow, first cousin to the previous George, who received a grant of it for life for supporting the ministry. Upon his death, it was given to Viscount Cranley, the son of the first George Onslow, who held it until its abolition in the early 19th century.
Salary and perquisites.
The office was originally unsalaried, but after its revival in 1715, it paid £600 per year, of which about £200 had to be dispersed to pay under-keepers. Another source gives the salary as £500 per year, increased to £900 around 1776. It had grown to £1,200 per year when the office was abolished.
A small lodge named Fan Grove on the edge of Windsor Forest was formerly the property of the out-ranger. It was used as a residence by Admiral Sir Richard Onslow, 1st Baronet, younger brother of Col. George Onslow.

</doc>
<doc id="20732691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732691" title="Shelley Davis">
Shelley Davis

Shelley Davis (October 18, 1952 – December 12, 2008) was an American attorney and activist best known for her advocacy of rights and better working conditions for farm workers, particularly child, migrant and seasonal laborers.
Activism.
At the time of her death, Davis served as deputy director of the advocacy group Farmworker Justice, where she campaigned against a 2006 Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would have allowed humans to be exposed to pesticides as part of toxicity tests. Her work with Farmworker Justice also took her to the U.S. Supreme Court, where she litigated the case of "Bates v. Dow Agrosciences," , in which Dow Agrosciences attempted to block 29 Texas peanut farmers from suing the company after a pesticide developed by Dow allegedly caused damages to the farmers' crops.
Prior to working with Farmworker Justice, Davis worked to reform the H-2A program, which allows foreign nationals entry into the United States for temporary or seasonal agricultural work. The efforts of Davis and other labor advocates to monitor a particular instance in which a group of H-2A workers from the Caribbean were allegedly being exploited by the Florida sugar cane industry served as the basis for the film, "H-2 Worker", which won the award for 'Best Documentary' at the 1990 Sundance Film Festival.
Personal life.
Davis was born in Brooklyn, New York and attended Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania and received a law degree from the Columbus School of Law at Catholic University in 1978. She lived in Silver Spring, Maryland with her husband and son and died of breast cancer in Washington, D.C. in December, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20732697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732697" title="KKRR (FM)">
KKRR (FM)

KKRR (88.3 FM) is a non-commercial radio station licensed to serve Casper, Wyoming, USA. The station is owned by WCN, Inc.
KKRR broadcast an oldies music format until 8/12/10.
History.
This station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on August 22, 2005. The new station was assigned call letters KKRR by the FCC on September 9, 2008. KKRR received its license to cover from the FCC on August 27, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20732749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732749" title="Coins of China">
Coins of China

Coins of China could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20732764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732764" title="Hand (band)">
Hand (band)

Hand (styled as hAND) are a three piece progressive/gothic metal band based in Sussex, England. They are signed to UK based label Femme Metal Records.
History.
The band was formed in 2004 by Kat Ward and Kieren Johnstone. Originally a duo combining elements of rock and trance, they released their first demo “Chapters” before drummer Cris "Pedro" Nelson joined them permanently in January 2006. They recorded their second demo “Shadow: Word Pain” later that year.
The band signed to Casket Music early 2008 and released their debut album “Deadroom Journal” worldwide on Sept 22nd 2008, to positive reviews from several major publications and independent critics.
In December 2008 they signed to Femme Metal Records.
Discography.
Deadroom Journal - Album Sept 2008
Shadow: Word Pain - E.P July 2006
Chapters - E.P July 2005

</doc>
<doc id="20732772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732772" title="Circumbinary planet">
Circumbinary planet

A circumbinary planet is a planet that orbits two stars instead of one. 
Because of the short orbits of some binary stars, the only way for planets to form is by forming outside the orbit of the two stars. 
As of 5 December 2013, there are seventeen confirmed systems of circumbinary planets.
Observations and discoveries.
Confirmed planets.
The first confirmed circumbinary extrasolar planet was found orbiting the system PSR B1620-26, which contains a millisecond pulsar and a white dwarf and is located in the globular cluster M4. The existence of the third body was first reported in 1993, and was suggested to be a planet based on 5 years of observational data. In 2003 the planet was characterised as being 2.5 times the mass of Jupiter in a low eccentricity orbit with a semimajor axis of 23 AU.
The first circumbinary extrasolar planet around a main sequence star was found in 2005 in the system HD 202206: a Jupiter-size planet orbiting a system composed of a Sun-like star and a brown dwarf.
A dynamical analysis of the system further shows a 5:1 mean motion resonance between the planet and the brown dwarf.
These observations raise the question of how this system was formed, but numerical simulations show that a planet formed in a circumbinary disk can migrate inward until it is captured in resonance.
Announced in 2008, the eclipsing binary system HW Virginis, comprising a subdwarf B star and a red dwarf, was announced to also host a planetary system. The inner and outer planets have masses at least 8.47 and 19.23 times that of Jupiter respectively, and have orbital periods of 9 and 16 years. The outer planet is sufficiently massive that it may be considered to be a brown dwarf under some definitions of the term, but the discoverers argue that the orbital configuration implies it formed like a planet from a circumbinary disc. Both planets may have accreted additional mass when the primary star lost material during its red giant phase.
On 15 September 2011, astronomers announced the first partial-eclipse-based discovery of a circumbinary planet. The planet, called Kepler-16b, is about 200 light years from Earth, in the constellation Cygnus, and is believed to be a frozen world of rock and gas, about the mass of Saturn. It orbits two stars that are also circling each other, one about two-thirds the size of our sun, the other about a fifth the size of our sun. Each orbit of the stars by the planet takes 229 days, while the planet orbits the system's center of mass every 225 days; the stars eclipse each other every three weeks or so. Scientists made the finding through NASA's Kepler spacecraft, which launched in 2009 and has been a driving force in the recent explosion in the discovery of distant planets.
Other observations.
Claims of a planet discovered via microlensing, orbiting the close binary pair MACHO-1997-BLG-41, were announced in 1999. The planet was said to be in a wide orbit around the two red dwarf companions, but the claims were later retracted, as it turned out the detection could be better explained by the orbital motion of the binary stars themselves.
Several attempts have been made to detect planets around the eclipsing binary system CM Draconis, itself part of the triple system GJ 630.1. The eclipsing binary has been surveyed for transiting planets, but no conclusive detections were made and eventually the existence of all the candidate planets was ruled out. More recently, efforts have been made to detect variations in the timing of the eclipses of the stars caused by the reflex motion associated with an orbiting planet, but at present no discovery has been confirmed. The orbit of the binary stars is eccentric, which is unexpected for such a close binary as tidal forces ought to have circularised the orbit. This may indicate the presence of a massive planet or brown dwarf in orbit around the pair whose gravitational effects maintain the eccentricity of the binary.
Circumbinary discs that may indicate processes of planet formation have been found around several stars, and are in fact common around binaries with separations less than 3 AU. One notable example is in the HD 98800 system, which comprises two pairs of binary stars separated by around 34 AU. The binary subsystem HD 98800 B, which consists of two stars of 0.70 and 0.58 solar masses in a highly eccentric orbit with semimajor axis 0.983 AU, is surrounded by a complex dust disc that is being warped by the gravitational effects of the mutually-inclined and eccentric stellar orbits. The other binary subsystem, HD 98800 A, is not associated with significant amounts of dust.
System characteristics.
The Kepler results indicate circumbinary planetary systems are relatively common (as of October 2013 the spacecraft had found seven planets out of roughly 1000 eclipsing binaries searched.
Stellar configuration.
There is a wide range of stellar configurations for which circumbinary planets can exist. Primary star masses range from 0.69 to 1.53 solar masses (Kepler-16 A & PH1 Aa), star mass ratios from 1.03 to 3.76 (Kepler-34 & PH1), and binary eccentricity from 0.023 to 0.521 (Kepler-47 & Kepler-34). The distribution of planet eccentricities, range from nearly circular e=0.007 to a significant e=0.182 (Kepler-16 & Kepler-34). No orbital resonances with the binary have been found.
Orbital dynamics.
The binary stars Kepler-34 A and B have a highly eccentric orbit (e=0.521) around each other and
their interaction with the planet is strong enough that a deviation from Kepler's laws is noticeable after just one orbit.
Co-planarity.
All Kepler circumbinary planets that were known as of august 2013 orbit their stars very close to the plane of the binary (in a prograde direction) which suggests a single-disk formation. However not all circumbinary planets are co-planar with the binary: Kepler-413b is tilted 2.5 degrees which may be due to the gravitational influence of other planets or a third star.
Axial tilt precession.
The axial tilt of Kepler-413b's spin axis might vary by as much as 30 degrees over 11 years, leading to rapid and erratic changes in seasons.
Migration.
Simulations show that it is likely that all of the circumbinary planets known prior to a 2014 study migrated significantly from their formation location with the possible exception of Kepler-47(AB)c.
Semi-major axes close to critical radius.
The minimum stable star to circumbinary planet separation is about 2-4 times the binary star separation, or orbital period about 3-8 times the binary period. The innermost planets in all the Kepler circumbinary systems have been found orbiting close to this radius. The planets have semi-major axes that lie between 1.09 and 1.46 times this critical radius. The reason could be that migration might become inefficient near the critical radius, leaving planets just outside this radius.
Absence of planets around shorter period binaries.
Most Kepler eclipsing binaries have periods less than 1 day but the shortest period of a Kepler eclipsing binary hosting a planet is 7.4 days (Kepler-47). The short-period binaries are unlikely to have formed in such a tight orbit and their lack of planets may be related to the mechanism that removed angular momentum allowing the stars to orbit so closely.
Planet size limit.
As of August 2013 all the confirmed Kepler circumbinary planets are smaller than Jupiter. This cannot be a selection effect because larger planets are easier to detect. Simulations had predicted this would be the case.
Habitability.
All the Kepler circumbinary planets are either close to or actually in the habitable zone. None of the them are terrestrial planets, but large moons of such planets could be habitable. Because of the stellar binarity, the insolation received by the planet will likely be time-varying in a way, quite unlike the regular sunlight Earth receives.

</doc>
<doc id="20732779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732779" title="Tennis Federation of Vojvodina">
Tennis Federation of Vojvodina

The Tennis Federation of Vojvodina () is the regional governing body of tennis in Vojvodina, Serbia. The association's president is Milan Jerinkić. 
The federation has 40 member clubs. In 2008 the federation opened Serbia's first national tennis centre. 

</doc>
<doc id="20732792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732792" title="Alekos Sakellarios">
Alekos Sakellarios

Alekos Sakellarios (, 7 November 1913 in Athens – 28 August 1991 in Athens) was a Greek writer and a director. 
He was born in Athens and began to learn journalism and acting at a young age. He wrote his first theatrical play in 1935 called "The King of Halva". He employed himself into the film as a screenwriter and a director and wrote many plays.
He directed mainly with Christos Giannakopoulos and only wrote with that cooperation of around 140 works. The most popular include: "The Germans Strike Again", "Thanassakis o politevomenos", "I theia ap' to Chicago", "Dikoi mas Anthropoi", "Ena votsalo sti limni", "Kalos ilthe to dollario", "Ta kitrina gantia", "Otan Leipei i Gata", "I Soferina", "Laterna, Ftocheia kai Filotimo", "Alimono stous Neous" (Woe to the Young) and more. 
He wrote also the lyrics of several songs, many of which became very successful. Among them are: "Garifallo st' Afti", "Ypomoni", "Asta ta Malakia sou", "Eho ena Mystiko" and more.
He died in 1991 and is buried in the First Cemetery of Athens in a family grave. He spent his final years next to his wife Tina. He had two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20732820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732820" title="Helen Magnus">
Helen Magnus

Doctor Helen Magnus (born August 27, 1850) is the series protagonist and central character of the Canadian fantasy-science fiction television series "Sanctuary". She is portrayed by Amanda Tapping. In the series, Magnus is a scientist from Victorian era England, who currently runs the global Sanctuary Network, an organization tasked with finding a series of creatures called "abnormals", and later bring them to a Sanctuary base for refuge to protect them from the human population. The character is over two and a half centuries old, having been given her advanced longevity by injecting herself with vampire blood, as well as reliving the 20th century from time travel. After traveling back in time, Magnus had to avoid people so she isolated herself. In the season 4 finale "Sanctuary For None: Part 2" It was revealed that Magnus spent the 113 years creating a new Sanctuary.
Tapping was offered a part in the original web series by series creator Damian Kindler and director Martin Wood. It became the actress' first regular role since playing Samantha Carter on "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis" for eleven years. She initially had difficulty playing Magnus as her personality greatly differed from Carter. She also dyed her hair darker and spoke with an English accent throughout the run, as she herself was born in England. In addition, Tapping serves as the series executive producer and on some occasions, director.
Magnus and Tapping's portrayal of the character received generally mixed reactions from critics, with the negative comments pointing toward's Tapping's accent. However, Tapping was nominated for four awards, one Gemini Award and three Leo Awards, for her role as Helen Magnus, winning a Leo Award for "Best Lead Performance by a Female in a Dramatic Series" in 2009 for the episode "Requiem".
Character arc.
Background.
Helen Magnus was born on August 27, 1850 to Gregory Magnus (Jim Byrnes) and Patricia Heathering. Her father was regarded as a controversial medical researcher of his time, and exposed his daughter to his profession when she was a child. Years later, she helped form a secret group known as "the Five", along with John Druitt (Christopher Heyerdahl), Nikola Tesla (Jonathon Young), James Watson (Peter Wingfield) and Nigel Griffin (Vincent Gale) at Oxford University. Each member voluntarily injected themselves with pure vampire blood, a species that had become extinct centuries before. This granted each member unique abilities. Magnus' ability was longevity, allowing her to live several times longer than any normal human. At this point she entered a relationship with Druitt, whose ability is personal teleportation. However, he became insane and murdered several prostitutes, thereby becoming Jack the Ripper. They did conceive a child, Magnus later took the embryo and froze it.
By the turn of the 20th century, her research with the abnormal population went into full swing, and she founded the Sanctuary Network. To get the funding she needed, the Prime Minister reunited the Five to stop and kill Adam Worth (Ian Tracey), who was turned down as a sixth member and blamed the Five for the death of his daughter, from releasing a toxin in London. In the season two episode "Next Tuesday", Magnus states she was a passenger on the "RMS Titanic" in 1912. In July 1944, she worked with the French Resistance in Normandy to prevent the Nazis from controlling a fire elemental before D-Day. She then charged the head Sanctuary in Old City, a fictional city in the Pacific Northwest, during which she decided to use the embryo to bear her daughter, Ashley (Emilie Ullerup). On one of her expeditions, she saved a young Will Zimmerman from a dangerous abnormal, but failed to capture it before it killed his mother.
Season one.
In the first season of the show, Magnus appoints an adult Will (Robin Dunne), a forensic psychiatrist who worked for the Old City Police Department, to become her new protégé, which he eventually accepts. Druitt returns to the Sanctuary to ask Magnus to cure him from an unknown affliction; Magnus tricks him into injecting poison, though Druitt escapes. Later, in "The Five", it would be revealed Druitt survived, and Tesla was able to suppress his insanity. In "Fata Morgana", she becomes aware of an underground organization known as the Cabal, who plot to control all abnormals for their own gain, and in several episodes throughout the first season, will become her and her organization's primary focus. In "Requiem", Magnus becomes exposed to an aggressive parasite in the Bermuda Triangle when going with Will to see a group of mermaids who massacred each other because of the same parasite. To stop Magnus from killing Will and herself, Will locks her in a cabin in the submarine, and drains all the oxygen, killing her. She is later revived after Will captures the escaping parasite. In the two-part season finale "Revelations", the Cabal launch a bioweapon called "Lazarus", which causes any exposed abnormal to attack humans. To combat this, Magnus regroups the Five to Bhalasaam, a lost city, to recover the source blood (vampire blood). However, by the end Magnus is distressed to learn that the Cabal have turned Ashley against her and the team and steals the blood sample.
Season two.
The second season begins six weeks after the end of the first, where Magnus works hard to defeat the Cabal and save Ashley, whom the Cabal transformed to a vampire-hybrid superabnormal, one of six tasked to destroy the Sanctuary Network. When the superabnormals arrive at the Old City Sanctuary, Magnus is able to get through to Ashley, who recognises her in time to save her from another superabnormal, and then teleports. Because an electromagnetic field is active, it would mean whoever teleports inside would be vaporized. Despite this, Magnus believes Ashley's life energy may be in the electromagnetic field's buffer. When it does not, she is forced to accept that Ashley has died. Because of her death, and other loved ones because of her longevity, she tried to find a way to age at a normal rate again. She finds an elixir used by the Mayans in Honduras, but it has the side effect of turning humans into zombie-like creatures. After being shown the potential consequences of the elixir's release by an incorporeal guardian, she decides to leave it behind.
Later on in the season, her leadership of the Sanctuary Network would be called into question by the other heads of house. In "Veritas", she sets up an elaborate scheme to apprehend a telepath named Emma (Erica Cerra), whom she suspects of working against the Network. In the scheme, Magnus forges a mental illness and fakes the murder of her butler, Bigfoot (Heyerdahl), and makes Emma believe she kept alive Big Bertha, the most dangerous abnormal on Earth, which Magnus was thought to have killed. However, it is revealed in the season finale "Kali", Magnus did indeed keep her alive in secrecy, but sedated, as she believes that killing Bertha would jeopardize the planet. When Big Bertha is being controlled by Edward Forsythe, Magnus attempts to sedate Big Bertha again, but by then, Terrence Wexford (Paul McGillion) overrides her authority and assumes control of the network. His attempt to kill Bertha only succeeds in angering her, and she launches a tsunami.
Season three.
The third season begins with Magnus forcing Wexford to step down as head of the Sanctuary Network, thereby putting herself back in command, while the rest of the team deal with the tsunami. Though they are not happy that Big Bertha is still alive, the other Sanctuary house heads decide to keep Magnus in charge, while also firing Wexford for breaking several protocols. She learns from Will that when he talked to Kali, the avatar manifestation of Big Bertha, into stopping the tsunami, he saw her father, who left her clues leading to a map leading to Hollow Earth, thought to be the home of every abnormal species on the planet. In "Breach" Magnus learns Adam Worth is still alive, and he also intends to find Hollow Earth, having been there before and resurrected. After finding an entrance to Hollow Earth in Tibet, she and the team venture to the underground city of Praxis, where leader Ranna (Polly Walker) executes her and her team for trespassing. However, they are later resurrected as she wants their help in saving the city, which is facing destruction because a hyperspecies abnormal is not controlling the city's geothermal energy. After saving it, Magnus and her team and Ranna part in good terms. It is also revealed Worth also came to the city to steal a power source with unlimited capabilities. Though it was assumed Druitt killed him before he could leave with it, it is later revealed in the season finale that Druitt kept him alive and that he is using the power source to create a time machine and cure his daughter's leukemia, which could cause untold consequences on the planet. His first failed attempt causes the destruction of Praxis, and a time dilation bubble in Carentan, France. Magnus fails to stop him from succeeding, but does follow him through a time portal to London in 1898.
Season four.
Magnus pursues Worth throughout London to stop him from curing his daughter Imogene, who is meant to die in the timeline. During the pursuit she tries to avoid her past self, but fails to stop encountering Watson, who quickly discovers she is from his future, but he promises to keep quiet for the sake of preserving the timeline. When Worth chases Magnus later he accidentally kills Imogene, restoring the timeline. After killing Worth, Magnus ends up in hiding for the next 113 years before she can resurface to help Will dealing with a mass of Abnormals invading the surface. In the season finale, it is revealed that Helen had been secretly working with several important figures of the 20th Century, including Albert Einstein and Buckminster Fuller amongst others, and had built a new underground Sanctuary.
Characterization.
The Syfy website describes Magnus as "beautiful and enigmatic" who has "devoted her life to the practical research of cutting edge medicine and science". Her work is to explore the world of abnormals. While the rest of the world dismiss them as monstrous figments of their imaginations and elements of childhood nightmares, Magnus realizes that they are the world's triumphs and mistakes. Magnus hence becomes their protecter, but in some cases, their captor. She is also described as "bold and straightforward, brave and no-nonsense, yet she remains proudly true to her formal Victorian English sensibilities". Portraying actress Amanda Tapping described Magnus as a "crazy character" who is "very eccentric and very sexy and very unapologetic".
Magnus "adores her daughter Ashley, respecting her independence and self-reliance – but that doesn't preclude some occasional mother-daughter friction". Tapping has said that there is a "huge amount of respect" between the two characters, adding "Ashley knows that when her mother says she needs to do something then she says it for a reason. And Magnus has a huge amount of respect for Ashley because Ashley can do things that she can't." Magnus made a hard choice of having Ashley even though she does not have her mother's longevity, and Magnus would outlive her daughter. In the first season Magnus recruits Will as her protégé. When asked what Magnus thinks of Will, Tapping stated "I think Helen finds him fascinating. He's so idealistic, she sees in him all the qualities that she admires, but all the qualities that she knows will probably get beaten out of him over the course of time. His idealism and purity of thought and the way he analyses things ... she absolutely respects that, but I think she also realises that there's going to come a time when he's going to become a bit jaded ... There are a couple of episodes where there's been this bizarre sexual tension between the two of them ... but generally there's just a huge healthy respect." During a Blastr interview in 2011, Tapping further explains Magnus' relationship with Will; "I love how this relationship has developed. [...] "It's been a really organic transformation of Will's character and Magnus. To actually bring somebody on board who, initially, it's all about teaching him the ropes. And then as the seasons have gone on he's come into his own. He's come into his own as a scientist. He's come into his own in terms of his relationship with the people in the Sanctuary." Dunne meanwhile stated "there's a nice synchronicity that has formed between the two characters. And really, they're two people that depend on each other for survival. And therefore, that's where the respect comes out of."
Conceptual history.
Series creator Damian Kindler conceived the idea of "Sanctuary" in 2001, many of his ideas were included in the final product, one of them being the English scientist Helen Magnus. A few years later, Kindler asked Martin Wood if there was a potential for a series. When Wood believed it would be, they both decided to approach Amanda Tapping to participate in the project, and she accepted. Kindler believed that casting Tapping was a "nice fit" to the character because the actress was born in England. Tapping, who played the regular character Samantha Carter in "Stargate SG-1" and sister show "Stargate Atlantis", did not know the future of her role in the show when she was approached to appear on "Sanctuary" in 2006. When the webseries started shooting in January 2007, it did not conflict with her commitments on "Stargate". After the fourth season of "Atlantis", Tapping was offered to return to the fifth season and she accepted. When "Sanctuary" was picked up to a television series, Tapping decided to turn down the "Atlantis" contract, having been encouraged by her husband to move on after playing Carter for eleven years. She went through a "weird disconnect" playing Magnus since "Sam Carter was so much a part of me". However, she was able to embrace playing a new character "pretty quickly".
Nevertheless Tapping found it a challenge to play a different character, as Carter and Magnus have differing personalities and points of view; "after playing a character like Sam Carter for so long where her physicality is so comfortable – Sam is so comfortable in her own skin and Helen is this very sexual, more mysterious being. She has a much darker edge to her and it was sort of finding that because Carter always looks on the bright side and Helen has been around so long, and has seen so much of the evil in human society if you will." Whilst filming the webisodes, Tapping wore a dark-haired wig, but when the television series was being shot, she dyed her hair to match the hair colour of the wig. Tapping spoke with an English accent throughout the run of the series. Although many of her relatives are from the United Kingdom and speak with British accents Tapping found the accent a challenge, as her character came from the Victorian era, which is a "very specific way of speaking. She clings to that eccentricity a bit, to that Britishness." The actress listened to several different voices, as she had to factor in the fact that Magnus lived all around the world.
"Sanctuary" was mostly filmed on virtual green screen sets. Initially Tapping went through what she called "chroma key green headaches" because she had to stare at nothing but bright green walls for the first few days. When she got used to it, she likened filming on green screen to working in theatre. In the second season her daughter, Ashley was killed off. The producers, as well as the American and Canadian networks to give the character, including Magnus, a deep and most dramatic impact. They also wanted Magnus to feel more angry and vulnerable throughout the season, especially in the first three episodes. After playing Magnus in the series' third season, Tapping admitted that she still does not get Magnus because "there's so many things about the decisions that she makes that I still can't wrap my head around, and to me that's fascinating as an actor, to try to get inside somebody so complex and so kind of confusing." In the episode "Normandy", Tapping wore a red-haired wig for Magnus during her time in the Second World War, as an homage to her late grandmother. For the fourth season, Tapping requested that Magnus would be given a new love interest. The request was granted in the form of a female virologist appearing early in the season (thus establishing Magnus's bisexuality).
In addition to being an actor, Tapping was also an executive producer on the series. However, she did not get paid extra as that salary would go towards financing the show, which was not backed up by a studio. She also served as a director on certain days if other directors were unavailable, or called in sick. In the second season, she was allowed to direct "Veritas", the seventh episode.
Reception.
Critical reaction.
According to Mark Wilson of "About.com", Amanda Tapping was enthusiastic about creating a radically different character after eleven years playing Samantha Carter in "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis", and expended tremendous effort to separate Helen from Carter as successfully as possible. Tapping was able to successfully portray a woman who's experienced a century and a half of isolation, strangeness, and relentless compassion. Rick Bentley from "McClatchy Newspapers" commented Tapping's role as Dr. Magnus was a way for the actor to make a name of herself outside the "Stargate" universe as Carter. Magnus is also described as a "non-glib, female Jack Harkness;" Jack Harkness being the main character from the British science fiction show "Torchwood". Hilary Rothing of UGO said that "Dr. Helen Magnus is intelligent, alluring and has one of those tasty British accents – Victorian era to be exact. That's because she's a 157 years old. But seriously, she doesn't look a day over 35." She also added that Tapping is "right at home" taking the lead for the show. Alex Walker of Den of Geek believed Magnus was "typical for an English character in an American TV show, with a liking for tea and a cut-glass elocution betraying no hint of a regional accent". Helen Magnus has been listed number ten in "TV Squad's" "Ten Most mysterious characters on television".
Magnus's English accent was not well received by some critics. She was listed ninth in io9's "Worst Fake Accents From The Yanks (And Canucks) Of Science Fiction", with Meredith Woerner stating "I really want to like this new Sci Fi Channel show, especially since the monsters look amazing – but I'm worried Tapping's dreadful accent will get in the way. It sounds completely forced in all the clips I've seen so far, but I'll guess I'll have to wait until October 3 to make my full assessment." Maureen Ryan of the "Chicago Tribune" wondered why Tapping decided to speak with an "iffy accent," but added she would be of interest by fans of Tapping's previous works, notably "Stargate". Rob Owen of the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" called Tapping's English accent "unremarkable", whilst calling the show an "unremarkable series."
Accolades.
Over the course of the series, Tapping's portrayal of Magnus resulted in several award nominations. Tapping was nominated for a 2009 Gemini Award for "Best Performance by an Actress in a Continuing Leading Dramatic Role," for her role in "Requiem", but lost out to "Being Erica's" Erin Karpluk In the same year, Tapping won the similar "Best Lead Performance by a Female in a Dramatic Series" Leo Award for the same episode. She was nominated for the same category again in 2010 for "Pavor Nocturnus", and in 2011 for "Breach", but lost out to Erin Karpluk and "Blackstone's" Carmen Moore, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20732897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732897" title="Frank Sigafoos">
Frank Sigafoos

Francis Leonard "Frank" Sigafoos (March 21, 1904 – April 12, 1968) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. Sigafoos played for the Philadelphia Athletics, Detroit Tigers, Chicago White Sox and the Cincinnati Reds. In 55 career games, Sigafoos had 27 hits in 134 at-bats, a .201.
He batted and threw right-handed. Sigafoos attended Purdue University, where he played college baseball for the Boilermakers from 1923–1926.
Sigafoos was born in Easton, Pennsylvania, and died in Indianapolis, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20732901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732901" title="Bonnie &amp; Clyde (Die Toten Hosen song)">
Bonnie &amp; Clyde (Die Toten Hosen song)

"Bonnie & Clyde" is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the third single and the ninth track from the album "Opium fürs Volk".
"Bonnie & Clyde" is a romantic song about a man and a woman, who want to play Bonnie and Clyde - criminals that are in love with each other. At the start of the song, the two have never met before, but the man knows she's the one he's been missing.
An English version was recorded for "Crash-Landing".
Luna covered this song on their album "Lunafied". Die Ärzte covered the song as a part of a medley in a concert of 1998, which is available on the single of "".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Ralf Schmerberg.
In the video, the two meet in the jail and after they're released, they start a path together, starting with stealing a car. Then they perform an armed robbery on a cash-in-transit and make love in a hotel. Their sleep is cut short by a police squad coming to arrest them. They are brought to jail, however they escape with the help of band mates (the man is played by Campino). The woman gets shot and the gang tries to escape in a car (with "ON TOUR" written on it), but the driver (played by Andi) gets shot too and they crash the car, which results in a fatal explosion.

</doc>
<doc id="20732907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732907" title="Urban Umpires">
Urban Umpires

Urban Umpires is a domestic stock corporation working mainly in the realm of multimedia and a private Organization. 
It was founded in 2004 by Just Jay who initiated Urban Umpires as a collection of entrepreneurs, DJ’s, Producers, MC’s, Graffiti Artists, Videographers, Instrumental Artists, Graphic Designers, and the like several years before the companies incorporation.
Urban Umpires is most widely known for its private hip hop organization whose members (as known to date) are listed below: 
Umpires
Amad Jamal Aka Tom Bradley
Marc Stretch of Foreign Legion 
Cold Showda (MC)
B-Smoove (MC)
MoJo Swagger (MC)
Brisk-1 (Producer)
Concise Kilgore 
Senior Umpires
DJ Coop D’ville 
Various Blends 
Ras Cue Aka Black Burgandy/EBF (V.P. of Operations)
Friz B (Bola) 
CrushDelight (V.P.)
Just Jay (C.E.O. Founder)
The Junior Umpires membership list is currently private. The only publicly known members are:
Structure.
Urban Umpires Incorporated was established in 2006 however the Urban Umpires Organization itself dates back several years earlier as Urban Umpires structure is twofold. 
There are members of the organization (Umpires) currently acting as C.E.O. and V.P., as well as some whom sit on the Board of Directors of the corporation itself. However the Umpires themselves are not all involved in the corporate aspect of Urban Umpires. The subsect – or original defining body – of Urban Umpires is the Umpires Organization.
The Umpires Organization consists of select Umpires who represent Urban Umpires interests in Urban Umpires Inc.. Unofficially Urban Umpires also includes select group of Urban Umpires affiliates including Hieroglyphics, DAE Recordings, Marcus Aurelius, Chocolate Sound, The Solution, Santero, Tha Fruitbat, Cali Agents (Rasco and Planet Asia), Adisa Banjoko, Dilated Peoples, & Freddie Foxxx to name a few.
Radio.
Urban Umpires established itself in radio with small independent online radio broadcaster btr in 2006. Urban Umpires hip hop mix show The Third Rail’s debut made it the 7th show in total airing on the stations 7 day rotation at the time. 
In an 2006 (June 22) interview Umpire Just Jay stated "Anyone who knows and loves hip hop music is tired of how image is everything in the genre," said DJ Just Jay. " Our (Urban Umpires)show is dedicated to preserving the true foundation of urban culture where the only thing that matters is the skill of the artists. Listeners will be treated to artists who remember the fundamentals of the old school while providing innovative audio stimulation for the new school.
By early 2007 Urban Umpires was the largest single content provider to the broadcaster with a total of 8 original muti-genre shows, as well as artist interviews and video content. Mid 2007 Urban Umpires provided 10% of the stations total music programming content and Umpire Just Jay was officially titled the stations Urban Platform Programming Director. 
Urban Platform:
The Third Rail - Hip Hop
Bhangra Beats
Dancehall Riddims
Latin Hip Hop
World Hip Hop - Hip Hop in World tongue
Glitch IDM – Intelligent Dance Music
Electric Avenue – Deep House 
Downtime Sessions – Downtempo/Trip-hop
At its peak the eight show platforms audience reached over 40 million listeners weekly. 
The original show - The Third Rail - aired 120 episodes and the proceeding shows nearly 100 apiece. Afrika Bambatta, RZA from Wu Tang, Money B of Digital Underground, even the Notorious Vic Black form The Gang Starr Foundation (who after 20+ years in the game made his DJ'ing Debut on Urban Umpires The Third Rail) and countless others guest hosted, were interviewed for, and supported the platform of shows.
In early 2008 Just Jay collaborated with MC Opio (Souls of Mischief/Hieroglyphics)on the artists Vultures wisdom Vol.1 DVD via video content fabrication and production. The album was hailed as the years hip hop standard for indie progressive urban videography and lyrical content. 
Urban Umpires and MySpace both released authorized sneak peeks of the album. 
Myspace the released the cut version. Urban Umpires took it a couple of steps further releasing the Uncut vocal and unreleased inst. tracks along with a personal artist interview with Opio via Urban Umpires The Third Rail online radio mixshow in which the artist interacted throughout the album (see Urban Umpires and Radio). 
The Umpires, all the represented artists played on the platform of shows, affiliates invested in the platform etc. parted with the station in late 2008. Possession of the music library, rights to play content of the platforms library, the entirety of the urban platforms content and related audio, visual and written remain property of Urban Umpires Inc. 
Urban Umpires has moved the platform to MadMixRadio.com, which is set to launch Summer 2010.
Interesting Urban Umpires Facts.
Urban Umpire Just Jay did the cuts on former NFL football player turned rapper FMZ's song Bad Name off the album Ghetto passport. The song uses a fully authorized Bon Jovi song remixed as its music base. David Lyndon Huff Executive Officer of World Jam oversaw the project.
Concise Kilgore was a protégé of Bahamadia taking his first ever tour to Europe with her..
Urban Umpires regularly involves itself in charity and has organized events with sponsorship from The National Kidney Foundation, Hip Hop Chess Federation, Mixer Friendly and countless of generous others as well as supported the individual endeavors of hand delivered sustenance providers.
Urban Umpire Brisk One is a widely respected graffiti artist and has been featured for his art in many national and international publications.
In June 2009 Urban Umpires organized ResCue one of the worlds largest independent hip hop and house events for charity ever executed until that time. The event (held a Temple in San Francisco California) featured over 35 lyrical artists and over 10 DJ's all of whom provided their services for free to the Urban Umpires charitable event.
Urban Umpires Music.
Please help finish this section.
Urban Umpires is widely known for its cutting edge indie video, film, music, and written art.

</doc>
<doc id="20732909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732909" title="Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 109">
Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 109

Site 109/95 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome is a missile silo built for use by the R-36 missile, which has been converted into a launch site for the Dnepr-1 carrier rocket.
Nineteen R-36 ICBMs were launched on test flights from Site 109 between its activation in 1974, and deactivation in 1983. It was subsequently reactivated for the Dnepr programme, which uses a modified R-36 missile to place satellites into orbit. The Dnepr made its maiden flight from Site 109 on 21 April 1999. The most recent launch from Site 109 was a Dnepr, with the German TanDEM-X satellite, which was launched on 21 June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20732920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732920" title="Patsy Cline's Golden Hits">
Patsy Cline's Golden Hits

"Patsy Cline's Golden Hits" is a 1962 compilation album that consisted of material recorded by country music singer, Patsy Cline.
"Patsy Cline's Golden Hits" was only one of two compilation albums released during Patsy Cline's lifetime. The album consisted of some tracks recorded by Cline under her first record label, Four Star. It included her 1957 hit, "Walkin' After Midnight," and other lesser-known singles that were released, such as "I Don't Wanta," "Three Cigarettes (In an Ashtray)," and "I Can See an Angel." It was released by Everest Records and has not been reissued since its initial release in 1962. The exact month and day of its release is unknown. 
The cover design for the album was designed by the Francis & Monahan Inc. and the liner notes were written by Lee Zhito.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="20732925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732925" title="Benoît Sinzogan">
Benoît Sinzogan

Benoît Sinzogan (born July 14, 1930) is a Beninese military officer and politician, best known for leading his country's gendarmerie in the late 1960s. He was a member of the Fon ethnic group, which dominated the Beninese (then known as Dahomeyan) army from 1965 to 1967. After Maurice Kouandété usurped the presidency on December 17, Sinzogan was placed under house arrest until December 19. That day, Sinzogan was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs, his first political post, which he held until July 1968. He was a member of the Military Directorate, which ruled Dahomey from 1969-1970. Academic Samuel Decalo described the man as "too timid to mount a coup" during the 1960s and 1970s, being "one of Dahomey's few senior officers not to attempt to."
Military background.
Sinzogan was born on July 14, 1930 in Abomey, Dahomey. He was a member of the Fon ethnic group, which dominated the Beninese (then known as Dahomeyan) army from 1965 to 1967. Sinzogan was General Christophe Soglo's aide and commander of the First Battalion in Cotonou.
Sinzogan's rise to power occurred during a period of intense regionalism in Dahomey. They were spurred by the historical resentment shared by members of the former kingdoms of Abomey, Porto Novo, and disorganised tribes from the north. Its result was the creation of three "de facto" tribal zones: the north, southeast, and southwest. This regionalism permeated into the armed forces, compounded by divisions of officers into cliques based on education. Hachème was a member of what Decalo called the Abomey clique, which also included prominent offices Philippe Aho, Jean-Baptiste Hachème, and Benoit Adandejan.
He was the original head of the Comité Militare de Vigilance when it was established on April 6, 1967, which was set up to administer President Christophe Soglo's regime. Maurice Kouandété was established as his vice president. As corruption began to seep in, the Comite lost its value. After Kouandete usurped the presidency on December 17, Sinzogan was placed under house arrest at the Ghezo military camp until December 19.
Political career.
That day, Sinzogan was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs, his first political post, which he held until July 1968. In September, he was named the leader of the national police. He held that office until August 1970, during which time he was given the post of president of the gendarmerie.
On December 10, 1969, Kouandété staged another coup, against then-president Emile Derlin Zinsou. A Military Directorate was formed on December 13 to administer Dahomey in the aftermath. Sinzogan was a member, the head of the ministries of Justice, Foreign Affairs, and Education. When Hubert Maga was proclaimed head of a Presidential Council on May 7, 1970, Sinzogan lost that post.
Sinzogan was alternate judge of the military trial convened in 1972 to address an attempted coup that Kouandété tried to perpetrate. He handed the death penalty to Kouandété and two of his companions. In October, when Mathieu Kérékou seized power in a coup, Sinzogan was removed from the military and appointed commissioner of the National Society of the Development of the Forest (S.N.A.F.O.R.). Academic Samuel Decalo described the man as "too timid to mount a coup" during the 1960s and 1970s, being "one of Dahomey's few senior officers not to attempt to."

</doc>
<doc id="20732936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732936" title="National Bank of China">
National Bank of China

The National Bank of China () was a bank in Hong Kong. It was founded in 1891 by the Poon's family, a wealthy and influential Guangzhou family. It is the first banknote issuer to be financed by Chinese merchants, began operations and issued banknotes of denominations of HK$5 and HK$10. But the bank closed in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20732942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732942" title="Farthinghoe railway station">
Farthinghoe railway station

Farthinghoe was a railway station which served the Northamptonshire village of Farthinghoe in England. It opened in 1851 as part of the Buckinghamshire Railway's branch line to Verney Junction which provided connections to Bletchley and Oxford and closed in 1963.
History.
Situated in an isolated location over a mile from the village from which it took its name - and further still from two others it was supposed to serve: Greatworth and Middleton Cheney - Farthinghoe station first appeared in timetables in October 1851. Its precise opening date is unknown, but was almost certainly within one year of the line's inauguration. 
The Buckinghamshire Railway provided basic facilities which consisted of a single wooden platform and solitary goods siding on the up side of the line. The main station building, a part-timber and part-brick structure in an "H" shape, was of unusual construction, with the main ticket office and booking hall housed in a one-storey weather-boarded wing with a steeply-pitched gable roof which projected over the platform as a sort of makeshift canopy. The stationmaster occupied an adjacent two-storey building which was linked with the ticket office by a two-storey tile-hung central block which contained a waiting room. The style of construction can be explained by the Buckingham Railway's need to save on costs in the face of an economic crisis. 
The station boasted limited goods facilities, with a cattle dock and weigh bridge provided for the mainly agricultural traffic. Until the mid-1930s, goods trains would shunt the siding daily with regular loads of pink roadstone granite as well as coal for W. Palmer & Son, local coal merchants. The Second World War saw Farthinghoe handle ammunition destined for the RAF's Hinton-in-the-Hedges Airfield.
Farthinghoe station was situated on the busiest section of the line, the 5½ mile stretch from Merton Street to Cockley Brake, where there was a junction with the Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway (SMJ). Opened on 1 June 1872, the section provided connections to Towcester and Blisworth. The LNWR and SMJ jointly served Farthinghoe and Merton Street until they were absorbed into the London, Midland and Scottish Railway on 1 January 1923 upon the railway grouping. The station lost its stationmaster from 1930 and came under the control of Banbury, only 3½ miles away. Former SMJ passenger services were withdrawn as from 2 July 1951. Farthinghoe was itself to close to passengers the following year.
Present day.
The station buildings have been demolished and replaced by a council dump and pulveriser plant. One feature has, however, survived - a plum tree which stood in the stationmaster's garden. The meadow which adjoined the station and which was used for holding cattle and sheep prior to transfer to Banbury Market is now part of Farthinghoe Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20732968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732968" title="Musée archéologique">
Musée archéologique

Musée archéologique may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20732980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732980" title="Dauda Badaru">
Dauda Badaru

Dauda Badaru (born 1929) is a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1968 to 1969 and again from 1970 to 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20732988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732988" title="William &quot;Tank&quot; Black">
William &quot;Tank&quot; Black

William H. Black (known by the nickname “Tank”) (Born March 11, 1957) is a former sports agent. Black was an assistant coach for the University of South Carolina Gamecocks before starting his Columbia, South Carolina-based sports agency, Professional Management Incorporated (PMI) in 1988. His first client was former Gamecocks wide receiver Sterling Sharpe, a first-round draft pick by the Green Bay Packers in 1988.
Black’s career peaked in April 1999 when he set a new record for a single agent by signing five of that year’s 31 first-round NFL draft picks, plus three second round draft picks. Within a year he had been accused of improperly funneling cash to college players, and became implicated in a money laundering case, a Ponzi investment scheme, and allegations by the Securities and Exchange Commission that he was involved in a stock swindle. In a plea agreement, he admitted to money laundering and obstruction of justice charges, and lost a criminal trial on charges of stock fraud by the Securities and Exchange Commission. In 2004, while serving nearly seven years in prison, he represented himself in his appeal of the SEC-related case and won, effectively clearing himself of allegations that he cheated clients. He was released from prison in December 2007.
Early life.
William H. Black, Jr. was born on March 11, 1957 in Johnson City, Tennessee, to William H. Black, Sr. and Thelma Brown. His father nicknamed him “Tank” because of his son’s unusual birth weight (11 pounds) and broad head.
College Coaching Career.
Black joined the coaching staff at University of Tennessee-Chattanooga in 1980, and in 1983, became a wide receiver coach at University of South Carolina, and the school’s top recruiter. In 1987, Black left the program after he was passed over for a promised promotion to offensive coordinator in favor of Atlanta Falcons assistant coach Al Groh, who was white. South Carolina’s then-athletic director, Bob Marcum, denied that race played a role.
Professional Management Incorporated.
In 1990, Black founded Professional Management Incorporated with Bill Bradshaw, a Columbia businessman and one of Black’s former wide receivers at South Carolina, and a marquee client, Sterling Sharpe, whom Black had known from his days coaching at South Carolina. Black and Bradshaw had an amicable split in 1995 when Black purchased Bradshaw's ownership in PMI.
With his college recruiting skills, his own experience as a player, his shared cultural background, and personal charisma, Black eventually represented over 50 black NFL players, as well as National Basketball Association star Vince Carter. He also owned a travel agency, an outgrowth of his sports agency.
Downfall.
Black hired James Franklin, Jr., a Columbia, South Carolina lawyer, in September 1997 to help manage the growing business. Franklin introduced Black to representatives of Cash 4 Titles, which made small loans at high interest rates to individuals who put their cars up as collateral. Cash 4 Titles was looking for investors and promising a 20% return, and offered commissions to Black’s firm for investments by his clients. Black subsequently invested his own money along with some of his clients, friends, and family. Unknown to Black at the time, Cash 4 Titles was a ponzi scheme and Franklin was secretly being paid finder's fees by Cash 4 Titles.
Black was emerging as one of America’s top African-American businessmen, and began to expand his business, including purchase of a hotel property in Detroit, where gambling had recently been legalized. The seller of the hotel, John Bryant, and an associate, Dean Parker, became friendly with Black and began to invest in Cash 4 Titles, showing up in South Carolina with bags of cash. Bryant and Parker were principals in a Detroit-based cocaine operation.
By 1999, Black was looking for new business opportunities and began preliminary talks to sell his agency to Percy Miller, better known as rap star Master P. Black's company (PMI) was estimated to be worth as much as $100 million at the time.
In 1999, a rival agent complained to the NFL Players Association that Black was illegally providing money to college players before they were eligible for the draft. In May, the University of Florida police department formally charged Black with violating Florida laws against early recruiting of college players and executed a search warrant on Black’s Columbia, South Carolina office. In a highly questionable move, the university police turned over all of Black’s records to the NFL Players Association. Black went to court and won possession of his records back but a month later, the FBI executed a search warrant on PMI’s offices, again removing all his records and computers.
With controversy swirling around him, Black’s clients began asking for their money back from Cash 4 Titles. The company returned some of the money but was itself the subject of an SEC investigation. By Feb., 2000, Cash 4 Titles was exposed as a fraud, and Black was charged with “fraudulently causing two dozen athletes” to lose an estimated $13.5 million.
By July 2000, Black had pleaded guilty to providing loans to college players in Florida, was facing SEC fraud charges, was being sued by several of his players for the money they lost in Cash 4 Titles, and had been indicted in Detroit on money laundering and drug charges related to his involvement in Bryant’s investments in Cash 4 Titles. Black ended up pleading guilty to money laundering.
Consequences.
Black was sentenced to 82 months in prison on the money laundering charges in Michigan. In Florida, he fought the SEC charges but was found guilty of fraud, and obstruction of justice. Four years later, while in jail, Black represented himself in an appeal of a civil suit the SEC had filed against him and won. The court found there was no evidence that Black knew anything about the Cash 4 Titles scheme.
In June 2001, the television program “America’s Most Wanted” aired a segment on Dean Parker, a fugitive in the Detroit cocaine case. Black agreed to be interviewed for the program in prison, talking about his relationship with Parker and how he had allowed Parker to use Black's leased jet to escape to Jamaica. Parker committed suicide a few months later as police were about to arrest him in East St. Louis, Illinois.
In October 2004, while still in prison, Black sued Vince Carter for $14 million in unpaid agent fees. Black won and to avoid a protracted appeal, settled for $10 million with the Carter family.
Black was released from federal prison in December 2007, and from a halfway house in May 2008.
Clients Represented.
Terry Allen (New England Patriots)
Reidel Anthony (Tampa Bay Buccaneers)
Carl Banks (New York Giants)
Eric Bienemy (Philadelphia Eagles)
Robert Brooks (Green Bay Packers)
Vince Carter (NBA; Toronto Raptors)
Mark Clayton (Miami Dolphins)
Germane Crowell (Detroit Lions)
Rae Carruth (Carolina Panthers)
Antuan Edwards (Green Bay Packers)
Troy Edwards (Pittsburgh Steelers)
Kevin Faulk (New England Patriots)
Harold Green (Atlanta Falcons)
Jacquez Green (Tampa Bay Buccaneers)
Deon Figures (Jacksonville Jaguars)
Ike Hilliard (New York Giants) 
Jevon Kearse (Philadelphia Eagles)
Ed McDaniel (Minnesota Vikings)
Johnny McWilliams (Arizona Cardinals)
Natrone Means (San Diego Chargers)
Corey Miller (New York Giants)
Andre Rison (Kansas City Chiefs)
Johnny Rutledge (Arizona Cardinals)
Shannon Sharpe (Denver Broncos)
Sterling Sharpe (Green Bay Packers)
Duce Staley (Philadelphia Eagles)
Jamain Stephens (Cincinnati Bengals/Wash. Redskins)
Fred Taylor (Jacksonville Jaguars) 
Al Wilson (Denver Broncos)

</doc>
<doc id="20732999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20732999" title="DSC Multi-Purpose Stadium">
DSC Multi-Purpose Stadium

DSC Multi-Purpose Stadium is a description of a new multi-use stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates that is currently under construction. It can be used for football, cricket, Rugby League, rugby union, and athletics. It was due to open in late 2009, but the financial crisis in Dubai has put its construction on hold. It will have a capacity of 60,000 spectators. It is part of the new mixed-use Dubai Sports City, currently being constructed in Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="20733011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733011" title="Michael Berg (disambiguation)">
Michael Berg (disambiguation)

Michael Berg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20733022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733022" title="Michel Ahouanmenou">
Michel Ahouanmenou

Michel Ahouanmenou (1916–1979) was a Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1971 to 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20733032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733032" title="Bin County">
Bin County

Bin County may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="20733060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733060" title="University of Atlanta">
University of Atlanta

The University of Atlanta is a private for-profit distance education institution based in Atlanta, Georgia. It is authorized by the Georgia Nonpublic Postsecondary Education Commission. Beginning in 2008, it held accreditation from the Distance Education and Training Council (DETC), but its accreditation was terminated in 2013. The university's website lists Nick Mithani as founder and Alex Mithani as co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and Director of International Education and Partnerships.
History.
Operation as Barrington University.
The University of Atlanta was founded as Barrington University (not to be confused with Barrington College) in the early 1990s by Robert and Steven Bettinger. By 1995, it was operating out of a Burlington, Vermont, address offering distance-learning degrees. The school lacked state approval. In Vermont, it is a crime for an unaccredited college to offer degrees. In 1995, the state successfully sued and fined Barrington for fraud. The state's investigation revealed that the physical campus was a rented post office box. The school was claiming that its degrees would raise buyers' lifetime earnings by $1 million. Barrington then moved to Mobile, Alabama, offering $4,450 degrees granting considerable credit for life experiences.
Barrington operated as a subsidiary of Boca Raton-based Virtual Academics. The company's literature claimed that its chairman had a doctorate and a masters degree; an investigation showed that he had neither. Barrington also claimed accreditation by the International Association of Universities and Schools Inc. (IAUS). However, a 2003 investigation by the "South Florida Business Journal" revealed this was a for-profit corporation set up in Florida (not Switzerland or Washington, D.C., as claimed) by Virtual Academics' chairman, Robert Bettinger, and the owner of another for-profit college in 1998. According to the "New York Post", they did this to avoid further problems due to their schools' lack of accreditation. The IAUS' charter was subsequently dissolved by the State of Florida for failure to pay annual registration fees. The "South Florida Business Journal" also reported that Barrington was paying professors and schools in China commissions to sell Barrington degrees to Chinese students; this revelation caused a major drop in Chinese enrollments and a resulting decline in revenues. Virtual Academics then changed its name to Cenuco and announced its intention to focus on wireless products; according to the "South Florida Business Journal", this was due to the adverse publicity associated with the chairman's missing doctorate and the Chinese enrollment problem.
The school began having problems with the State of Alabama as early as 2000. The state threatened to revoke its operating license. State investigators determined that Barrington had been operating out of the offices of a secretarial and answering service.
In 2004, Cenuco, still run by the Bettingers, sold the school to Georgia-based Rarefied, LLC, run by Akber Mithani, for $300,000 cash and a $700,000 seller-financed loan. Rarefied continued the school's operation with the same employees in the same location, a office. A General Accounting Office investigation found that Barrington was offering degrees for a fee based solely on life experience and requiring no classroom experience. By 2008, the State of Alabama was conducting a crackdown on such schools operating in Alabama, requiring that all be accredited or actively seeking accreditation by October.
Establishment and operation as University of Atlanta.
In 2008, while still operating in Mobile, Barrington changed its name to the University of Atlanta. Students were informed via a forum post that the change of name would be effective from March 15, 2006. The university also received accreditation from the federally recognized Distance Education and Training Council (DETC). The DETC noted the school was founded in 1991 but started in 2006. The school subsequently moved to the Atlanta area. As of February 2012 it was reported to be located in Norcross, Georgia.
In early 2012, the University of Atlanta's accreditor, the DETC, announced that the school had stopped enrolling new students and that its accreditation would expire on June 30, 2013. Until then, the university's DETC accreditation is applicable only to the "teach-out" of current students and the university was reported as no longer accepting new enrollments.
Dubai campus.
A branch campus in Dubai, opened in 2008, provides support services for online degree students in the United Arab Emirates and Persian Gulf region. In 2010, the university cooperated with Texila American University, Mahatma Gandhi University, Universidad Central de Nicaragua, and Universidad Azteca to form the International Institute of Management and Technology Studies ( IIMTS) offering educational programmes to the institutes of high education in Central America, Europe, Asia and Middle East.
Affiliations.
The university is a member of the European Association for Distance Learning and American Council on Education. In 2008, it became affiliated with the United States Department of Defense's Defense Activity for Non-Traditional Education Support (DANTES), but does not appear in the DANTES catalog as of January 2014. The university is accredited with premier status by the Accreditation Service for International Colleges (ASIC) in the United Kingdom.
Degrees.
As of 2009, the University of Atlanta granted Bachelor of Science (BSc) and Master of Science (MSc) degrees in the fields of business, social science, computer science, and education and healthcare administration. It offers Master of Business Administration (MBA) and Doctor of Business Administration (DBA) with concentrations in administration, finance, international business, marketing, human resource management, management information systems, computer science, educational leadership, and criminal justice.

</doc>
<doc id="20733083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733083" title="DSC Cricket Stadium">
DSC Cricket Stadium

DSC Cricket Stadium also known as the Dubai Sports City Cricket Stadium is a description of a new multi-purpose stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is mainly used for cricket and is one of three stadiums in the country, the other two being Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium and Abu Dhabi Sheikh Zayed Cricket Stadium. It has a capacity of 25,000 spectators, but is expandable to 30,000 spectators. It is a part of the Dubai Sports City in Dubai.
Stadium History.
The first ODI cricket match played here was between Australia and Pakistan on April 22, 2009; it was won by Pakistan. The stadium's first player to take a five-wicket haul was Shahid Afridi with 6/38, which was his career best figures at the time.
The top score at this stadium is 135* held by Jacques Kallis. After this Pakistan held a series against New Zealand and one Twenty20 International against England. This followed with a five-match ODI series of which three matches were played at this stadium. The second match in the stadium was also the last match by Australian international all-rounder Andrew Symonds.
The October 2010 series of Pakistan vs South Africa ended with a 3-2 series win for South Africa. South Africa sealed the series with a 57 run win against Pakistan. The stadium hosted its first Test match when Pakistan played South Africa on 12 November 2010, the match resulted in a draw.
In 2012 Pakistan met England in the first test at Dubai. Pakistan won it easily, by 10 wickets. Saeed Ajmal was the Man-of-the-Match, after his outstanding 10 wicket haul.
In 2012 in mid-August Pakistan played three T20s against Australia, which was a grand success, just before the ICC World T20, including a super over in the final match, which Pakistan won.
Stadium's Unique Lighting System.
The DSC Cricket Stadium is lit by a special system of floodlights named 'Ring of Fire'. Unlike other stadiums in the world, this stadium has the lights fixed around the circumference of the round roof of the stadium, thereby minimizing the shadows of objects in the ground. 

</doc>
<doc id="20733093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733093" title="Musée alsacien">
Musée alsacien

Musée alsacien may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20733102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733102" title="Louis Delmas">
Louis Delmas

Louis Delmas (born April 12, 1987) is an American Football safety, currently a free agent of the National Football League. Delmas is of Haitian descent. He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Western Michigan.
Early life and high school career.
Delmas played high school football at North Miami Beach High School in North Miami Beach, Florida.
College career.
Delmas played college football at Western Michigan from 2005–2008. The Broncos made the 2008 Texas Bowl in his senior year but lost to Rice 38–14. Delmas was named to the All-MAC Defensive First Team in 2008 and played in the 2009 Senior Bowl All-Star game.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Delmas was considered by some to be a top-10 prospect at his position in the 2009 NFL Draft. Prior to the draft, ESPN's Todd McShay said Delmas had a chance to get drafted in the first three rounds. Delmas was drafted 1st in the second round by the Detroit Lions (33rd overall). Delmas was named the 2009 Detroit Lions Rookie of the Year in voting by the Detroit Sports Broadcasters Association.
Detroit Lions.
Delmas was signed by the Lions to a four-year contract. Delmas returned a 65-yard fumble for a touchdown in Week 1 of the 2009 season against the New Orleans Saints. Delmas won September's rookie defensive player of the month award. On December 20, 2009, Delmas became the first rookie in NFL history to record an interception return for a touchdown, a fumble return for a touchdown and a safety in the same season. He is only the second player in NFL history to accomplish the feats in the same season.
Delmas was named a Pro Bowl alternate for the NFC after the 2010 NFL season.
Delmas was named a Pro Bowl alternate for the NFC after the 2011 NFL season, despite missing five games to injuries.
On March 15, 2013, Delmas re-signed with the Lions to a two-year contract worth $9.465 million.
On Sunday October 6, 2013, Lion's Center Dominic Raiola was involved in an incident of trash-talking and hate-speech to members of the UW-Wisconsin marching band. Louis Delmas is credited with both apologizing for his teammate's actions and having a word with Raiola off the field. 
Delmas was released on February 13, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20733122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733122" title="Elektra Records Co. v. Gem Electronic Distributors, Inc.">
Elektra Records Co. v. Gem Electronic Distributors, Inc.

Elektra Records Co. v. Gem Electronic Distributors, Inc. was an important case before the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York that concerned copyright infringement, which held that secondary persons or entities could be liable for that tort under certain circumstances, and is also called the "'make-a-tape' case".
The facts were that:
Federal courts have held that secondary tort liability exists when:
Knowledge of the infringement of the copyright is the essential element that "Elektra Records" developed.
Impact.
This case was used as a precedent for the US Supreme Court cases of "Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.", 125 S. Ct. 2764 (1984) and "MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd.", 464 U.S. 417 (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20733127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733127" title="Document review">
Document review

Document review (also known as doc review) is the process whereby each party to a case sorts through and analyzes the documents and data they possess (and later the documents and data supplied by their opponents through discovery) to determine which are sensitive or otherwise relevant to the case. Document Review is a valuable main staple of the type of work performed by attorneys for their clients, though it is increasingly common for the work to be performed by specialized document review attorneys.
Some types of cases that typically require large amounts of documents to be reviewed are litigation, mergers and acquisitions, and government and internal investigations (including internal audits). Regarding litigation, documents reviewed by attorneys are obtained through the discovery process, which is generally governed by rules of procedure for the presiding court. In cases in United States Federal Courts the rules related to discovery are Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (F.R.C.P.) 16, 26, 33, 34, 37, and 45 which were amended in 2006 to include "electronically stored information."
Though attorneys do still review hard copy documents today, most documents are reviewed electronically either as native files that were originally created electronically or as electronic copies of documents that were originally created in a hard copy format. During the doc review process, each document may be tagged according to certain categories, including whether it is relevant to an issue in the case, whether it is responsive to a discovery request (and therefore may need to be produced as part of the discovery process), whether it is confidential, or whether it is attorney client or otherwise privileged. When large amounts of documents need to be reviewed electronically, often a system is set up that includes review software. This system is known as a platform. Another term coming into common usage for this practice is e-discovery and it is becoming common to incorporate machine learning techniques to help curb the growing cost of document review, even when done electronically.
At times, even with the use of electronic document review platforms the volume of documents that need to be reviewed by an attorney for a case can be expansive and many attorneys including even highly staffed international law firms will need to obtain assistance beyond their standard resources. In these instances other attorneys are often brought into the case to assist specifically with the review of the documents. Traditionally, the additional attorneys needed to assist were hired on directly by attorneys and firms, or they may have worked as independent contractors. In recent years, many legal staffing companies have begun to act as intermediary employers between the law firms and the attorneys hired to assist with the document review.
This trend has led to controversy in the legal profession as more and more of the work traditionally performed by U.S. attorneys is being outsourced to countries like India as a result of the legal staffing companies attempting to drive the rates down to remain competitive.
Traditional markets in the United States where many attorneys and firms typically hire additional attorneys to assist with document review are Washington, D.C., New York City, Los Angeles, Houston, and Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="20733135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733135" title="DSC Hockey Stadium">
DSC Hockey Stadium

DSC Hockey Stadium is a description of a new multi-use stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates that has been open since Apri1 2009 and has a capacity of 5,000 spectators. It is part of the new mixed-use sports city currently being constructed in Dubai, Dubai Sports City. It was host the 2009 men's and women's Hockey Asia Cup, but the tournament was moved to Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="20733137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733137" title="Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan (TV series)">
Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan (TV series)

Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan is a Hindi language comedy series that aired on Zee TV channel. The series aired every Wednesday at 7:30pm IST. The concept of this comedy draws greatly from the city of Mumbai - the melting pot of rural simplicity and urban complexity. 
Overview.
The story revolves around a simple man, Hariprasad who comes to Mumbai from a small village, Jaunpur to fulfill his dream of becoming a glamour photographer. He has worked very hard to shed his small-town image, anglicised his name from Hariprasad to Harry and hates talking about his past. He tries to act as if he is from a foreign country and not from a small city of India. The story takes a twist when Hariprasad comes to know that his cousin, Balkrishna (Balu) is also coming to Mumbai to become a movie star. Sadly, Balu also gets a job where Harry already works, and now every time seeing Harry pretend to be a city slicker, Balu tries to unveil his truth of boy from a small village. And the sitcom begins!

</doc>
<doc id="20733138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733138" title="André Shepherd">
André Shepherd

André Shepherd is a U.S. Army Specialist and deserter who applied for asylum in Germany on November 26, 2008. He is the first Iraq War veteran to pursue refugee status in Europe and only the second U.S. soldier to ever apply for refugee status in Germany.
Background.
After attending college Shepherd enlisted in the military early in 2004. He claims he was enticed by promises of financial security and international adventure.
Service in Iraq.
U.S Army 412 Aviation Support Battalion
Specialist (E-4)
Deployment: September 2004-February 2005
Shepherd became an Apache helicopter airframe mechanic, hoping to someday qualify up to the role of helicopter pilot. His first unit was deployed to Iraq when he completed his training. Shepherd spent six months on a forward operating base near Tikrit, working 12-hour days to keep the heavily armed Apaches (and their signature Hellfire missiles) in the air.
Asylum Seeker in Germany.
Shepherd decided that he could no longer support the war in Iraq. He felt he could not apply for conscientious objection because U.S. military regulations state a conscientious objector must have an objection to all war in all form. Shepherd's objection was not in opposition to all wars under any circumstances.
On April 11, 2007 Shepherd went Absent Without Leave (AWOL) from his Katterbach base in Germany.
Shepherd's application for asylum cites a European Union regulation providing refugee status to a soldier who is in danger of being prosecuted if military service "would include crimes or acts" which violate international law. The application refers to the Nuremberg Trials (also see Nuremberg Principles), stating "It is established that a person cannot defend his or her actions by explaining that they had simply been following orders."
Shepherd stated on the grounds of his decision: “We should not be forced to fight an illegal war, nor should we be persecuted for refusing to do so” and “During the past five years we have waged a preemptive, internationally condemned war that was shown to be founded on a series of lies. After learning the truth about the nature of my military’s endeavors, I refuse to continue to be a part of this.” 
Shepherd's asylum application in effect asks Germany to define the war in Iraq as a violation of international law, which has led to opposition from some German politicians to the application, over worry that it could harm US–German relations.
Has been working with the Iraq Veterans Against the War for the past few months and has been a part of Winter Soldier: Europe that took place in Germany on March 14, 2009. Videos of the event where posted to YouTube by the IVAW.
Shepherd has managed to do very well out of his decision to desert, saying in an interview with the Wall Street Journal, 'I'm having the time of my life!' He has been given his own bed and room at the refugee detention center, and has received numerous other perks such as a cell phone, free language lessons from an asylum support group and a bank account periodically filled by his supporters.
The German printed Greenpeace magazine reported in its February 2009 edition about this asylum case.
On April 4, 2011, the German government announced that it had denied Shepherd's asylum application.
On April 7, 2011, Sheperd launched an appeal against the rejection.
On January 23, 2013, the administrative court in Munich was supposed to have heard his case. However, the hearing was cancelled. The court sent a request for a preliminary ruling to the Court of Justice in for clarification on applicable [European Union laws. Shepherd's appeal to the German court has been stayed pending the outcome of the European Court of Justice ruling.
Honors.
On February 7, 2009 André Shepherd was awarded with the Peace Prize "Peace through Conviction" of the Munich American Peace Committee. The award was presented in the context of protest activities against the Munich Conference for Security Policy.

</doc>
<doc id="20733152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733152" title="Robert Pitcher">
Robert Pitcher

Robert Pitcher (born 29 April 1964) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm slow bowler who played for Berkshire. He was born in Welwyn Garden City.
Pitcher, who represented Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1993 and 1995, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1995 NatWest Trophy, against Surrey. From the lower order, he scored 16 not out, though he was unable to save the team from a nine-wicket defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20733153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733153" title="Robert Horner (cricketer)">
Robert Horner (cricketer)

Robert Horner (born 20 January 1967) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Berkshire. He was born in Liskeard.
Horner, who represented Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1994 and 1999, made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1995 NatWest Trophy, against Surrey. Horner scored 32 runs in the match, the highest score of anyone in the Berkshire team, though he was unable to save the team from a nine-wicket defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20733169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733169" title="Michel Alladaye">
Michel Alladaye

Michel Alladaye (born 1940) is a former Beninese politician. He was the foreign minister of Benin from 1972 to 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20733172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733172" title="Narimanov">
Narimanov

Narimanov (masculine) or Narimanova (feminine or masculine genitive) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20733185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733185" title="Nigeria (disambiguation)">
Nigeria (disambiguation)

Nigeria is a country in West Africa.
Nigeria or Nigerian may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20733225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733225" title="Michael Venus (entertainer)">
Michael Venus (entertainer)

Michael Venus is a Canadian artist, actor and producer.
Born October 9, 1973 in Kapuskasing, Ontario, Canada, Venus moved to Windsor, Ontario at the age of 18 where he began working in the arts community of Windsor and nearby Detroit. There, with friends, he formed the artist collective "House of Venus" and began putting on various art shows, club nights and other events including an annual wearable art and wig festival called "Wiggle" which continues to this day. In 1994 he moved to Vancouver, British Columbia where he worked as an artist and event producer for 18 years.
In the mid 90's Michael also began work as his drag alter ego Miss Cotton who is House Mother and leading "Venus Girl" Cotton has done numerous stage and television work including legendary NYC Outdoor Drag Festival, "Wigstock" in 1999, starring in The New Pornographer's music video for "Sing Me Spanish Techno"and hostessing and curating the pre-show for the Official 2010 International Olympic Committee afterparty introducing INXS.
In the year 2000 Michael started the Icons and Demigods photo series where he collaborates with photographers recreating "POP" and "subculture images that shaped his aesthetic. In 2003 the first 17 images were exhibited at 1.6 Gallery in Venus Rising which was also the spotlight piece on Fashion Television the following year. In 2010 Venus put together another show and catalogue featuring 50 works in the series. That year Michael worked with editor/videographer Robert-John and edited eight short super 8 experimental films he shot through the late 1990's in Vancouver called "Supa 8". In 2012 he revisiting the series and is working on another eight. In 2009 Michael created many different Andy Warhol wigs for Douglas Coupland's "Mum and Dad" exhibit. In 2012 for Toronto Nuit Blanche Michael co-starred, cast and styled Coupland's "Museum of The Rapture".
In 2001, Venus began collaborating with filmmakers including Mark Kenneth Woods with whom he would later help produce the World's first LGBT sketch comedy series called the "House of Venus Show". The series began airing nationally in Canada on OUTtv in 2005 and would later air in France, Belgium, Switzerland on Pink TV, The Netherlands on OUTtv and the United States on the here! network. He also co-produced and co-starred in the feature film "Deb and Sisi" which premiered at the Out On Screen Vancouver Queer Film Festival in August, 2008. He currently co-stars in the TV comedy The Face of Furry Creek on OUTtv with Season 2 coming Summer 2014. Michael is working on 5 publications and numerous events to celebrate the House of Venus 20th year anniversary in Toronto for World Pride and Vancouver for Wiggle 20 .
Venus currently lives in Toronto, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20733231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733231" title="DSC Indoor Arena">
DSC Indoor Arena

DSC Indoor Arena is a description of a new multi-use indoor arena in Dubai, United Arab Emirates that was under construction until construction stopped because of the late-2000s recession. Once completed, it will mainly be used for basketball, tennis, ice hockey, and other indoor sports, as well as music concerts. It was due to open in 2009 and will have a capacity of 10,000 spectators. It is part of the new mixed-use sports city currently being constructed in Dubai, Dubai Sports City and was to host The Legends Rock Dubai tennis tournament starting in 2009. It was postponed until 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20733240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733240" title="Kip Homestead">
Kip Homestead

The Kip Homestead, is located in Rutherford, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The homestead was built in 1770 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 10, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20733244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733244" title="The Bulwark">
The Bulwark

The Bulwark is a 1946 (posthumous) novel by Theodore Dreiser.
Plot summary.
Hannah and Rufus Barnes, both Quakers, move out of Maine to Trenton, New Jersey, where Hannah's widowed sister lives. Their son Solon, the protagonist, meets Benecia Wallin; although she is affluent and he is not, they get married. Solon works in a bank in Philadelphia, where his Quaker values are contrary to financial ethos. He summons a bank examiner from Washington DC to stop the corrupt practices of some chief executives. Eventually, he resigns.
Meanwhile, two of his offspring, Etta and Stewart, repudiate their Quaker upbringing. While Orville gets married and Isobel works in a college, Etta moves to Wisconsin and then Greenwich Village under the influence of one of her friends, Volida La Porte. She has an affair with a painter, until he decides to go West to further his career. Moreover, Stewart accidentally kills one of his dates and commits suicide shortly after. Eventually, Benecia dies upon Etta's return; Solon dies of cancer as Etta watches over him.

</doc>
<doc id="20733256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733256" title="Willie – Before His Time">
Willie – Before His Time

Willie – Before His Time is a 1977 album by country singer Willie Nelson. The album features songs previously recorded by Nelson during the 1960s, re-released in order to take advantage of the popularity he gained during the mid-1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20733257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733257" title="Uncial 0305">
Uncial 0305

Uncial 0305 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The survived fragment is too brief for certain dating on a basis of Paleography.
The codex contains a small texts of the Gospel of Matthew 20:22-23.30-31, on 1 parchment leaf (24 cm by 17 cm). The leaf survived in a fragmentary condition. Probably it was written in two columns per page, 25 (?) lines per page, in uncial letters. 
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Copt. 133.2, fol. 3) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20733296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733296" title="List of first female mayors">
List of first female mayors

The first woman mayor recorded is believed to be Susanna Madora Salter of the United States who served as mayor of Argonia, Kansas in 1887. Since then women have been elected as mayors in cities across the Americas and around the world.
1880s.
1887
1890s.
1893
1900s.
1908
1910s.
1918
1920s.
1921
1922
1923
1925
1925
1926
1927
1928
1930s.
1936
1937
1938
1939
1940s.
1941
1944 
First woman mayor of Portsmouth, New Hampshire: Mary Carey Dondero 
1946
1949
1950s.
1950
1951
1953
1954
1956
1960s.
1961
1963
1965
1967
1968
1969
1970s.
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980s.
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990s.
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1998
1999
2000s.
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="20733300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733300" title="Ironman World Championship">
Ironman World Championship

The Ironman World Championship has been held annually in Hawaii since 1978, with an additional race in 1982. It is owned and organized by the World Triathlon Corporation. It is the annual culmination of a series of Ironman triathlon qualification races held throughout the world.
History.
From 1978 through 1980 the race was held on the island of Oahu, the course combining that of three events already held there: the Waikiki Roughwater Swim (2.4 mi./3.86 km), the Around-Oahu Bike Race (115 mi./185.07 km, originally a two-day event), and the Honolulu Marathon. The bike stage was reduced by 3 miles to link it to the start of the marathon course. In 1981 the race was moved to the less urbanized Big Island, keeping the distances the same: a open water swim in Kailua-Kona Bay, a bike ride across the Hawaiian lava desert to Hāwī and back, and a marathon (26 miles 385 yards, 42.195 km) run along the coast of the Big Island from Keauhou to Keahole Point and back to Kailua-Kona, finishing on Alii Drive.
Since 1982 the race has been held in the fall each year, before which it was held in the spring, giving two races in 1982. The most recent Ironman World Championship took place on October 12, 2013. Qualifying for the World Championship is achieved through placement in one of the other Ironman races or some Ironman 70.3 races.
The current Ironman Hawaii course record was set in 2011 by Craig Alexander (Australia), whose winning time was 8 hrs 3 mins 56 sec. The women's course record is 8 hrs 52 mins 14 sec, set in 2013 by Mirinda Carfrae (Australia), who also set the women's run course record in 2 hrs 50 mins 38 sec.
Athletes with disabilities compete in the event in the physically challenged category, which was instituted in 1997, and are required to meet the same cutoff times as able bodied competitors. Australian John Maclean was the first physically challenged athlete to complete the event.

</doc>
<doc id="20733310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733310" title="Erondu–Cymet syndrome">
Erondu–Cymet syndrome

Erondu–Cymet syndrome is a syndrome caused by a translocation on the 21st chromosome. The genetic karyotype for people with this condition is 46, XY, inv(21)(q11.2q22.1). Findings in these patients include hypotension, hypoxemia, seizures, and impairment of cognitive ability. Patients with this condition may have persistent left superior vena cava that drains into the left atrium, as well as pulmonary arteriovenous malformations. Erondu–Cymet syndrome was discovered in 2006 by Ugochi Erondu and Tyler Cymet.

</doc>
<doc id="20733341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733341" title="Manti Te'o">
Manti Te'o

Manti Malietau Louis Teʻo (; born January 26, 1991) is an American football linebacker for the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Notre Dame, was recognized as a consensus All-American, received eight national awards and became one of the most decorated college football players of all time. He was drafted with the 38th overall pick in the second round by the San Diego Chargers in the 2013 NFL Draft.
One of the enduring stories of Notre Dame's 2012 season was Te'o's strong play following the death of his grandmother and girlfriend, as well as his emergence as a Heisman Trophy candidate. In January 2013, the sports blog Deadspin revealed that the existence and death of his girlfriend had been faked. An acquaintance of Te'o confessed to orchestrating a hoax that lured Te'o into an online relationship with a nonexistent woman.
High school career.
Te'o played for Punahou School, a private co-ed institution in Manoa, Honolulu, where he had also attended middle school. Te'o began his varsity career in 2006 with stellar play that won him selection to the second-team all-state roster as a sophomore.
As a junior in 2007, Te'o was named the state defensive player of the year by the "Honolulu Advertiser" and the Gatorade state player of the year. He received first-team all-state honors while totaling 90 tackles and five sacks on defense and 400 rushing yards and ten touchdowns as a running back. Te'o drew considerable attention from colleges and recruiters in the process.
Te'o came into his senior year as one of the most celebrated players and recruits both on the state and national levels, landing on a number of national top ten recruiting lists before the start of the season. He received offers from over 30 college programs. During his senior year, Te'o helped lead Punahou to its first-ever state championship in football during the 2008 season. He amassed 129 tackles, including 11 sacks, forced three fumbles, tipped four passes and totaled 19 quarterback hurries. On offense at running back, Te'o rushed for 176 yards (5.3 yards per carry) and four touchdowns and had three receptions, two for touchdowns. He also had three interceptions, returning one 49 yards for a touchdown. He also returned a blocked punt for a touchdown.
He received his second straight Gatorade state player of the year award for his play during the season and was named first-team all-state and the state defensive player of the year for the second straight season. Te'o was such a force that The Honolulu Advertiser considered just naming him the overall state player of the year. He is regarded as one of the most highly recruited athletes, both in football and for any sport, in the history of the state of Hawaii.
In 2008, Te'o won the inaugural Butkus Award at the high school level, awarded to the best prep linebacker in the United States. He was also named the 2008 Sporting News High School Athlete of the Year, becoming the first person from the state of Hawaii and the first athlete of Polynesian descent to receive the award. USA Today named Te'o the national Defensive Player of the Year and a first-team All-American. He is only the third high school player from Hawaii to be named to the USA Today All-American team, after Pat Kesi in 1990 and Jason Ching in 1995 (Ching, too, is a Punahou and Notre Dame alumnus). Te'o was also named to the 2009 Parade All-American team as well. On January 10, 2010, Te'o was named the Hawaii State Defensive Player of the Decade (2000–2009) by the "Honolulu Advertiser".
College recruitment and rankings.
Te'o was consensually regarded as one of the elite prospects of the class of 2009. Major recruiting service Rivals.com listed him as a five-star recruit—the first from Hawaii since Jonathan Mapu in 2002—and ranked him second among inside linebackers only behind Vontaze Burfict. Also listed as five-star recruit, Te'o was ranked as the No. 1 strongside linebacker in his class by Scout.com.
On National Signing Day of 2009, Te'o committed to the University of Notre Dame. He chose the Fighting Irish, then coached by Charlie Weis, over Brigham Young and Southern California. Te'o was the first "USA Today" Defensive Player of the Year to commit to the Irish since Kory Minor in 1995.
College career.
Te'o enrolled in the University of Notre Dame, where he played for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team from 2009 to 2012.
Freshman season.
Te'o entered his first college game at the start of the second defensive series early in the second quarter versus Nevada on September 5, 2009. On his third snap Te'o tackled Wolf Pack quarterback Colin Kaepernick after an 11-yard gain on third and 15 for his first collegiate tackle. After playing, but not starting, his first three games, Te'o made his first collegiate start in the Irish's game versus Purdue. He played in all 12 games of his freshman season and finished the season with 63 tackles, the third-most tackles ever by a Notre Dame freshman behind Bob Golic (82 in 1975) and Ross Browner (68 in 1973). Te'o also recorded 5.5 tackles for loss and 1 sack.
On December 8, 2009, Te'o was named a Freshman All-American by "College Football News". He was also named a second-team Freshman All-American by Rivals.com.
Sophomore season.
Te'o moved from outside to inside linebacker in 2010 as Notre Dame switched to a 3-4 defensive scheme under defensive coordinator Bob Diaco. On April 30, 2010, Te'o was named to the 2010 Lombardi Award & Nagurski Award watch lists.
Te'o led the Fighting Irish in tackles with 133, and was second in tackles for loss with 9.5. Against Stanford on September 25, Te'o finished with 21 total tackles. This total represents a career-high for Te'o and is also the most tackles in a game by an individual for Notre Dame since 2006.
Te'o was named one of 16 semifinalists for both the Butkus Award (Best Collegiate Linebacker) and the Bednarik Award for top College defensive player. He was also named a Second Team All-American by CNNSI.
Junior season.
Te'o led the Fighting Irish in tackles for the second straight season in 2011 with 128. He also led the team in tackles for loss with 13.5 and finished second in sacks with 5.0.
Te'o was a finalist for the Butkus Award and the Lott Trophy and was selected as the 2011 FBS Independent Defensive Player of the Year.
Te'o was named a second team All-American by the Associated Press, Walter Camp Football Foundation, Rivals.com, Phil Steele and CNNSI. He was also named to the Capital One Academic All-American second team.
Senior season.
Te’o announced on December 11, 2011 that he would return to Notre Dame for his senior season. Te'o entered his final season as one of 10 players in Notre Dame history to record over 300 career tackles and started the season eighth on the career tackles list for the Fighting Irish. During the season, Te’o was the leading tackler and leader in interceptions for a 12-0 Notre Dame team which had the second-ranked scoring defense (10.33 points per game) in the country. He had 103 tackles in the regular season (52 solo, 51 assisted, 8.58 per game), including 5.5 tackles for loss and 1.5 sacks (one for 13 yards of Oklahoma quarterback Landry Jones. Te’o also led the team, as well as all FBS linebackers in the nation, in interceptions. Te’o’s 7 interceptions during the 2012 season are the most by any FBS linebacker since 2001. He ranked third in the nation at 0.58 interceptions per game, and overall only Fresno State safety Phillip Thomas has more, with 8 interceptions this season. Te'o's season-high per game was 2 interceptions for 28 yards against Michigan.
In the 2012 season, Notre Dame ranked second in the nation in scoring defense (10.33 points per game) and ranked in the top 19 nationally in four other defensive categories: fifth in rushing defense (92.42 yards per game), sixth in total defense (287.25 yards per game), 12th in pass efficiency defense (105.58) and 19th in sacks (2.75 per game). Te'o's 8.58 tackles per game is three and a half more per game than the squad's next-most prolific tackler, Zeke Motta (5.09 per game).
Te'o is one of the most decorated defensive players in college football history. He won the 2012 Defensive IMPACT Player of the Year Lott Trophy, as well as the Maxwell Award, the Chuck Bednarik Award, the Bronko Nagurski Trophy, the Butkus Award, the Lombardi Award, and the Walter Camp Award. In addition, he was named a national scholar-athlete by the National Football Foundation. One of three finalists for the Heisman Trophy, Te'o eventually finished second in the voting to Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel.
In the BCS National Championship Game, Te'o recorded 10 tackles in a 42-14 loss to a 12-1 Alabama team which won its third national championship in four years. Alabama took control from the start and led 14-0 after the first quarter and extended its lead to a 28-0 score by halftime. Te'o finished with 7 assists and 3 solo tackles.
College career statistics.
Te'o has 437 total tackles in his four-year career at Notre Dame. He ranks third all-time in school history behind Bob Crable (521, 1978–81) and Bob Golic (479, 1975–78). He has started the past 47 games, beginning with the fourth game of his freshman season, at Purdue. This is the longest streak of any linebacker in the country. He joins Crable as the second player in Notre Dame history to record 100+ tackles in three consecutive seasons.
All statistics from "Notre Dame Official Athletic Site",
Professional career.
2013 NFL Draft.
Forgoing the chance of a professional career in 2012, Te'o decided to return to Notre Dame after the 2011 season, despite being projected a late first-round pick for the 2012 NFL Draft as early as mid-season of 2011. In preseason mock drafts from May 2012, Te'o was listed as a late first-rounder for the 2013 NFL Draft as well. By mid-season, he had moved up to the mid-first round. Notre Dame has not seen one of their linebackers selected in the first round since Bob Crable in 1982.
At the conclusion of the 2012 college football season, Te'o signed with agent Tom Condon. He was training at the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, in preparation for the NFL Draft.
Te'o attended the NFL Combine under a lot of scrutiny by NFL teams. He disappointed with a comparably slow 40-yard dash, but promised to "do a lot better" at his Notre Dame pro day. After the combine, "Sports Illustrated" projected Te'o to fall out of the first round. In March 2013, Pat Kirwan of CBSSports.com, too, projected Te'o would not be selected in the first round. At Notre Dame Pro Day on March 26, Te'o ran faster according to "ESPN's" Todd McShay (hand-timed 4.75 and 4.71). Subsequently, he was re-listed in first round mock drafts, projected No. 28 overall by ESPN's Todd McShay, and No. 25 overall by Don Banks of "Sports Illustrated". Only days before the draft, consensus among draft pundits emerged of Te'o being selected by the Chicago Bears at 20 or the Minnesota Vikings at 23 (or 25). However, Te'o was not selected by any team in the first round, partly because of his off-field issues.
He was selected in the second round, 38th overall by the San Diego Chargers, as the second inside linebacker in the draft behind Alec Ogletree. "It's a perfect scenario. My parents can come and watch, I can go home, it's San Diego," said Te'o on draft day. He is the highest selected Notre Dame linebacker since Demetrius DuBose in 1993.
San Diego Chargers.
On May 10, 2013, Te'o signed a four year contract with the Chargers. The deal includes a $2,141,768 dollar signing bonus and will be worth just over $5 million with over $3.1 million in guaranteed money. He is the second linebacker of Polynesian descent to play for the Chargers after Junior Seau.
Te'o injured his right foot in the Chargers' preseason opener against the Seattle Seahawks on August 8, which caused him to miss the remainder of preseason as well as the regular season opener against the Houston Texans.
Te'o made his NFL debut in a week 4 matchup against the Dallas Cowboys. Te'o finished the game with three tackles as the Chargers won.
Te'o ended the season with 61 tackles and 4 passes defended in 13 games started.
Personal.
Te'o was born in Laie, Hawaii, on January 26, 1991, of Samoan ancestry. He is the son of Brian and Ottilia Te'o and has five siblings: sisters BrieAnne, Tiare, Eden and Maya and brother Manasseh.
In high school, Te'o had a 3.5 grade-point average and did volunteer work with the Shriners Hospital, Head Start preschool program, Hawai'i Food Bank and Special Olympics. Te'o also became an Eagle Scout in November 2008. Te'o is an active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
Girlfriend hoax.
Te'o told many media outlets that both his grandmother and his girlfriend had died on September 11, 2012. Te'o said that his girlfriend, Stanford University student Lennay Kekua, had died after a car accident and subsequently battling leukemia. Te'o did not miss any football games for Notre Dame, saying that he had promised Kekua that he would play even if something had happened to her. Many sports media outlets reported on these tragedies during Te'o's strong 2012 season and emergence as a Heisman Trophy candidate.
After receiving an anonymous email tip in January 2013, reporters Timothy Burke and Jack Dickey of the sports blog Deadspin conducted an investigation into Kekua's identity. On January 16, they published an article alleging that Kekua did not exist and pointed to a man named Ronaiah Tuiasosopo as involved in the hoax of her relationship with Te'o. Tuiasosopo has been described as a family friend or acquaintance of Te'o. Pictures of Kekua that had been published in the media were actually of a former high school classmate of Tuiasosopo.
On the same day the Deadspin article was published, Notre Dame issued a statement that "Manti had been the victim of what appears to be a hoax in which someone using the fictitious name Lennay Kekua apparently ingratiated herself with Manti and then conspired with others to lead him to believe she had tragically died of leukemia." In a press conference, Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick confirmed the university had hired private investigators to uncover the source of the hoax, and he clarified that Te'o's relationship with Kekua was "exclusively an online relationship". This conflicted with previous accounts from Te'o and his family that the couple had first met after a football game and that she visited him in Hawaii. Swarbrick said that Te'o informed Notre Dame of the hoax on December 26 after receiving a phone call on December 6 from the woman he knew as Kekua, claiming she was still alive. Te'o mentioned Kekua's death in at least four separate interviews in the days following the phone call.
In response to the growing suspicions that he was involved in the hoax, Te'o agreed to a January 18 interview with sports journalist Jeremy Schaap in which he maintained his innocence. Te'o explained that he had lied to his father and others about meeting her in person because he thought he would be seen as "crazy" for having a serious relationship with a woman he had never met. Te'o said he was angered and confused by the December 6 phone call and had continued to speak of Kekua because the situation was unclear to him. He explained that Tuiasosopo represented himself as the cousin of Lennay Kekua and that the two men had communicated online over the last several years and met once in person at the 2012 Notre Dame/USC game. Te'o said that Tuiasosopo confessed to him on January 16 that he was behind the hoax.
In a January 24 interview on "Katie" with Katie Couric, Te'o played three voicemails left by Kekua and said the voice "sounds like a girl", an assessment with which many agreed. In an appearance on "Dr. Phil" on January 31 and February 1, Tuiasosopo confessed to the hoax; he admitted to falling in love with Te'o and using the Kekua identity as an escape. He also recreated the female voice behind a privacy screen. Relatives of Tuiasosopo, however, told the "New York Post" that Kekua's voice belonged to Tuiasosopo's female cousin. Despite the revelation that Kekua did not exist, NFL player Reagan Maui'a said that he twice met someone claiming to be Kekua, and that they had been introduced by Tuiasosopo, whom he believed to be Kekua's cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="20733352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733352" title="Richard Outwater House">
Richard Outwater House

The Richard Outwater House, is located in East Rutherford, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 9, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20733355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733355" title="The Munsif Daily">
The Munsif Daily

The Munsif Daily is a Urdu language newspaper published from Hyderabad in India. Its editor is Mohd Ziya Pasha. The Munsif Daily is the largest circulating Urdu newspaper in the area.
The paper used to be owned by Mr.Mehmood Ansari and after his death it was looked after by his elder brother. After he in turn died, it was sold to Mohd Ziya Pasha who became editor in chief.
Under the editorship of Mohd Ziya Pasha, many changes were made in the Munsif Daily such as the introduction of a fully coloured version.
Jalkote Md Pasha contributes cartoons to the paper.

</doc>
<doc id="20733358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733358" title="Fajã do Belo">
Fajã do Belo

First known in the 17th century, this cliff known as Fajã do Belo is a cliff located around the parish of Ribeira Seca. It is named after Diogo Nunes Belo. It is situated between the fajã dos Cubres and fajã dos Tijolos.
Parts of the cliff was ruined during the 1980 earthquake. This occasion resided in around 22 people and moved to its nearby settlements. It had 131 people in 1891. Lands surrounding the cliff are actually old. Fishes surround the coast especially cod and other types. It has a nice nature with a large mineral valor. Its land properties consists of winery and sweet potatoes around the rocks. Much of the area has been abandoned almost 30 years after the 1980 earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="20733388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733388" title="Llysworney">
Llysworney

Llysworney () is a small village in the Vale of Glamorgan, South Wales.
Llysworney is home to about 240 people and has around 100 houses. It is situated about 2 miles away from Cowbridge in the Vale of Glamorgan.
The B4268, a major lorry route, connecting the A48 with Llandow and Llantwit Major, runs through Llysworney. The Village is home to the locally well-known Carne Arms Pub, St. Tydfils Church, a duck pond, and Llysworney Garage.
Notable landmarks.
The Carne Arms.
Dating back over 400 years the Carne Arms is an old inn with open fires. Thought to have originally been part of the local Rectory its name is ancient and is derived from the Cornish "Carn" which means "rock". However, in this instance, the inn probably received its name in memory of a wealthy and influential local family rather than from the feature of the local landscape.
St. Tydfils Church.
Friendly, all-age congregation worshipping in an ancient church with a most unusual groundplan. Regular Sunday worship.
Worney Wood.
The wood was founded in the millennium year of 2000. The wood is kept by the Woodland Trust and is sponsored by Homebase. The wood was planted by locals and is open Free 24 hours, 7 days a week. Worney Wood allows dogs. Worney wood hosts a range of trees and hedgerows. For more information visit the Woodland Trust page

</doc>
<doc id="20733402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733402" title="Gonna Serandi">
Gonna Serandi

Gonna Serandi is a village in the border of the districts of Barddhaman and Birbhum of West Bengal, India. It is connected by the famous Badshahi Road which leads to Barddhaman town in the south and Berhampore of Murshidabad district in the north. Towards the west is famous Nanoor (birthplace of Chandidas), Bolpur-Santiniketan (home of Visva Bharati University founded by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore and of Amartya Sen). But people mostly go to nearby Kirnahar or Katwa for shopping/business needs. The village is situated at the border of two districts, southern part belongs to Birbhum and northern part belongs to Burdwan (Barddhaman) district. Post office PIN is 731215, belongs to Khujutipara (Birbhum) but the postmaster's residence-cum-office is in Majhpara which is in Bardhaman district. The village is relatively big among the neighboring villages, hosting one high school and three primary schools. Nearest primary health care centres are at Nanoor (Birbhum) and Kandra (Burdwan) respectively. The village hosts about 14 Durga Puja all are private except one in Majhpara. There are two three clubs organized by local youth dedicated for local welfare activities. The villagers proudly boasts of Kartik puja which is celebrated with big fan fare.

</doc>
<doc id="20733406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733406" title="Bongshang">
Bongshang

Bongshang are a band from Shetland who fuse traditional Shetland and folk styles with rock, funk, electronica and contemporary production techniques. They have been likened to Celtic fusion artists such as Shooglenifty and Martyn Bennet.
Bongshang have recorded three studio albums to date ("Crude", "The Hurricane Jungle" and "Vy-lo-fone"), made numerous TV appearances, licensed tracks for TV, featured on several compilation albums and toured the UK and Europe extensively, playing with artists such as Rory Gallagher, Joan Baez, Capercaillie, Alan Stivell, Aly Bain and the Royal Scottish National Orchestra.
History and personnel.
Members have included banjo player JJ Jamieson (ex member of Hexology (with Harry Horse) and The Critter Hill Varmints) who has been part of every incarnation of the band, fiddler Leonard Scollay (winner of the Shetland Young Fiddler of the Year competition, BBC Scotland Young Traditional Musician of the Year finalist and ex member of Shetland band Rock, Salt & Nails) and fiddler Peter Gear (also winner of the Shetland Young Fiddler of the Year competition).
Bongshang were formed in 1991 after JJ Jamieson visited Shetland whilst on tour with The Critter Hill Varmints, decided to stay and recruited musicians from the local bands he heard; fiddler Leonard Scollay, bassist Bryan Peterson (then only 15), drummer Christopher 'Kipper' Anderson and guitarist Mark Gibbons. Gibbons later emigrated to Australia and was replaced by Neil Preshaw. This line-up released the debut album "Crude" in 1993, recorded in the back room of the Garrison Theatre in Lerwick.
Bongshang toured frequently around this time regularly headlining concerts and festivals such as Festival Interceltique de Lorient, Nantes Celtica and Celtic Connections.
Scollay left to concentrate on touring with Rock, Salt & Nails and was replaced by fiddler Peter Gear who brought a new sound to the band with his use of the Skyinbow electric violin, and Gear and Preshaw began to make extensive use of effects processors during gigs. Bongshang's live appearances became less frequent during this period, preferring the studio environment in Shetland where they were able to experiment with multilayering instruments, samples and loops. Bongshang recorded "The Hurricane Jungle" with this line-up, released in 1996.
Preshaw and Peterson moved to Glasgow soon after and were replaced by guitarist Gordon Tulloch and bassist Andrew Gray. Scollay returned to the live line-up and for a time the band featured two fiddles. Gear left before the band recorded the "Vy-lo-fone" album in 1999, a fusion of electronic beats and banjo driven tunes.
Bongshang continued to make rare live appearances through the noughties with Peterson and Gray sharing bass duties and Gear and/or Scollay on fiddle.
The current line up is reported to feature Shoormal drummer Archer Kemp and guitarist Jonny Polson with Jamieson, Peterson and Gear.
In 2010 film production company B4 Films published a webpage which seemed to indicate the band were working on a feature film soundtrack
In 2011, members of the band collaborated with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra on a piece of music performed on the island of Foula, the UK's most remote inhabited islands, and broadcast live on the Internet.
In 2013 Bongshang released a series of videos accompanied by new compositions (see Discography) including a screening to an audience in Mareel during the 'Back From Beyond' project concert.

</doc>
<doc id="20733409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733409" title="Todor">
Todor

Todor (, Bulgarian, Macedonian, and ) is a Bulgarian, Macedonian and Serbian given name, a local rendering of the name Theodore. The Hungarian form of the name is rendered similarly as "Tódor".
As a form of the name Theodore, "Todor" also ultimately comes from the Greek Θεοδωρος ("Theodoros"), signifying "gift of god", from θεος ("theos") "god" and δωρον ("doron") "gift". Slavic equivalents bearing a similar meaning are "Bozhidar" and "Bogdan".
The Bulgarian diminutives of "Todor" are Тошко ("Toshko"), Тошо ("Tosho") and Тоше ("Toshe") and the Macedonian diminutive is Тоше ("Toše") and Тодорче ("Todorče").

</doc>
<doc id="20733423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733423" title="Nako, Himachal Pradesh">
Nako, Himachal Pradesh

Nako is a village in the Himalayas of northern India. It is located in Kinnaur district in Himachal Pradesh. The area is known for its lake, Nako Lake which forms part of the border of the village. Nako Monastery is located in the village as well as several other Buddhist temples. Located high on a hillside (about 3600m above sea level), it receives tourists during the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="20733448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733448" title="Uncial 0306">
Uncial 0306

Uncial 0306 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small texts of the Gospel of John 9:22-10:3.5-8.10-12; 11:6-37.39-41, on 7 illuminated parchment leaves (29 cm by 22.5 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest. The upper text belongs to the lectionary ℓ "368". 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
It is currently housed at the Bodleian Library (Selden Supra 9, fol. 114-120) in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20733458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733458" title="Franz Heinrich Zitz">
Franz Heinrich Zitz

Dr. Franz Heinrich Zitz (November 18, 1803 in Mainz – April 30, 1877) was a prominent Mainz attorney and enjoyed much success with women due to his comeliness. He was a restless and at times dissolute man. On June 3, 1837, he married the writer Katharina Theresa Halein, not completely of his own free will, but under threat of suicide. They lived together two years and remained married for the rest of their lives. As a member of the Frankfurt parliament, Franz played a respected role on the far left, and as the head of the militia in Mainz he was highly esteemed and trusted by the people of that town. He sported a remarkably full and unkempt beard during the 1849 uprising, and when it failed, toward the end of that year, he emigrated to America, settling in New York as a notary, a partner in the firm Kapp, Zitz and Fröbel. When amnesty was offered, he returned to Europe and died in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20733464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733464" title="I Spy Spooky Mansion Deluxe">
I Spy Spooky Mansion Deluxe

I Spy Spooky Mansion Deluxe is a game for Macintosh and Microsoft Windows. The setting of the game is a house that has a door that can only be opened from the outside. As with many "I Spy" games, the reader looks for anything mentioned, and anything that moves can be an entirely separate "I Spy" puzzle within the original.
"I Spy Spooky Mansion Deluxe" has three levels. The first centers around a ripped up map, then discovering a secret room behind a bookshelf. The second involves collecting ingredients from puzzles around the house to create "Shrinking Soup," a soup that, when consumed, shrinks the player. All of this is done so the player may leave through a mouse hole near to the door which was entered. On the third level, the only way out is to fix the mansion's ghost machine. The player then makes seven ghosts (SHADOW, GRAVE YARD, TICK TOCK, RUSTY, MEOW, CRITTER, and GET OUT). On the last level, all rooms but the lab have puzzles or riddles to solve.

</doc>
<doc id="20733467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733467" title="Bowhead whale">
Bowhead whale

The bowhead whale ("Balaena mysticetus") is a species of the right whale family Balaenidae, in suborder Mysticeti and genus "Balaena". A stocky dark-colored whale without a dorsal fin, it can grow to in length. This thick-bodied species can weigh to , second only to the blue whale, although the bowhead's maximum length is less than several other whales. It lives entirely in fertile Arctic and sub-Arctic waters, unlike other whales that migrate to feed or reproduce to low latitude waters. It was also known as Greenland right whale or Arctic whale. American whalemen called it the steeple-top, polar whale, or Russia or Russian whale. The bowhead has the largest mouth of any animal.
The bowhead was an early whaling target. Its population was severely reduced before a 1966 moratorium. The population is estimated to be over 24,900 worldwide, down from an estimated 50,000 before whaling.
Taxonomy.
Carl Linnaeus first described this whale in the 10th edition of his "Systema Naturae" (1758). Seemingly identical to its cousins in the North Atlantic, North Pacific and Southern Oceans, they were all thought to be a single species, collectively known as the "right whale", and given the binomial name "Balaena mysticetus".
Today, the bowhead whale occupies a monotypic genus, separate from the right whales, as was proposed by the work of Gray in 1821. For the next 180 years, the Balaenidae family has been the subject of great taxonometric debate. Authorities have repeatedly recategorized the three populations of right whale plus the bowhead whale, as one, two, three or four species, either in a single genus or in two separate genera. Eventually, it was recognized that bowheads and right whales were in fact different, but there was still no strong consensus as to whether they shared a single genus or two. As recently as 1998, Dale Rice, in his comprehensive and otherwise authoritative classification, "Marine mammals of the world: systematics and distribution", listed just two species: "B. glacialis" (the right whales) and "B. mysticetus" (the bowheads).
Studies in the 2000s finally provided clear evidence that the "three" living right whale species do comprise a phylogenetic lineage, "distinct from the bowhead", and that the bowhead and the right whales are rightly classified into two separate genera. The right whales were thus confirmed to be in a separate genus, "Eubalaena". The relationship is shown in the cladogram below:
"Balaena prisca", one of the five "Balaena" fossils from the late Miocene (~10 Mya) to early Pleistocene (~1.5 Mya), may be the same as the modern bowhead whale. The earlier fossil record shows no related cetacean after "Morenocetus", found in a South American deposit dating back 23 million years.
An unknown species of right whale, so-called the "Swedenborg whale" which was proposed by Emanuel Swedenborg in the 18th century, was once thought to be a North Atlantic right whale by scientific consensus. However based on later DNA analysis of those fossil bones to be claimed as of "Swedenborg whales", it was confirmed to be actually from Bowhead Whales.
Description.
The bowhead whale has a robust, dark-colored body, no dorsal fin and a strongly bowed lower jaw and narrow upper jaw. Its baleen, the longest of any whale at , strains tiny prey from the water. The whale has a massive bony skull which it uses to break through the Arctic ice to breathe. Inuit hunters have reported them surfacing through of ice. The bowhead whale has paired blowholes that spout a blow 20 feet high. It is of comparable size to the three species of right whale. According to the whaling captain William Scoresby, Jr., the longest bowhead he measured was 17.7 m (58 ft) long, while the longest measurement he had ever heard of was of a 20.4 m (67 ft) whale caught at Godhavn, Greenland, in the spring of 1813. He also spoke of one caught near Spitsbergen around 1800 that was allegedly nearly 21.3 m (70 ft) in length, but it doesn't appear to have been actually measured. The longest reliably measured of each sex were a 16.2 m (53 ft) male and a 18 m (59 ft) female, both harvested and landed in Alaska. Females are larger than males. Its blubber is the thickest of any animal, averaging .
Analysis of hundreds of DNA samples from living whales and from baleen used in vessels, toys and housing material has shown that Arctic bowhead whales have lost a significant portion of their genetic diversity in the past 500 years. Bowheads crossed ice-covered inlets and straits to exchange genes between Atlantic and Pacific populations. This conclusion derived from analyzing maternal lineage using mitochondrial DNA, most likely because of whaling and climatic cooling between the 16th and 19th centuries — known as the Little Ice Age — which reduced the whales’ summer habitat.
A recent discovery has elucidated the function of the Bowhead's large palatal retial organ. The bulbous ridge of highly vascularized tissue, termed the corpus cavernosum maxillaris, extends along the centre of the hard plate, forming two large lobes at the rostral palate. The tissue is histologically similar to the corpus cavernosum of the mammalian penis. It's hypothesized that this organ provides a mechanism of cooling for the whale (which is normally protected from the cold Arctic waters by 40 cm of fat). During times of physical exertion, the whale must cool itself to prevent hyperthermia (and ultimately brain damage). It's believed that this organ will engorge with blood; the whale will respond by opening its mouth and allowing the cold seawater flow over the organ, cooling the blood.
Life history.
The bowhead is social and nonaggressive, and retreats under the ice when threatened.
Swimming.
The bowhead is a slow swimmer and usually travels alone or in small herds of up to six. Though it may remain submerged as long as 40 minutes in a single dive, it is not thought to be a deep diver.
The whales' behavior can also include breaching, tail slapping, and spyhopping.
Vocalizations.
The bowhead whale is highly vocal, and uses underwater sounds to communicate while traveling, feeding, and socializing. Some bowheads make long, repetitive songs that may be mating calls.
Reproduction.
Sexual activity occurs between pairs and in boisterous groups of several males and one or two females. 
Breeding has been observed from March through August; conception is believed to occur primarily in March. Reproduction can begin when a whale is 10 to 15 years old. Females produce a calf once every three to four years, after a 13–14 month pregnancy. The newborn calf is about long and approximately , growing to by its first birthday.
Because of their long lifespans, females are believed to go through menopause. Observations of very large animals without calves support this hypothesis.
Lifespan.
Bowheads were once thought to live 60 to 70 years, similar to other whales. However, discoveries of 19th century ivory, slate, and jade spear points in freshly killed whales in 1993, 1995, 1999, and 2007 triggered research based on structures in the whale's eye, suggesting at least some individuals reached 150–200 years old (another report claimed a 90-year-old female was still fertile).
The amino acid racemization process has provided the scientific basis for these claims. This process is controversial and has failed to correlate well with other dating methods.
In May 2007, a 15 m (49 ft) specimen caught off the Alaskan coast was discovered with the head of an explosive harpoon embedded deep under its neck blubber. The arrow-shaped projectile was manufactured in New Bedford, Massachusetts, a major whaling center, around 1890, suggesting the animal may have survived a similar hunt more than a century ago.
Recent data have shown that specimens might reach 200 years of age.
Ecology.
Range and habitat.
The bowhead whale is the only baleen whale to spend its entire life in and around Arctic waters. The Alaskan population spends the winter months in the southwestern Bering Sea. The group migrates northward in the spring, following openings in the pack ice, into the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas.
Population.
The bowhead population around Alaska has increased since commercial whaling ceased. Alaska Natives continue to kill small numbers in subsistence hunts each year. This level of killing (25–40 animals annually) is not expected to affect the population's recovery. The population off Alaska's coast (the Bering-Chukchi-Beaufort stock) appears to be recovering and was about 10,500 animals as of 2001. Researchers from the School of Fisheries and Ocean Sciences have been studying the whales' feeding behaviors in the Point Barrow area. The status of other populations is less well known. There were about 1,200 off West Greenland in 2006, while the Svalbard population may only number in the tens.
In March, 2008, Canada's Department of Fisheries and Oceans stated the previous estimates in the eastern Arctic had undercounted, with a new estimate of 14,400 animals (range 4,800–43,000). These larger numbers correspond to prewhaling estimates, indicating this population has fully recovered. However, should climate change substantially shrink sea ice, they could be threatened by increased shipping traffic.
Sea of Okhotsk.
Not much is known about endangered Sea of Okhotsk population, however, nowadays whales are regularly observed at Shantar Islands, very close to shore. Several companies provide whale watching services which are mostly land-based. According to Russian scientists, total population would not exceed 400 animals. Scientific researches on this population was only taken quite seldom until 2009, when researches studying Belugas noticed concentration of Bowheads in the study area. With supports from WWF, Russian scientists and nature conservationists cooperated to create a cetacean sanctuary in Magadan region which covers vast areas of north western Sea of Okhotsk including Shantar regions. Cetacean species benefitting this proposal include several critically endangered species such as North Pacific right whales, western Gray whales, and Belugas. International supports by several other organizations have been offered.
Feeding.
Unlike most other baleen whales, which primarily feed on concentrated shoals of prey species, it feeds in a manner similar to the basking shark by swimming forward with its mouth wide open, continuously filtering water through its baleen plates. Thus, it specializes in much smaller prey, such as copepods. Its mouth has a large upturning lip on the lower jaw that helps to reinforce and contain the baleen plates within its mouth, and prevents buckling or breakage of the plates due to the pressure of the water passing through them as it advances.
This is in contrast to the rorquals, which have distensible ventral pleats that they fill with prey-laden water, then expel the water while filtering out the prey through their baleen plates. They also feed on krill and copepods.
Predation.
The principal predators of bowheads are humans. Occasionally, predatory attacks by orca pods have also been recorded.
Whaling.
The bowhead whale has been hunted for blubber, meat, oil, bones, and baleen. Like right whales, it swims slowly, and floats after death, making it ideal for whaling. Before commercial whaling, they were estimated to number 50,000.
Commercial bowhead whaling began in the 16th century, when the Basques killed them as they migrated south through the Strait of Belle Isle in the fall and early winter. In 1611, the first whaling expedition sailed to Spitsbergen. By mid-century, the population(s) there had practically been wiped out, forcing whalers to voyage into the "West Ice"—the pack ice off Greenland's east coast. By 1719, they had reached the Davis Strait, and by the first quarter of the 19th century, Baffin Bay.
In the North Pacific, the first bowheads were taken off the eastern coast of Kamchatka by the Danish whaleship "Neptun", Captain Thomas Sodring, in 1845. In 1847, the first bowheads were caught in the Sea of Okhotsk, and the following year, Captain Thomas Welcome Roys, in the bark "Superior", of Sag Harbor, caught the first bowheads in the Bering Strait region. By 1849, 50 ships were hunting bowheads in each area. By 1852, 220 ships were cruising around the Bering Strait region, which killed over 2,600 whales. Between 1854 and 1857, the fleet shifted to the Sea of Okhotsk, where 100–160 ships cruised annually. During 1858–1860, the ships shifted back to the Bering Strait region, where the majority of the fleet would cruise during the summer up until the early 20th century. An estimated 18,600 bowheads were killed in the Bering Strait region between 1848 and 1914, with 60% of the total being reached within the first two decades. An estimated 18,000 bowheads were killed in the Sea of Okhotsk during 1847–1867, 80% in the first decade.
Bowheads were first taken along the pack ice in the northeastern Sea of Okhotsk, then in Tausk Bay and Northeast Gulf (Shelikhov Gulf). Soon, ships expanded to the west, catching them around Iony Island and then around the Shantar Islands. In the Western Arctic, they mainly caught them in the Anadyr Gulf, the Bering Strait, and around St. Lawrence Island. They later spread to the western Beaufort Sea (1854) and the Mackenzie River delta (1889).
Commercial whaling, the principal cause of the population decline, is over. Bowhead whales are now hunted on a subsistence level by native peoples of North America.
Conservation.
The bowhead is listed in Appendix I by CITES (that is, "threatened with extinction"). It is listed by the National Marine Fisheries Service as "endangered" under the auspices of the United States' Endangered Species Act. The IUCN Red List data are as follows:
The bowhead whale is listed on Appendix I of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS), as this species has been categorized as being in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant proportion of their range and CMS Parties strive towards strictly protecting these animals, conserving or restoring the places where they live, mitigating obstacles to migration and controlling other factors that might endanger them.
For the aims to handle public opinion, Japanese government have been referred Bowheads as "Polar/Arctic Right Whales" repeatedly to give impressions on general audience. This lead to a prone to misunderstandings that Bowheads are Right whales, and repeatedly reported euphemistically as "critically endangered species requiring immediate protection" in the general media coverage of Japan especially in the 2000s. This largely succeeded to reflect on the public opinion, giving impression that the subsistence whaling in the United States and IWC's policies are nothing more than double standard, and strongly appealed that whole the whaling issues are based on racism conspiracy theories by western countries, along with the "Cetaceans are biological pests theory".

</doc>
<doc id="20733479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733479" title="Biała (Supraśl)">
Biała (Supraśl)

Biała is a river in eastern Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship, a left tributary of the Supraśl River, with a length of 29.9 kilometres and a basin area of 119 km2. Biała passes through Białystok from south to north-east.
Tributaries.
Major tributaries of Biała are:

</doc>
<doc id="20733503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733503" title="Ira B. Lamster">
Ira B. Lamster

Ira B. Lamster is an American board certified periodontist. He is a professor of health and policy management at Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health. Formerly, he was the dean and professor of dentistry at the Columbia University College of Dental Medicine until stepping down the end of the 2012 school year.
Education.
Lamster received his Bachelor's degree from Queens College in 1971 and received an S.M. from University of Chicago in 1972. He received his DDS in 1977 from the State University of New York at Stony Brook School of Dental Medicine and his certificate in periodontics from Harvard School of Dental Medicine in 1980, along with a MMSc from Harvard University in the same year.
Academic career.
Lamster served as the director of the Division of Periodontology at Columbia University from 1988 to 1998 and as vice dean of the institution from 1998 to 2001. In December 2001, he was also named vice president of the Columbia University Medical Center.
Lamster has authored over 150 research papers and textbook chapters. He is also board certified by the American Board of Oral Medicine.
Together with Drs. Murray Schwartz and James Burke Fine, he co-authored "Clinical Guide to Periodontics".
In March 2012, Lamster announced that he would be stepping down from his position as dean of Columbia University College of Dental Medicine, effective at the end of the 2012 school year. He is moving to the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, where he will serve the function of a facilitator and thinking counselor.

</doc>
<doc id="20733507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733507" title="Paul Raven (footballer)">
Paul Raven (footballer)

Paul Duncan Raven (born 28 July 1970 in Salisbury, England) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender between 1988 and 2006. He notably played for West Bromwich Albion and Grimsby Town.
Career.
Raven was added to the first team squad at Doncaster Rovers in 1988. After his first season with Rovers, he moved to West Bromwich Albion. Raven played for Albion for the next eleven years, while also spending time on loan with former club Doncaster and Rotherham United.
In July 2000, Raven joined Grimsby Town on a free transfer. Grimsby were managed by Alan Buckley for whom he had previously played at West Brom. Although Buckley was sacked eight weeks later, Raven played for three years at Blundell Park.
In the summer of 2003, he joined Carlisle United along with fellow Grimsby player Steve Livingstone. During his time at Carlisle he scored once against York. After Carlisle, he played out the last two years of his career at Barrow.
Personal life.
Has a son called Oscar Raven and an older daughter called Ellie Raven.

</doc>
<doc id="20733528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20733528" title="Endoexocytosis">
Endoexocytosis

Endoexocytosis is a cellular process. It is a unique internalization process in which the two opposing gap junction plaque membranes are internalized into one of two contacting cells, to form pentilaminar-annular gap junction vesicles. In non-gap junctional membrane internalization, endocytosis can occur independent of the conditions in adjacent cells. However in the case of gap junction plaque internalization the membrane of the adjacent cell is internalized into its contacting cell pair, and is thus an “endoexocytic” process. It has been previously suggested that gap junction plaque internalization is mediated by clathrin and its associated proteins. This hypothesis was supported initially, by the presence of the bristle-like coat surrounding annular gap junction vesicles and later by the demonstration of the light microscopic immunocytochemical and transmission electron microscopic quantum dot colocalization of clathrin and Cx43-GFP structures. The reports of a decreased number of annular gap junctions following treatments that disrupt clathrin activity provided additional support for a role of clathrin in gap junction plaque internalization and annular gap junction formation. 

</doc>
