<doc id="20554204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554204" title="Committees of the Scottish Parliament">
Committees of the Scottish Parliament

The Scottish Parliament has a number of committees, with small numbers of Members appointed to deal with particular topics or issues.
Much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committee. The role of committees is stronger in the Scottish Parliament than in other parliamentary systems, partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the Government and partly to compensate for the fact that the parliament is unicameral (there is no revising chamber).
The principal role of committees in the Scottish Parliament is to conduct inquiries, scrutinise legislation and hold the government to account. Committee meetings take place in the Parliament's committee rooms all day Tuesday and Wednesday morning when Parliament is sitting. Committees can also meet at other locations throughout Scotland.
Membership of the committees reflects the balance of parties across Parliament. There are different types of committee, with their functions set out in different ways.
The membership of the committees in August 2011 is shown below. All committees also have substitute members (not shown).
Mandatory Committees.
Mandatory Committees are committees which are set down under the Scottish Parliament's standing orders, which govern their remits and proceedings. The current Mandatory Committees of the Scottish Parliament are:
Public Audit.
The remit of the committee, as published by the Parliament, is to consider and report on:
Public Petitions.
The remit of the Committee is to decide what action should be taken on admissible public petitions. The Committee is also responsible for deciding, in cases of dispute, whether a public petition is admissible.
On 16 June 2009 the Committee reported on its 'Inquiry into the public petitions process' issued to reflect 10 years of operation, which included an evaluation of the pioneering e-Petitioner online petitioning system.
Subject Committees.
Subject Committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session, and again the balance of members on each committee reflects the balance of parties across Parliament. Typically each committee corresponds with one (or more) of the departments (or ministries) of the Scottish Government. The current Subject Committees are:
Conveners’ Group.
The Conveners’ Group is a special committee of the Scottish Parliament chaired by the Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament. Its main responsibilities are involved in the administration of Committee expenses and certain other activities.
Private Bill Committees.
A further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the Scottish Parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of the Scottish Parliament or Scottish Government. Private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects such as infrastructure projects that require the use of land or property. Private Bill Committees have been set up to consider legislation on issues such as the development of the Edinburgh Tram Network, the Glasgow Airport Rail Link, the Airdrie-Bathgate Rail Link and extensions to the National Gallery of Scotland.
Burrell Collection (Lending and Borrowing) (Scotland) Bill Committee
City of Edinburgh Council (Leith Links and Surplus Fire Fund) (Scotland) Bill Committee
City of Edinburgh Council (Portobello Park) Bill Committee
Justice Sub-Committee on Policing - Implementation of Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act
Subject Committees.
Referendum (Scotland) Bill Committee
Welfare Reform Committee

</doc>
<doc id="20554218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554218" title="Perates">
Perates

The Perates or Peratae (, "to pass through"; , "to penetrate") were a Gnostic sect from the 2nd century AD. The "Philosophumena" of Hippolytus is our only real source of information on their origin and beliefs. The founders of the school were a certain Euphrates (whom Origen calls the founder of those Ophites to whom Celsus referred about 175 AD) and Celbes, elsewhere called Acembes and Ademes.
It had been known from Clement of Alexandria that there was a sect of that name, though he tells nothing as to its tenets. Hippolytus was acquainted with more books of the sect than one. One called "Oi Proasteioi" appears to have been of an astrological character, treating of the influence of the stars upon the human race, and connecting various mythologies with the planetary powers. There was besides a treatise which resembles the doctrine of the Naassenes.
Beliefs.
According to the Peratics, the cosmos is one, but also consists of a threefold division; this rendering of the cosmos they symbolized by a circle circumscribing a triangle. The circle denoted the unity and oneness of the cosmos, while the triangle represented the "Three Worlds" of "Patēr, Huios, Hulē" πατηρ, ὕιος, ὕλη. These "three Minds" or "three Gods," as they were called, each possessed certain characteristics:
In this conception of the cosmos, the Son sits as an intermediary between the immovable source of all existence (the Father) and the formless chaos of Matter. The Son, as the Word [λογος] and represented by an ever-turning Serpent, first faces the Father, collecting the outflow of divine powers (or Ideas, Forms), then turns to face Hulē, pouring the powers upon the Matter. It is in this way that formless Hulē is transformed into material reality, the sensible cosmos that mirrors the divine, noetic one from which it receives its existence. This process is akin to several other cosmogonic conceptions of the ancient world (especially those found in Stoicism (see also Stoic Physics), Platonism (see also Plato's Theory of Forms), Neoplatonism, Hermetism, and Aristotelian hylomorphism).
The Peratic conception of the cosmos was used to explain certain biblical verse. For example, when, Jesus says, "Your Father which is in heaven," they understood him to mean Patēr, the heavenly father, the first principle, from which the forms have been derived. But when he says "your father was a murderer from the beginning," he means the ruler and framer of Hulē, who, taking the forms transmitted by the Son, works generation in the material cosmos, a work which is destruction and death (because of the transitory nature of the world of becoming).
Redemption.
For the redemption of this world below, Christ was made to descend in the days of Herod, from the region of the unbegotten, a man himself threefold, having in himself powers from the three parts of the world, "for in Him the whole Pleroma was pleased to dwell bodily," and in Him was the whole Godhead. His mission is in order that those elements which descended from above may by him be enabled to return, while those elements which plotted against the higher ones shall be separated and left for punishment.
When, then, the Saviour comes into the world, just as the amber attracts the chaff, and the magnet the iron, and the spine of the sea hawk the gold, so this serpent attracts to himself those whose nature is such as to be capable of receiving his influence. Such persons are called Peratae because, by means of their "gnosis" they have learned how safely to pass through ("perasai") the corruption to which everything that is generated is subject.
Physiology.
All the ignorant are Egyptians. Egypt is the body, coming out of Egypt is coming out of the body, and passing the Red Sea, that is the water of destruction; or, in other words, generation. Those, however, who suppose themselves to have passed the Red Sea, are still liable to be assailed by the gods of destruction, whom Moses called the serpents of the desert, who bite and destroy those who had hoped to escape the power of the gods of generation. For these Moses exhibited the true and perfect serpent, on whom they who believed were not bitten by the gods of destruction. None but this true serpent, the perfect of the perfect, can save and deliver those who go out of Egypt, that is to say from the body and from the world.
We are given additional insight by Hippolytus into what G.R.S. Mead calls an "analogical psycho-physiological process in man":
For a proof of this, they adduce the anatomy of the brain, assimilating, from the fact of its immobility, the brain itself to the Father, and the cerebellum to the Son, because of its being moved and being of the form of (the head of) a serpent. And they allege that this (cerebellum), by an ineffable and inscrutable process, attracts through the pineal gland the spiritual and life-giving substance emanating from the vaulted chamber (in which the brain is embedded). And on receiving this, the cerebellum in an ineffable manner imparts the ideas, just as the Son does, to matter; or, in other words, the seeds and the genera of the things produced according to the flesh flow along into the spinal marrow. Employing this exemplar, (the heretics) seem to adroitly introduce their secret mysteries, which are delivered in silence.
Origins.
Euphrates.
Hippolytus, followed by Theodoret, speaks of the Peratae as founded by Euphrates the "Peratic," and Acembes the Carystian. There is certainly a case for suspicion that this Euphrates the Peratic, the supposed founder of the sect of Peratics, may be as mythical a personage as Ebion, the eponymous founder of the Ebionites. We do not read elsewhere of any Euphrates but the Stoic philosopher, who lived in the reign of Hadrian, whom we cannot supposed to have been a teacher of Ophite doctrine. But the name of the river Euphrates was largely used among the Peratae with a mystical signification; and it is conceivable that members of the sect, knowing the name to be held in honour among them, and knowing also that there had been an eminent teacher so called, may have been led to claim him as their founder. On the other hand, it is plain that the Peratic treatise of which Hippolytus gives an abstract, and which may have been also seen by Origen, contained the name of Euphrates coupled with that of Acembes the Carystian, a personage whom there was no motive for inventing. There is nothing incredible in the supposition that these are the names of real Ophite teachers, too obscure to leave any record of their existence, outside their own sect.
Etymology.
The title "Peratic," as applied to the sect, is explained by Clement of Alexandria as one derived from place. In this sense it may have taken its origin from the phrase Ἅβραμ ὁ περατής (, LXX), which was understood to mean one who came from the other side of the Euphrates. Pliny, speaking of a certain gum which came from Arabia, India, Media, and Babylon, adds that that which came from Media was called by some Peratic. This seems to be the same as the Peratic frankincense spoken of by Arrian. It is probably a mere corruption that Sophronius of Jerusalem speaks of Euphrates "Persicus," for he clearly got the name from Theodoret; yet the corruption may have originated in the change of an unfamiliar word into a supposed equivalent. On the whole, we may conclude that this Euphrates, if he existed, came from the extreme east.
Bunsen has suggested that this designation can mean Euboean. He founds this conjecture on the facts that Acembes, with whom Euphrates is coupled, came from Euboea, and that Euboea is sometimes spoken of as ἡ πέραν, the other side. But this does not prove that the name "Peratic" would ever have been understood as equivalent to "Euboean;" it is nowhere stated that Euphrates and Acembes were fellow countrymen, and if they were, it is not likely that the one would have been designated after his town and the other generally after the island.

</doc>
<doc id="20554240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554240" title="Ventominho Wind Farm">
Ventominho Wind Farm

The Ventominho Wind Farm is located close to the Spanish border in north-western Portugal. It includes 120 wind turbines, each of 2 MW capacity, supplied by German manufacturer Enercon. With 240 MW in total capacity and a single point of connection to the grid, the onshore wind farm is now fully operational.

</doc>
<doc id="20554251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554251" title="Solitaire (ship)">
Solitaire (ship)

The Solitaire was at the time of construction the world's largest pipe-laying ship in the world at long (excluding pipe-laying apparatus) and . When fully operational she has a crew of 420, a pipe carrying capacity of 22,000 metric tons and a pipe lay speed of more than 9 km a day.
She was built in 1972 as a bulk carrier and launched under the name "Trentwood" by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries at their shipyard in Hiroshima, Japan, and later converted to a pipe-laying vessel between 1996 and 1998 at Swan Hunter Shipyard on Tyneside in England. The ship is owned by the Allseas Group, a Dutch pipelaying and marine construction firm with their headquarters in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20554257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554257" title="Integrated Carbon Observation System">
Integrated Carbon Observation System

Integrated Carbon Observation System (ICOS) is a new strategic research infrastructure to quantify the greenhouse gas balance in Europe and adjacent regions. It consists of a harmonized network of ecosystem long-term observation sites, a network of atmospheric greenhouse gas concentration sites and a network of ocean observations. The network will be coordinated through a set of central facilities, including an atmospheric and an ecosystem thematic center, a central data center, an analytical laboratory and an oceanic thematic center.
ICOS will provide the essential long-term observations required to understand the present state and predict future behavior of the global carbon cycle and greenhouse gas emissions. It will monitor and assess the effectiveness of carbon sequestration and/or greenhouse gases emission reduction activities on global atmospheric composition levels, including attribution of sources and sinks by region and sector.
Standardized network will improved access to data and enable the development of flux products for research and political application. ICOS will be a state-of-the-art facility for the European research community. It will contribute the European share to global greenhouse gas observations under GEO, WMO-GAW and GTOS programs.
Mission and goals.
ICOS aims to build a network of standardized, long-term, high precision integrated monitoring of atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations. The infrastructure will integrate terrestrial and atmospheric observations at various sites into a single, coherent, highly precise dataset. These data will allow a unique regional top-down assessment of fluxes from atmospheric data, and a bottom-up assessment from ecosystem measurements and fossil fuel inventories. Target is a daily mapping of sources and sinks at scales down to about 10 km, as a basis for understanding the exchange processes between the atmosphere, the terrestrial surface and the ocean. ICOS contributes to the implementation of the Integrated Global Carbon Observation System (IGCO).
Expected impacts.
The synergy between the atmospheric concentration measurements, the knowledge of local ecosystem fluxes on the other hand, has shown effective in reducing the uncertainties on carbon assessments. However, in Europe, observatories are all managed differently for each country and data is not homogenously processed.
The value added impact of the infrastructure will allow an enhanced visibility and dissemination of European greenhouse gas data and products that are both long-term and carefully calibrated. ICOS seeks to meet the data needs of carbon cycle and climate researchers as well as those of politicians and the general public. ICOS will serve as the backbone to users engaged in developing data assimilation models of greenhouse gas sources and sinks, namely reverse modelling, which allows the deduction of surface carbon flux pattern.
A common data centre, the Carbon Portal put into place by ICOS, will provide free access to ICOS data, as well as to links with inventory data, and outreach material. This portal will allow the production of web based tools for the survey of sources and sinks in near real time. ICOS will deliver the information in near real time with a quantification of the uncertainty associated with the results due to the use of several different models using different methodologies.
ICOS will enable Europe to be a key global player for in situ observations of greenhouse gases, data processing and user-friendly access to data products for validation of remote sensing products, scientific assessments, modelling and data assimilation.
Implementation strategy.
The implementation of ICOS will take place in two steps:
During the Preparatory Phase starting in 2008 until 2011, the funding commitments will have to be endorsed by the governments and mother institutions, the building of the central facilities will be initiated, and the project will be technically developed up to the level of a demonstration year of full operation, but with a reduced number of observational sites.The ICOS preparatory phase includes 16 research laboratories from 12 European countries, coordinated in France.
During the follow-up Operational Phase from 2012 until 2031, after the full scale deployment of the network, it will be run in an operational mode, and greenhouse gas concentrations and fluxes will be determined on a routine basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20554258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554258" title="Minimum Information About a Proteomics Experiment">
Minimum Information About a Proteomics Experiment

MIAPE (Minimum Information About a Proteomics Experiment) is a minimum information standard created by the HUPO Proteomics Standards Initiative for reporting proteomics experiments. It is intended to specify all the information necessary to interpret the results of the experiment unambiguously and to potentially reproduce the experiment. While the MIAPE guidelines define the content required for compliant reports, it does not specify the format in which this data should be presented (which is left to the corresponding *ML format, also defined by PSI), nor does it define how to perform experiments.
Working groups.
Several working groups work on several documents covering the different areas of proteomics:
Gel electrophoresis.
The Gel electrophoresis working group defined reporting requirements for "Gel electrophoresis" experiments. The document is at the stage of a recommendation and has been published. The corresponding data exchange format is called "GelML" and a stable version was released in late 2007.
The Gel electrophoresis working group also focuses on image analysis with the "Gel image informatics" recommendation that is currently in public review phase while the corresponding exchange format is only a draft (as of April 2009).
Sample Processing.
The Sample Processing working group defines requirements concerning all the sample pre-processing steps that are carried out before Gel electrophoresis or Mass spectrometry is applied. Two documents concerning "Column chromatography" and "Capillary electrophoresis" are in the early draft stages and the "Sample preparation and handling" is still a project (as of April 2009). The data exchange format ("spML") is also under development.
Mass Spectrometry.
Both "Mass spectrometry" and "Mass spectrometry informatics" documents have been published as recommendations by the Mass Spectrometry working group.
The working group has released several data exchange format: the mzML, for the capture of data generated by a mass spectrometer, which is a merge of the previous mzData (developed by PSI) and mzXML (developed at the Seattle Proteome Center at the Institute for Systems Biology); mzIdentML, for Mass spectra informatics analysis that capture the results of the identification of proteins and peptides from mass spectrometry data; and TraML, for Selected reaction monitoring input file. Finally they develop "MS CV", a controlled vocabulary to use with the previous file formats.
Molecular Interactions.
The Molecular interactions working group of PSI only works on "PSI MI XML", a data exchange format, and on its corresponding ontologies. They have published the MIMIx guidelines (Minimum Information about a Molecular Interaction experiment)
General.
"Study design and sample generation" and "Statistical analysis of data" MIAPE recommendations are also being planned or drafted.
Standard-compliant proteomics repositories.
Several standard-compliant proteomics repositories exist, allowing researchers to publish their data while enforcing MIAPE guidelines. For example:
It is expected that journal editors will eventually request authors to publish all their data to such repositories before publication.
Similar initiatives.
There are similar initiatives that try to define minimal requirements. For microarrays the MGED Society defined the Minimum Information About a Microarray Experiment (MIAME). The Standards for Reporting of Diagnostic Accuracy (STARD) is available for studies reporting medical diagnosis accuracies.

</doc>
<doc id="20554279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554279" title="Rashid bin Khalifa Al Khalifa">
Rashid bin Khalifa Al Khalifa

Shaikh Rashid bin Khalifa Al Khalifa (born 1952) is a Bahraini painter, the first president and the current honorary president of the Bahrain Arts Society. He has painted over a period of 40 years, painting artistic genres such as Realism developed to Impressionism, which gradually evolved to Individualism, a notable prelude to his recent work, a dual concept of Abstract and the colour field. He is often considered to be one of the kingdom's most famous artists.
Biography.
Shaikh Rashid bin Khalifa Al Khalifa was born in 1952 into Bahrain’s ruling family. Traditionally, families such as his have demonstrated their appreciation of art through patronage and little in creativity. Exposed to literature, philosophy and music in high school, Rashid's interest in painting was encouraged by the late Amir, Shaikh Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa, followed and Shaikh Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa, the Prime Minister of Bahrain, when both showed genuine interest in Rashid's works at a local art exhibition at his high school.
As a young student, he actively participated in interscholastic painting activities and attended exhibitions of visiting artists. His first painting recorded was in 1966 when he was 14 years old when he had painted an oil painting of the Khamis mosque. His favourite artworks were landscapes.
When he came of age, he traveled to the United Kingdom where he studied extensively and gained a thorough knowledge of European masters. Realism, impressionism and abstract all have a hand in Shaikh Rashid's early works. But, it is also certain that he took liberties when producing such paintings. Upon his return in 1970, he had his first art exhibition at the Dilmun Hotel in Manama, then considered to be the prime location for Bahrain's recreational activities. From pastoral landscapes to desert scenes, once again, he has shifted his subjects and expanded the scope of his reference from the simply theoretical to the geographical as well.
He did much experimenting in the two decades between the 1970s and 1980s. His knowledge and comprehension of anatomy, perspective and composition were the foundations for his figurative and landscape paintings. His works in this period exhibits characteristics of Romanticism, Abstract Expressionism and Impressionism as well as to Realism.
In 1983, the Bahrain Arts Society was formed, and Shaikh Rashid was named its first president. The society is a non-profit organisation for Bahraini artists to gather and hold their painting exhibitions. To date the Bahrain Art Society continues its active participation in art exhibitions in Europe, the Middle East and Asia with Shaikh Rashid as the honorary president.
He also held a government post as the undersecretary for tourism for the Ministry of Culture of Bahrain until June 2011. In the 90’s, he started to merge the two subjects and came up with his Two-dimensional paintings, his period of Individualism. After the first Gulf War, Shaikh Rashid was appointed undersecretary for immigration, passports and nationality.
In his new millennium paintings, landscape and figurative morphed resulting in Abstract and Colour Field. He maintained his focus on the aesthetics of what post-modernism's adherents might identify as a re-contextualisation of an art genre, but his works were never created as exercises in post-modernist theory.
A book entitled "Rashid bin Khalifa Al Khalifa, 40 years of painting, from himself, by himself, for himself" (ISBN 978-99901-03-52-6) is a showcase of his 40-year œuvre. The 160 page book concentrates on Shaikh Rashid's art critical biography and artistic identity analysed by Iraqi-born Swede Modhir Ahmed.
Exhibitions.
Selected International Exhibitions.
Rashid participated in the following exhibitions alongside the Bahrain Arts Society. 

</doc>
<doc id="20554319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554319" title="Funhouse (song)">
Funhouse (song)

"Funhouse" is the fifth single from American singer-songwriter Pink's fifth studio album of the same name. The track was written by P!nk, Jimmy Harry and Tony Kanal who also produced the song. It holds the title of the album and, just like most of the album's tracks, the song speaks about P!nk's split with motocrossrider Carey Hart. Pink performed the song on September 16, 2009 on the Jimmy Kimmel Live! concert stage.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Funhouse" received acclaim from critics, being regarded as one of the musical and lyrical highlights of the album. "There's More Where That Came From gave the song an A- stating, "'Funhouse' has the energy of 'So What' but surpasses it half-way through, when the song breaks into true rocker mode. Something we haven’t seen from Pink since 'Trouble' back in 2003!" "Billboard" also gave the song a very positive review, saying "Pink again displays her versatility on this complex number, which calls for blues, funk and rock vocal stylings that few other pop stars could pull off. The singer delivers with full force, colliding with lively guitar licks and hints of synth" and giving it an 81% approval.
Chart performance.
"Funhouse" became Pink's 16th Top 10 single in Australia, climbing to a chart peak of number six on 2 August 2009. The song also became Pink's 5th consecutive #1 single on the Australian Airplay Chart, with all 4 previous singles from Funhouse peaking at #1 too. In New Zealand, the song debuted at number 18 on August 3, 2009, becoming Pink's fifth consecutive top twenty hit from the "Funhouse" album. It has since peaked at number 15. It also made its chart debut on the Turkey Top 20 Chart at number twenty-five. "Funhouse" first appeared on the UK Singles Chart on July 5, 2009 at number 155. It climbed 30 spots to 125 a week later. It currently peaks at twenty-nine. Also in the UK, the song has been added to the B List of the Radio 1 Playlist. It is expected to climb in the following weeks due to the physical release of the single. In the week of 4 August 2009, "Funhouse" debuted at the Dutch Top 40 at number 31, making this her 19th entry on the chart. "Funhouse" debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 at #80 and has risen to a peak of #21. The song was released on August 25, 2009 in the U.S., and on the week ending October 3, the song debuted at number 23 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart. The following week, the song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at #97 and peaked at #44.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Dave Meyers and premiered on June 20, 2009 in the United Kingdom on 4music at 11:00am. Tony Kanal of No Doubt, also the co-writer and the producer of the song, appears in a cameo, playing a piano. The video takes place in a barren lot that is later shown to be what's left of a house that is still burning. There are 'evil clowns' throughout the area who are picking though the rubble and playing the instruments as the band. The video begins as it pans low to the ground showing an "Elvis" grave briefly. Pink emerges from an old empty pool and begins to sing the first verse. She proceeds to kick over a toilet and picks up a framed photo. She throws it behind her. She passes a toaster and now it shows that she is in a burning fun house. She dances past a few 'evil clowns'. It shows more of the burning remains of the building. She picks up a stick and throws it down. Then an 'evil clown' turns around and the camera has a close up of its face. She counts down from 9. (She quickly shows her middle finger on '5' but on most versions of the video that is blurred out.) She moves to a table and takes a sip of some red liquid but becomes disgusted and throws it down. She jumps onto a mattress attached to a chain which two 'evil clowns' are pulling. She gets off the mattress and climbs onto the burning fun house. It shows four 'evil clowns' (Two are miming with each other, one is playing the guitar and the last is just standing on its own.) She goes over to the guitar playing clown and dances with it. She proceeds to count down from 9 again. She climbs through a doggie door to find Tony Kanal playing the piano. Pink moves to a motorcycle and puts on sunglasses and a leather jacket. In the background a voice is counting down from 9. At one she rides away on the motorcycle as the house explodes. It then shows her riding her motorcycle on a road as the song ends.
The Funhouse Freakshow Edition.
As a part of the "Funhouse Freakshow", alternate videos for "Funhouse," along with "Please Don't Leave Me" and "Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely)" were shot.
The video for "Funhouse" directed by Cole Walliser shows P!nk singing onstage along with a band consisting of clowns and the staff of a circus. She wears the same outfit that appears on the cover of "Glitter in the Air." The video is entirely shot in black and white, and it's the only one, among the "Funhouse Freakshow" videos where P!nk lip-syncs the words of the song. The video appears on the bonus DVD accompanying the deluxe edition of P!nk's compilation album, "Greatest Hits... So Far!!!".

</doc>
<doc id="20554340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554340" title="Trobelno">
Trobelno

Trobelno is a small dispersed settlement in the hills above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20554357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554357" title="Mazhayethum Munpe">
Mazhayethum Munpe

Mazhayethum Munpe () is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Kamal and written by Sreenivasan. The film stars Mammootty, Shobhana, Annie and Sreenivasan in the lead roles. In 2005, this movie was remade in Hindi by the same director as "" starring Ajay Devgan, Ameesha Patel and Mahima Chaudhry. 
Plot.
The movie starts with Rahman (Sreenivasan) going to Kolkata in search of Nandakumar Varma (Mammootty). He finally finds Nandakumar in a depressed state. Rahman compels him to return home. But he refuses. Finally, he succumbs to the pressure and complies. The film then goes to flashback mode revealing the reasons for Nandakumar's estranged state.
Nandakumar was a college professor. He had moved to the city from his village of kerala for the sake of his job. Rahman was his colleague with whom he stayed. In the college he had to confront a mischievous gang of girls headed by Shruthi (Annie). Nandakumar had a serious, no-nonsense attitude and the gang played a lot of pranks upon him. Nandakumar had a second life in his native village, where he had to take care of the treatment of his paralyzed fiancée Uma Maheshwari (Shobhana). It was to meet her medical expenses that he had taken up this job. 
The tussle between Nandakumar and the gang proceeded in parallel. Gradually, Shruthi falls for Nandakumar and revealed her feelings for him. He laughed it off as a teenage infatuation. But she persisted. Meanwhile, Uma's condition improved remarkably with her regaining the ability to walk. Nandakumar, who had developed a cordial relationship with the gang by then, took them for a trip to his picturesque village. His main intention was to make Shruthi meet Uma so that she would change her mind. Shruthi got shattered on witnessing the warmth in the relationship between Uma and Nandkumar. After returning, she paid a discreet visit to Uma. There she revealed her feelings for Nandakumar to Uma. She accused Uma of being selfish and possessive by forcing Nandakumar to sacrifice his life and pleasures for her sake. Uma got a mental shock from the vitriolic behaviour of Shruthi and that triggered a second stroke. She became paralyzed again and doctors gave up all hope. She forced him to marry Shruthi and he complied reluctantly.
Even after the marriage Nandakumar was not able to find any peace of mind. Their relationship was very cold. Later, Shruthi told Nandakumar about her meeting with Uma. Enraged by this revelation he left his home. He wandered across places like a mad man. 
On coming back, Nandakumar learns that Shruthi had committed suicide after giving birth to his child. Rahman takes him to Uma's home. There he finds Uma, whose condition improved, taking care of his child.
Soundtrack.
The songs of the film were well acclaimed. Raveendran composed 3 out of the six songs, while famed advertisement jingle composer R. Anandh composed the rest. Raveendran's "Aatmavin Pusthakathaalil" and "Enthinu Veroru Sooryodayam" went on to become hits, while Anandh's "Ladies Collegil" too became a crowd favourite. 
Awards.
The film fetched Sreenivasan the Best Screenplay award at the Kerala State Film Awards 1995. The film also won the Kerala State Film Awards for the Best film for Popular Appeal and Aesthetic Quality. Kamal won the best director Ramu Kariat award of 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20554368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554368" title="Tomoyo Oshima">
Tomoyo Oshima


</doc>
<doc id="20554379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554379" title="Laura More">
Laura More

Laura More (using the pseudonym Laura Muncey) (born 16 December 1984) is a British singer who is best known for her appearance in the "Call on Me" music video, and in her lead vocals in Uniting Nations single "Ai No Corrida"".
Discography.
Ai No Corrida.
""Ai No Corrida"" was Uniting Nations' third single, which featured the vocal talents of Laura More and had its UK release on November 7, 2005 on enhanced CD (which included the video), 12 inch Vinyl and Digital Download. It also reached the top 20 in the UK, by peaking at #18. Uniting Nations's ""Ai No Corrida"" was used by Danny Choo in his Shibuya-based Tokyo Dance Trooper video.
Earlier career.
She appeared in Eric Prydz's song "Call on me" music video. The music video was directed by Huse Monfaradi and features an aerobics class of women wearing 1980s styled aerobics outfits performing sexually suggestive gym routines led by Australian dancer and choreographer Deanne Berry, much to the enjoyment of the sole man in the group, played by Juan Pablo Di Pace. Laura then appeared with Deanne, Juan and most of the other Call on Me dancers in the Ministry of Sound fitness video Pump It Up. She also appeared in the video for the Michael Gray single The Weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="20554388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554388" title="Ly Chan Siha">
Ly Chan Siha

Ly Chan Siha is a Cambodian actress. She starred in the movies Gratefulness (2003) and Moronak Meada (2004). She won the award for Best Actress for playing the title role in Moronak Meada.

</doc>
<doc id="20554410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554410" title="Tučna">
Tučna

Tučna () is a small settlement in the hills northeast of the town of Kamnik in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20554424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554424" title="Piedmontese regional election, 1970">
Piedmontese regional election, 1970

The Piedmontese regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970.
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party and, after the election, it formed a government along with the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party. The regional government was led by Edoardo Calleri di Sala until 1973 and then by Gianni Oberto Tarena, both Christian Democrats.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20554507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554507" title="David Borowich">
David Borowich

David Borowich (born 1969) is an American financier, philanthropist, community organizer and activist. He is the founder of multiple community organizations, including Dor Chadash, which hosts cultural exchange programs between Israeli and American Jews. In 2008, "The Forward" magazine included him in the "Forward 50", a list of the year's 50 most influential Jewish Americans.
Biography.
According to his website, Borowich was born in Lexington, Kentucky, but grew up in New Rochelle, New York. He currently lives in New York City with his wife, Sivan Achor-Borowich. He received a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Yeshiva University and a Master of Business Administration from New York University. After his undergraduate study at Yeshiva, Borowich moved to Israel and served in the Israeli Defense Forces. When he returned to the United States, Borowich worked for Indiana U.S. Senator Dan Coats, and later for the Likud Party's American organization.
Career and philanthropy.
Borowich is a Senior Vice President with the RAI Group, an investment firm. He is active in the American Jewish community, which "The Forward" acknowledged when it ranked him one of the 50 most influential Jewish Americans in 2008. He serves as the Honorary Chairman of Dor Chadash, an organization he founded in 2003 that fosters ties between Israeli and American Jews through cultural exchange programs and events. He is on the Board of Directors of several organizations, including the New York University Alumni Board, the Jewish Community Relation Council of New York and the American Zionist Movement. In addition to founding Dor Chadash, he also co-founded the Council of Young Jewish Presidents and Parallel Lives, the latter an organization that brings together Israeli soldiers with youths from the global Jewish diaspora.

</doc>
<doc id="20554515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554515" title="Muhamad Kanan">
Muhamad Kanan

Muhamad Kanan (; , born 17 October 1955) is an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the United Arab List and the Arab National Party between 1999 and 2003.
Biography.
Born in Tamra, Kanan gained a BA at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, before studying community centre management at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and then working as a high school teacher. Between 1980 and 1988 he served as deputy mayor of his hometown, and chaired the management council of the town's community centre between 1981 and 1989.
He was elected to the Knesset on the United Arab List list in the 1999 elections, but on 19 February 2001, left the party to establish the Arab National Party along with Tawfik Khatib. The new party did not participate in the 2003 elections, and both lost their seats.
In the run-up to the 2006 elections it looked like Kanan would join Hadash. However, the party then entered the election race, before withdrawing and announcing its support for Balad, though by then it was too late to take the party's name off the ballot. On election day the party picked up only 738 votes (0.02%), the second lowest in total and far below the electoral threshold of 2%.
In December 2008, Kanan joined the new Arab Centre Party, and was given second place on its Knesset list.

</doc>
<doc id="20554519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554519" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1932–1935">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1932–1935

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1932 to 1935. Half of its members were elected at the 17 November 1928 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1929 and finishing on 30 June 1935; the other half were elected at the 19 December 1931 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1932 and finishing on 30 June 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="20554528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554528" title="Piedmontese regional election, 1975">
Piedmontese regional election, 1975

The Piedmontese regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
Christian Democracy resulted narrowly ahead of the Italian Communist Party, which was the real winner of the election.
After the election, the Italian Socialist Party, which had been a junior partner in the Christian Democrat-led regional government since 1970, switched sides and formed a coalition with the Communists. The new regional government, composed of Communists and Socialists, was led by Socialist Aldo Viglione. Piedmont was thus the first and only Region of the North, along with neighbouring Liguria, to have a left-wing government.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20554532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554532" title="Kumaraswamy Layout">
Kumaraswamy Layout

Located in South Bangalore, Kumaraswamy Layout (Kannada:ಕುಮಾರಸ್ವಾಮಿ ಬಡಾವಣೆ) lies adjacent to Banashankari.
History.
Kumaraswamy Layout was formed in the late 1970s by the BDA. This area under BBMP is recently seeing development.This is one the rapidly growing areas in Bangalore.This makes it one of the most conservative places to live in Bangalore. It has a substantial population of long-term, mostly Kannada-speaking residents.
Transport.
The area is easily accessible by Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) buses.Kumaraswamy Layout 2nd Stage is a sub Locality in Jayanagar Locality in Bangalore.
Kumaraswamy Layout 2nd Stage is 8.46 K.M distance from Kempegowda Bus Station ( Majestic Station ) 

</doc>
<doc id="20554536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554536" title="Centennial High School (Bakersfield, California)">
Centennial High School (Bakersfield, California)

Centennial High School is a public high school located in Bakersfield, California. Its opening in 1993 marked the 100 year anniversary of the Kern High School District. Centennial is the home of many nationally recognized extra-curricular academic programs, including Virtual Business and We The People, both of which have finished ranked in the top 5 nationally in the school's history. As of 2011, Centennial has an API score of 841, surpassing Stockdale High's API score, the highest in the Kern High School District.
Centennial's athletic teams are known as the Centennial Golden Hawks and wear the school's colors of red, white, and gold. As part of the Southwest Yosemite League, the Golden Hawks compete in football, baseball, boys and girls soccer and basketball, track & field, cross country, women's volleyball, boys and girls tennis, swim, and dive. The women's volleyball team won the state championship in 1996. They also won the valley championships 2010. The football team went undefeated in league play for the first 10 years of the program. 

</doc>
<doc id="20554550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554550" title="Xiengkeo Palace">
Xiengkeo Palace

Xiengkeo Palace was the former royal residence of the Lao Prime Minister, Prince Phetsarath. The buildings were French colonial and Luang Prabang in style. After the communist revolution, it was converted into a hotel and renamed the Grand Luang Prabang hotel. 

</doc>
<doc id="20554567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554567" title="Jim van Fessem">
Jim van Fessem

Jim van Fessem (August 7, 1975 in Tilburg) is a retired Dutch football goalkeeper.
Van Fessem played for Willem II, Vitesse, ADO Den Haag, De Graafschap and NAC Breda in the Dutch Eredivisie.
Statistics.
Last update: December 5, 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20554592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554592" title="Robert Griffin III">
Robert Griffin III

Robert Lee Griffin III (born February 12, 1990), nicknamed RG3, is an American football quarterback for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Baylor University, and won the 2011 Heisman Trophy. He was selected by the Redskins with the second pick of the 2012 NFL Draft. Griffin III won the 2012 NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
Early years.
A military brat, Griffin was born on Okinawa, Japan, where his parents, Robert Jr. and Jacqueline, both U.S. Army sergeants, were stationed. The family later lived at Fort Lewis near Tacoma, Washington, and then moved to New Orleans, Louisiana. They finally settled in Copperas Cove, Texas, in 1997.
Football.
Griffin attended Copperas Cove High School, where he was a three-sport star in basketball, football, and track for the Bulldawgs. He started at quarterback for two seasons. During his junior season, he passed for 2,001 yards and 25 touchdowns with 2 interceptions, while compiling 876 rushing yards for 8 touchdowns. He received first-team All-District 16-4A honors after the season. As a senior he recorded 1,285 rushing yards, posting 24 touchdowns, and passed for 1,356 yards for 16 touchdowns with 7 interceptions. In his senior season Copperas Cove finished with a record of 13–2, but lost in the championship game of the 2007 Class 4A Division I state playoffs. Over the two seasons, he rushed for a total of 2,161 yards and 32 touchdowns while passing for 3,357 yards and 41 touchdowns with 9 interceptions.
Track.
In track, Griffin broke state records for the 110-meter and 300-meter hurdles. He ran the 110-meter hurdles in 13.55 seconds and the 300-meter hurdles in 35.33 seconds. The 300 hurdles time was 1/100th of a second short of tying the national high school record at the time. He was also a gold medalist in the 110- and 400-meter hurdles on the AAU track and field circuit. In 2007, as a junior, he was rated the No. 1 high school 400-meter intermediate hurdler in the country, and was tied at No. 1 for the 110-meter sprint hurdler in the nation. His personal best in the 110-meter hurdles, 13.46 sec, ranked fifth in the world among junior athletes (behind Noga, Brathwaite, Dutch, and Zhukov), while his best 2007 time in the 400-meter hurdles, 49.56 sec—his personal best until 2008—lead all juniors worldwide for that year. Also as a junior, Griffin received the Gatorade Texas Boys Track and Field Athlete of the Year award, and was named to "USA Today"′s 2007 All-USA Track and Field team. His personal best in the 400-meter hurdles was achieved on May 18, 2008, with a time of 49.22 seconds.
College recruitment.
Rivals.com, a college football recruiting service, ranked Griffin the fourth-best dual-threat quarterback in the nation and the 42nd-best player in Texas in the high school prospect class of 2008. During the college recruiting period Griffin was pursued by Stanford, Tennessee, Kansas, Nebraska, Houston, Tulsa, Illinois, Washington State, and Oregon. Griffin initially committed to play for Houston under head coach Art Briles. When Briles left Houston to take the head coaching position at Baylor, Griffin switched his commitment and eventually signed a letter of intent to play for Baylor, in part because the university also had a top track and field program.
College career.
Griffin graduated from high school a semester early, after serving as class president and ranking seventh in his class. He began attending Baylor University during the spring 2008 semester when he was 17 years old. As a member of Baylor's track and field team, Griffin finished in first place in the 400-meter hurdles at both the Big 12 Conference Championship and the NCAA Midwest Regional Championship meets; he also broke the NCAA Midwest Regional 400-meter hurdles record. He placed third in the NCAA meet and also participated in the U.S. Olympic Trials, in which he advanced to the semifinals. Griffin graduated in three years with a bachelor's degree in political science and a 3.67 GPA, while appearing on the dean's list twice. During his final year of college sports eligibility, he was studying for a master's degree in communications.
2008 season.
As a true freshman playing for the Bears, Griffin earned Big 12 Conference Offensive Freshman of the Year honors. Griffin started 11 of 12 games his freshman season. In the upset 41–21 victory over the Texas A&M Aggies, he recorded 13 of 23 passes for 241 yards, 2 touchdowns, no interceptions, and no sacks. Griffin garnered Big 12 Freshman of the Year honors from the league's coaches (who are not allowed to vote for their own players) as well as the media.
The team finished the season with a 4–8 record (2–6 Big 12).
2009 season.
Griffin sat out for the remainder of the 2009 season after sustaining an isolated tear to his ACL in the first half of the third game, his third start of his sophomore year. The Bears picked up a 68-13 victory over Northwestern State.
Season record was 4–8 (1–7 Big 12).
2010 season.
Griffin was granted redshirt status so he entered the 2010 season as a redshirt sophomore. According to the bylaws, players who are injured after playing less than 30 percent of the season may be eligible (Griffin was injured during game 3 of 12 of the 2009 season, with 25 percent of the season completed).
Baylor finished the season 7–6 (4–4 Big 12).
2011 season.
Coming into the 2011 season, the Baylor Bears were not expected to do well, being picked 6th in the Big 12 preseason poll. The Bears opened the season against 15th-ranked TCU. The Bears took a 47-23 lead into the 4th quarter, and were able to fight off a comeback after the Horned Frogs gained the lead 48-47 briefly, only for Baylor to kick the game winning field goal and win 50-48. They pulled off the upset in large part due to Griffin's performance; he passed for 359 yards, with 5 touchdowns and a 77.8% completion percentage. On the game-winning drive, Griffin also caught a key pass. Following the win, Baylor entered the AP Poll rankings for only the third time in the previous 15 seasons, at 20th, and Griffin was considered by many to be a Heisman Trophy candidate. After a bye week Baylor shut out Stephen F. Austin State University 48-0, and Griffin went 20 of 22 (90.9%) for 247 yards and 3 touchdowns and ran for 78 yards. In week 4, Griffin ushered Baylor to their third win, beating Rice University 56-31; Griffin completed 29 of 33 passes (87.9%) for 338 yards with 51 yards rushing and a touchdown. In week five against Kansas State, Griffin almost brought the Bears to their fourth win, going 23 out of 31 (74.2%) for 346 yards and 5 touchdowns with only 1 interception, but they lost 36-35 to the Wildcats. In week six against Iowa State, Griffin took Baylor to Iowa for their fourth win, completing 22 out of 30 (73.3%) for 212 yards, 1 touchdown and no interceptions. He won the Heisman Trophy, becoming the first player from Baylor to win it. Griffin also led Baylor to a 10-3 record, including a 67-56 win over the Washington Huskies in the Alamo Bowl. With a combined 123 points, it stands as the highest-scoring regulation bowl game in NCAA history. Due to the Alamo Bowl, Griffin became the first player since Tim Tebow in 2007 to win the Heisman and not appear in the National Championship (#1 LSU faced #2 Alabama).
Griffin, who graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science with a 3.67 grade point average in December 2010, began pursuing a Master's in communications in 2011. On January 11, 2012, Griffin officially announced his intention to enter the 2012 NFL Draft.
School records.
Griffin set or tied 8 single-game, 26 single-season, and 20 career Baylor records.
Professional career.
2012 NFL Draft.
Griffin was not perceived as a first-round draft pick prior to his junior season. By midseason, however, he had drawn the attention of NFL scouts and analysts, and some started projecting he would be an early first round selection. Towards the end of his junior season, Griffin had established himself as the No. 2 quarterback prospect for the 2012 NFL Draft, behind the unanimous first pick projection Andrew Luck.
Griffin was widely projected to be the No. 2 pick of the draft, but the St. Louis Rams—the team originally holding the pick—had already selected Sam Bradford to be their long-term starting quarterback with the No. 1 overall pick in the 2010 NFL Draft. Wanting to stick with Bradford, the Rams decided to deal the pick prior to the draft, with the Cleveland Browns and Washington Redskins perceived as the most interested bidders. After a brief bidding process, the Redskins acquired the pick by giving the Rams four high-value draft picks over three years: their No. 6 overall pick in 2012, their second-round pick in 2012, and their first-round picks in 2013 and 2014.
As expected, the Redskins selected Griffin at No. 2, making him the second Baylor Bear to be drafted that high in four years (after Jason Smith in 2009), but the first Baylor quarterback to be chosen second overall since Adrian Burk in 1950.
Washington Redskins (2012-present).
2012 season.
Griffin wore number 10 for the Redskins, with "Griffin III" on the back of his jersey. This made him the first player in the history of the "Big Four" professional sports leagues (NFL, MLB, NHL, and NBA) to have a Roman numeral on the back of his jersey, as the NFL changed the rule in 2012 to allow players to include generational titles in their names. Griffin previously had "Griffin III" on the back of his jersey while in college, which was actually necessary in order to distinguish him from the other Robert Griffin on the Baylor team. On July 18, 2012, the Redskins officially signed him to a four-year, $21.1 million contract with a $13.8 million signing bonus.
On September 9, 2012, Griffin officially became the NFL's first starting quarterback who was born in the 1990s. In his official debut as a starting quarterback in the NFL, Griffin opened the Redskins' season by completing 19 of 26 passes for 320 yards and 2 touchdowns while adding 10 carries for 42 rushing yards in a 40-32 victory over the New Orleans Saints. He was named "NFC Offensive Player of the Week" for his performance - the first time in NFL history that a rookie quarterback has been given that honor for his debut game. Griffin's debut performance was further rewarded after he was named "NFL Rookie of the Week", and he was given that honor once again after the Redskins' win over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 4. On October 4, he was named September's "NFL Offensive Rookie of the Month." The next week against the Atlanta Falcons, he left the game late in the third quarter after suffering a mild concussion after receiving a blow to the head by Sean Weatherspoon. He was cleared to play in the next game against the Minnesota Vikings, where he had another impressive performance that included a 76-yard rushing touchdown. The Redskins ended their home-game losing streak and Griffin was named "NFL Rookie of the Week" for a third time.
On November 14 during the Redskins' bye week, the team voted Griffin an offensive co-captain. Following the Redskins' 31-6 victory against the Philadelphia Eagles, he was named "NFC Offensive Player of the Week" for a second time. Griffin's performance - passing for 200 yards with 4 touchdowns, rushing for an additional 84 yards, and finishing with a perfect 158.3 passer rating - made him the first rookie in NFL history to pass for 200 yards, pass for 4 touchdowns and rush for more than 75 yards in a single game. Along with that achievement, his performance against the Eagles made him the youngest player in NFL history, at 22 years and 284 days old, to achieve a perfect passer rating in a game.
In the Week 14 game against the Baltimore Ravens on December 9, the Redskins would suffer another injury scare when defensive end Haloti Ngata hit Griffin directly at his right knee, twisting it in the process. On the final drive of the fourth quarter, Griffin was tackled after rushing for 13 yards and hopped on one leg for several plays before leaving the game. Backup quarterback Kirk Cousins would come in the game and lead the Redskins to a 31-28, overtime victory. The next day it was confirmed that Griffin had sustained a Grade 1 LCL sprain. It was decided that Griffin would sit out the next game against the Cleveland Browns to give him more time to heal and avoid the chance of further injuries. He returned the next game and led the Redskins to another victory over the Eagles in Week 16. The knee injury emerged as a controversy on January 6, the day the Redskins faced the Seattle Seahawks in the NFC wild card game, when "USA Today" reported that – contrary to a previous statement made by Head Coach Mike Shanahan – Dr. James Andrews had not cleared Griffin to return for the post-injury plays in the December 9 game. Griffin then re-injured his knee in the wild card loss to the Seahawks. Griffin underwent surgery on January 9 and both his LCL and ACL were repaired.
For the season, Griffin set records for highest passer rating by a rookie quarterback (102.4) and highest touchdown to interception ratio (4:1).
On December 26, Griffin was named to enter the 2013 Pro Bowl. Due to injuries on his ACL and LCL ligaments in his right knee, he was negated from the Pro Bowl roster and replaced by Drew Brees.
2013 Season.
After some controversy over whether Griffin would be ready for the season opener (he did not play a single preseason game), he debuted in the loss to Philadelphia Eagles. He struggled until Week 7 against the Chicago Bears, a game the Redskins won 45-41, with Griffin having 298 passing yards and two touchdowns, one of which a 45-yard touchdown pass to Aldrick Robinson. The 27-6 loss against the San Francisco 49ers in Week 12 was the first game in Griffin's collegiate and professional career, where he failed to score a single offensive touchdown. On December 11, Head coach Mike Shanahan announced that Griffin would be inactive for last three games of the season so he would not be injured before the 2014 offseason and that Kirk Cousins would finish the season as the starter.
Endorsements.
Griffin has signed a number of endorsement deals from companies such as Adidas, Castrol Motor Oil, EA Sports, EvoShield, Gatorade, Nissan, and Subway. According to ESPN's Dollars blog, Griffin has "earned more than any other rookie in NFL history before throwing his first regular-season pass," largely as a result of endorsements.
Personal life.
Griffin has family ties to New Orleans. His paternal grandfather, Robert Griffin Sr., was a foreman for a New Orleans construction company. He suffered from glaucoma for several years, and died in 1984 at age 43 from a brain aneurysm. Financial hardship caused the family to move to the Desire Projects neighborhood.
Griffin's father, Robert Griffin Jr., a talented basketball player at Kennedy High School, enlisted in the Army before he graduated. While stationed in Fort Carson, Colorado, he met and later married Jackie Griffin (née Ross). The couple were deployed to Okinawa, Fort Lewis, and Fort Hood, nearby which they eventually settled after retiring from the military.
Griffin grew up a fan of the Denver Broncos. At Baylor, Griffin met Rebecca Liddicoat, a native of Boulder, Colorado. The two were married on July 6, 2013.
Griffin is a Protestant Christian, who is known for making the sign of the cross after big plays. He has said, "my relationship with God was my most important influence... I praise God, I thank him for everything. Purposefully, you live every day for Him, and when He gives you the opportunity to speak up for Him or to do something in His name, you do it."

</doc>
<doc id="20554595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554595" title="Museum of Cultures (Lugano)">
Museum of Cultures (Lugano)

The Museum of Cultures () is one of the museums that form part of the Polo Culturale of the city of Lugano in Switzerland. It is situated in the Heleneum, a villa on the shore of Lake Lugano to the east of the city centre and in the quarter of Castagnola.
Heleneum.
The museum occupies the site of the first Caréol Villa, which was built by Johann Frederic Haflinger in the second half of the nineteenth century. In 1929 it was sold to Hélène Bieber, originally from Frankfurt and a resident of Paris. Hélène had the earlier villa demolished, and replaced it with the current Heleneum. The new building, which was built between 1930 and 1934, was modelled on the Petit Trianon in Versaille. Hélène lived there until her death in 1967. 
Between 1969 and 1971 the Heleneum hosted improvers piano classes under the artistic direction of Carlo Florindo Semini, with Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli and Franco Ferrara. Later on the Istituto Ticinesi di Alti Studi directed by Elémire Zolla and gathering archaeologists, anthropologists, art historians, philosophers, linguists, egyptologists and orientalists settled in the mansion house. Between 1971 and 1976 the Heleneum hosted the Istituto Dalle Molle di Studi Semantici e Cognitivi.
The Museo delle Culture was established in the Helenium in 1985, in order to house the collection of the Swiss Italian artist and collector Serge Brignoni, which he had donated to the City of Lugano. The museum opened to the public in 1989.
The Heleneum park, which surrounds the villa, is a botanic gem where, thanks to a particularly mild microclimate, Mediterranean, tropical and subtropical plants are grown. The park's lakeside location means it offers a panoramic view of the lake and the surrounding mountains. A landing stage within the park is served by a boat service provided by the Società Navigazione del Lago di Lugano.
Brignoni Collection.
The Museo delle Culture conserves most of the ethnic art works that Serge Brignoni collected between 1930 and 1985. Therefore, the collection states the link between the creative forms of the "South Seas" cultures and the artistic Avant-Gardes of the 19th century that were inspired by those objects coming from far away. The works are the result of an attentive selection which favours the best workmanship objects and is able to fully recognize the expression of a not yet civilised art. The genres and the geographical origins of the Brignoni collection works are mostly the same as those found in the leading European, North American and Australian collections from the first half of the 20th century. Moreover almost none of the “pieces” considered fundamental for the contemporary collecting is missing.
Nodari Fund and Collection.
In 2006 the Museo delle Culture came to an agreement with the government of the canton of Ticino on the Nodari Fund and Collection. This agreement states that Canton Ticino, owner of the Collection and the Fund, lends to the Museo delle Culture, on a permanent contract, the whole collection and the documentary fund collected by Alfredo and Emma Nodari. The collection consists of a thousand art works and objects, two big river boats, almost 6'000 pictures, 71 documentary films and more than 60 hours tape recording, collected by Alfredo and Emma Nodari during their journeys to Africa (notably in Congo) in the '50s and '60s. The most important art works of the collection, probably are two pillars from the BaKuba royal palace in Kasai (Congo), that are placed at the entrance of the Museum.
Exhibitions.
The permanent exhibition layout is designed as an imaginary geo-cultural journey through the different areas represented in the Museum collection. In every room the visitor can appreciate and understand the works on the basis of the following four themes:
The temporary exhibitions are organised in three different exhibition cycles. "Esovisioni" deals with the theme of exotism in early 20th century photography; "Dèibambini" focuses on the pedagogical and creative relationship resulting from the encounter between children and ethnic art; "Altrarti" increases and broadens a specific art and culture expression, taking into consideration many different values. An illustrated scientific catalogue is published for every exhibition.
Activities and services.
The Museum activities are based on the scientific research carried out by the Museum staff and other experts, together with museums, cultural institutions and universities worldwide. For this reason, the Museum often hosts seminars and higher education activities: lectures, refresher courses and museography and anthropology laboratories.
The Library and the Archive are open from Tuesday to Friday from 3pm to 5 pm. The Library catalogue is on-line on the Sistema bibliotecario ticinese (Sbt) website.
By appointment, it is possible to visit the Museum stores where there is also the Conservation and Museum technology activities Laboratory, equipped for the Museum needs and for private specific consultancies.
Specialised Museum staff offer many different educational activities as laboratories for children, guided tours, conference-tours and other activities that can be customised according to the user needs.
By appointment, the Museum also offer a guided tour of the mansion house and the park. Besides, the Museum offers its rooms for meeting, special events, photographic sessions and movie shots.
Bibliography.
Campione Francesco Paolo (ed.), "The Brignoni Collection"; volume one, "Art through Methamorphosis"; volume two, "Catalogue of Works", Mazzotta, Milan 2007. ISBN 978-88-202-1848-5 and ISBN 978-88-202-1865-2.
Cometti Marta, "Guida. Museo delle Culture di Lugano", Edizioni Città di Lugano/MCL (Antropunti/3), Lugano, 2009. ISBN 978-88-7777-043-1.
Vago Valeria, "In viaggio per i mari del Sud. Guida per ragazzi al Museo delle Culture", Edizioni Città di Lugano/MCL (Antropunti/2), Lugano, 2009. ISBN 978-88-7777-042-4.

</doc>
<doc id="20554605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554605" title="Kenneth Oram">
Kenneth Oram

The Right Reverend Kenneth Cyril Oram AKC (3 March 1919 – 7 January 2001) was an Anglican clergyman who served as Dean of Kimberley and of Grahamstown before his elevation to the episcopacy as Bishop of Grahamstown, 1974 to 1987.
Early years.
Oram was educated at Selhurst Grammar School and King's College London where he studied English and became an Associate of King's College. He was ordained deacon in 1942 and priest, in the Diocese of Canterbury, in 1943. In the same year he married Kathleen Malcolm.
Kimberley and Kuruman.
After the war Oram responded to an appeal by the United Society for the Propagation of the Gospel to serve abroad, and thus began his ministry in South Africa. He went out to the Diocese of Kimberley and Kuruman - which covered a vast area including, at that time, the southern half of the Bechuanaland Protectorate. Under Bishop John Hunter he was appointed initially as Rector of St Luke's Church, Prieska, and Director of Prieska Mission District (1949–51), and subsequently as Rector of Mafeking (St John's), 1952-59. He served as Archdeacon of Bechuanaland from 1953 to 1959.
Cyprian Thorpe, in an obituary, relates that while Oram was no linguist, he nevertheless learned enough Afrikaans, Setswana and isiXhosa to conduct services in those languages in the rural areas and townships where they were spoken. His musicality "undoubtedly helped him to pronounce the languages ... He was a church organist from the age of 15 and even produced Gilbert and Sullivan operettas amongst his Afrikaans-speaking congregations in the remote towns of the Northern Cape."
In 1960 he was appointed Dean of Kimberley at St Cyprian's Cathedral, where he was installed on 21 February 1960. This was exactly a month prior to the Sharpeville massacre, one of the turning points in the history of apartheid oppression under which Oram's South African ministry was exercised. “We shall offer penitence for our failure to be a Christian nation,” read a prayer chain in May 1960, part of the Union Jubilee Festival.
Oram's "love of music, together with a good pastoral touch, made him entirely suitable for a cathedral setting," comments Thorp. (His father had been a choirmaster and an elder brother, Bernard Oram, taught the organ at the Guildhall School of Music. Later Oram was to be a keen member of the Cape Organ Guild). The St Cyprian's Cathedral Choir at this period performed such works as Messiah (Handel), Elijah (Mendelssohn) and Bach's Christmas Oratorio.
One of Oram's curates at this period was Fr John da Costa who afterwards served in District Six and as Dean of Salisbury, Rhodesia. Another was Fr Alan Butler.
Grahamstown.
In 1964 Oram transferred to Grahamstown as Dean of St. Michael and St. George Cathedral.
In 1974 he was elected Bishop of Grahamstown.
Retirement.
On his return to England in 1987 Oram became Assistant Bishop of Lichfield, 1987-1997.
He died in Worthing, West Sussex, on 7 January 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20554660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554660" title="Tunjice">
Tunjice

Tunjice () is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of the town of Kamnik in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church, dedicated to Saint Anne, stands on a hill above the settlement and is an imposing High-Baroque domed building. It was constructed on the order by Peter Pavel Glavar from 1761–66 upon the plans by the architect Lovrenc Prager.
In the forest close to the church a natural healing grove with several "energy springs," known as the Tunjice Natural Health Resort, has been established.

</doc>
<doc id="20554706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554706" title="Tidal Bay">
Tidal Bay

Tidal Bay is an Irish bred Bay gelding Thoroughbred race horse foaled on 12 May 2001. He was the winner of two Grade 1 jumps races, the Arkle Challenge Trophy and the Maghull Novices' Chase in 2008. Trained by initially by Howard Johnson and subsequently by Paul Nicholls and owned by Graham and Andrea Wylie, he was bred by John Dorgan.
Racing career.
Debut.
He made his debut in a National Hunt flat race (under Michal Kohl) at Wetherby on March 18, 2006, where he finished a half length second to Scribano Eile. He was then second again by only a neck just under a month later at Aintree. In doing so he beat the decent Kicks For Free, Hennessy and Wichita Lineman.
2006/07 season.
In his first season racing Tidal Bay was sent novice hurdling winning in his first three attempts by a total of 21 lengths. He was second by only a neck to Massini's Maguire in the Ballymore Properties Novices' Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival in March 2007. On that day he had future Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Imperial Commander well behind him. Tidal Bay then went on to improve on that in Mersey Novices' Hurdle at Aintree in April 2007, where he beat Wins Now by 8 lengths under Paddy Brennan.
2007/08 season.
In the 2007-2008 season, Tidal Bay was to embark on a hugely successful Novice Chasing campaign. He was sent off at odds on for his first three Novice Chases,the first at Aintree where he beat the brilliant Albertas Run by a staggering 22 lengths. He comfortably won his next two starts and was made Antepost favourite for the Arkle Challenge Trophy at Cheltenham. His prep run for that race came in a Novices Chase at Doncaster in February, where he was sent off a 1/4 shot, but after making a mistake at the second last he was beaten a neck by Leslingtaylor. He was sent off the 6/1 second favourite for the 2008 Arkle Challenge Trophy behind market leader Noland (7/4) and it was in this race that Tidal Bay gained the biggest success of his career to date, where he was a comfortable 13 length winner over Kruguyrova. He went on to add to this success at Aintree in April 2008, where he won the Grade 1 Maghull Novices' Chase by 6 lengths from Takeroc.
2008/09 season.
His first race out of novice company came at Carlisle on the 2nd November 2008. He won comfortably, again beating Albertas Run. Next he headed to Sandown Park for the Grade 1 Tingle Creek Chase. Here he put up a valiant effort beaten only by the juggernaut that is Master Minded. He was then 2nd again on boxing day in the Rowland Meyrick Handicap Chase at Wetherby this time beaten 7 lengths by Nozic. In January 2009 Tidal Bay was 3rd behind Joe Lively and Welsh National winner Halcon Genelardais in the Letherby & Christopher chase on heavy going at Cheltenham. He headed straight back to Cheltenham for the Festival finishing fourth behind Imperial Commander in the Ryanair Chase. Tidal Bay then went to Aintree for the Melling Chase but could only manage a 5th at the end of a hard season. Subsequently he was treated for a back problem and would return early in the 2009-2010 season.
2009/10 season.
Tidal Bay returned in October 2009 at Aintree in the Old Roan Chase. He put up a decent performance for 2nd behind Monets Garden and in doing so beat that seasons eventual Grand National winner Don't Push It. He disappointed at Huntingdon in December when finishing 4th when sent off the 15/8 favourite for the Peterborough Chase. Questions were now being asked as to whether his back was still an issue. Tidal Bay then pulled off a shock when winning the Grade 2 Cleeve Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival Trials meeting beating ace hurdlers Lough Derg and Katchit as well as the potentially top class chaser Time For Rupert. It was decided that he would remain over hurdles and be aimed at the World Hurdle at the Festival in March. Unfortunately Tidal Bay was unable to repeat that form finishing 7th behind Big Buck's and Time For Rupert. He faced Big Buck's again at Aintree but could only manage 4th.
2010/11 season.
Tidal Bay's first run of the 2010/11 season was again over hurdles, at Wetherby. He finished a decent 3rd before being reverted to chasing at Haydock (Grade 1 Betfair Chase) in November. Here he pulled off an amazing performance to finish second to Imperial Commander having been virtually tailed off with a circuit still to travel. Admittedly however Imperial Commander was always in control and Tidal Bay was slightly flattered by the half length he was beaten by. Next for Tidal Bay was the Cheltenham Trials meeting where he was again second. Once again he tailed himself off before staying on strongly as Neptune Collonges faded. Tidal Bay started at around 14-1 for the Cheltenham Gold Cup. He travelled well through the first circuit, then once again he idled and found himself at one point over 80 yards behind the leaders with 4 fences remaining. Only to produce his incredible finish at the end of the race to go down by under 14 lengths to Long Run. His final race of the season was the John Smiths Grand National. There were high hopes for him before the race with many thinking that his Gold Cup performance made him "well in" at the weights. He unseated his rider on the first circuit - too early in the race to know if he was going to be involved at the finish.
2011/12 season.
Tidal Bay's only win of the 2011/12 season came when beating Roalco De Farges by 15 lengths to win the Bet365 Gold Cup at Sandown Park.
2012/13 season.
He started the 2012/13 season by winning the West Yorkshire Hurdle.
In his next race, the Hennessy Gold Cup, he finished 2nd to Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Bobs Worth by 3 lengths despite carrying top weight. 
He was then sent to Ireland to contest the Lexus Chase. He produced his trademark late surge to win the race beating First Lieutenant, Flemenstar, and Sir Des Champs in a four way go for the line.

</doc>
<doc id="20554713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554713" title="Dramatis">
Dramatis

Dramatis were an English synthpop band from the early 1980s. Chris Payne (vocals, keyboards), Russell Bell (guitars, keyboards), Cedric Sharpley (drums), and Denis Haines (keyboards) were all originally members of Gary Numan's backing band. They formed Dramatis following Numan's announced retirement in April 1981.
They released six singles and one album before disbanding in 1982. Two of their singles reached the UK Singles Chart: the 1981 single with Numan "Love Needs No Disguise" which reached number 33, and the 1982 single "I Can See Her Now" which reached number 57.
Cedric Sharpley died from a heart attack on 13 March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20554727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554727" title="Atriplex subspicata">
Atriplex subspicata

Atriplex subspicata is a species of saltbush known by the common names saline saltbush and halberdleaf orach. It is native to much of the United States and southern Canada, where it most often grows in saline and alkaline soils. 
Description.
This is an annual herb which varies in appearance, growing erect to heights between 0.5 and 1.5 meters with a greenish striate stem. The greenish or reddish leaves are lance-shaped to arrowhead-shaped and may exceed 8 centimeters in length. The male and female flowers are borne in small, hard clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="20554741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554741" title="World Strongman Cup Federation">
World Strongman Cup Federation

The World Strongman Cup Federation ("WSCF") was a worldwide organisation within strength athletics that claimed to be the sport's organising body with the aim of making "the Strongman Sport more popular and accessible for a wide range of the people." Its motto was "be strong". It was also a charity. The Federation organised the World Strongman Cup one of the main competitions in the field of strength athletics boasting participation from some of the foremost strongmen around the globe. It was a separate competition from the World's Strongest Man, the Strongman Super Series (producing a World Champion) and the IFSA World Championship). It has since been replaced by the World Strongman Federation's World Cup.
History.
Until completion of the 2004 World's Strongest Man competition, the IFSA managed the annual World's Strongest Man contest. However, that year saw an acrimonious dividing of the sport with the IFSA forming its own competition and with the World's Strongest Man ("WSM") continuing to be organised by TWI, an IMG Media company. The WSM itself was never a federation, but an event organised commercially. When the IFSA formed their own competition and banned their contracted athletes from competing in the WSM, the World Strongman Cup Federation ("WSCF") filled a void and signed up many of the non-IFSA athletes. At the 2005 WSM finals, two thirds of the athletes were under contract with the WSCF. Since its inception the WSMCF has organised events in many countries including: United States of America, Canada, Germany, Austria, Russia, Serbia, Poland and Spain. Its flagship event was the World Strongman Cup.
Following a financial dispute with the World Strongman Cup Federation Vlad Redkin, one of its chief organisers, left to found the World Strongman Federation. Following Vlad's departure, the WSCF ceased to promote events and effectively disappeared from the strength athletics landscape. In September 2007 an event in Khanty-Mansijsk formerly affiliated to WSMC and featuring its athletes was promoted by Vlad Redkin. This event had its name changed at short notice from WSMC to the Grand Prix of Khanty-Mansijsk (Russia) and in effect was the first WSF event. The reason given after the competition by Redkin was that a combination of financial reasons as well as concerns over WSMCF's stated aim of forming closer ties with the International Federation of Strength Athletes led him to part company with WSMCF. He initially planned to cooperate closely with the World Strongman Super Series in 2008, but in fact set up a new federation called the World Strongman Federation.
World Strongman Cup.
The World Strongman Cup has been run since 2004. It is organised as a tour event with many competitions held throughout the globe. The overall winner is ascertained through the cumulation of points scored across the season.
2007.
Grand Prix of Khanty-Mansijsk.
Originally, another event in Khanty-Mansijsk in September 2007 was affiliated to WSMC and featured its athletes. However, the promoter of the event, Vlad Redkin, changed the name from WSMC to the Grand Prix of Khanty-Mansijsk (Russia). The reason given was that after the competition Redkin was parting company with WSMC due to his concerns over WSMC wanting closer ties with the International Federation of Strength Athletes. He also cited that he had lost money with WSMC. He initially planned to cooperate closely with the World Strongman Super Series in 2008, but in fact set up a new federation called the World Strongman Federation.
Date: 8 September 2007
Charity.
The charity aims to reduce and tackle obesity in children by helping more children to take part in sporting activities. It is the charity's belief that "As these children become more interested in and able to enjoy sports of their choosing, their physical and emotional conditions show significant improvement. This provides a strong foundation for improved self-confidence and happiness for all participants." The federation believes that their athletes can act as positive examples.

</doc>
<doc id="20554763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554763" title="Magic Doors">
Magic Doors

Magic Doors is the third single from Portishead's third studio album "Third". The music video is an artistic film by longtime collaborator John Minton.
Track listings.
Digital Download.
"The videos "Silence", "Threads" and "Mysterons" were recorded during Portishead's performance at the 2008 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival."

</doc>
<doc id="20554768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554768" title="Plumpton Place">
Plumpton Place

Plumpton Place is a Grade II listed Elizabethan manor house in Plumpton, East Sussex, England. The house is on the English Heritage register.
Plumpton Place looks onto the nearby north-facing escarpment of the South Downs, with Plumpton College (formerly Plumpton Agricultural College) and the 11th-century church of St. Michael's and All Angels immediately adjacent to the west and Plumpton village some 500m to the east. There is an entrance formed of two cottages designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens, with a Palladian porch and this leads to his modern bridge over the moat. 
Various building materials have been used in the construction of the house. It is believed that the north wing is the earliest, as there is a date-stone of 1568 with the initials I.M. The west wing seems to date from a later period, circa 1600. Over a hundred years later there was a period of rebuilding in brick and some additions by Lutyens. There are lakeside gardens by Lutyens and Jekyll, within large grounds, that include both woodland and pasture. 
It was formerly the home of George Miles Watson, 2nd Baron Manton (1899–1968), who maintained a race-horse stud at the property. Until 1985, it belonged to Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page. The current owner, American venture capitalist Tom Perkins, is trying to sell it.

</doc>
<doc id="20554779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554779" title="Davin Meggett">
Davin Meggett

Davin Meggett (born March 22, 1990) is an American Football running back who is currently a free agent. He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Houston Texans in 2012. He played college football for the University of Maryland.
He was also a member of the Indianapolis Colts, Dallas Cowboys, and Washington Redskins.
Early life.
Meggett was born in Clinton, Maryland on March 22, 1990 to Super Bowl champion and two-time Pro Bowl selection Dave Meggett and mother Victoria Davis. He grew up in Upper Marlboro, Maryland with his mother and stepfather John Davis. At the age of 9, Meggett switched from his preferred sport of soccer to football because his childhood friend played the game. Meggett, however, was doubtful that he was of large enough stature to play intercollegiate football for a major college program.
At Surrattsville High School, Meggett was a three-year starting running back. As a junior in 2006, he ran for 1,150 yards on 156 attempts, rushed for ten touchdowns, and garnered second-team all-county and honorable mention all-state honors. Meggett experienced a breakout year as a senior in 2007, during which he led the Surratsville Hornets to its first playoff berth since the establishment of the team in 1960. He finished the regular season as the second-leading rusher in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. On the season, Meggett rushed 169 times for 1,784 yards and scored 26 rushing touchdowns and six receiving touchdowns. Rivals.com named him the 16th-ranked player in the state of Maryland. He was honored as a first-team All-Prince George's County, All-Met, and all-league player. Surrattsville High finished with a 10–2 record and a state playoffs berth. Meggett also ran track in high school and earned a letter all four years. He was honored as all-county and the team's field athlete of the year as a junior.
Meggett was recruited by Notre Dame, Virginia, and Rutgers, but Maryland was the only Division I FBS school to offer him a scholarship. He also received scholarship offers from Division I FCS programs , Old Dominion, and James Madison. Meggett, who grew up a Maryland fan, accepted the school's offer and later said, "This is a dream. Is this really happening? ... I'm going to go ahead, commit and live out a fantasy."
College career.
At the University of Maryland, Meggett studies government and politics. As a true freshman in 2008, he saw action in each game of the season. Short-statured and muscular, his smash mouth rushing style is characterized by achieving yards after contact. In 2008, Meggett recorded 422 rushing yards on 79 attempts with a long of 38 against California, and four touchdowns. After starting tailback Da'Rel Scott suffered a lingering shoulder injury against California game, Meggett gained increased playing time. Offensive coordinator, James Franklin, called the run-intensive, rain-soaked North Carolina match "a Meggett type of game ... Downhill, not a whole lot of dancing." In that game, Meggett made a one-yard rushing touchdown and the 31-yard reception which helped put the Terps within range for the game-winning field goal. Maryland coach Ralph Friedgen said, "He's a freshman, but he doesn't play like a freshman." Against NC State, Meggett had eight carries for 34 yards and a one-yard touchdown run. He replaced Scott after an injury late in the game, and then caught a screen pass for 31 yards to set up the game-winning field goal by kicker Obi Egekeze. Maryland secured bowl eligibility with the 27 24 victory. In the 2008 Humanitarian Bowl against Nevada, he caught a pass for a two-point conversion, and rushed ten times for 35 yards. Alongside leading rusher Scott, Meggett helped Maryland to come the closest it ever has to having both a 1,000- and 500-yard rusher in the same season. Meggett fell just 43 yards shy of the 500-yard mark. He led all Atlantic Coast Conference freshman with 5.13 yards per carry.
In 2009, Meggett entered preseason camp behind Scott and Morgan Green, but his camp performance was impressive enough to garner a share of the number-one position alongside Scott. He saw action in all 12 games including four starts, and recorded 338 yards on 99 carries and six touchdowns.
Meggett and Scott again split time as the number-one back during the 2010 season. Head coach Friedgen said, "At this point in time, I would say Scott and Meggett are 1A and 1B." He saw action in all 13 games and recorded 720 yards on 126 carries and four touchdowns. In the season opener against Navy, Meggett rushed eight times for a career-high 105 yards, including a career-long 67-yard run, and one touchdown. Meggett extended his career-long against Florida International with a 76-yard touchdown run to ensure a Maryland victory. Against Duke, Meggett had 18 carries for 57 yards, including a three-yard touchdown run. Against Wake Forest, Meggett rushed for 94 yards and a touchdown.
Prior to the 2011 season, Meggett was named to the Doak Walker Award watch list. He assumed the starting position after the graduation of Da'Rel Scott and was named a team captain. In the opener against Miami, he had 21 carries for 92 yards.
Professional career.
Houston Texans.
Meggett was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent to an undisclosed three-year contract on April 29, 2012. He was released on August 26, 2012.
On September 27, the Texans signed Meggett to the practice squad. He was released on November 27.
Indianapolis Colts.
On December 11, 2012, Meggett was signed to the practice squad of the Indianapolis Colts.
On August 25, 2013, he was waived by the Colts.
Dallas Cowboys.
On October 15, 2013, Meggett was signed to the practice squad of the Dallas Cowboys. He was released on October 29.
Washington Redskins.
The Washington Redskins signed Meggett to their practice squad on November 12. He signed a reserve/future contract with the team on December 31, 2013. He was released on March 4, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20554789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554789" title="Uncial 0283">
Uncial 0283

Uncial 0283 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains some parts of the Gospel of Mark 2:21-3:18; 5:9-13.31-36; 6:9-13.39-40; 9:20-24.44-47; 14:54-62; 15:6-15, on 15 parchment leaves (). The text is written in two columns per page, 22 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery at Sinai in May 1975, during restoration work. 
Currently the codex is housed at the St. Catherine's Monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 47) in Sinai. 

</doc>
<doc id="20554814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554814" title="Mettukudi">
Mettukudi

Mettukudi is an Indian 1996 Tamil language Drama film directed by Sundar C. starring Karthik, Gemini Ganesan, Goundamani, Nagma and Manivannan. The film was screened for 75 days in many centres and was declared a commercial success.
__TOC__
Plot.
The story starts in the 17th century, the king raja raja cholan presents his valuable sword to his soldier for playing a vital role in winning a war. It was preserved by his family descendants. This information was known by an archeologist who plans to steal 
it due to its monetary value. Presently Gemini ganesan is charged with the care of the sword. 
The villain plans to send Karthick to do this job. He enters into the palace as the son (who ran of from the family in his childhood)of manivannan, who is the son in law of gemini ganesan. Every thing went smooth initially. However, nagma grand daughter of gemini, fell in love with him. The situation called for karthick to marry her. Later Nagma came to know the truth and challenges him about stealing the sword. 
In the mean time Gemini ganesan not knowing karthick for what he came there for, gave the sword to him and pressed him to look after it. This made karthick realize his mistake and promises him to protect it. The climax occurs when he manages to protect the sword from the villain, and the family accepted Karthick after learning of the truth.It was a good entertainer and superhit in the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20554816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554816" title="Heitmeyer">
Heitmeyer

Heitmeyer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20554826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554826" title="Medical education in Iraq">
Medical education in Iraq

Medical education in Iraq is based on the 6-year British curriculum and is carried out in English. Medical education is free, and all required textbooks are provided free to students. Postgraduate residency training is required for both Iraqi and Arab board certification in each specialty. Before the Gulf War, the government funded subspecialty training abroad.
Academic physicians in Iraq, most of whom are specialists, are expected to publish their research in peer reviewed journals to be eligible for promotion to the highest levels. After United Nations sanctions were imposed in 1990, the delivery of European and American medical journals to Iraq abruptly stopped.
Facilities.
There are 20 colleges of medicine in Iraq, seven colleges of nursing, 10 colleges of dentistry and 8 colleges of pharmacy in addition to 6 technical colleges and 20 colleges of sciences which take the responsibility for supporting health care services and delivery.
Iraqi doctors.
US officials report that an estimated 8,000 Iraqi doctors stopped practicing medicine from 2003 to 2008 because doctors became targets for murder and kidnapping. US health officials say Iraq probably needs about 100,000 doctors to meet the needs of its population, but has only 15,000 now.
In 1994, hoping to prevent doctors from emigrating, the Iraqi government encouraged private medical practices. Four years later it allowed hospitals to charge some fees. The government also encouraged organizations including the Red Cross and the Red Crescent to build PHCs and help support hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20554829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554829" title="Parc botanique de Suscinio">
Parc botanique de Suscinio

The Parc botanique de Suscinio (28,862 m²) is a botanical garden located on the grounds of the Château de Suscinio, Morlaix, Finistère, in Brittany, north-west France. It is open daily; an admission fee is charged.
The château dates to the 11th-15th centuries; note that it is distinct from the better-known Château de Suscinio in Morbihan. Its botanical park was created in 2004 as an ambitious development project supported by Morlaix, but then closed for several years before reopening in 2008. Today the park contains parterres, gardens, and variety of trees, some of which are more than two centuries old and designated "arbres remarquables de France" (remarkable trees of France).

</doc>
<doc id="20554835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554835" title="Atriplex truncata">
Atriplex truncata

Atriplex truncata is a species of saltbush known by the common names wedgeleaf saltbush, wedgescale, and wedge orach, native to western North America from British Columbia to California and to New Mexico. It grows in montane to desert habitats with saline soils, such as dry lake beds.
Description.
"Atriplex truncata" is an annual herb producing erect, angled stems which can be higher than 70 centimeters. Leaves are 1 to 4 centimeters long and wedge-shaped. The stems and herbage are generally very scaly and scurfy. Male and female flowers are produced in small clusters in the leaf axils.

</doc>
<doc id="20554849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554849" title="Pavel Lazimir">
Pavel Lazimir

Pavel Evgen'evich Lazimir (25 June 1891 in Novy Peterhof - 17 May 1920 Kremenchuk) was a prominent Left Socialist Revolutionaries who headed a soldier section of the Petrograd Soviet and was chairman of the Petrograd Military Revolutionary Committee during the October Revolution. Prior to being elected to the Petrograd Soviet, he served as a feldsher (physician assistant) at the Petrograd military hospital.
He died of typhus in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20554864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554864" title="Jose Cojuangco">
Jose Cojuangco

Jose Chichioco Cojuangco (July 3, 1896 - August 21, 1976), was a former Representative of the 1st district of Tarlac in the Philippines. He served from 1934 to 1946. Cojuangco is one of the patriarchs of the Cojuangco clan. He was the father of former Philippines President Corazon Aquino and the grandfather of current Philippines President Benigno Aquino III. His other grandchildren include actresses Kris Aquino and Mikee Cojuangco.
Family.
Parents.
His grandfather, surnamed Xu, Heu Ggiok-huan or Koo Ggiak-kuan [; Quanzhou Hokkien: Hěu Ggiókhuán (literary) or Koǒ Ggiákkuán (colloquial) (in BP)], born in Tong'an, Quanzhou, Qing Empire, who was also known as "José Cojuangco". His ancestral village was Hongjian village, in Jiaomei Township, Zhangzhou in Fujian province.
He was commonly called Brother Kuan (Kuán Goō) or Brother Koo Kuan (Koǒ Kuán Goō) among Hoklo Filipino and his Spanish last name "Cojuangco" was the Spanish pronunciation of "Koǒ Kuán Goō". His Spanish first name "José" was given in 1865, when he moved to Bulacan.
His father was Melecio Cojuangco y Estrella, whose father was "El Chino" José, a Chinese immigrant. A skilled carpenter, Melecio helped build churches in Binondo, Bulacan and in Gapan, Nueva Ecija. Melecio's mother was Antera Estrella of Gapan, Nueva Ecija, a daughter of Felipe Estrella, a Spaniard and Martina Calub Cruz, a local woman. (With the Estrella connection, the Cojuangcos gained their initial foothold in Nueva Ecija, which explains why Barangay Cojuangco exists in nearby Santa Rosa, Nueva Ecija and which partly explains how the Cojuangcos eventually owned Hacienda Bakal in Talavera, Nueva Ecija).
Melecio's wife was a Chinese mestiza, Doña Tecla Chichioco y Jumaquio of Malolos and Hagonoy, Bulacan. She was a scion from the Spanish Valenzuela clan of Malolos, Chinese Chichioco clan of Malolos, and the Japanese descendant hacienderos, the Jumaquio clan of Kapitangan, Paombong, Bulacan, Philippines. Doña Tecla was the great grandniece of Don Tiburcio Jumaquio and Doña Urzula Gutierrez, hacienderos and merchants of Kapitangan, Paombong, Bulacan. One of her blood relatives was Don Catalino Gutierrez Jumaquio, the cabeza baranggay of Calizon, Paombong, Bulacan in late 1800's and one of the sons of Don Tiburcio and Doña Urzula.
Melecio's siblings include elder sister Ysidra, who massively enlarged the already considerable Cojuangco fortune by buying land and dabbling in sugar mills and real estate; and younger sister Trinidad, who died a spinster.
Siblings.
Cojuangco was the oldest of 4 siblings:
Among the four male heirs of the Cojuangcos, Don Pepe, as he is remembered, was the only one born in Malolos, Bulacan, where his father built the secret stairway in Barasoain Church used by the Spanish friars to smuggle women into their private quarters. The old Cojuangco-Chichioco mansion still stands a few meters from the Barasoain Church on land inherited by Tecla from her Chichioco-Jumaquio merchant father. It is maintained for the Cojuangcos by their Chichioco-Jumaquio relatives. The physical address used to be known as #540 Paseo del Congreso but the locals called it Calle de las Mestizas (street of the Mixed Filipinas) on account of the numerous women who lived there, daughters of the friars nearby. After World War II, the name was changed to Santo Niño Street, Mestizohin District.
Wife and children.
Cojuangco was married to Demetria "Metring" Sumulong, daughter of Senator Juan Marquez Sumulong of Rizal province and sister to Lorenzo Sumulong, also a Philippine senator. Their law offices were located within Manila's Plaza Cervantes where Metring used to serve as legal assistant. Demetria was also related to Senator Ceferino de Leon of San Miguel de Mayumo, Bulacan (Senator De Leon's daughter was Philippine Carnival Queen Trinidad Roura de Leon, wife of President Manuel Roxas y Acuña, whose grandson Mar Roxas would be Demetria's grandson Noynoy Aquino's vice president running mate.) Family lore has it that Don Pepe's Chinese grandfather insisted his eldest grandson to marry Metring since she had a mole under her nose, which would bring Pepe wealth beyond compare during his lifetime. The most obedient of the four boys, Don Pepe did not object to the marriage.
The couple had eight children:
Cojuangco was the founder of Mantrade Philippines, the Bank of Commerce, First United Bank, and the Pantranco bus company.
World War II.
In the 1940s, with less than a day's notice, he left the Cojuangco mansion (built in 1933 the year Cory Aquino was born) along Agno Street (near De La Salle University), Malate, Manila for the safety of Antipolo, Rizal (political bailiwick of his wife's relatives). Meanwhile, his aunt Ysidra and brother Eduardo fled to Baguio city where they thought the Japanese would not go and where there were large Cojuangco apartments. (Eduardo Sr's mother-in-law Gregoria Beley Murphy was in Baguio as well.) His relative Antonio stayed behind due to his son's fever.
While Ysidra Cojuangco y Estrella and her nephews and their families sought shelter at the Baguio cathedral during the bombardments, the Antonio Cojuangcos were trapped in the De La Salle University chapel where they were massacred by the desperate Japanese. Only two survived, including Ramon or "Monching" (whose second wife would later be Imelda Ongsiako Cojuangco. His young first wife Natividad "Nene" de las Alas, sister of Pacita "Ching" (the wife of Sergio Montinola), Lourdes "Lily" (wife of Senator Ambrosio Padilla and arch-enemy of another beautiful senator's wife, Imelda Marcos) and Carmencita "Menchu" (wife of Raul Concepcion of RFM Corporation ) was also hacked to death) and Lourdes or "Lulu" who was saved when the bayonet hit the baby (Monching's firstborn) she was carrying instead. She would be the wife of Luis Tirso Rivilla of the Ormoc Sugar Central later on...
As the eldest male Cojuangco, Pepe felt partly to blame for the near decimation of the Antonio Cojuangco branch. From that day on, Cojuangco and his relatives never lived in Malate ever again. He sent Monching, Lulu and his own children to the United States for their studies. (Ravenhill Academy, College of Mount Saint Vincent, et al.). He cared for Antonio's children as if they were his own.
1950s.
As his businesses outside of Tarlac flourished, he invited the rest of his family to join him. His brother, Itoy, and Antonio's son, Monching, benefited from this arrangement. Danding Cojuangco, his nephew by ex-Governor Eduardo "Endeng" Cojuangco Sr, declined.
In 1953, Cojuangco's youngest brother, Endeng (Danding Cojuangco's father) was sick and needed treatment in the United States. At that time, dollars was strictly regulated. Don Pepe's wife and holder of the entire clan's purse, Doña Metring (Cory Aquino's mother) was unable to obtain the necessary funds to facilitate the young Endeng Cojuangco's medical expenses. Danding's father later died of kidney failure. Also in 1953, President Ramon Magsaysay offered to sell Hacienda Luisita to Don Pepe, as the Hukbalahap rebels caused much fear and the Spanish owners, the Tabacalera, wanted to sell. (President Magsaysay was avoiding the wealthier hacenderos from Negros island and Iloilo, specifically the brothers Fernando Lopez and Eugenio Lopez, from owning too much as they already purchased the PASUMIL consortium in Del Carmen, Pampanga.) Negotiations started but President Magsaysay died when his airplane crashed on Mount Manunggal in Cebu. The deal was closed five years later in President Carlos Garcia y Polistico's term who was a close ally of then Senator Ferdinand Marcos y Edralin.
In early 1958 Cojuangco purchased the Hacienda Luisita, the second biggest contiguous piece of property in Luzon island. This time, he was able to secure American dollars required by the Tabacalera. Unlike before, he called on his friend, Philippine Central Bank governor Miguel Cuaderno to help him. The hacienda is separate from the lands his aunt Doña Ysidra Cojuangco y Estrella assembled in the past decades. He and his son-in-law, Ninoy (Benigno Aquino Jr), introduced strong social programs favoring the farmers of the hacienda.
While Don Pepe was genuinely loved by the farmers under his management (free healthcare, free schooling, adult education, veterinary medicines for the farm animals), designated areas for employee housing), the stark treatment concerning the dollars relating to Endeng's survival and his subsequent death versus the grand business move Cojuangco made in purchasing Hacienda Luisita added insult to injury to Doña Nene and her now fatherless six children (Eduardo, Mercedes, Aurora, Isabel, Enrique and Manuel). Besides the opposing views in politics and the abandonment of the Antonio Cojuangcos in Manila during the war, the situation concerning his younger brother's death would eventually cause for a collision course between Cojuangco's and Endeng Lalake's heirs.
1960s.
In the 1960s, Cojuangco's bus company and banking arm expanded to open satellite offices all over the country. The Bank of Commerce was the preferred intermediary/ local bank of American companies in Manila. He then divested from Bank of Commerce less than a month before the stockholder's meeting to avoid the embarrassing situation of being unseated by his brother Itoy, his nephew Danding and his other nephew Monching, who wanted greater influence in the bank. Afterwards, he opened First United Bank. With perseverance First United became a major bank under his helm.
Due to the geographical proximity of his Hacienda Luisita and the Paniqui Sugar Mills which he managed on behalf of the entire family, there were times when more than 90% of all raw sugar milled in central Luzon were processed through Cojuangco-owned companies. The Cojuangco family owned so much land in Central Luzon that they could dictate the price of rice and non-Visayan sugar.
1970s.
When the 1970s set in, Don Pepe had already resigned from his Bank of Commerce position and sold all his shares to avoid a boardroom coup by the other branches of the Cojuangco family. This was particularly sentimental for Don Pepe, as he was the one who founded Bank of Commerce and nurtured it from bankruptcy. It was also the one company where he insisted that all four families of the Cojuangco co-own, not knowing that the same generosity will swallow him in his twilight years.
Meanwhile, his bus company was coerced to file for bankruptcy after the Marcos-led administration refused to allow rate hikes even when market forces deemed an increase in bus fares. The same happened to Mantrade. Unable to expand his businesses due to political pressures, in 1975, he sold his First United Bank. The buyer was the Marcos-led Philippine Government who incorporated it in what is now known as the United Coconut Planters Bank.
Political life.
Cojuangco was representative of the First District of Tarlac to the 10th Philippine Legislature in 1934-35, the First Philippine National Assembly in 1935-1938, the Second National Assembly in 1938-1941 and the Third National Assembly in 1941-1946.
He represented Tarlac in the same way that his father Don Melecio Cojuangco did as the first ever representative of Tarlac in the First Philippine Legislature of 1907-1909. (Don Melecio's political career was cut short when he suffered a fatal heart attack in the Urdaneta-Manila train while defending his sons Jose (Pepe) and Juan (Itoy) from American soldiers wanting to sidestep the youngsters from their seats. Mauricio Ilagan served the remaining 4 years (till 1912) of his term).
While in Congress, Don Pepe was one of two representing the province of Tarlac. The other one was Benigno S. Aquino, Sr., whose son from his second marriage, Ninoy Aquino became the husband to Don Pepe's daughter, Cory Aquino. In essence, the current Philippine President Noynoy Aquino's paternal and maternal grandfathers sat side by side for Tarlac from 1935–1938 and again from 1941-1946.
Don Pepe Cojuangco retired from politics after World War II and thus avoided a clash with his younger brother, Eduardo Sr. or Endeng Lalake, the charismatic governor of Tarlac province. When he quit politics, his personal wealth was preserved unlike his good friend and future in-law Benigno Aquino, Sr's, whose lands and cash holdings decreased dramatically by using it for social welfare programs in their home province.
Death.
He died on August 21, 1976.
He died during the darkest days of the Jose Cojuangcos. All of his businesses were under extreme scrutiny by the Marcoses.
Many banks refused to extend credit for fear of government retaliation. Only Chinabank of Binondo, whose owners Don Pepe assisted when they themselves were just starting out, defied the government and helped him. (His granddaughter Victoria Eliza Cojuangco Aquino or Viel, would later marry into this banking family now headed by former Ambassador to the Vatican Howard Dee).
His sons Pete and Peping lost the bid to own the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company after it was awarded to Monching Cojuangco, Antonio Meer, and his Ongsiako brother-in-law. (Imelda de la Paz Ongsiako Cojuangco, Monching's wife, was a Blue Lady of Imelda Marcos, and wedding sponsor to presidential daughter Irene Marcos Araneta).
His First United Bank was renamed and was spun off by President Marcos as a front to illegally collect coconut levy funds, hence the reason why United Coconut Planters Bank is sometimes referred to as Cocobank.
The transportation companies he owned with the Lopa family were also lost to Marcos cronies. Benjamin "Kokoy" Romualdez, brother of Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos, took over the First Manila Management Corp., the mother company of Mantrade (which handled the distribution of Ford Motors and other motor vehicles) and the Pantranco bus company (painted with vibrant hearts of every color, the fleet earned the moniker "Lovebus"), shorty after the death of Cojuangco's business partner, Manuel Lopa, Sr., in 1974. (With his death, the conglomerate lost their immunity from the Marcoses, since Lopa shared a close friendship with Imelda's late uncle, Daniel Romualdez y Zialcita, Speaker Pro Tempore of the Philippine Congress, who died suddenly via a heart attack, a few months before his niece Imelda Marcos rose as Philippine First Lady, in 1965.) Lopa's son (and Cojuangco's son-in-law), Ricardo "Baby" Lopa, was then ousted from the company.
Cojuangco no longer controlled the Bank of Commerce, which was closest to his heart, as it was the first non-agricultural company he founded. Also, it was the last company that, out of family solidarity, he formed insisting that all four branches of the Cojuangco should co-own. His departure from Bank of Commerce left Don Pepe's psyche bruised and his spirit betrayed.
His lawyer, Juan Ponce Enrile, a son of his old friend and attorney, the Spanish mestizo Alfonso Ponce Enrile (father of Armida Siguion Reyna and Irma Potenciano), has since not been able to help him speak to President Marcos even when the latter was the designated Defense Minister.
Neither can his nephew, Danding Cojuangco, a Marcos associate, could do anything to help Cojuangco. He himself comforted his old uncle, saying "Tio Pepe, huwag na po kayong umiyak" (Uncle Pepe, please do not cry).
One of his lasting words to his family was "Kawawa naman si Cory" (Oh how pitiful Cory is!), as he died broken hearted to see this daughter of his harassed and harangued by the Marcos government for being the woman Ninoy Aquino chose as his wife.
In 1979, his last surviving brother, Juan Cojuangco, died. Some of his wealth devolved back to his six nephews and eight nieces. The rest was left to his second wife, Doña Hati, who formed the Cojuangco Aldaba Foundation.
Ten years after Don Pepe's death, in 1986, Cory Aquino would be swept into the presidency of the Philippines, while President Ferdinand Marcos, Benjamin Romualdez, Danding Cojuangco, and their extended families, fled to Hawaii and mainland United States.
Present.
At present, Don Pepe Cojuangco's male line is preserved through his elder son, Pedro Cojuangco who has five sons. His younger son and namesake Jose Jr. (Peping), has 5 daughters.
His grandson through his daughter Corazon, is Senator Benigno Aquino III who sat in the Upper House together with Senator Juan Ponce Enrile, the former Cojuangco family lawyer. With the help of sisters Kris Aquino, Maria Elena Cruz, Aurora Corazon Abellada, Victoria Eliza Dee, plus Antonio Ongsiako Cojuangco, other relatives, Mar Roxas and his family headed by mother Judy Araneta Roxas, and most importantly, numerous volunteers, Noynoy Aquino campaigned and won the Philippine presidency that his mother Cory Aquino once occupied. (One of his opponents was Gilbert Teodoro, Danding Cojuangco's nephew through sister Mercedes).
Hacienda Luisita's ownership is currently being questioned in the media due to proviso verbiage in the sale indicating a land redistribution.
Meanwhile, the Antonio Cojuangco branch lost the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company through a sale brokered by President Joseph Ejercito Estrada.
The two junior branches of the family, the Eduardo Cojuangcos and the Antonio Cojuangcos, still control the United Coconut Planters Bank(formerly First United Bank) and the Bank of Commerce, respectively. However, recently, San Miguel Corporation (chaired by Danding Cojuangco of the Eduardo Cojuangco branch) acquired the controlling interest in Bank of Commerce from the Antonio Cojuangco branch.

</doc>
<doc id="20554866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554866" title="Hyperbody">
Hyperbody

Hyperbody is a term that can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="20554873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554873" title="Danny McIntosh">
Danny McIntosh

Danny McIntosh (born 1 March 1980) is a British light heavyweight boxer based in Norfolk. He is a former holder of both the English and European light heavyweight titles and a former challenger for the British and Commonwealth titles.
Professional career.
McIntosh's first professional fight took place in April 2005 at the Sports Village in Norwich and resulted in a six round points victory over Omid Bourzo. He fought twice more in 2005 winning on both occasions leaving him with a record of 3-0 at the end of his first year. McIntosh then had a full year away from the ring before returning in October 2006 with a win over the then unbeaten Matty Hough (5-0) in Walsall. Only two fights followed in 2007 with victories over experienced journeyman Rob Burton and a career best performance ending the unbeaten record of Joey Vegas (then 10-0). One more victory in February 2008 enhanced his record to 7-0 and set him up for a shot at the English light heavyweight title.
English Champion.
Danny's first professional title win came on the undercard of Jonathon Thaxton's European title victory over Juan Diaz Melero at the Norwich Showground on 4 October 2008. The experienced Steve Spartacus represented a step up for McIntosh but he won in the 7th round to claim the title. McIntosh has since made two defences of the belt beating Nottingham's Rod Anderton on 6 December 2008 and Southampton's Matthew Barney 0n 28 March 2009. 
On 18 July 2009 McIntosh challenged Commonwealth champion Nathan Cleverly for the vacant British title in what was only his 11th fight as a professional. He was defeated for the first time when, having been knocked down on four occasions, the fight was stopped in the 7th round. Following the fight McIntosh said he would learn from the "nightmare", saying that Cleverly had taught him a boxing lesson. His next fight on 19 February 2010 saw him put that night behind him with a third successful defence of his English title. The fight, on the undercard of a Ricky Hatton promoted bill, saw him retain the title with a 2nd round stoppage over former British champion Tony Oakey. McIntosh stepped up to cruiserweight in his next fight at the Castle Leisure Center in Bury on 6 November 2010 beating journeyman Hastings Rasani in the 3rd round of what was a non-title contest.
European Title challenge.
On 22 January 2011 McIntosh traveled to France to challenge Thierry Karl for the vacant European title. Despite being behind on points, McIntosh was able to take control of the fight in the 11th round prompting the referee to stop the fight and hand the title to McIntosh. The first defence of the title was, however, to end in defeat when on 7 May 2011 McIntosh traveling to Germany to defend against local boxer Eduard Gutknecht, losing in the 8th round.

</doc>
<doc id="20554896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554896" title="2008 Falken Tasmania Challenge">
2008 Falken Tasmania Challenge

The 2008 Falken Tasmania Challenge was the thirteenth and penultimate round of the 2008 V8 Supercar season. It was held on the weekend of the 21–23 November at the Symmons Plains Raceway in Tasmania. 
Qualifying.
Qualifying was held on Saturday 22 November 2008.
Race 1.
Race 1 was held on Saturday 22 November 2008.
Race 2.
Race 2 was held on Sunday 23 November 2008.
Race 3.
Race 3 was held on Sunday 23 November 2008.
Standings.
After round 13 of 14.
Support categories.
The 2008 Falken Tasmania Challenge had four support categories.

</doc>
<doc id="20554902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554902" title="England's Looking Glass">
England's Looking Glass

There are a number of works with England's Looking Glass in the title. During the 
16th and 17th centuries "looking glass", meaning mirror, was frequently used in the titles of books.

</doc>
<doc id="20554937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554937" title="Tunjiška Mlaka">
Tunjiška Mlaka

Tunjiška Mlaka is a dispersed settlement next to Tunjice in the hills west of the town of Kamnik in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20554942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554942" title="Victor Cardoza">
Victor Cardoza

Victor George Cardoza (May 25, 1916 – December 15, 1987) was a journalist and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Digby in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1953 to 1956 and from 1960 to 1963 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Waterdown, Ontario, the son of George C. Cardoza and Florence E. Govier, and was educated at the Digby Academy and at Cornell University. In 1945, he married Elizabeth E. Crowe. Cardoza served as a member of the school board, was a member of Digby town council from 1939 to 1954 and was mayor from 1959 to 1961. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1956 and 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20554943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554943" title="Langkat Regency">
Langkat Regency

Langkat Regency is the northernmost regency on the east coast of North Sumatra. Its seat is Stabat. Its area is 6,272 km² and its population was 967,535 at the 2010 national Census.
Immediately south is Karo Regency, to the southeast is Deli Serdang Regency (which surrounds the cities of Medan and Binjai), and to the northwest lies Aceh Province.
Administrative divisions.
The regency is divided administratively into 23 districts ("kecamatan"):

</doc>
<doc id="20554953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554953" title="Stabat">
Stabat

Stabat is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Langkat Regency.
Stabat town lies on the road between Medan and Banda Aceh, a short distance past the city of Binjai.
Stabat subdistrict is one of the subdistricts of Langkat Regency. Its capital is Stabat town. It borders Wampu subdistrict to the west, Secanggang subdistrict to the north, Binjai to the south, and Hamparan Perak subdistrict of Deli Serdang Regency to the east.
Most people in Stabat subdistrict are Javanese, however in Pantai Gemi village the majority are Malay.
Stabat has been since the colonial period a centre of government.

</doc>
<doc id="20554966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554966" title="Mandailing Natal Regency">
Mandailing Natal Regency

Mandailing Natal, also known as Madina, is a regency in North Sumatra Province of Indonesia. It covers an area of 6,620.7 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census has a population of 403,894 people. The capital lies at Panyabungan.

</doc>
<doc id="20554968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554968" title="Haven Hotel">
Haven Hotel

The Haven Hotel is an AA four star hotel in Sandbanks, near Poole, Dorset on the south coast of England. 
History.
The first hotel built on this location was the North Haven Inn in 1838. The Inn was demolished and replaced with the present Haven Hotel in 1887. Guglielmo Marconi established a wireless transmitter at The Haven Hotel in 1899, and carried out some of his first wireless telegraphy experiments from the hotel. Photographs and information on these experiments are still on display in the Marconi Lounge, within the hotel. Other notable guests include Robert Browning and John Major. The Haven Hotel housed Belgian refugees during the First World War and was a military contact point during the Second World War, and was at one stage a Naval detachment. In 1976, The Haven Hotel was purchased by the hotel chain FJB Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20554972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554972" title="Panyabungan">
Panyabungan

Panyabungan is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Mandailing Natal Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20554986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554986" title="Vaseno">
Vaseno

Vaseno () is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20554995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20554995" title="Keratolysis exfoliativa">
Keratolysis exfoliativa

Keratolysis exfoliativa, (also known as "Lamellar dyshidrosis,", "Recurrent focal palmar peeling," "Recurrent palmar peeling") is a sometimes harmless, sometimes painful skin condition that can affect the focal surface of the fingers and/or the palm or soles of the feet. It is often misdiagnosed as chronic contact dermatitis or psoriasis. It is characterized by dry skin and superficial, air-filled blisters. These blisters can be peeled off very easily and will leave reddish, tender areas. The loss of this horny layer of the skin, which protects the underlying layers, leaves the skin more vulnerable to dryness and cracking of the skin.
Causes.
Keratolysis exfoliativa normally appears during warm weather. Due to excessive sweating and friction, in for example athletic shoes, the skin can start to exfoliate. Other factors that can cause exfoliation are detergents and solvents.
Another very common cause has been reported from salt water fishermen, who often suffer from these symptoms. It is not sure whether it is from the salt water or whether it is from some bacteria from fish.
Treatment.
Normally, exfoliation is restricted to a particular area and normal skin will replace the exfoliated parts, so no treatment is needed. Since keratolysis exfoliativa is caused by friction, detergents, and solvents, these factors should be avoided. Creams, especially those with silicone and lactic acid are also helpful. In severe cases, photochemotherapy is an option.
Prognosis.
In most cases exfoliation resolves spontaneously and no lasting damage is seen. On the other hand, some patients experience cracking and even bleeding in extreme cases.

</doc>
<doc id="20555001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555001" title="Nias Regency">
Nias Regency

Nias Regency is a regency in North Sumatra province, Indonesia; it lies on the east side of Nias Island. The regency formerly covered the entire island, and had an area of 3,495.39 square kilometres following the creation of the new regency of Nias Selatan but prior to the creation of the new regencies of Nias Utara and Nias Barat and the independent municipality of Gunungsitoli from parts of Nias Regency. According to the 2010 census the reduced Regency had a population of 132,329. Its seat is Gunungsitoli, although the city is no longer administratively part of the Nias Regency.
Administration.
The regency was previously divided administratively into 32 districts ("kecamatan"). However, following the creation of the new North Nias Regency, West Nias Regency and the newly independent city of Gunungsitoli, the residual Nias Regency is composed of only nine districts, tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:

</doc>
<doc id="20555012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555012" title="Giovanni Fontana">
Giovanni Fontana

Giovanni Fontana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20555026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555026" title="William Henry Low">
William Henry Low

William Henry Low (1795 – March 22, 1834) was an American entrepreneur, businessman and trader from Salem, Massachusetts, who was one of the American pioneers of the Old China Trade. In 1828, having settled in Canton, China, Low was admitted as a partner of the Russell & Co. trading company, as a replacement chosen by founding partner Philip Ammidon. Senior partner of the firm, he retired in 1833 after having recruited his nephew, Abiel Abbot Low, and died in the Cape of Good Hope the following year; while returning home in the company of his wife and niece, the diarist Harriet Low

</doc>
<doc id="20555033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555033" title="West Nias Regency">
West Nias Regency

West Nias Regency (Bahasa Indonesia: "Kabupaten Nias Barat") is a regency in North Sumatra province of Indonesia. The capital is Lahomi. It covers the western portion of Nias Island. This regency was founded in 2008 by UU No.46 Tahun 2008. Formerly, it was part of Nias Regency.
Borders.
West Nias Regency is bordered by:
Administration.
The regency is divided into eight districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population. The districts are sub-divided into 105 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20555047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555047" title="Velika Lašna">
Velika Lašna

Velika Lašna (in older sources also "Velika Lašina", ) is a small village in the hills south of the Tuhinj Valley in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20555052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555052" title="South Nias Regency">
South Nias Regency

Nias Selatan (South Nias) Regency is a regency in North Sumatra province, Indonesia. In 2010, the regency covered an area of 1,625.91 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census had a population of 289,876. Its seat is Teluk Dalam. Apart from the southern portion of Nias Island, the regency also includes the smaller Batu Islands (Pulau-pulau Batu) to the south, lying between Nias and Siberut.
Administration.
The regency is divided into 18 districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:
Tourism.
Sorake Beach is second best in the world after Hawaii Beach for surfing. It has 5 level of waves which only occurs here.

</doc>
<doc id="20555059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555059" title="Ottoman–Venetian War (1570–73)">
Ottoman–Venetian War (1570–73)

The Fourth Ottoman–Venetian War, also known as the War of Cyprus () was fought between 1570–1573. It was waged between the Ottoman Empire and the Republic of Venice, the latter joined by the Holy League, a coalition of Christian states formed under the auspices of the Pope, which included Spain (with Naples and Sicily), the Republic of Genoa, the Duchy of Savoy, the Knights Hospitaller, the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, and other Italian states.
The war, the preeminent episode of Sultan Selim II's reign, began with the Ottoman invasion of the Venetian-held island of Cyprus. The capital Nicosia and several other towns fell quickly to the considerably superior Ottoman army, leaving only Famagusta in Venetian hands. Christian reinforcements were delayed, and Famagusta eventually fell in August 1571 after a siege of 11 months. Two months later, at the Battle of Lepanto, the united Christian fleet destroyed the Ottoman fleet, but was unable to take advantage of this victory. The Ottomans quickly rebuilt their naval forces, and Venice was forced to negotiate a separate peace, ceding Cyprus to the Ottomans and paying a tribute of 300,000 ducats.
Background.
The large and wealthy island of Cyprus had been under Venetian rule since 1489. Together with Crete, it was one of the major overseas possessions of the Republic. Its population in the mid-16th century is estimated at 160,000. Aside from its location, which allowed the control of the Levantine trade, the island possessed a profitable production of cotton and sugar. To safeguard their most distant colony, the Venetians paid an annual tribute of 8,000 ducats to the Mamluk Sultans of Egypt, and after their fall to the Ottomans in 1517, the agreement was renewed with the Ottoman Porte. Nevertheless, the island's strategic location in the Eastern Mediterranean, between the Ottoman heartland of Anatolia and the newly won provinces of the Levant and Egypt, made it a tempting target for future Ottoman expansion. In addition, the protection offered by the local Venetian authorities to Christian corsairs who harassed Muslim shipping, including the pilgrims to Mecca, rankled with the Ottoman leadership.
After concluding a prolonged war with the Habsburgs in 1568, the Ottomans were free to turn their attention to Cyprus. Sultan Selim II had made the conquest of the island his first priority already before his accession in 1566, relegating Ottoman aid to the Morisco Revolt against Spain and attacks against Portuguese activities in the Indian Ocean to a secondary priority. Not surprisingly for a ruler nicknamed "the Sot", popular legend ascribed this determination to his love of Cypriot wines, but the major instigator of the conflict, according to contemporary reports, was Joseph Nasi, a Portuguese Jew who had become the Sultan's close friend, and who had already been named to the post of Duke of Naxos upon Selim's accession. Nasi harboured resentment towards Venice and hoped for his own nomination as King of Cyprus after its conquest—he already had a crown and a royal banner made to that effect.
Despite the peace treaty with Venice, renewed as recently as 1567, and the opposition of a peace party arounbd Grand Vizier Sokollu Mehmed Pasha, the war party at the Ottoman court prevailed. A favourable juridical opinion by the "Sheikh ul-Islam" was secured, which declared that the breach of the treaty was justified since Cyprus was a "former land of Islam" (briefly in the 7th century) and had to be retaken. Money for the campaign was raised by the confiscation and resale of monasteries and churches of the Greek Orthodox Church. The Sultan's old tutor, Lala Mustafa Pasha, was appointed as commander of the expedition's land forces. Müezzinzade Ali Pasha was appointed as "Kapudan Pasha"; being totally inexperienced in naval matters, he assigned the able and experienced Piyale Pasha as his principal aide.
On the Venetian side, Ottoman intentions had been clear, and an attack against Cyprus had been anticipated for some time. A war scare had broken out in 1564–1565, when the Ottomans eventually sailed for Malta, and unease mounted again in late 1567 and early 1568, as the scale of the Ottoman naval buildup became apparent. The Venetian authorities were further alarmed when the Ottoman fleet visited Cyprus in September 1568 with Nasi in tow, ostensibly for a goodwill visit, but in reality in a not very concealed attempt to spy out the island's defences. The defences of Cyprus, Crete, Corfu and other Venetian possessions were upgraded in the 1560s, employing the services of the noted military engineer Sforza Pallavicini. Their garrisons were increased, and attempts were made to make the isolated holdings of Crete and Cyprus more self-sufficient by the construction of foundries and gunpowder mills. However, it was widely recognized that, unaided, Cyprus could not hold for long. Its exposed and isolated location so far from Venice, surrounded by Ottoman territory, put it "in the wolf's mouth" as one contemporary historian wrote. In the event, lack of supplies and even gunpowder would play a critical role in the fall of the Venetian forts to the Ottomans. Venice could also not rely on help from the major Christian power of the Mediterranean, Habsburg Spain, which was embroiled in the suppression of the Dutch Revolt and domestically against the Moriscos. Another problem for Venice was the attitude of the island's population. The harsh treatment and oppressive taxation of the local orthodox Greek population by the Catholic Venetians had caused great resentment, so that their sympathies generally lay with the Ottomans.
By early 1570, the Ottoman preparations and the warnings sent by the Venetian "bailo" at Constantinople, Marco Antonio Barbaro, had convinced the "Signoria" that war was imminent. Reinforcements and money were sent post-haste to Crete and Cyprus. In March 1570, an Ottoman envoy was sent to Venice, bearing an ultimatum that demanded the immediate cession of Cyprus. Although some voices were raised in the Venetian "Signoria" advocating the cession of the island in exchange for land in Dalmatia and further trading privileges, the hope of assistance from the other Christian states stiffened the Republic's resolve, and the ultimatum was categorically rejected.
Ottoman conquest of Cyprus.
On 27 June, the invasion force, some 350–400 ships and 60,000–100,000 men, set sail for Cyprus. It landed unopposed at Salines, near Larnaca on the island's southern shore on 3 July, and marched towards the capital, Nicosia. The Venetians had debated opposing the landing, but in the face of the superior Ottoman artillery, and the fact that a defeat would mean the annihilation of the island's defensive force, it was decided to withdraw to the forts and hold out until reinforcements arrived. The Siege of Nicosia began on 22 July and lasted for seven weeks, until 9 September. The city's newly constructed "trace italienne" walls of packed earth withstood the Ottoman bombardment well. The Ottomans, under Lala Mustafa Pasha, dug trenches towards the walls, and gradually filled the surrounding ditch, while constant volleys of arquebus fire covered the sappers' work. Finally, the 45th assault, on 9 September, succeeded in breaching the walls after the defenders had exhausted their ammunition. A massacre of the city's 20,000 inhabitants ensued. Even the city's pigs, regarded as unclean by Muslims, were killed, and only women and boys who were captured to be sold as slaves were spared. A combined Christian fleet of 200 vessels, composed of Venetian (under Girolamo Zane), Papal (under Marcantonio Colonna) and Neapolitan/Genoese/Spanish (under Giovanni Andrea Doria) squadrons that had belatedly been assembled at Crete by late August and was sailing towards Cyprus, turned back when it received news of Nicosia's fall.
Following the fall of Nicosia, the fortress of Kyrenia in the north surrendered without resistance, and on 15 September, the Turkish cavalry appeared before the last Venetian stronghold, Famagusta. At this point already, overall Venetian losses (including the local population) were estimated by contemporaries at 56,000 killed or taken prisoner. The Venetian defenders of Famagusta numbered about 8,500 men with 90 artillery pieces and were commanded by Marco Antonio Bragadin. They would hold out for 11 months against a force that would come to number 200,000 men, with 145 guns, providing the time needed by the Pope to cobble together an anti-Ottoman league from the reluctant Christian European states. The Ottomans set up their guns on 1 September. Over the following months, they proceeded to dig a huge network of criss-crossing trenches for a depth of three miles around the fortress, which provided shelter for the Ottoman troops. As the siege trenches neared the fortress and came within artillery range of the walls, ten forts of timber and packed earth and bales of cotton were erected. The Ottomans however lacked the naval strength to completely blockade the city from sea as well, and the Venetians were able to resupply it and bring in reinforcements. After news of such a resupply in January reached the Sultan, he recalled Piyale Pasha and left Lala Mustafa alone in charge of the siege. At the same time, an initiative by Sokollu Mehmed Pasha to achieve a separate peace with Venice, foundered. The Grand Vizier offered to concede a trading station at Famagusta if the Republic would cede the island, but the Venetians, encouraged by their recent capture of Durazzo in Albania and the ongoing negotiations for the formation of the Holy League (see below), refused. Thus on 12 May 1571, the intensive bombardment of Famagusta's fortifications began, and on 1 August, with ammunition and supplies exhausted, the garrison surrendered the city. The siege cost the Ottomans some 50,000 casualties. The Ottomans allowed the Christian residents and surviving Venetian soldiers to leave Famagusta peacefully but when Lala Mustafa learned that some Muslim prisoners had been killed during the siege he had Bragadin mutilated and flayed alive, while his companions were executed. Bragadin's skin was then paraded around the island, before being sent to Constantinople.
Holy League and the Battle of Lepanto.
As the Ottoman army campaigned in Cyprus, Venice tried to find allies. The Holy Roman Emperor, having just concluded peace with the Ottomans, was not keen to break it. France was traditionally on friendly terms with the Ottomans and hostile to the Spanish, and the Poles were troubled by Muscovy. The Spanish Habsburgs, the greatest Christian power in the Mediterranean, were not initially interested in helping the Republic and resentful of Venice's refusal to send aid during the siege of Malta in 1565. In addition, Philip II of Spain wanted to focus his strength against the Barbary states of North Africa. The Spanish reluctance to engage on the side of the Republic, together with Doria's reluctance to endanger his fleet, had already disastrously delayed the joint naval effort in 1570. However, with the energetic mediation of Pope Pius V, an alliance against the Ottomans, the "Holy League", was concluded on 15 May 1571, which stipulated the assembly of a fleet of 200 galleys, 100 supply vessels and a force of 50,000 men. To secure Spanish assent, the treaty also included a Venetian promise to aid Spain in North Africa.
According to the terms of the new alliance, during the late summer, the Christian fleet assembled at Messina, under the command of Don John of Austria, who arrived on 23 August. By that time, however, Famagusta had fallen, and any effort to save Cyprus was meaningless. Before setting sail for the east, Don Juan had to deal with the mutual distrust and hostility among the various contingents, especially between the Venetians and the Genoese. The Spanish admiral tackled the problem by breaking the various contingents up and mingle ships from various states. Doria assumed command of the right wing, Don Juan kept the centre, the Venetian Agostino Barbarigo received the left, and the Spaniard Alvaro de Bazan the reserve. Unaware of Famagusta's fate, the allied fleet left Messina on 16 September, and ten days later arrived at Corfu, where it learned of the Ottoman victory. The Ottoman fleet, commanded by Müezzinzade Ali Pasha, had anchored at Lepanto (Nafpaktos), near the entrance of the Corinthian Gulf.
Both sides sought the decisive engagement, for which they had amassed, according to some estimates, between 70 and 90 per cent of all galleys in existence in the Mediterranean at the time. The fleets were roughly balanced: the Ottoman fleet was larger with 300 ships to the 200 Christian ones, but the Christian ships were sturdier; both fleets carried some 30,000 troops, and while the Christians had twice a many cannons, the Ottomans compensated by a large and skilled corps of archers. Thus, on 7 October, the two fleets engaged in a battle off Lepanto, which resulted in a crushing victory for the Christian fleet, while the Ottoman fleet was effectively destroyed, losing some 25,000–35,000 men in addition to some 12,000 Christian slaves who were freed. In popular perception, the battle itself became known as one of the decisive turning points in the long Ottoman-Christian struggle, as it ended the Ottoman naval hegemony established after the Battle of Preveza in 1538. Its immediate results however were minimal: the harsh winter that followed precluded any offensive actions on behalf of the Holy League, while the Ottomans used the respite to feverishly rebuild their naval strength. At the same time, Venice suffered losses in Dalmatia, where the Ottomans attacked Venetian possessions: the island of Hvar was raided by the Ottoman fleet, with the Turkish forces burning down the towns of Hvar, Stari Grad and Vrboska.
The strategic situation after Lepanto was graphically summed up later by the Ottoman Grand Vizier to the Venetian "bailo": "The Christians have singed my beard the fleet, but I have lopped off an arm. My beard will grow back. The arm Cyprus, will not". Despite the Grand Vizier's bold statement, however, the damage suffered by the Ottoman fleet was crippling—not so much in the number of ships lost, but in the almost total loss of the fleet's experienced officers, sailors, technicians and marines. Well aware of how hard it would be to replace such men, in the next year the Venetians and the Spanish executed those experts they had taken captive. In addition, despite the limited strategic impact of the allied victory, an Ottoman victory at Lepanto would have had far more important repercussions: it would have meant the effective disappearance of the Christian naval cadres and allowed the Ottoman fleet to roam the Mediterranean at will, with dire consequences for Malta, Crete and possibly even the Balearics or Venice itself. As it was, along with the Ottoman failure at Malta six years earlier, Lepanto confirmed the "de facto" division of the Mediterranean, with the eastern half under firm Ottoman control and the western under the Habsburgs and their Italian allies.
The following year, as the allied Christian fleet resumed operations, it faced a renewed Ottoman navy of 200 vessels under Kılıç Ali Pasha. Although the Spanish contingent under Don Juan did not reach the Ionian until September, meaning that the Ottomans enjoyed numerical superiority, the Ottoman commander was well aware of the inferiority of his fleet, constructed in haste of green wood and manned by inexperienced crews. he therefore actively avoided to engage the allied fleet in August, and eventually headed for the safety of Modon. The arrival of the Spanish squadron of 55 ships evened the numbers on both sides and opened the opportunity for a decisive blow, but friction among the Christians and the reluctance of Don Juan squandered the opportunity.
The diverging interests of the League members began to show, and the alliance began to unravel. In 1573, the Holy League fleet failed to sail altogether; instead, Don John attacked and took Tunis, only for it to be retaken by the Ottomans in 1574. Venice, fearing the loss of her Dalmatian possessions and a possible invasion of Friuli, and eager to cut her losses and resume the trade with the Ottoman Empire, initiated unilateral negotiations with the Porte.
Peace settlement and aftermath.
Marco Antonio Barbaro, the Venetian "bailo" who had been imprisoned since 1570, conducted the negotiations. In view of the Republic's inability to regain Cyprus, the resulting treaty, signed on 7 March 1573, confirmed the new state of affairs: Cyprus became an Ottoman province, Venice paid an indemnity of 300,000 ducats, and the Dalmatian border between the two powers was modified by the Turkish occupation of small but important parts of the hinterland that included the most fertile agricultural areas near the cities, which meant that the economy of the Venetian cities in Dalmatia was severely impacted by this war.
Peace would continue between the two states until 1645, when a long war over Crete would break out. Cyprus itself remained under Ottoman rule until 1878, when it was ceded to Britain as a protectorate. Ottoman suzerainty continued until the outbreak of World War I, when the island was annexed by Britain, becoming a crown colony in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20555072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555072" title="Le Miroir de l'eau">
Le Miroir de l'eau

"Le Miroir de l'eau" ("The Mirror of Water") was a French mini-series directed by Edwin Baily and consisting of four episodes of one-hundred minutes each. It was first broadcast between 9 and 30 August 2004 on France 2.
Synopsis.
Antoine returns to his home near Aix-en-Provence after sailing around the world, only to learn that the girl he had loved twenty-five years earlier, Isaure Castella, has drowned in the lake 'Waters Mirrors'. Her drowning was suspicious and Antoine's return unveils a lot of mysteries.
For some time, Gabrielle has had the feeling that Isaure is back. It started with the reopening of her bedroom that her mother had locked in order not to awaken the past. Additionally, Alice, the daughter of Alexandra, has visions and regularly sees Isaure in "Water Mirrors". Alexandra is the mistress of both Nicolas and Robin, the latter a police inspector whose relationship with Alexandra is rather strained. Fortunately, he meets Anna, a teacher, who is actually about to marry, but is confused and in search of her identity.
To make matters worse, the niece of Antoine, Anais, drowns in the same way as Isaure. The inspector Robin is in charge of the inquiry, and the investigation will unveil secrets that had been buried with great care by the grandmother of the family, Suzanne Castella.

</doc>
<doc id="20555074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555074" title="Astro Awani">
Astro Awani

Astro Awani is the in-house rolling television news and current affairs channel providing 24-hour news coverage including news in Malay. With its slogan and motto tagline names Our Gateway to The World (Malaysian language: Gerbang Dunia Kita), Astro Awani presents news and informative programs including current affairs, lifestyle, documentaries, interview programs and a local and international magazine. Astro Awani started broadcasting on September 6, 2007 as part of the revamp of Astro's news division. The station is targeted at Malaysia, Brunei and Indonesia. Currently, the channel has numerous bases each with their own correspondents, and can also call upon a wide range of resources and global bureaux provided by the Malaysian government such as reporters from Bernama. It will be available on mio TV Service from SingTel soon.
History.
In 2002, the channel existed as Astro News. During that time, it carried programming from Al Jazeera (broadcast in Arabic with live Malaysian translation interpretation on its dual-language button), BBC World, CCTV-9, Eurosport News, the Australia Network (later became a separate channel in December 2007) and DW-TV. It also aired Astro News, a half-hour locally produced news program.
The five channels carried on that channel were since available separately, except when Astro News changes Al Jazeera into Al Jazeera English in its launch in 2006, which was also later became a separate channel, and DW-TV later takes a full-time slot until the Astro News channel ceased transmission on March 1, 2009. DW-TV has also been broadcast in Malaysia through NTV7 for selected programmes only on weekday afternoons in the early 2000s and later on Bernama TV also through selected programmes since 2010. Eurosport News is still airing as programme fillers on Astro SuperSport's channels since circa 2003.
In 2001, was launched as Bloomberg RIA News, as well as Bloomberg Malaysia, a joint production between Bloomberg Television and Astro. This had already dissolved in 2003 and Berita Astro started broadcasting on Astro Ria since then.
Until February 2007, Astro News was co-produced with the national news agency Bernama, with the former taking 12 minutes of the programme for general. The news is also translated into Mandarin Chinese on Astro AEC, Malaysian on Astro Ria and Tamil on Astro Vaanavil. English news was also aired on Astro Prima. In February 28, 2008 was launched form Bernama TV took over the full half-hour production pending a revamp of the internal news team at Astro. Astro Awani was first launched on June 15, 2006 in Indonesia by a joint venture between Astro and India-based NDTV.
The launch of Astro Awani proved to be a significant milestone for NDTV and Astro, as it is the first channel launched by NDTV outside of India. It first distributed throughout Indonesia on PT Direct Vision's platform, Astro Nusantara.
On September 6, 2007, Astro Awani was launched in Malaysia, at the Palace of Golden Horses.
Astro Awani was the only 24-hour international news channels told from a local perspective exclusively in the Malaysian language until February 28, 2008, when Bernama TV launched, offering three other languages other than the national language.
As of December 2010, some of Astro Awani's programmes such as Gala TV and Awani 7.45 are airing on Astro Ria every Monday to Thursday, starting with the recorded version of Gala TV at 7:30 pm followed by the live simulcast of Awani 7.45 at 7:45 pm for 30 minutes.
The launch of Astro Awani proved to be a significant milestone for mio TV and Astro, as it is the third channel launched broadcaster area outside of Singapore. It third distributed throughout Singaporean on SingTel's platform, mio TV Coming soon on April 15, 2014.
On March 2012, Astro Awani began producing news bulletins for the AMP Radio Networks's radio stations Era and Sinar FM.
Reception.
Astro Awani is encrypted on the MEASAT satellites carrying Astro on Channel 501 is available in Malaysia (Astro) and Brunei (Kristal-Astro).
Regular presenters.
When elections, either national or international, take place, Astro edits its schedule to focus on them. Recent examples have been the Malaysian Elections of 2008 and the UMNO Elections of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20555076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555076" title="North Nias Regency">
North Nias Regency

Nias Utara (North Nias) Regency is a regency in North Sumatra province of Indonesia.
Administration.
The regency is divided into eleven districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:

</doc>
<doc id="20555082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555082" title="Giovanni Fontana (architect)">
Giovanni Fontana (architect)

Giovanni Fontana (Melide, 1540 – Rome, 1614) was a Dominican friar and late-Mannerist architect, as well as brother of Domenico Fontana.
Fontana built one of the most important rural villas of the Roman Campagna in 1601-1605 for the Aldobrandini family. Castello di Torrenova was originally a medieval farmhouse that Fontana enlarged and embellished with Renaissance details and crenellated walls. Next to the castle a small late Renaissance church was built for Saint Clement, the patron saint of the Aldobrandini Pope, Clement VIII.

</doc>
<doc id="20555085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555085" title="Padang Lawas Regency">
Padang Lawas Regency

Padang Lawas is a regency in North Sumatra. Its seat is Sibuhuan. Previously Padang Lawas Regency included the present day North Padang Lawas Regency that today were separated.
Archaeology.
The Padang Lawas archaeological site is partly located in the regency. Covering approximately 1,500 km² it spreads over the districts of Barumun and Barumun Tengah, and into South Tapanuli and North Padang Lawas regencies.

</doc>
<doc id="20555086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555086" title="Hesse state election, 2009">
Hesse state election, 2009

Early state elections for the Landtag of Hesse were held in Hesse on 18 January 2009. The reason for the early elections was the inability of the parties to form a government after the inconclusive 2008 Hessian election.
Issues and background.
Hesse had been in the midst of political deadlock since January 2008, as a new government was still not formed by the Fall of 2008. The reason that ideologically-allied parties could not form a government was the existence of a bloc of far-left Linke party delegates in the Landtag. The CDU/FDP did not have a majority, nor did the SPD/Greens. Both the Linke party and the Greens pushed hard for a "red-green-red" (SPD-Greens-Linke) coalition, but the SPD initially refused this. The only other option was a grand coalition along the model in the Bundestag after the 2005 election, but this was also very unpopular.
SPD leader Andrea Ypsilanti finally gave in and attempted to negotiate with the Linke party to form a red-green-red coalition, reneging on a promise she had made earlier in the year to never negotiate with the far-left. This action caused an internal revolt among Hesse's SPD Landtag members, resulting in Ypsilanti being cast out as leader and new elections being called.
This election became in effect a referendum on the SPD; although the CDU remained unpopular, the SPD was now much less popular after recent events.
Roland Koch, the CDU party leader in Hesse and minister-president of Hesse before the 2008 elections, also acted as interim minister-president until 31 August 2010. And so even though the CDU had suffered a stinging electoral defeat in 2008, Roland Koch had not been unseated due to the inability of the SPD to form a new government. 
The candidates for the office of minister-president in 2009 were the incumbent Roland Koch of the CDU; the new Hesse SPD party leader, Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel; Tarek Al-Wazir for the Greens; Jörg-Uwe Hahn for the FDP; and Willi van Ooyen for the Linke.
Outcome.
Popular anger at the SPD over the political crisis and deadlock, and anger among some of its centrist supporters that the SPD leadership would negotiate with the far-left, led to a collapse in the SPD's support; it received its lowest vote share in Hessian history. The SPD won less than 25% of the total seats in 2009, down from 38% in 2008. The former-SPD voters split evenly between the FDP and the Greens. The Greens received their highest vote share ever as a result of this.
The 2008-2009 Hesse Landtag saga is seen as a black eye and an embarrassment for the political left in Germany. Despite the CDU's weakest support in decades, the left bungled its opportunity to unseat the CDU, which now remained in power. A CDU-FDP government was formed after the election.

</doc>
<doc id="20555091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555091" title="Sibuhuan">
Sibuhuan

Sibuhuan is a district which is also the capital of Padang Lawas Regency, North Sumatra, Indonesia. Sibuhuan is the administrative center of Padang Lawas Regency which is a formerly part of South Tapanuli Regency.
and have site: http://sibuhuan.com/ and http://itsibuhuan.blogspot.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20555109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555109" title="Small Town Rivals">
Small Town Rivals

Small Town Rivals () is a 2007 South Korean film.
Plot.
Cho Chun-sam and Noh Dae-gyu, now both in their thirties, are old friends who went to the same elementary school. In their school days, Chun-sam was always the ambitious class president, while Dae-gyu had to settle for a role as vice president. Twenty years later their roles are reversed: Chun-sam is now a humble farmer who has assumed the post of village chief in his hometown, while Dae-gyu is the newly elected county magistrate. At first, Chun-sam asks his old friend for favours regarding the development of his village, but these requests are turned down. Later, when Dae-gyu proposes building a nuclear waste disposal facility in the county, Chun-sam leads demonstrations against the plan, turning old friends into bitter rivals.
Release.
"Small Town Rivals" was released in South Korea on March 29, 2007, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 440,516 admissions. The film went on to receive a total of 1,269,142 admissions nationwide, with a gross (as of May 27, 2007) of .
Critical response.
Yang Sung-jin of "The Korea Herald" was critical of the film's blend of comedy and politics, saying, "Director Jang has incorporated a political satire into the film, weakening its already fragile comic underpinnings." Kim Tae-jong of "The Korea Times" made similar comments, saying, "the funny moments often sidetrack from the storyline and do not successfully intermingle with the heavy sarcasm placed on political issues", but also noted, "The two actors deliver impeccable performances of the slapstick variety in the wacky situations they act in."

</doc>
<doc id="20555124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555124" title="Atriplex tularensis">
Atriplex tularensis

Atriplex tularensis is an extremely rare species of saltbush known by the common names Bakersfield smallscale, Tulare saltbush, and Tulare orach. 
Distribution.
"Atriplex tularensis" is endemic to Kern County, California, where it is known only from a few individuals at Kern Lake, a usually dry ephemeral lake bed just north of the Interstate 5 and Highway 99 split. These plants may actually be representatives of "Atriplex serenana", and it is possible that "A. tularensis" is in fact extinct. 
The plants are endemic to the alkali soils of the local occasionally flooded salt pan. Much of the land in the San Joaquin Valley was claimed and altered for agriculture and the water table dropped, making conditions too dry for reproduction of many species, including this "Atriplex". The small lakebed where this species may be extant was formerly tended by The Nature Conservancy, but it is now privately owned.
Description.
"Atriplex tularensis" is an erect, reddish-green or grayish annual herb growing up to 80 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to 3 centimeters long and oval to lance-shaped. Leaves and stem branches are white-scaly and tough. 
The male and female flowers are small, hard clusters. The female fruit-producing flowers have associateted bracts which end in a sharp point. This characteristic differentiates "A. tularensis" from "Atriplex cordulata", which is otherwise very similar in appearance. "A. tularensis" is listed as an endangered species on the California state level, but not on the federal level.

</doc>
<doc id="20555133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555133" title="North Padang Lawas Regency">
North Padang Lawas Regency

North Padang Lawas is a regency in North Sumatra. Its seat is Gunung Tua.
Archaeology.
The Padang Lawas archaeological site is partly located in the regency. The site covers approximately 1,500 km², spreading the "kecamatan" (districts) of Portibi in the regency, Barumun and Barumun Tengah in the Padang Lawas Regency and Padangbolak in the South Tapanuli Regency. Hindu-Buddhist remains are found on the site, including structures called "biaro" (from Sanskrit "vihara", meaning "temple" or "monastery").

</doc>
<doc id="20555141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555141" title="Gunung Tua">
Gunung Tua

Gunung Tua is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of North Padang Lawas Regency.
Gunung Tua is a district which is also the administrative center (capital city) North Padang Lawas Regency, North Sumatra, Indonesia. Formerly Gunung Tua is a district (part of South Tapanuli Regency). And finally on July 17, 2007 Gunung Tua endorsed as the capital of North Padang Lawas Regency (which is a formerly part of the District of South Tapanuli Regency).

</doc>
<doc id="20555152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555152" title="William Wayte">
William Wayte

William Wayte (4 September 1829 – 3 May 1898) was a Church of England clergyman and a British chess master. He was one of a group of ministers who played a prominent role in English chess in the late nineteenth century. Although little remembered today, according to Chessmetrics he was the number 9 player in the world at his peak in 1878.
Education, religious and academic career.
Wayte was born in Calne, England on 4 September 1829. In 1850, he became a Craven Scholar and Brown's Medallist. In 1853, Wayte received his B.A. and became a deacon. He also became an Assistant Master of Eton College, a position he would hold until 1875. After becoming a priest in 1854 (Oxford), Wayte went on to receive his M.A. in 1856. In 1862, he took on the position of Select Preacher at the University of Cambridge.
In 1876, Wayte became a Professor of Greek at the University College London. He continued with his interest in Greek, editing the 5th edition of "Plato's Protagoras" (1888), the 2nd edition of "Demosthenes' Androtion and Timocrates" (1893), and the "Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities."
Chess career.
Wayte was one of a group of reverends who played a prominent role in early Victorian Era English chess. Other members of the group included Reverends George Alcock MacDonnell, John Owen, Charles Ranken, Edmund Thorold, and Arthur Skipworth. Mike Fox and Richard James remark that, "The English parsons were a talented mob; presumably quiet country parishes in the nineteenth century gave one the leisure needed to become a star. Most of them played under an alias so that their parishioners wouldn't know what they were up to on those long weekends in London." Wayte's alias was "W.H.C."
Wayte played in a number of tournaments in Britain between 1861 and 1893. In 1868, he finished second with 6.5 of 9 possible points, behind Rev. Thorold (8.5 points) at the 4th Counties Chess Association Congress in York. In 1871, he again finished second with 6.5 of 9 possible points, behind Arthur Skipworth (7 points), at the 3rd British Chess Association Challenge Cup in Malvern. In 1872, he finished third in the first-class section at the 8th Counties Chess Association Congress in Malvern with 10.5 of 14 possible points, behind Revs. Ranken (12 points) and Thorold (11.5 points). In 1873, he finished second with 7 of 9 possible points, behind Skipworth (8 points) at the 9th Counties Chess Association Congress in Bristol.
In 1876, Wayte scored 9 of 12 possible points, tying for 2nd–4th, with James Minchin and Rev. Owen, behind Amos Burn (11 points). In 1877, he defeated Minchin in a match held in London (11 wins, 1 draw, 7 losses). At London 1878, he won the Loewenthal Cup, scoring an undefeated 13 of 14 possible points in the double round robin event. At London 1879, he again won the Loewenthal Cup, scoring 9 of 12 possible points in a triple round robin format. With his chess career advancing, Wayte left his professor position at the University College London in 1879.
In 1881, he finished third in the 16th British Counties Chess Association Congress in Leamington with 7 of 9 possible points, behind Revs. Ranken (8 points) and Owen (7.5 points). In 1884, he won the 19th Counties Chess Association tournament in Bath with 5 of 6 possible points, ahead of such strong players as Henry Bird and Rev. MacDonnell. In 1884, he defeated Rev. Thorold in a match held in London (7 wins, 4 draws, 5 losses).
On 4 April 1885, Wayte was featured in a cartoon by noted artist and illustrator Harry Furniss in the magazine Punch, a British weekly magazine of humour and satire. The cartoon featured a room with Wayte and other leading chess players. In the cartoon, Wayte was drawn with a massive head and beetling brow seated at a chess table facing leading chess player Johannes Zukertort. By 1894, Wayte was considered a famous member of the Counties' Association. He wrote for the British Chess Magazine, which as of 2009 is the world's oldest chess magazine in continuous publication.
Wayte died on 3 May 1898 in London, England.
Chess strength.
According to Chessmetrics, at his peak in June 1878 Wayte's play was equivalent to an Elo rating of 2571. At that time, and in four other months between February and June 1878, Chessmetrics calculates that Wayte was ranked number 9 in the world. His best single performance was at Bath 1884, where he scored 5 of 6 possible points (83%) against 2440-rated opposition, for a performance rating of 2582. Judged by modern standards, Wayte would likely be a Grandmaster. Today FIDE, the World Chess Federation, often awards that title to players with Elo ratings of 2500 and above.
Notable games.
Shortly before the following game, Steinitz had written that a rook, bishop, and well-supported passed pawn were often more than a match for a queen. Fred Reinfeld writes, "One can therefore imagine how delighted he was to pounce on this game as proof of his theory." Dr. Schmid-Wayte, Dresden 1880 1.e4 e5 2.f4 exf4 3.Bc4 Nf6 4.Nc3 Nc6 5.Nf3 Bb4 6.e5? d5! 7.Bb5 Ne4 8.0-0 0-0 Here and on the next move, Reinfeld recommends that Black play ...g5!, keeping the gambit pawn and making it difficult for White to develop properly. 9.Ne2 Bg4 10.d3 Bc5+ 11.d4 Bb6 12.Bxf4 f6 13.c3 fxe5 14.Bxc6 bxc6 15.Nxe5 Bxe2 16.Qxe2 c5 17.Be3 cxd4 18.Rxf8+ Rxf8 19.Rf1? 19.cxd4 was correct, with a slight advantage to White according to Reinfeld. 19...dxe3! A strong queen sacrifice. 20.Rxf8+ Rxf8 21.Nf3 g5! Threatening to dislodge the knight with ...g4. Here, Steinitz analysed 22.Nd4 c5! 23.Nb3 d4! 24.cxd4 cxd4 25.Nxd4 (or 25.Nc1 Rf2 26.Qc4+ Kg7 27.Nd3 Rf1+! 28.Kxf1 Nd2+ and wins) Bxd4 26.Qc4+ Rf7 27.Qxd4 e2 28.Qd8+ Kg7 29.Qd4+ Kh6 30.Qxe4 Rf1#. 22.h3 Ng3 23.Qe1 e2+ 24.Kh2 Nf1+ 25.Kh1 Be3! Threatening 26...Rxf3! 27.gxf3 Bd2! followed by queening the pawn. The pawn is immune from capture, since Qxe2 is met by Ng3+, forking White's king and queen. 26.Qb1 Rxf3! 27.gxf3 Bf2 28.Qd3 Ng3+ 29.Kg2 e1(N)+! 30.Kxf2 Nxd3+ 31.Kxg3 Nxb2 0-1
Francis Wellmuth writes of the following game between two clergymen, "A surprise attack bowls Black over". Wayte-Ranken, Edinburgh 1877 1.e4 e5 2.Nf3 Nc6 3.d4 exd4 4.Nxd4 Bc5 5.Nf5!? g6 World Champion Wilhelm Steinitz later recommended 5...d5 6.Nxg7+ Kf8 7.Nh5 Qh4 8.Ng3 Nf6. Over a century after this game, World Champion Anatoly Karpov played 5...d6 against Jan Timman, with a similar idea. 6.Ne3 Nf6 7.Bd3 0-0 8.0-0 Re8 9.Nc3 Bd4 10.Ned5 Nxd5 11.Nxd5 d6 12.c3 Bg7 13.f4 Ne7 14.f5! gxf5 15.Bg5 fxe4 16.Bxe4 Qd7 17.Bxh7+ Kxh7 18.Qh5+ Kg8 19.Qxf7+ Kh8 20.Nf6! 1-0 For another game between these players, see Charles Ranken.

</doc>
<doc id="20555169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555169" title="Pakpak Bharat Regency">
Pakpak Bharat Regency

Pakpak Bharat Regency is a regency in North Sumatra, Indonesia. Its seat is Salak.In 2000, the regency covered an area of 1.218.3 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census it had a population of 40,481.
Administration.
The regency is divided administratively into eight districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:

</doc>
<doc id="20555174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555174" title="Ion Oblemenco">
Ion Oblemenco

Ion Oblemenco (13 May 1945 – 1 September 1996) was a Romanian football striker who spent the majority of his career playing for Universitatea Craiova. He is the club's all-time top goalscorer with a total of 167 goals, and the club's stadium is named in his honour.
Early years.
Oblemenco was born in Corabia, Olt County. He began his junior career in 1958 at the of age 13 at Progresul Corabia, where he played till 1960, when he moved to Electroputere Craiova for two years.
Club career.
Oblemenco aged 19, was bought from CS Universitatea Craiova by Valentin Stănescu to Rapid Bucharest, where he made his senior professional career debut in the 1963-64 season on 5 July 1964, against his soul love Universitatea Craiova he scored a goal on his debut but Rapid lose 3-1, he made only one appearance during that season, the next season 1964-65 he made four appearances and scored two goals.
Sitting more on bench, because of that time, the famous tandem (Emil Dumitriu II and Ion Ionescu), dominated and was hard to make room on the team. He left Rapid in Summer of 1966, and returned to his soul Universitatea Craiova.
Universitatea Craiova.
Here Oblemenco is allowed to play now, after spending so much time sitting on the benches at Rapid. He debuted in a match against Dinamo Bucharest on 21 August 1966 where his team lose, the following game he scored twice with Jiul Petroşani winning 3-2 at first sight in front of an audience in Craiova winning the hearts of ardent fans of Oltenia. In his first season he was the top scorer in Liga I in 1966-67 with 17 goals in 23 matches, and repeats the same performance three times in (1969-1970 - 19 goals), (1971-1972 - 19 goals) and (1972-1973 - 21 goals) being, along with Ştefan Dobay and Dudu Georgescu, the only players who obtained this performance in Liga I. His developments on the field, coupled with its particular nature and attachment towards the team total, makes him quickly leader and team captain. He became the most adored star among the club's fans, and over the years he elevated the team to the most successful era in its history, helping his team winning its first championship league title for an unknown team in those years 1973–74, over teams like Steaua or Dinamo. He was called "The Gunner" because he scored many times for Universitatea Craiova. His former colleague, Petre Deselnicu said: "I've kissed Oblemenco more than my wife, because he scored so many goals for our team". He retired in 1978 where he played for FCM Galaţi in the Liga II.
However his biggest regret was that he did not play for the Romania national team.
Coaching career.
After retiring as a player in 1979-80, he attempted to work as an assistant coach for Universitatea Craiova to gain experience from Valentin Stănescu, together they managed to win the League title during the 1979–80 season, this was their second title in the history of U Craiova.
Oblemenco was then named head-coach for two years on U Craiova. He continued to enjoy success, winning again in his first season the League title in 1980–81 making this their third in the history of Craiova, adding as well the Romanian Cup trophy for the club in the same year, and reaching with Craiova the European Cup Quarter-finals. The next season he placed second place in the league during 1981-82.
He also went on to coach Chimia Râmnicu Vâlcea, Olt Scorniceşti and Hassania Agadir in Morocco.
Life and death.
On October 28, 1972, during the 1972-1973 season, Oblemenco was diagnosed with peptic ulcer. He was successfully operated twice in October 1972. He returned to the pitch in March 1973, in a match between Rapid Bucharest and Universitatea Craiova, in which he scored three goals.
Oblemenco died of heart attack in a friendly between the team he was managing, Hassania Agadir, and Union Sidi Kacem on 1 September 1996, aged 51.

</doc>
<doc id="20555183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555183" title="Salak, North Sumatra">
Salak, North Sumatra

Salak is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia, the capital of Pakpak Bharat Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20555192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555192" title="Joseph Clyde Nunn">
Joseph Clyde Nunn

Joseph Clyde Nunn (July 13, 1908 – December 4, 1970) was a noted broadcaster and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Inverness in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1954 to 1963 as a Liberal member, and served as Minister of Labour and Welfare in the Henry Hicks government. Mr. Nunn, a colorful member of the Nova Scotia Legislature for nine years until he was defeated in the 1963 general election, was general manager of radio station CJFX, Antigonish, and one of the pioneers of Atlantic Broadcasters Ltd., operators of the radio station. Born at Whitney Pier, N.S., he received his early education in Sydney. In 1928, he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from St. Francis Xavier University here. As a teacher in Sydney, he produced and broadcast some of the first education programs in Nova Scotia. He taught school until 1937 when he entered the radio field as an announcer at radio station CJCB in Sydney. Although he devoted much time to the development of radio station CJFX in an executive capacity, he managed to find time for other interests. Keenly interested in politics, he served as minister of Labor and Welfare in the Liberal Government of Henry Hicks and a member of the Nova Scotia Legislature for Inverness County for nine years.
At the time of his death, he was a member of the National Welfare Commission for Canada. In 1968 he received an honorary doctor of laws degree from St. Francis Xavier University. He served as a member of the Board of Governors of St. Francis Xavier University for over 20 years and had been on the Executive for some 14 years. He was also past president of the Antigonish Board of Trade, the Antigonish Golf and Country Club, the Irish Society of Antigonish and the Nova Scotia Baseball Association
Born in Whitney Pier,Sydney, Nova Scotia, Clyde Nunn was the son of James Steven Nunn and Elizabeth Petrie. He was educated at Sydney Academy and Saint Francis Xavier University. Nunn ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1940 as a National Government (Canada)candidate. In 1948, he married Honorah Margaret McKenna. Nunn was a Director of the Atlantic Broadcasters Ltd, owner/operators of CJFX Radio(580 AM)in Antigonish, Nova Scotia. Mr. Nunn was Manager of CJFX from its opening on March 25, 1943 until his death, on December 4, 1970. Nunn also served as President of the Antigonish Board of Trade. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a 1954 by-election held after Alexander H. McKinnon was named a county judge. He served on the province's Executive Council as Minister of Labour and Minister of Public Works. Nunn was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1963. Nunn died on December 4, 1970, after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20555203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555203" title="Samir Khalaf">
Samir Khalaf

Samir Khalaf is a Lebanese sociologist. He was born in Beirut on October 14, 1933. He is married to Roseanne Khalaf and has two children. Khalaf has written extensively on the Arab world and on Lebanon in particular. The majority of themes in his work include sexuality in the Arab world, the Lebanese Civil War, Urbanization, and the role of the Protestant missionaries in the Levant. He is currently a professor of sociology at the American University of Beirut, and has also been a director of the Centre for Behavioural Research there since 1994.
Khalaf received his bachelor's degree in Economics from the American University of Beirut in 1955, and later his MA in Sociology in 1957. Furthermore, he obtained an MA in Economics and Sociology in 1959, and PhD in Sociology in 1964 from Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="20555231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555231" title="Mnesampela privata">
Mnesampela privata

The Autumn Gum Moth ("Mnesampela privata") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in most of Australia.
The wingspan is about 40 mm.
The larvae feed on Eucalyptus species and is considered a pest for Eucalyptus plantations. 

</doc>
<doc id="20555258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555258" title="Samosir Regency">
Samosir Regency

Samosir Regency is a regency in North Sumatra. Its seat is Pangururan. In 2010, the regency covered an area of 2,422.5 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census it had a population of 119,650.
Administration.
The regency is divided administratively into nine districts ("kecamatan"), tabulated below with their 2010 Census population:
6 of the 9 districts ("kecamatan") within the regency are on the island of Samosir (which lies within Lake Toba), while the others lie on the 'mainland' of Sumatra.
Botanical Garden.
2011: Samosir Regency with supervision from LIPI will build a 100 hectares Botanical Garden. It will finish 10 years later with cost predicted about Rp.73 billion ($8.6 million).
Geo park.
A geopark worth Rp20 billion ($2.2 million) is expected to be created - beginning in mid-2012 - in cooperation with the Agency for the Assessment and Application of Technology (BPPT). It has been proposed for incorporation into the world geo park network.

</doc>
<doc id="20555276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555276" title="Pangururan">
Pangururan

Pangururan is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Samosir Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20555320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555320" title="Nakhakshathangal">
Nakhakshathangal

Nakhakshathangal (Malayalam: നഖക്ഷതങ്ങള്‍) is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Hariharan, written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair, and starring Monisha, Vineeth and Saleena. The lead actress, Monisha, won the distinguished National Film Award for Best Actress for her role, that made her the first actress to get a National Award for her debut film and the youngest actress to achieve the feat.
Synopsis.
The story is about Ramu (Vineeth), a 16-year-old boy who is staying with his annoying uncle, who gets angry and often treats Ramu like a slave. On a trip to the pilgrim town of Guruvayoor with his uncle (played by Thilakan), Ramu meet 15 year old Gouri (Monisha), who has come with her grandmother. Both find love, and after sharing a few tender talks and moments depart without a clue that they will meet again. When back Ramu runs away from his uncle and lands up in the city with his neighbor namboothiri (played by P Jayachandran). As fate would have it, Ramu and Gouri meet again. Good conduct and intelligence of Ramu gets noticed and he is asked by a lawyer to stay in the house, where Gauri is a maid. The lawyer's deaf and dumb daughter Lakshmi (Saleema) gets attracted to Ramu and the lawyer fixes the marriage without asking Ramu. The triangle love story leads to a sad ending.
Sound Track.
The film was praised for its Sound track and all the songs were very popular 
Awards.
1987 National Film Awards (India) 

</doc>
<doc id="20555335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555335" title="Atriplex watsonii">
Atriplex watsonii

Atriplex watsonii is a species of saltbush known by the common name Watson's saltbush, or Watson's orach. It is native to the coastline of California and Baja California, where it grows in coastal areas with saline soils, such as salt marshes and beach scrub, with other halophytes such as saltgrass. It extends inland in the Los Angeles Basin, and along the Santa Ana River.
Description.
This is a gray-green to whitish perennial herb with tangled slender stems under a meter in length. It grows in mats up to 3 meters wide. The thick, fleshy, crusty leaves are up to 2.5 centimeters long and generally oval in shape. 
The plant is dioecious, with individuals bearing either male or female flowers. The male flowers grow in clusters or long spikes, and the female flowers can be found in small clusters in the leaf axils.

</doc>
<doc id="20555339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555339" title="Khelat (Battle honour)">
Khelat (Battle honour)

"Khelat 1839" is a battle honour of the British Army and the British Indian Army awarded for a campaign on the North West Frontier during the nineteenth century.
The fortress of Khelat, held by a Baluchi tribal chief, threatened communications with India through the Bolan Pass. The unfriendly Baluchi tribes had harassed and attacked British convoys and killed officers and camp followers alike during the First Anglo-Afghan War. As retaliation, the Bombay Column stormed the fortress on 13 November 1839 on its way back to India. 
Battle honour.
The honour was awarded vide GOGG dated 15 February 1840 and Bombay Government Order No 474 of 1841 and the spelling changed from 'Kelat' vide Gazette of India No 1079 of 1910. A non-repugnant honour, it was awarded to the following units:

</doc>
<doc id="20555342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555342" title="2009 in Malaysia">
2009 in Malaysia

2009 in Malaysia is the 52nd anniversary of Malaysia's independence.
National Day.
National Day Parade.
Malaysian Houses of Parliament

</doc>
<doc id="20555352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555352" title="Dragan Nešić (artist)">
Dragan Nešić (artist)

Dragan Nešić is an artist, and a member of the Serbian Fine Arts Association. He was born on 13 May 1954, in Kruševac, Serbia. He holds a degree in Physics, which he earned at the University of Sarajevo.
Nešić has taken part in over 400 exhibitions and projects in more than twenty countries, and is the author of several international projects such as "Leave Your Trace", "Religion and Art", and "The Line of Friendship". He is currently a curator for the Spirala gallery in Priboj.
Nešić received the Schlossberg Stipend ("") for 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20555354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555354" title="Astro Box Office">
Astro Box Office

Astro Box Office is a pay-per-view (PPV) system on the Astro platform in Malaysia. It shows movies and occasionally sporting events.
History.
Astro Box Office launched in 2000 as Astro Showcase. At the time it carried mainly movies and it is free-to-air for some time. From then, a subscriber must pay RM14.95 to view one movie. This could be achieved minutes before or even during the event either through a telephone or an on-screen menu and PIN system.
Season Pass was introduced in 2002, dedicated to showing sporting events.
Sometime in 2004, Astro Showcase and Season Pass were rebranded as Astro Box Office Movie and Astro Box Office Sport.
Since 2007, it was recategorized into Astro Box Office Movies Thangathirai, Astro Box Office Movies Tayangan Hebat and Astro Box Office Sport and Events. Movies Thangathirai is dedicated to Tamil language films, while Movies Tayangan Hebat shows Asian and international films. Astro Box Office Sport has been divided into three, namely Sport 1, Sport 2, and Sport Extra.
Content.
At launch it showed mainly movies from all around the Asian region and the world, but since the launch of Season Pass, movies along with sporting events have become the predominant content. Films are currently first shown on Astro Box Office between two and four months after its theatrical release. Astro Box Office Tayangan Hebat shows 8 movies for RM9.95monthly. Astro Box Office Thangathirai a channel that contains 4 Indian movies is priced at RM6.95 monthly. The combination of both Tayangan Hebat and Thangathirai is priced at RM15.95monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="20555362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555362" title="Ciriaco Mattei">
Ciriaco Mattei

Ciriaco Mattei (died 1614) was an Italian nobleman of Rome and of the House of Mattei and one of the most prolific art collectors of his time.
Family.
Mattei was the son of Alessandro Mattei and Emilia Mazzatosta. He was the brother of Cardinal Girolamo Mattei and Asdrubale Mattei, "Marquis di Giove" (an avid art collector himself). He married Giulia Matuzzi, daughter of Pietro Matuzzi and Isabella, an illegitimate daughter of the Pamphili family and they had two sons, Giovanni Batista Mattei and Alessandro Mattei.
Art collection and residences.
Mattei and his extended family took up residence at the Palazzo Mattei where they kept portions of their extensive art collecion. He became "Conservatore di Roma" and in 1582 he began construction on the Villa Celimontana in Rome.
Mattei was a close friend and patron of Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio and commissioned a number of works including the "Supper at Emmaus", "John the Baptist (Youth with a Ram)" and "The Taking of Christ" (for which Mattei and his brother paid 125 scudi). He also supported artists such as Domenico Fiasella.
Mattei left his vast collection to his two sons but they both died before he did. In 1610 he restructured his will to allow for the dissemination of his collection to his brother's children. He added an entail though, stating that no part of the furniture or furnishings considered to be a part of the Villa Mattei should be removed so as to ensure the Villa would remain as it had been while he was alive. Future generations did, however, have the entail broken (by Pope Benedict XIV)and the Villa's contents were eventually divided and sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20555367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555367" title="Electra Tower">
Electra Tower

The Electra Tower, previously Amkor Tower or Elco Tower, is an office skyscraper in Tel Aviv, Israel, located on Yigal Allon Street. At 165 meters, it is the third tallest building in the city.
Originally it was planned to be Tel Aviv's tallest tower, and one of the country's tallest towers upon completion, but the final plan lowered this to a 45-floor skyscraper. The building was completed in January 2011.
Eight (initially five) of the tower's floors, totaling 8000 m2 are rented by Google Israel. This includes one floor of 1500 m2 for a business incubator campus launched in December 2012.
Additional notable residents are Klarna, Paypal, Broadcom and Golan Telecom.

</doc>
<doc id="20555372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555372" title="Hafiz Saeed">
Hafiz Saeed

Hafiz Saeed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20555375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555375" title="Grand Elk Railroad">
Grand Elk Railroad

The Grand Elk Railroad is a Class III railroad which operates in the states of Indiana and Michigan. It is one of several short-line railroads owned by Watco Companies of Pittsburg, Kansas.
The company leases a line from the Norfolk Southern running south from Grand Rapids, Michigan through Kalamazoo, Michigan to Elkhart, Indiana. The line they lease was a former Grand Rapids and Indiana Railroad mainline. Watco Companies projects 22,000 carloads per year from 55 customers. Operations began on March 8, 2009.
The railroad connects with three larger railroads, the Norfolk Southern (Elkhart), CSX (Grand Rapids) and Canadian National (Kalamazoo, Michigan)(Via CK&S Line(Kalamazoo Spur.), as well as four short line railroads, the Marquette Rail (Grand Rapids), Grand Rapids Eastern Railroad (Grand Rapids), Michigan Southern Railroad (White Pigeon, Michigan), and Grand Rapids Eastern Railroad (Grand Rapids).

</doc>
<doc id="20555379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555379" title="1999 Women's World Ice Hockey Championships Qualification">
1999 Women's World Ice Hockey Championships Qualification

The 1999 IIHF Women's World Championship qualification process was contested between 10 teams competing for the three final places in the championships. The other seven teams would join Japan (the 6th Place team from the 1998 Olympic games), in the newly formed Pool B.
Teams.
The following is the nations that competed, and the stage that they entered the qualification process at:
Format.
The four teams in the Pre-Qualification group would play a single round robin, with the top two proceeding to the Final Qualification.
The eight teams in Final Qualification would be split into two groups of four, with the top two teams automatically qualifying for the World Championship, and a single match playoff at a neutral location to decide the final qualifier.
Pre-Qualification.
Group Stage.
Standings.
Czech Republic and France advanced to the Final Qualification. "Slovakia" and "Netherlands" qualified for Pool B.
Final Qualification.
Group A.
Standings.
Germany qualifies for the World Championship. Russia advances to the Final Playoff. "France" and "Denmark" qualified for Pool B.
Group B.
Standings.
Suitzerland qualifies for the World Championship. Norway advances to the Final Playoff. "Czech Republic" and "Latvia" qualified for Pool B.
Final Playoff.
The final playoff was held two days after the main tournaments were finished in the town of Zuchwil in Switzerland
Russia qualifies for the World Championship. "Norway" qualifies for Pool B.

</doc>
<doc id="20555380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555380" title="For Future Reference">
For Future Reference

For Future Reference is the only studio album to be released by the British synthpop band Dramatis. The album itself failed to reach the UK Albums Chart, however, one of the three singles released from the album, "Love Needs No Disguise" with Gary Numan providing vocals reached number 33 on the UK Singles Chart. The other singles from the album were "Ex Luna Scientia" and "Oh! Twenty Twenty Five"—titled "Oh! 2025" on the album. The album was reissued on CD in 2000 and retitled The Dramatis Project. The reissue was also credited to Tubeway Army featuring Gary Numan, despite Numan's only contribution being the vocal to "Love Needs No Disguise".
Track listing.
All tracks written by Dramatis.

</doc>
<doc id="20555385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555385" title="Application posture">
Application posture

The term application posture characterizes the nature of a software application's interaction with its user.
The term was coined by software design visionary Alan Cooper, who characterized four 'postures' for applications: sovereign, transient, daemonic and parasitic.

</doc>
<doc id="20555390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555390" title="Gus &amp; Waldo">
Gus &amp; Waldo

Gus & Waldo are a couple of fictional anthropomorphic gay penguins that share love for one another. They are the creation of Massimo Fenati, an Italian-born and London-based artist. Their stories lampoon many aspects of the human condition including popular culture, society, and the media
Since their debut in 2006, Gus and Waldo have appeared in three books published in the UK and all Commonwealth countries, with the first book of the series also translated and published in a number of non-English-speaking countries (Brazil, Finland, Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Italy). Merchandise is also available and a TV series is reportedly in development.
The characters.
Gus and Waldo are penguins of an unidentified subspecies. They look very similar, with only one difference to tell them apart: Gus has pointy beak and Waldo has a rounded one. This is symbolic of the slight difference in their characters: Gus is more nervous, sharper and prefers high-brow culture. Waldo is mellow, untidy and loves gossip and trash magazines.
They live in a fictional metropolitan city, in a society formed by all sorts of anthropomorphic animals.
The books.
Gus & Waldo’s Book of Love.
"Gus & Waldo's Book of Love" (Orion, 2006, hardback, 96 pages) is a picture book that deals with the love that Gus and Waldo share for one another.
Synopsis: Gus and Waldo love each other and they also love life and its many aspects: food, pastimes, shopping and a bed together. They have many personal tastes in common, but also divergent views on some issues. Their relationship experiences slight turbulence over such everyday foibles as bedtime snoring, divergent red and yellow tastes in sunglasses frames, extravagant shopping and other issues, which leads the couple to a chameleon relationship counsellor who informs them that ‘penguins mate for life’ (this is factually disputable, and depends on which penguin subspecies is being cited, as this is not the case with all them, but only with a few, such as the Humboldt penguin, the Macaroni penguin, the Rockhopper penguin and the Yellow-eyed penguin. Gus and Waldo's subspecies is not identified). The book ends happily as the loving birds decide that as ‘Fighting's Neither Fun Nor Clever/Gus and Waldo Love Each Other Forever!’
(As the book contains a two-page spread of the penguins in non-explicit fetish wear, it is probably not suitable for young children).
Foreign language editions:
Finland: "Gus & Waldo Sillä Siivellä" (WSOY, 2007);
Brazil: "Gus & Waldo O Livro Do Amor" (Ediouro, 2006);
Germany/Austria/Switzerland: "Gus & Waldos Buch Der Liebe" (Hoffmann Und Campe, 2007);
Italy: "Il Libro Dell’Amore Di Gus & Waldo" (TEA, 2008)
Gus & Waldo’s Book of Fame.
"Gus & Waldo’s Book of Fame" (Orion, 2007, hardback, 96 pages) narrates the misadventures of Gus and Waldo in their search for fame, in a sarcastic take on modern society’s obsession with the celebrity status, and explores what happens when we become separated from what is really important in life.
Synopsis: Although deeply in love with each other, Gus and Waldo explain their quest for stardom as being a desire for the 'whole world' to fall in love with them. After a few failed stabs at fame, Gus and Waldo publish their first book: "Gus and Waldo's Book of Love", and it's a hit. They are suddenly on the covers of glossy magazines, owners of a Hollywood mansion and the ‘faces' of a variety of products (from toasters to skateboards). It seems Gus and Waldo have made it. But Fame is fickle and a cooler penguin, Cedric, takes the world by storm. Gus and Waldo are soon forgotten.
In the end Gus and Waldo, now reclining in rehab, have a shared moment of revelation about the capacity of fame and fortune to deliver happiness and increase the amount of love in their lives. A gin-swigging peacock delivers a line worth remembering: ‘Get the whole world to love you? Why bother!?! You already love each other!’
In detailing what is required to maintain fame and fortune, this book manages to define what love is not. Many aspects of popular culture are satirized in this book, from TV talent shows to blockbuster films, from workout videos to brand endorsement.
Gus & Waldo’s Book of Sex.
In the third volume of the series, "Gus & Waldo’s Book of Sex" (Orion, 2008, hardback, 96 pages), the penguins face a cooling phase in their sex life and through a series of trial-and-error experiments try to regain their passion for one another.
Synopsis: Gus and Waldo are suffering between the sheets and set out to rekindle the flame both in and out of the bedroom. They didn’t just mate for life, they mated all the time, but will the routine of married life put their sex life on ice? They are willing to try anything and everything from pole dancing to Viagra, from role play to aphrodisiac food. The clumsy penguins ask all their friends for advice, but after many failed attempts, they take the leap and decide to open their relationship. But all the possible partners they eye up are wrong, and when they think they’ve found a good one in the dark room of a swinger’s party, they realize they’ve in fact found each other. Clearly, they’re destined to be a monogamous couple and with a huge relief they realize the whole problem was all in their minds: ‘Oh my love we were wrong, we were fine all along! It was so stupid to vex, our love could fill a book of sex!’
"Gus & Waldo’s Book of Sex" is a wry and witty look at our attitudes to our own sex lives and everybody else’s. In a similar way as in their previous two books, by mocking all the fads, myths and paraphernalia that are often associated with today’s approach to sex, Gus and Waldo expose the reality of all of this: all nice games, but not a substitute for love.
Foreign language editions:
Italy: "Il Libro Del Sesso Di Gus & Waldo" (TEA, 2011)
Gus & Waldo Crazy in Love.
The fourth title of the series (Orion, 2010, hardback, 192 pages) is a compendium of two previously published titles: "Gus & Waldo’s Book of Fame" and "Gus & Waldo’s Book of Sex", with only a few previously unpublished illustrations to connect the plots of the two books into a single narrative.

</doc>
<doc id="20555411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555411" title="Lorenzo Girolamo Mattei">
Lorenzo Girolamo Mattei

Lorenzo Girolamo Mattei (29 May 1748, Rome - 24 July 1833) was an Italian cardinal from the house of Mattei. He was promoted to cardinal by pope Gregory XVI in the consistory of 15 April 1833. He was also nominal Latin Patriarch of Antioch.

</doc>
<doc id="20555414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555414" title="Cleora injectaria">
Cleora injectaria

Cleora injectaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the tropical regions of the Indomalayan and Australasian ecozones, up to Fiji and New Caledonia.
The larvae feed on Rhizophora, Avicennia, Excoecaria and Xylocarpus species.

</doc>
<doc id="20555415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555415" title="Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 3)">
Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 3)

"Scandinavia's Next Top Model, Cycle 3" (Original Title: "Top Model: Milano") was the second Cycle of the Scandinavian reality television show, based on the original concept from America's Next Top Model. It was broadcast on TV3 in Denmark, Norway and Sweden by Viasat. After New York and Paris, the third Cycle was filmed in Milan and other locations in Italy.
Once again each country started an internal competition with nine girls and a national top model eliminating one after other together with her own panel of judges until three girls were left in each country.
At that point the pre-selection was over and the last nine girls competed together and against each other. Although each of the participating countries did the same photo shoots and visited the same locations the girls were never supposed to meet each other before the merge.
As every country had a reserved spot in the shows final top 3, the competition remained between the national finalists until only one Danish, Swedish and Norwegian girl was left when a special jury, led by US-American fashion expert Cynthia Garrett, determined who the winner would be.
While Anne P and Kathrine Sørland hosted for the third time, Mini Anden was replaced by model-colleague Malin Persson in Sweden.
It was also Sweden that represented the winner with Freja Kjellberg Borchies, making it the first time that a Norwegian contestant did not win the competition.
As of now, this remains to be the last Cycle of "ScNTM" since both Norway and Sweden started to have separate NTM shows from this year on.
Denmark's Pre-Selection.
This Cycle marked the first time in the shows history that a contestant withdrew from the competition making room for Line Vangaard Nielsen, who was eliminated in the semifinals before.
Among the competitors was Cecilia Kristensen, who already won several beauty peagants including the Title of "Miss Scandinavia" in 2003 and participated at the "Miss World" Contest, originally from Sweden, she was already a minor celebrity in the neighrbour country. However, her attempt to become a Top Model in Denmark was rather unsuccessful as she was sent home in the third episode.
Once again the last Danish girl in the competition was named Anna and once again she lost out against one of the other contestants making Denmark the only participating country never having won the show.
Sweden's pre-selection.
The show saw a twist when Ebba Söderström entered the competition and Sandra Nilsson got eliminated outside of judging panel before the very first photoshoot. Among the contestants have also been Kristina Svensson, who was a semifinalist on the second cycle of the show but refused to get photographed in a swimsuit back then stating it would be "sexist", and Emma Johansson who soon got known for her attitude and comments in which she criticized the modelling business and commercial models such as Heidi Klum.
In the end Freja Kjellberg Borchies was named the winner of the entire show and therefore took the title to Sweden for the very first time.
Norway's Pre-Selection.
"Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 3" was the third Norwegian pre-cycle of Scandinavia's Next Top Model shown on TV 3, where nine girls competed for one of three spots to represent their country on SNTM where they were joined by three other girls from each Sweden and Denmark. The Show was again hosted by Kathrine Sørland, who was also the main judge until the three countries merged when Cynthia Garrett took over.
Although being a favourite to win throughout the entire competition, Therese Haugsnes, who was the last Norwegian girl in the finals, lost out to take home the title making it the first time that Norway did not win the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20555446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555446" title="Robert Finch (Lord Mayor)">
Robert Finch (Lord Mayor)

Sir Robert Finch (born 1944 in Ootacamund, India) is a British businessman, former lawyer, and former Lord Mayor of the City of London.
Born in British India, Finch was educated at Felsted School and the College of Law. He joined Linklaters in 1969, progressed to partner in 1974, and head of real estate from 1997 to 1999. Linklaters' most senior partner, he left the firm on 1 July 2005 to become chairman of the property developer Liberty International, overseeing its transition to a REIT when the status was first introduced.
He is an alderman of the City, representing Coleman Street ward, having been first elected to represent Coleman Street in 1992. He became a sheriff in 1999, master of the Solicitors' Company in 2000, and Lord Mayor in 2003. 
In 2008, following a change to the voting system for City Aldermen, he was challenged by an unheard-of young lawyer in a close campaign. Finch admitted to having overspent on the campaign, by not declaring the use of Liberty's company car and chauffeur. When challenged, in "Finch and another v Richardson" (2008), a judge ruled that ignorance of the law could constitute a defence in electoral law: a point that hitherto existed in Scots law and Northern Ireland law, but not English law.
Finch was awarded a knighthood in 2004 for services to the City of London.

</doc>
<doc id="20555455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555455" title="Lagardère (film)">
Lagardère (film)

Lagardere is a two-part 2003 TV movie, directed by Henry Helman, based on the novel "Le Bossu" ("The Hunchback") by Paul Féval.

</doc>
<doc id="20555465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555465" title="Thomas Ritchie (judge)">
Thomas Ritchie (judge)

Thomas Ritchie (September 21, 1777 – November 13, 1852) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1806 to 1824.
He was born in Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia, the son of John Ritchie and Alicia Maria Le Cain. He studied law with Thomas Henry Barclay and took over Barclay's practice in 1799. Ritchie married Elizabeth Wildman Johnston, who was the daughter of Elizabeth Lichtenstein, in 1807. In 1823, he married Elizabeth Best after his first wife died in a bedroom fire. In 1824, he resigned his seat in the provincial assembly after he was named judge in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for the western division. In 1831, he was named president of the Court of General Sessions for the western district. He served on the bench until 1841. He also was president of the board of health and lieutenant-colonel in the militia. Ritchie married Anne Bond, the daughter of Joseph Norman Bond, in 1831 after his second wife died, having been thrown from a horse. He died at Annapolis Royal at the age of 75.
His son John William Ritchie served in the province's Legislative Council and in the Supreme Court of Nova Scotia and is considered one of the Fathers of Confederation. His son William Johnstone Ritchie served as Chief Justice of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20555466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555466" title="Juan de Dios Alfonso">
Juan de Dios Alfonso

Juan de Dios Alfonso Armenteros (San José de Las Lajas, 1825 – Guanabacoa, 29 June 1877), was a black Cuban band leader, composer and clarinetist. He founded the small orchestra "Flor de Cuba", which played at dances and in theatres in the middle 19th century in Havana.
In Havana, Alfonso played clarinet in Feliciano Ramos's band "La Unión" in 1856, and directed "Las Almendares" in 1859. It is not known precisely when he formed "La Flor de Cuba", but it must have been in the 1860s. It became one of the most popular bands in the middle to late 19th century. They played contradanzas, and other dances of the time. The orchestra was a típica in format, based mainly on wind instruments.
"Flor de Cuba" also played in musical theatre to zarzuelas and bufos. Cuban Bufo theatre was a form of comedy, ribald and satirical, with stock figures imitating types that might be found anywhere. They contained a musical form, guarachas, with spicy lyrics on current events and personalities.
The band was playing in the "Teatro Villanueva" in Havana in 1869 when the Spanish Voluntarios attacked the theatre, killing some ten or so patrons who had been watching a "bufo" and applauding its revolutionary sentiments. The context was that the Ten Years' War had started the previous year, when Carlos Manuel de Céspedes had freed his slaves, and declared Cuban independence. Creole sentiments were running high, and the Colonial government and their rich Spanish traders were reacting. Not for the first time, politics and music were closely intertwined, for musicians had been integrated since before 1800, and "from 1800 to 1840, blacks were the clear majority of the professional musicians". Bufo theatres were shut down for some years after this tragic event. 
Orquesta "Flor de Cuba" continued until its leader's death, when it was taken over by one of its long-term members, Raimundo Valenzuela.

</doc>
<doc id="20555471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555471" title="St Mary's Church, Moseley">
St Mary's Church, Moseley

St Mary's Church, Moseley is a parish church in the Church of England located in Moseley, Birmingham.
History.
A religious building dedicated to St Mary has been at the heart of Moseley for over 600 years. The foundation of the church for public worship is taken to be the Papal Mandate from Pope Innocent VII dated 2 February 1405 by which he instructed the Bishop of Worcester to allow the local parishioners to have mass and other divine offices celebrated by fit priests in the chapel of St Mary Moseley. At that time, the Parish Church was at Bromsgrove and that church was said to be so distant that access at certain times of the year was impossible, without danger, especially for old men and pregnant women and other weak persons, on account of the distance and floods.
Earlier references to Elizabeth of York, the wife of King Henry VII, giving land in October 1494, upon which to build a church, are now found to be mistaken. She did not become the Lord of Manor until May 1495 on the death of her grandmother Cecily Neville, Duchess of York, who had been given the Manor for life by her son, Edward IV. The land given by Cicely to the trustees of the existing chapel of the Blessed Mary, in return for a red rose every midsummer's day, was not for any particular purpose and was entirely covered with water which would not have been a good place to build anything! Perhaps this was the origin of Ladypool.
In the 5th year of the reign of King Henry VIII (1513–1514), a tower was built using 48 cart loads of stone from the walls of the parsonage at Bromsgrove. In addition, repairs were done to the chapel and bells were bought.
The Commissioners of King Edward VI confirmed the continuation of a priest in the chapel in 1548 at the time that Chantries were being abolished at a salary of £4 13s 4d (7 marks) a year which was still being paid well into the 19th century.
Dissenters ministered in the Chapel in the 17th century but were ejected in 1662 after the restoration of King Charles II.
Throughout this time, Moseley was regarded as a Perpetual Curacy, with trustees looking after it, and a Chapel of Ease first to Bromsgrove and then to King's Norton churches. As a result of augmentations to the living from Queen Anne's Bounty during the 18th century, Moseley became an ecclesiastical parish (‘body politick’) in its own right, but without a defined boundary, in 1767.
By 1780 the Chapelry of Moseley was described as a very ancient structure the middle aisle of which was falling down and all other parts except the Tower were so ruinous that it could no longer be supported and "not being large enough to contain the inhabitants that resort thereto must be taken down rebuilt and enlarged before divine service can be performed therein with Safety to the Minister and Congregation". A public subscription was sanctioned by Letters Patent of George III to secure the architect's estimated cost of rebuilding of £1028.5s.10½d., excluding old materials.. The chapel was widened and the height was raised by about 8 feet.
In 1823, with the benefit of a grant of £250 from the Incorporated Society for the Enlargement of Churches and Chapels towards the total cost in the region of £2000 raised by another public subscription, Thomas Rickman (1776–1841) was chosen as the architect to improve the building with his ideas of Gothic Revival but it was all sham. The walls were brick, plastered inside and out in imitation of stone; the flat ceiling was crossed by parallel and diagonal imitation oak beams in plaster and the window mullions were cast iron. Even the font was a plaster bowl fixed against the west wall, modelled on a medieval piscina. Everything had to give way to accommodation for an additional 362 seats of which 247 were free. This church was about the length of the Nave of the present church. There was no Chancel, but rather an apse for the altar at the East End. Against the tower at the West, there was a loft, accessed from the belfry, which housed a small barrel organ and choir.
This instrument produced a very small selection of hymn tunes (probably only 6) and a short-lived music group was introduced to enhance the music but it was found to be too expensive to maintain. Miss Sarah Taylor of Moseley Hall then provided the church with a new, much improved barrel organ in 1838, the loft having been converted into a larger gallery with seating for about 150. In 1856, a manual organ by Bosward & Sons of Birmingham was installed in the gallery and the barrel organ found its way to Yardley Wood Parish Church.
Shortly prior to this, in 1853, Moseley Chapel dedicated to St Mary was granted a fully defined boundary and became a District Chapelry with the Incumbent, still a Perpetual Curate, able to celebrate Holy Matrimony and receive the statutory fees. This was the result of a series of Acts in the early years of Queen Victoria's reign to "make better provision for the assignment of ecclesiastical districts to churches or chapels augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne". In 1866, the District Chapelry was transformed into a vicarage and for the first time the Incumbent became a Vicar. A parsonage house had been built in 1856 on glebe land in School Road. The detailed specifications for the building included servants’ quarters, a system of calling bells, a piggery and a chicken coop but not a bathroom.
No sooner had the Parish of St Mary, Moseley secured settled boundaries than a large portion to the south was created in 1863 into the separate Consolidated Chapelry of All Saints, Kings Heath which itself became a vicarage in 1866. The same occurred for the District Chapelry of St Anne's Church, Moseley in 1875 with land to the north.
Nevertheless, the population of Moseley increased considerably over this time from a small village of 1500 people to an urban suburb of nearly 17,000, according to the Census records from 1851 to 1911. More space and additional worship buildings were required.
In 1872, the church was extended eastwards by 21 feet to provide the first chancel. At the same time, the Bosward organ was enlarged and moved from the gallery to a purpose-built chamber to the north of the new Chancel.A further 50 additional sittings were provided.
This was the work of the Architect, J.A. Chatwin and began his association of over thirty years with the alterations to the church.
Before any further building took place, the church acquired a new set of bells. St Mary's Church, Moseley originally possessed three bells, as is recorded in an inventory of 1552. They were later recast and were purchased by Miss Rebecca Anderton for the new St Anne's church in 1874. In the same year, the tower at St Mary's was provided with a ring of eight steel bells from Sheffield which had hung in to St Marie's R C Church for a few years. They were bought by Sir John Holder of Brewery fame who lived at Pitmaston, Moor Green. At that time, there was a ringing room one floor up. Access would have been via the outside door at the base of the tower, up the stone stairs and in through a door into the chamber; the blocked-up doorway can be seen from the present ground floor ringing room. During the rebuilding work of 1909, the ringing room floor in the tower was removed; ringing could therefore be done only from the ground floor level, though in fact, this was never done. From then until the restoration work in 1991, only certain bells could be swung for chiming but this was rare. The usual method of chiming the bells was with hammers operated from an Ellacombe chiming apparatus, by which the operator pulled ropes from within a frame on the wall. In 2012, the steel bells were replaced with a new peal of ten, seven of which were newly cast by John Taylor of Loughborough.
With the rapidly increasing population, especially following the erection of numerous shops and cottages directly opposite the church in St Mary's Row, thoughts turned again to providing additional accommodation for worshippers. This began with the idea of building a completely new church in the east of the village which became St Agnes Church, consecrated in 1884, as a second worship centre within the parish and eventually gaining parish status in its own right in 1914. However, more space was required more immediately and a purpose-built wooden construction with corrugated iron roof was erected on the glebe land opposite the vicarage in 1879. The total cost including all fittings was £635 and it was perhaps affectionately known as the Temporary Church or 'Tin Tabernacle'. When it was no longer required, it was sold to the Vicar of Edgbaston in 1885 for £150. It was dismantled and erected on Pershore Road and can still be today as the church hall of the Church of SS Mary and Ambrose, Edgbaston.
Despite a Parish Meeting in 1878 resolving that nothing be done in the way of altering the Parish Church, it became clear that an enlarged space was required even with the Temporary Church and the building of St Agnes. J.A. Chatwin produced plans to expand on the north side with the creation of a new North aisle and arcade of six columns. The contract was given to the builders, Sapcotes, at a total cost in the region of £1700 and, to their credit, not a single service was lost during the building work. It was consecrated in May 1885 and provided an additional 326 sittings of which 150 were free.
In 1887, the larger organ chamber was built and a new organ installed at a cost of £750. It was built by Henry Jones and Son of London for the National Art Treasures Exhibition at Folkestone in 1886. It is enclosed in a handsome carved case of solid oak, and was the inspiration of the parish organist Frederick H Bell to commemorate Queen Victoria's 50th Jubilee. This organ is still in use today. Chris Kearl has written a detailed history.
Further additions were made by the Chatwins, father J.A. and son P.B., in 1891 with a Parish Vestry at the west end which became the choir vestry and in 1897 when the Chancel was enlarged and transept erected on the south side of the Chancel for even more additional seating. Subsequently, this was transformed into a side chapel and is now known as the Lady Chapel
In 1904, a finely ornate alabaster Reredos was erected at the High Altar in memory of Frederick H Bell who died in 1903. Unfortunately, this was damaged beyond repair by a bomb in December 1940 which also destroyed a good deal of the stained glass.
The major work of P.B. (Philip) Chatwin was the expansion of the building to the south in 1909–10 with the erection of a new south aisle and clerestory built with increased roof height and a south arcade of columns to match those on north. Old oak high pews were cut down to their present size. Doors were also created at South-East and South-West ends, the latter replacing a previous door to the east. At this time, the West gallery was removed, revealing the medieval arch. The total seating was then 907.
During the 1920s and 1930s, much was done to beautify the interior of the church and a Sacristy was added on the north side of High Altar sanctuary in 1934. In the same year, with a bequest in memory of Cllr. F. D. Tippetts, one of the founders of the Moseley Park & Pool Co Ltd., a fine pair of wrought iron gates was installed by The Bromsgrove Guild of Applied Arts, famous for the Buckingham Palace gates.
For more details, please visit the church's Website http://www.moseleybenefice.org.uk
The church is medieval.
Patterns of Worship at St. Mary's.
Regular Sunday Worship
Weekday Worship
Patterns of Worship at St. Anne's.
Regular Sunday Worship
Music.
Music has always played a part in services at St. Mary's and for more than the past hundred years the church has maintained a strong choral tradition. There are currently two choirs, firstly the St Mary's Choir, a traditional Robed Choir consisting of some 18 treble choristers (boys and girls) and 12 "back row" (Altos, Tenors and Basses), many of whom were formerly Trebles in the choir. There is also the St Mary's Singers consisting of adult singers including female sopranos.
The Robed Choir as well as singing for the services of the church, undertakes singing holidays deputising for established Cathedral Choirs during their vacations. For many years they have had a choral exchange with the Eschersheim Youth Choir in Frankfurt-am-Main, Germany (the latest in February 2005). In February 2000 and again in February 2004 the choir undertook a singing tour to Atlanta, Georgia, USA. During August 2006, they were Choir in Residence at Washington National Cathedral, USA during August 2006. Residencies has included Ripon Cathedral (2009), Portsmouth Cathedral (2008), St Asaph's Cathedral in Wales, Sherborne Abbey, Salisbury Cathedral and Romsey Abbey (2010) and this year (2011) at St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin. In 2012 they will be in residence at St David's Cathedral in Wales. This along with singing occasional services on Saturdays during the year, including Birmingham Cathedral, Hereford Cathedral, Bath Abbey, Gloucester Cathedral and Derby Cathedral.
The St Mary's Singers has shared tours with the Robed Choir in Atlanta and the last few exchanges in Frankfurt, but has also done their own short breaks in Frankfurt and Prague. They have sung occasional services at Birmingham Cathedral and at Tewkesbury Abbey in 1977. They sing for the opening and closing services for the 3D Course for the Birmingham Diocese at Birmingham Cathedral.
Finally there is also a small choir called St Mary’s Schola, which consists of a double quartet of singers drawn from the Robed choir and began sharing concerts at Moseley Festival with Rich Batsford. The concerts brought together musicians from different faith backgrounds, expressing spirituality through music. This collaboration is known as "Musituality". This saw a concert in 2009 with a full capacity audience at Birmingham Cathedral with Buddhist-inspired music (Rich Batsford), Christian music (St. Mary's Schola) and Muslim music (A’ashiq Al Rasul). A further concert in 2010 at the Birmingham Buddhist Centre saw the same collaboration.
Organ.
The church possesses an organ dating from 1887 by Henry Jones. It was overhauled in 1996 by Trevor Tipple of Worcester. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Bells.
The tower formerly contained eight steel bells, originally hung at St Marie's, Sheffield (now the Roman Catholic Cathedral), where they were replaced by traditional bells after only 12 years of service because of the dreadful noise they made. The steel bells () were sold to a local Moseley businessman who presented them to St Mary's in 1874. These were removed in January 2012.
A replacement ring of ten bells (tenor ), consisting of seven new and three from Greenock, was installed and rung for the first time in October 2012 to mark the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
Notable burials.
St. Mary's contains the family vaults of the Holmes family, which includes Edward Holmes, Birmingham architect.
Inside the church, there are memorials to William Congreve Russell and Rebecca Anderton. The churchyard contains the gravestones of Joseph Lucas and John Avins among many others.
There is also a war grave of a World War I soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="20555475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555475" title="Army Information Services">
Army Information Services

Army Information Services is a branch within the British Army's Headquarters that delivers important software applications and web services to the Army and, in some cases, to Defence. Its flagship product is the award-winning Army community website, ArmyNET. The branch is part of the Directorate of Command and Battlespace Management within HQLF.

</doc>
<doc id="20555492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555492" title="Robert Finch">
Robert Finch

Robert Finch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20555496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555496" title="Avena barbata">
Avena barbata

Avena barbata is a species of wild oat known by the common name slender wild oat. It has edible seeds. It is a diploidized autotetraploid grass. This is a winter annual grass with thin tillers (stems) growing up to 60 to 80 centimeters in maximum height, but known to sometimes grow taller. The bristly spikelets are 2 to 3 centimeters long, not counting the bent awn which is up to 4 centimeters in length. Avena barbata largely reproduces by selfing in natural populations, with very low rates of outcrossing. 

</doc>
<doc id="20555501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555501" title="Girolamo Mattei">
Girolamo Mattei

Girolamo Mattei (8 February 1547 - 8 December 1603) was an Italian Cardinal from the House of Mattei.
Mattei was born 8 February 1547, the son of Alessandro Mattei and Emilia Mazzatosta. He was the younger brother of Ciriaco Mattei and the older brother of Asdrubale Mattei, Marquis di Giove. He was uncle to Girolamo Mattei, Duca di Giove and Luigi Mattei, commander of forces loyal to the Pope.
Mattei was raised to cardinal deacon in 1586 with the diaconias of Sant'Adriano al Foro and Sant'Agata dei Goti (1587) then Santa Maria in Cosmedin (1587–89), then the titular church of San Pancrazio fuori le mura from 1592 to 1603.
He participated in the conclaves of 10–30 January 1592 (electing Pope Clement VIII) and also the elections of Pope Innocent IX, Pope Gregory XIV and Pope Urban VII. From 1591 to 1603 he was prefect of the Congregation of the Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20555506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555506" title="Fiona Ayerst">
Fiona Ayerst

Fiona Ayerst is a wildlife photographer.
Photography.
Fiona has appeared in local and international photo competitions and is a writer, published in various magazines. Fiona is a stock photographer and many of her images are published in magazines and newspapers around the world.
Fiona won the largest and most prestigious African photography competition for wildlife photographers in 2003. She is the editor-in–chief of an online magazine called "Beyond Blue", a magazine for young scientists and explorers.
She currently lives with her partner, National Geographic shark expert Ryan Johnson, in Mossel Bay, South Africa. They have one child together named Finn.
Fiona is considering trying her hand at underwater cinematography, now that HDR cameras are much smaller and more readily available.

</doc>
<doc id="20555507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555507" title="Astro On Demand">
Astro On Demand

Astro On Demand is a Hong Kong drama channel co-established by TVBI and Astro. While broadcasting the newest HK drama on the same time HK does, it also plays TVB dramas that are firstly released overseas. This channel was officially launched on 16 July 2007.
Channel details.
Astro On Demand is a HK drama channel that plays spontaneously as HK does on the premiere of dramas. It also plays TVB dramas that are firstly broadcast overseas. However, not all broadcast drama is subject to the rules above. Every broadcast HK drama is subtitled with Chinese and Malay and the language in the dramas are Cantonese and Mandarin (dubbed version).
In addition, Astro On Demand broadcasts some live events in Hong Kong, such as TV Awards Presentation, TVB Anniversary Gala Show, Tung Wah Charity Show, etc. because live programmes on Astro On Demand are retransmitted from Singapore TVBJ and Hong Kong TVB Jade channel, the image quality is relatively poor. Moreover, Astro On Demand launched their own preview channel (Channel 302, now has been changed to "Astro iView") to attract more customers to buy this service. However, due to the reform of Channel 302, the trailers on Astro On Demand were largely decreased and replaced by the notices of self-made programs of Astro channels (non-Astro On Demand channels).
Astro On Demand adopts NVOD so that audiences can review the dramas when they missed the first broadcasting time. For example, all the episodes of HK dramas premiere on 8.30 are collected at Channel 903-910; those premiere on 9.30 are collected at Channel 923-943. Each channel can collect 4 episodes at most (5-6 episodes in one channel sometimes), that is, the time audiences have to wait at the shortest is 45 minutes, the longest 3 hours (sometimes longer). Furthermore, Astro On Demand keeps the dramas for another week after the entire series ended for audiences who missed them can have a watch. However, if one drama was well received, the channel will keep it longer. So far dramas that have been kept for a month are: Moonlight Resonance, Rosy Business, Beyond the Realm of Conscience, and Born Rich.
Information.
Astro On Demand claims itself as a Hong Kong drama channel that premieres the latest Hong Kong dramas spontaneously as Hong Kong does. But some of them were not played spontaneously and some were not showed at all. Later, Astro modified terms on its official website without prior notice, claiming that Astro reserves the rights to choose whichever drama it preferred to play. The following is the list of dramas, the premieres of which the channel did not play spontaneously as HK did, or that the channel did not play at all. 

</doc>
<doc id="20555508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555508" title="The Eight Garudhammas">
The Eight Garudhammas

The Eight Garudhammas (or "heavy rules") are additional precepts required of bhikkhunis (fully ordained Buddhist nuns) above and beyond the monastic rule (vinaya) that applied to monks. The authenticity of these rules is highly contested; they were supposedly added to the (bhikkhunis) Vinaya "to allow more acceptance" of a monastic Order for women, during the Buddha's time. They are controversial because they attempt to push women into an inferior role and because many Buddhists, especially those in Theravada, have found evidence that the eight Garudhammas are not really from the teachings of Buddha.
English Translation.
The English translation of the Eight Garudhammas is reproduced below:. The Garudhammas and some research are as follows:
Murcott writes about Pajapati's purported later request: "I would ask one thing of the Blessed One, Ananda. It would be good if the Blessed One would allow making salutations, standing up in the presence of another, paying reverence and the proper performance of duties, to take place equally between both bhikkhus and bhikkhunis according to seniority." Those who believe in the garudhamma] also recount the story of this rule being altered after six monks lifted up their robes to show their thighs to the nuns. They believe that the Buddha learned about this, and made an exception to that rule so that nuns need not pay respect to such monks. According to the altered rule, a bhikkhuni does not have to bow to every monk, only to a monk who is worthy of respect.
However, even proponents of the garudhammas concede that amendments were made to these rules. The revised version allows bhikkhunis to perform Paravana by themselves.
This gurudhamma #6 mentions probationers/sikkhamanas (modern equivalent is Samaneri) who train for two years in preparation to become bhikkhunis. It says that after a probationer has trained with a bhikkhuni for two years, that bhikkhuni preceptor has the responsibility to fully ordain her. However, when the Buddha ordained Mahapajapati, probationer ordination did not exist. He ordained her directly as a bhikkhuni. This is one of the many textual errors in the garudhammas: the Buddha supposedly created one rule that requires probationer training which did not exist in the Buddha's time.
Some scholars believe that the eight rules were added later since:
In Young Chung writes about Hae-ju Chun, a Bhikṣunī and assistant professor at Tongguk University in Seoul, Korea, who points out that six of the Eight Rules (#1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 8) belong to the Bhikṣunī Pāyantika Dharmas, yet require different punishments in garudhammas versus the pāyantika dharmas. Violation of any garudhamma is punished by prohibiting the probationer from ordaining. However, the pāyantika dharmas (#175, 145, 124 or 126, 141, 143, 142) are minor rules, requiring only confession. The first of them does not even appear in the Pāli Bhikṣunī Vinaya. Based on the vast difference in the gravity of offenses between the eight garudhammas and the pāyantika dharmas, she asserts the probability that the garudhammas might have been added later.
Effects on the Ordination of Women.
When giving the Eight Garudhammas to Mahapajapati Gotami, the Buddha supposedly said they would constitute her full ordination (Pali:"upasampada"): "If Mahapajapati Gotami accepts these eight vows of respect, that will be her full ordination." However, Bhikkunī Kusuma in her article "Inaccuracies in Buddhist Women's History" has pointed out a number of inaccuracies in the ways the Eight Garudhammas have been recorded in the Pali Canon and its commentaries. And others point out the plethora of textual problems with the position for garudhammas. Tathaaloka Bhikkhuni published evidence that the Eight Garundhammas are non-historical.
In Theravada Buddhism today the full Bhikkhuni ordination lineage has been restored in Sri Lanka, but Theravadin nuns in other countries find it extremely difficult to obtain full ordination. Although some expressed an interest in receiving the full ordination via the surviving Mahayana full Bhikkhuni ordination in the course of the 20th century, it was not simply the difficulties of ordination from a different school of Buddhism that deterred them. Ellison Banks Findly reports that mae chis in Thailand were also deterred by the prospect of full ordination requiring them keeping the Eight Garudhammas and therefore having a formal subordination to the monks in addition to existing cultural discrimination.
In 2003 the first Thai woman to receive full Bhikkhuni ordination under the name of Dhammananda, was Dr. Chatumarn Kabilsingh, a former university professor. Dhammananda Bhikkhuni now heads a temple for Buddhist women, enjoying extremely narrow recognition in Thai society.
Although Tibetan Buddhism has not had a bhikshuni ordination lineage, until Ven. Thubten Chodron, ordained since 1977, http://www.thubtenchodron.org/ it had only a tradition of novice nuns, it has had a number of famous women practitioners who were yoginis. Many Buddhist scholars and laypeople all over the world want to help Tibetans to establish a full ordination. Bhikshuni Prof. Dr. Karma Lekshe Tsomo, University of San Diego, California, USA, President of Sakyadhita International Association of Buddhist Women stated, while talking about Gender Equality and Human Rights: "It would be helpful if Tibetan nuns could study the bhikshuni vows before the ordination is established. The traditional custom is that one is only allowed to study the bhikshu or bhikshuni vows after having taken them. Moreover, at present, the Tibetan nuns are prevented from completing the Geshema degree, since Vinaya is one of the five subjects studied and they are not permitted to study it without already being bhikshunis." 
Purpose.
These rules were instituted, whether by the Buddha himself or other members of the early sangha, to fulfill certain requirements put on them by society. Monks and nuns had to be sufficiently separated to give no accusation of impropriety between them, but not so separate that the nuns became an autonomous group of women without at least formal subordination to some male authority; this was unacceptable to society at large, and would have rendered the sangha socially unacceptable. Social acceptability was vital for the sangha, as it could not survive without material support from lay society.

</doc>
<doc id="20555511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555511" title="Haig Bosmajian">
Haig Bosmajian

Haig Aram Bosmajian is an author, lecturer, and professor, who received the 1983 Orwell Award for his book "The Language of Oppression" (1974). Haig Bosmajian received a PhD in 1960 from Stanford University. His work has explored rhetoric and the freedom of speech. Bosmajian has been professor emeritus at the University of Washington, in the Speech/Communications Department, where he has taught since 1965. He is married to Hamida Bosmajian, also a published author and a professor at nearby Seattle University.
Haig and Hamida Bosmajian wrote the textbook, "The Rhetoric of the Civil Rights Movement" (1969), which has been published as a student textbook to analyze strategies of rhetoric.
Works.
The following are selected works by Haig Bosmajian:

</doc>
<doc id="20555513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555513" title="Thalaina selenaea">
Thalaina selenaea

The Satin Moth ("Thalaina selenaea") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania.
The wingspan is about 50 mm. Depending on the location the adults are most common in Autumn, particularly in April.
The larvae feed on "Acacia dealbata" and "Acacia melanoxylon". 

</doc>
<doc id="20555528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555528" title="Velika Planina">
Velika Planina

Velika Planina (literally 'Big Pasture') is a dispersed high-elevation settlement of mostly herders' dwellings on the karstified Velika Planina mountain plateau in the Kamnik Alps in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The mainly wooden huts and barns in the settlement have a particular architecture. They are single-room dwellings with shingled oval roofs extending nearly to ground level, making the space created by the extended roof suitable for sheltering livestock. There are very few permanent residents in the settlement, but in the summer months it still has a sizable population of herdsmen who bring their flocks to the highland pastures. It is one of very few herders' settlements of this scale preserved in Europe and attracts visitors throughout the year with facilities for skiing in the winter and hiking in the summer. A number of houses to accommodate visitors have been built nearby. It is easily accessible by cable car from Kamniška Bistrica.
Prior to 1939, the architect Jože Plečnik prepared plans to build a church. The church design was modeled on the unique architecture of the surrounding huts. In 1939, the shepherds and dairymaids of Velika Planina used Plečnik's designs and built the Chapel of Our Lady of the Snows ("Marija Snežna"). Located just above the settlement, the small church was dedicated to the Virgin Mary. In the Second World War the chapel along with 100 other wooden dwellings were burnt down. The new chapel was built in 1988 and is particularly known for its Christmas Eve midnight mass.

</doc>
<doc id="20555537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555537" title="List of wars involving Brazil">
List of wars involving Brazil

This is a list of wars and rebellions involving the Federative Republic of Brazil from 1822 to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="20555553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555553" title="LNWR Class E">
LNWR Class E

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Class E was a class of 2-8-0 steam locomotives in service between 1904 and 1928.
History.
26 were rebuilt by George Whale from Class B 4-cylinder compounds with the simple addition of a leading pony truck to reduce excessive front overhang between 1904-1908. The only alteration was to wheelbase and weight, but when the letter classification system was introduced in 1911, this took them into a different class.
Two of Class Es were further rebuilt to Class Fs by the replacement of the 4'3" diameter boiler with a larger 5'2" diameter boiler; these being 1038 in 1907 and 647 in 1908.
From 1917, Charles Bowen Cooke started to rebuild the remaining 24 Class Es into LNWR Class G1 0-8-0s with simple expansion engines. 12 had been so treated by the grouping of 1923, and a further pair were treated in January and February of that year. Of the remaining ten Class Es, the LMS allocated them the numbers 9600-9. A further four were rebuilt to Class G1 in 1923-4, while the remaining six engines were withdrawn still as Class Es in 1927/8, two of them never receiving their allocated LMS No. None was preserved.
List of locomotives.
LMS numbers in parentheses were not carried prior to rebuilding as G1 or withdrawal.

</doc>
<doc id="20555565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555565" title="Arboretum de la Foux">
Arboretum de la Foux

The Arboretum de la Foux (10 hectares), also known as the Arboretum de Saint-Sauveur-des-Pourcils, is an arboretum located within the Forêt de l'Aigoual near Saint-Sauveur-Camprieu, northwest of Le Vigan, Gard, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It is open daily without charge.
The arboretum was created 1900-1910 for experimental introduction of foreign species into France. Scientific efforts ceased in 1963, and it has subsequently been maintained for educational purposes by the "Office national des forêts". The site is on a southwest slope between 900 and 1500 metres altitude in an environment very conducive to forest vegetation; some trees reach heights that are records for Europe.
The arboretum's softwood collections include "Abies cephalonica", "Abies concolor", "Abies grandis", "Araucaria", Atlas Cedar, Nordmann Fir, European Larch and Japanese Larch, "Pinus laricio"; common Spruce, Oriental Spruce, Sitka Spruce, "Picea pungens", and Engelmann Spruce; and "Sequoia", "Thuja plicata", and "Tsuga heterophylla". Its hardwoods include ash, beech, birch, cherry, chestnut, red oak, and sycamore.

</doc>
<doc id="20555593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555593" title="Perfume Pagoda">
Perfume Pagoda

The Huong Pagoda[http://www.perfumepagodatours.com] (, , ) is a vast complex of Buddhist temples and shrines built into the limestone Huong Tich mountains. It is the site of a religious festival which draws large numbers of pilgrims from across Vietnam. 
The centre of the Huong Temple lies in Huong Son Commune, Mỹ Đức District, former Hà Tây Province (now Hanoi). The centre of this complex is the Perfume Temple, also known as Chua Trong ("Inner Temple"), located in Huong Tich Cave.
Historical background.
It is thought that the first temple was a small structure on the current site of Thien Tru which existed during the reign of Lê Thánh Tông in the 15th century. Legend claims that the site was discovered over 2000 years ago by a monk meditating in the area, who named the site after a Tibetan mountain where Lord Buddha practiced asceticism. A stele at the current temple dates the building of a terrace, stone steps and Kim Dung shrine to 1686, during the reign of Le Hy Tong, at around the same time that Chua Trong was being constructed.
Over the years some of the structures were damaged and replaced. The original statues of Lord Buddha and Quan Am were cast from bronze in 1767 and replaced with the current statues in 1793. More recently, damage was done during both the French and the American wars. Both the gate and the bell tower at Thien Tru Pagoda were destroyed, the bell tower rebuilt in 1986 and the gate completed in 1994.
Physical layout.
The many Pagodas that make up Chua Huong are spread out among the limestone hills and tropical forests in the area of Huong Mountain.
Den Trinh.
Approaching from the Day River, one will first come across Den Trinh (Presentation shrine), also known as Den Quan Lon (Shrine of High-ranking Mandarin), built to worship one of the generals of a Hung King. This large shrine has a gate with two kneeling elephant statues on each side. Inside the structure is a large ceremonial room.
Thien Tru Pagoda.
Beyond Den Trinh is Thien Tru (Heaven Kitchen) Pagoda, also known as Chua Ngoai (Outer Pagoda). Here one will find Vien Cong Bao Stupa, a brick structure where Ch’an Master Vien Quang, who led the reconstruction of the pagoda, is buried. Thien Thuy stupa, a naturally occurring structure that is the result of the erosion of a rocky hill, is also nearby. Thien Tru is also home to a bell tower and Hall of the Triple Gem, both built in the 1980s. Inside the Pagoda there is a large statue of Quan Am Nam Hai.
hay
Giai Oan Pagoda.
On the route from Thien Tru to Huong Tich cave is Giai Oan Temple, also called ‘Clearing Unjust Charges’ Pagoda. Here there is a pond called Thien Nhien Thanh Tri (Natural Blue Pond), also called Long Tuyen Well, and Giai Oan stream, with its 9 sources.
Huong Tich Cave.
The center of the Chua Huong complex, Huong Tich Cave houses Chua Trong (Inner Temple). The mouth of the cave has the appearance of an open dragon’s mouth with Chinese characters carved in a wall at the mouth of the cave. The characters (Nam thien de nhat dong) are translated as “first grade cave of the South World” and the carving is dated to 1770. The words are attributed by some to the ruler of that time, Thinh Do Vuong Trinh Sam.
Inside the cave there are many statues. There is a large statue of Lord Buddha, as well as one of Quan Am, both made of a green stone. Quan Am's "left leg is stretched out and the foot lies on a lotus flower, her right leg is bent and is supported by a lotus flower with supple leaves; a hand holds a pearl." There are also statues of Arhats and various other figures. Among the naturally occurring features of the cave are numerous stalactites and stalagmites, some of which are worn smooth from years of rubbing by visitors to the cave.
Other sites included in the Chua Huong complex are Thien Son Pagoda, Thuyet Kinh Grotto, Phat Tich Temple, and Vong Temple.
Popular practices.
There are many practices associated with Chua Huong and its various temples. Some of these are specifically Buddhist, while others are animist or part of popular religion in Vietnam.
Pilgrimage.
Many Vietnamese people visit Chua Huong on religious pilgrimage. The standard greetings from one pilgrim to another are "A Di Da Phat" or "Namo Amitabha Buddha". For the purpose of pilgrimage there are various routes that one might take, but the most popular is to take a boat from Yen wharf, stopping at Trinh shrine to ‘present’ themselves at the ‘registration shrine’. The pilgrims then make their way to Hoi bridge and visit Thanh Son temple inside a cave. The next stop is Tro wharf, from which pilgrims travel on foot to Thien Tru Pagoda. After Thien Tru comes Tien temple, followed by Giai Oan temple. It is believed that Buddha once stopped here to wash himself clean of the dust of humanity, and many pilgrims will wash their face and hands in Long Tuyen Well in hopes of washing away past karmas. While here, pilgrims may also visit Tuyet Kinh cave and Cua Vong shrine to worship the Goddess of the Mountains, or Phat Tich Shrine where there is a stone believed to be the preserved footprint of the Quan Am.
From here pilgrims head toward the final destination: Huong Tich Cave. At Huong Tich there are statues of deities, but many pilgrims come to get blessings from the stalactites and stalagmites, many of which are named and have special purposes. Many childless pilgrims seek fertility from Nui Co (the girl) and Nui Cau (the boy), while others visit stalactites and stalagmites thought to give prosperity. Pilgrims often gather under one particular stalactite, which resembles a breast, to catch drops of water in hopes of being blessed with health from the ‘milk’ of the 'breast'. Other names of stalactites and stalagmites include the Heap of Coins (Dun Tien), the Gold Tree, the Silver Tree, the Basket of Silkworms (Buong Tam), the Cocoon (Nong Ken) and the Rice Stack (Dun Gao).
Festival.
The main pilgrimage season at Chua Huong is during the Huong Pagoda festival, when hundreds of thousands of pilgrims make their way to Huong Tich cave and the other temples. The longest lasting festival in Vietnam, it officially begins on February 15 on the lunar calendar, but the peak in visitors lasts from the middle of January to the middle of March. The Festival is seen by some as a good opportunity for young people to find romance and begin courtships.
Many restaurants in Huong Pagoda kill and butcher wildlife including civits, deer, porcupine, wild pig and serve it as special, rare or expensive meat which is particularly popular during the festival period.
Popular culture.
Legends.
There are many legends about Chua Huong and its various pagodas. Huong Tich cave is an especially sacred place because "the legend says that Bodhisatva (Quan Am) went South and stayed at Huong Tich Pagoda in order to help save human souls." A stone at Phat Tich temple is said to be her preserved footprint.
References in literature.
One particular legend about Chua Huong has been preserved in a poem by Nguyen Nhuoc Phap. The poem tells the story of a girl who accompanied her father on pilgrimage to Chua Huong and found love while there. The following is a translated excerpt from the poem:
Much Vietnamese literature has made Chua Huong its focus, including the following song, written by Chu Manh Trinh:
Delights of Huong Son
Hoang Quy, a popular Vietnamese musician who lived in the early to mid-20th century, sang about the experience of visiting Chua Huong in his song ‘Huong Pagoda’:
A Very Famous Song By Trung Đức & Lyric By Nguyễn Nhược Pháp Has been a big song in the culture of Chua Huong 
Going To Chua Huong (Em Di Chua Huong) - Translated Version
"Yesterday i went to Chua Huong"
"Flowers are translucent mist"
"Also I see myself in the mirror"
"Small towel, high ponytail "
"I wear a silk undergarment"
"Pants comfortable, A new shirt"
"My hands carry Non Quai Thao"
"My feet in high shoes."
Going To Chua Huong (Em Di Chua Huong) - Un-Translated Version
"Hôm nay em đi chùa Hương" 
"Hoa cỏ còn mờ hơi sương" 
"Cùng thầy me em vấn đầu soi gương" 
"Khăn nhỏ, đuôi gà cao" 
"Em đeo giải yếm đào Quần lãnh, áo the mới" 
"Tay em cầm chiếc nón quai thao" 
"Chân em di đôi guốc cao cao" 

</doc>
<doc id="20555594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555594" title="LNWR Class F">
LNWR Class F

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Class F was a class of 2-8-0 steam locomotives in service between 1906 and 1928.
History.
George Whale had rebuilt 26 of the Class B compound 0-8-0s with the simple addition of a leading pony truck between 1904-1908 to what would from 1911 become Class E. However, from 1906 rebuilds of Class Bs were given a larger 5'2" diameter boilers, and ten were so rebuilt. To these was added a pair of rebuilds of Class Es (Nos 1038 in 1907 and 647 in 1908).
From 1921, the LNWR started rebuilding the Class Fs into Class G1 superheated 0-8-0s, and by the grouping of 1923, six had been rebuilt. The remaining six were allocated the LMS numbers 9610-5. The LMS rebuilt a further four to G1s, between 1923-5. The remaining pair were withdrawn in 1927 and 1928 without being rebuilt. None was preserved.
List of locomotives.
LMS numbers in parentheses were not carried prior to rebuilding as G1 or withdrawal.

</doc>
<doc id="20555630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555630" title="Balázs Fülei">
Balázs Fülei

Balázs Fülei was born in Kecskemét, Hungary 1984. He started to learn music at the age of eight, his first teacher was Katonáné Szabó Judit. In the Bartók Conservatory, Budapest, his professors were Gábor Eckhardt and Balázs Réti, then he made his diploma with honours at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, Budapest, 2008 in György Nádor, Márta Gulyás and Balázs Réti’s class. Balázs Fülei was an active participant in prof. Amadeus Webersinke, Florent Boffard, Ferenc Rados, Gábor Csalog, Norma Fischer, Zoltán Kocsis, Bertrand Ott, Jan Marisse Huizing, Jan Wijn, Boris Berman and György Kurtág's piano and chamber music courses. Balázs Fülei is living an active musical life as a concert pianist, he gave several concerts almost in every country in Europe, in China, Japan, Australia and in the United States. He was an artist of the International Miami Piano Festival, and the Ferruccio Busoni Festival. He won the 1st prize on the 10th Hungarian National Piano Competition, and in the Andor Földes Piano Competition of Liszt Academy of Music in 2003. He was the winner of the 43. "Arcangelo Speranza" International Piano Competition in Taranto Italy, May 2005, 3rd prize winner of the 25. International Piano Competition „Ettore Pozzoli” in Milan-Seregno in 2007. In 2007 Balázs Fülei got a special prize in the 13. International Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow. He was selected twice to the New Masters On Tour by The International Holland Music Sessions in The Netherlands and played in 2007 in the Concertgebouw, Diligentia Den Haag and other capitals in Europe. He performed in a DVD recording in May 2006 in Tokyo, Japan with the ballades of Chopin and Liszt, then made his New York debut in Carnegie Hall, 2008. Balázs Fülei plays chamber and contemporary music many times, he played world prémieres of Hungarian composers. He is an artist of the Starlet Music Management.
"The young Hungarian pianist Balázs Fülei is characterized by a high degree of musical professionalism, his delicate and profound performance penetrates the very substance of music" 

</doc>
<doc id="20555631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555631" title="St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences">
St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences

The St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences (German: "Fachhochschule St. Pölten") was founded in 1993 and has approximately 1,600 students enrolled. It currently offers 14 degree programmes.
Study opportunities comprise degree programmes and continuing education courses in the fields of Health and Social Sciences, Business, and Technology. These courses are both academically and vocationally oriented and include training in business administration, law, foreign languages, and interpersonal skills.
Students can choose to acquire international certificates, such as those offered by Cisco, Microsoft, and Cambridge. Work placements seek to ensure that they gain hands-on experience in the workplace before graduation.
Teaching is by lectures, laboratory work and small tutorial groups. Students carry out practical work and team projects. Among the facilities of the university are a library, state-of-the art video, computer, network and multimedia laboratories, and satellite equipment. The students run their own radio station, Campus Radio 94.4.
Study Programmes.
Social Sciences.
All study programmes are offered in the international Bachelor/Master system. As a participant in the Erasmus, Ceepus and Leonardo programmes, the university encourages students to spend a semester studying or working abroad. There is an exchange of students and lecturers with partner universities across Europe, in Latin America, and China.
General information.
Foundation.
Foundation of the Association for the Support of the Development of the Sankt Poelten University of Applied Sciences
Start of the Telecommunication and Media degree programme
Start of the Communications and Simulation Engineering, Media Management, and Social Work degree programmes
Awarded the legal designation 'University of Applied Sciences'
Reorganization of the Telecommunications and Media degree programme into Bachelor/Master study
Start of the Social Work Master degree programme
Reorganization of the Computer Simulation, Media Management and Social Work into Bachelor/Master degree programmes. Start of IT Security, Dietetics, Physiotherapy and Media and Communications Consulting degree programmes
Sankt Poelten University of Applied Sciences celebrates 10 years
Move to the new building at Matthias Corvinus-Straße
Start of the Telecommunications and Media Master degree programme, Media Technology Bachelor degree programme (formerly Telecommunications and Media) and Communications & Simulation Engingeering Bachelor degree programme (formerly Computer Simulation)
Official opening of the new campus with Federal President Dr. Heinz Fischer
Start of the Railway Infrastructure Technology degree programme
Start of the Information Security, Media Management and Social Work Master degree programme
Start of the Industrial Simulation Master degree programme
Start of the Media and Communications Consulting Master degree programme
Bachelor degree programme IT Security is now available as extra-occupational study<br>
Campus Radio 94.4.
The St. Pölten University of Applied Sciences offers its own radio station Campus Radio 94.4. There students learn how to run a radio station.
Campus TV.
Since May 2007 the students have had the possibility to work actively at an educational television transmitter named Campus TV, C-TV for short. The contributions are all provided from projects of students in the context of the Media Technology degree programme. C-TV is broadcast via internet stream, and rather every Tuesday evening via the Vienna regional cable TV channel Okto.
SUMO educational magazine.
SUMO is an educational magazine of the University of Applied Sciences. The students work on print media, get together in teams (Marketing, Editorial department, and Production) and acquire knowledge of professionals in business. A combination of theory and practical experiences seeks to ensure the quality of the magazine.
New university building.
With several new degree programmes about to commence and student admissions rising continually, the University is growing fast and has had to grapple with increasing problems of space. Since the Winter Term 2007 the Sankt Pölten University of Applied Sciences has been located in a new 14,300 square metre campus building.
The new university, designed by a team of Viennese architects and situated on an area of 8,560 square metres right next to the town centre, accommodate modern offices, lecture halls, studios, laboratories, and a library.
The foundation stone for the new university building was laid on March 23, 2006. The mayor of Sankt Poelten, local dignitaries and representatives of the university joined in the ceremony.
Infrastructure:
Institutes.
The research teams concerning content became institutes in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20555637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555637" title="1968 Torneo Descentralizado">
1968 Torneo Descentralizado

The 1968 Torneo Descentralizado was the 52nd season of the highest division of Peruvian football. Carlos A. Mannucci of Trujillo made its debut in the first division in this season.
Sporting Cristal and Juan Aurich were tied on points at the end of the season. An extra match was played to determine first place and consequently the champion of the season. Sporting Cristal won the play-off and became national champions.
At the bottom of the league, Centro Iqueño and Mariscal Sucre tied on points, sharing thirteenth and fourteenth place. They also played an extra match to determine the team to face relegation. Centro Iqueño won the relegation play-off and Mariscal Sucre were relegated from the division. Carlos A. Mannucci were relegated as the worst placed team outside of Lima and Callao.

</doc>
<doc id="20555647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555647" title="St Anne's Church, Moseley">
St Anne's Church, Moseley

St. Anne's Church, Park Hill, Moseley is a parish church in the Church of England located in Moseley, Birmingham.
History.
The church dates from 1874 and is by the architect Frederick Preedy, and is Grade II listed.
It was originally a separate parish, but is now part of a united benefice with St. Mary's Church, Moseley.
List of Vicars.
Patterns of Worship at St Anne's
Regular Sunday Worship
Patterns of Worship at St Mary's
Regular Sunday Worship
Weekday Worship
9.00am Morning Prayer
Organ.
The organ is by Brindley & Foster and dates from 1907. It was overhauled by Nicholson & Co (Worcester) Ltd in 1984. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register
The Organ has been sampled and is the instrument which is provided with the Hauptwerk Virtual Organ. 

</doc>
<doc id="20555653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555653" title="Detour to Hell">
Detour to Hell

Detour To Hell, (2006), 75-minutes. Produced by husband-and-wife team Ray Etheridge, and Migdalia Etheridge. Starring Josh Medeiros, Dan Alvarez, Karina Bonnefil, and Joel Levitt. Filmed in Miami-Dade County, Florida, on a micro-budget of only $5,000.
Exteriors were filmed on the grounds of Saint Thomas University, located in the city of Miami Gardens, Florida. The "exterior" of "BETSY'S CAFE" is actually a restaurant called "The Pit", located on the Tamiami Trail, in west Miami. "Detour To Hell" was showcased at the 2006 Miami Independent Film and Music Festival, and at the Delray Beach International Film Festival.
Plot.
Tourists enter the rural town of Shellby, but they never leave. A group of campers stop for lunch in a rural town, where it appears that everyone is involved in something very sinister.

</doc>
<doc id="20555657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555657" title="Ronny van Es">
Ronny van Es

Ronny van Es (born 22 May 1978 in Velsen, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer, who currently plays for AFC Amsterdam.
Career.
After his Portuguese adventure Van Es returned to his former club Stormvogels Telstar in 2004/2005. He went on a new foreign adventure in July 2007, when he signed a one year contract at the Greek club Panthrakikos with an option for another year. He made a good 2007–08 season helping his Greek club to promote. Although the success, he signed a new 2-year contract at Cyprus at AEP Paphos until 2010. On January 10, 2009 however he signed a contract and moved to Doxa Dramas. He left after a half year Doxa Dramas of Greece and signed in the Netherlands with AFC Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20555674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555674" title="Patrick McGoldrick">
Patrick McGoldrick

Patrick McGoldrick (12 August 1865 – 26 April 1939) was an Irish politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Donegal constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He was elected unopposed as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election. He was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD at the 1923 general election. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20555679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555679" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 2002">
Writers Guild of America Awards 2002

55th WGA Awards<br>
March 8, 2003
Best Adapted Screenplay: <br>
Best Original Screenplay: <br>
The 55th Writers Guild of America Awards, given in 2003, honored the film and television best writers of 2002.
Winners and nominees.
Film.
Best Original Screenplay.
'" "Bowling for Columbine" - Michael Moore
Best Adapted Screenplay.
"' "The Hours" - David Hare
Television.
Best Episodic Comedy.
'" "Frasier" - Bob Daily, Lori Kirkland and Dan O'Shannon for "Rooms With a View"
Best Episodic Drama.
'" "The Education of Max Bickford" - Dawn Prestwich and Nicole Yorkin for "Pilot"

</doc>
<doc id="20555688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555688" title="Ayenia compacta">
Ayenia compacta

Ayenia compacta is a species of shrub in the cacao family known by the common name California ayenia. It is native to the Sonoran Desert and surrounding ranges in California, Arizona, and Baja California. This is a small shrub producing many erect, branching stems up to 40 centimeters tall from a taproot. The sparse leaves are oval in shape and edged in dull teeth. The flowers appear in the leaf axils. Each has upcurled sepals in one layer and downcurled petals in a layer just above. Each petal has a threadlike claw. The capsule fruit is a purple-tinted yellow sphere about half a centimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="20555689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555689" title="Kazimierz Sikorski">
Kazimierz Sikorski

Kazimierz Sikorski (June 28, 1895 – July 23, 1986) was a Polish composer.
Biography.
Sikorski was born in Zurich, but studied in Warsaw, first music at the Warsaw Conservatory and then philosophy at the University of Warsaw. He then studied in Lwów, which was Polish at the time, and Paris. In 1926, he became a teacher of composition at the Conservatory of Poznań. From 1927 to 1945, he taught at the Warsaw Conservatory. He was rector of the State Higher School of Music in Łódź. From 1951 to 1966, he taught music theory and composition at the Music Academy Warsaw. During this time, he was president of the Polish Composers' Union. 
He received many awards and honours, including: the National Music Award (1935), the Order of Polonia Restituta (1937), State Award first and second degree (1951, 1955, 1964, 1966), the Award of the Polish Composers’ Union (1951, 1975), the Gold Cross of Merit (1952), Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (1955), the Banner of Labour Order, First Class (1960), the Jurzykowski Foundation Award (1981). He died in Warsaw, aged 91.
He was the father of the composer, Tomasz Sikorski.
Composition.
Sikorski composed four symphonies, a symphonic allegro, two overtures (1945, 1954), some instrumental concertos, of which the clarinet concerto (1947) is the most important, a string sextet, three string quartets, choral and film music, including the music for the film "Warsaw Premiere" (Polish: "Warszawska premiera"), for which he won a State Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20555700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555700" title="Are You Magnetic?">
Are You Magnetic?

"Are You Magnetic?" is the second single from Faker's second studio album "Be the Twilight", although not achieving the major success as "This Heart Attack", it was very favored on channels and TV shows such as Channel V "Hit Rater", MTV "My Pix", and Network Ten "Video Hits".

</doc>
<doc id="20555702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555702" title="William Hersey Otis Haliburton">
William Hersey Otis Haliburton

William Hersey Otis Haliburton (September 3, 1767 – July 7, 1829) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the town of Windsor from 1806 to 1811 and Hants County from 1811 to 1826.
He was born in Windsor, Nova Scotia, the son of William Haliburton and Susanna Otis. Haliburton studied law in Halifax and returned to Windsor to practice. He served as an officer in the local militia. In 1794, he married Lucy Chandler Grant. Haliburton married Susanna Davis, the daughter of Michael Francklin, in 1803 after the death of his first wife. He later served as chief justice of the Inferior Court of Common Pleas and was president of the Court of Quarter Sessions for the Middle Division until his death at Windsor at the age of 61.
His son Thomas Chandler Haliburton became an important Canadian author of his time.

</doc>
<doc id="20555703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555703" title="Sipahi Maqbool Hussain">
Sipahi Maqbool Hussain

Siphai Maqbool Hussain co-produced by ISPR and Interflow Communications Limited is a Pakistani miniseries, aired during the month of April 2008, simultaneously on TV One and PTV, that narrates the true story of a Pakistani soldier, Maqbool Hussain, who was injured and taken prisoner by the Indian Army in the 1965 war and spent 40 years in Indian jails. He was released as a civilian prisoner in 2005. During his imprisonment, Hussain was subjected to terrible human rights abuses. The drama pays tribute to Sepoy Maqbool Hussain as an icon of resilience and steadfastness.
Plot.
As the story unfolds, Maqbool Hussain, bearing army No 335139, is shown being hit by enemy fire on the Line of Control at the start of the 1965 war. Subsequently, he is taken prisoner by the Indian army, who deny him Prisoner of War status. Trained in the traditions of the Pakistan Army, Maqbool Hussain faces all the suffering and refuses to share any information about his country with his captors — so much so that when they cut out his tongue, he writes "Pakistan Zindabad" (long live Pakistan) in his own blood. Maqbool Hussain also becomes mentally ill during his four decades of incarceration.
The actual event.
Sepoy Maqbool Hussain of Azad Kashmir Regiment was declared missing on August 20, 1965 during Operation Gibraltar in Srinagar Area, his relatives said. He was understood to be have been martyred. Forty years later, he crossed the Wagah border in exchange for civilian prisoners. A far cry from the tall, well-built soldier he once was, mentally disoriented, was presumed to be a fisherman like the rest of the group who returned with him. On the homecoming of the soldier, neither his parents, nor his brother of Tarrar Khal on September 17, were in this world to receive him. In his saner moments, he kept writing "No.335139" whenever he was questioned about his identity. Weeks later, officials, realizing the significance of the number, handed him over to the military, under whose care he has been for the past two years. Now he is spending his life under the high attention, and love of Pak Army.
Director's comments.
Director Haider Imam Rizvi, who has dozens of popular television plays and serials to his credit, told the gathering he and his team had been reduced to tears several times during the filming of the poignant scenes in the drama serial. "In my opinion, the production of 'Sipahi Maqbool Hussain' is more significant than all the 40 serials that I have produced in my entire career," Rizvi said.

</doc>
<doc id="20555711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555711" title="My Way de Solzen">
My Way de Solzen

My Way De Solzen is 12-year-old bay gelding racehorse, who began his racing career trained in France by A. Lamotte D'Argy.
Racing career.
2004/5.
He made his first start in 2 mile 1 furling chase at Dieppe, where he was pulled up. After his second race, he was sold to new connections and sent to England to be trained by Alan King. 
He made his British debut on November 15, 2004 at Leicester, where he won a 2 mile Class D Novices hurdle under jockey, Robert Thornton. After winning his second race a month on at Bangor, My Way De Solzen was stepped up in class, where he contested the Grade 1 Tolworth Hurdle at Sandown, finishing fifth. In his debut season in Britain (2004-2005), he went on to contest top Novice Hurdle races at both the Cheltenham and Aintree Festivals, where he finished a distant 15th in the Supreme Novices' Hurdle and a 6 length 2nd in the Mersey Novices Hurdle, respectively.
2005/6.
It was the following season (2005-2006), where My Way De Solzen began to shine. He began the season finished 2nd to St. Matthew in a Handicap Hurdle at Haydock in November. Then, when stepped up to 3 miles for he first time, he ran out a 5 length winner of the Long Walk Hurdle at Chepstow in December 2005. In his prep run for the Cheltenham Festival, he came home a comfortable 9 length winner of the National Spirit Hurdle at Fontwell. He then went on to contest the 2006 World Hurdle at Cheltenham, where he was sent off an 8/1 chance. He stayed on strongly up the hill to deny the Mick Halford trained Golden Cross by a head, and in the process securing his first victory at the Cheltenham Festival. In his final appearance of the season, he finished a 7 length second to Mighty Man in the Liverpool Hurdle at Aintree.
2006/7.
My Way De Solzen reappeared in the 2006-2007 season in the Grade 2 John Smith's Hurdle at Wetherby in October. He was sent off a 4/9 chance, but could only finish second when trying to give 8 pounds in weight to the winner, Redemption. 
His trainer, Alan King, then decided to embark on a novice chasing campaign that season, and My Way De Solzen began with a 14 length victory in a Lingfield Beginners Chase. He was stepped straight up in class, where he contested the Grade 2 Henry VIII Novices Chase at Sandown, where he was sent off an odds on 4/7 chance, but could only finish second to Fair Along. He, however regained the winning thread in his next two races, winning Grade 2 Beginner's Chases at Cheltenham and Haydock respectively. Following this, he was sent off the 7/2 2nd favourite for the Arkle Challenge Trophy at Cheltenham, where he was a most impressive 5 length winner under jockey, Robert Thornton. After a long season, Alan King put his gelding away for the season and began to prepare him for the 2007-2008 season.
2007/8.
He began the 2007-2008 season, with connections dreaming of the Cheltenham Gold Cup and started off in the 2007 Betfair Chase, where he was unable to trouble the odds on favourite Kauto Star and eventually finished 5th. Connections, however, were not too disheartened and were sure their gelding would come on for the run when he contested the Grade 1 King George VI Chase at Cheltenham. He was sent off 13/2 3rd favourite behind odds on favourite Kauto Star and Exotic Dancer. But he never managed to get into the race and was eventually pulled up. 
Alan King then reverted him back to hurdles for the remainder of the season, but My Way De Solzen was still unable to regain the winning thread, finishing 2nd in the National Spirit Hurdle, and 5th and 6th respectively in the World Hurdle at Cheltenham in March and the Aintree Hurdle in April.

</doc>
<doc id="20555724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555724" title="OpenXPKI">
OpenXPKI

The OpenXPKI project aims at creating an enterprise-grade Open Source PKI software. Flexibility and modularity are the project's key design objectives.
Design.
OpenXPKI is mostly written in Perl. The software is separated into a server process and several client implementations which communicate with the server via Unix Domain Sockets. 
One of these client implementations is a web frontend that allows users to access the OpenXPKI system using a web browser. A different client implements a SCEP server.
The OpenXPKI server mainly consists of a toolbox that provides the core cryptographic functions and a workflow engine that allows to define workflows implementing the PKI processes.
Key features.
Multiple CA instances.
OpenXPKI supports the configuration of multiple independent logical PKIs (aka "PKI Realms") in one single application instance. This allows for configuration e. g. of a Root CA and one or more subordinate CAs within one single installation.
Fully automatic CA rollover.
Within a logical PKI (PKI Realm) OpenXPKI provides the possibility to configure multiple Issuing CAs with overlapping validity. Once a new Issuing CA becomes valid it automatically takes over for issuing new certificates. This feature allows for a fully automatic CA rollover where administrators do not have to take down and reconfigure the whole PKI installation once a CA certificate is about to expire.
Workflow engine.
OpenXPKI utilizes a workflow engine that allows to modify and extend the basic operation of the PKI (e. g. certificate request and approval). Customizing the behaviour of the system is often accomplished by modifying the workflow description in XML format.
In addition the workflow engine makes it possible to extend the system with customized workflows.
OpenXPKI includes some standard workflows e. g. for requesting X.509 Digital Certificates and issuing Certificate Revocation Lists that can easily be customized to model the actual PKI processes.
By adding new workflow definitions it is possible to extend the PKI system.
Infrastructure key protection.
To protect the private keys of the Certificate Authority and its subsystems, OpenXPKI natively supports secret sharing via Shamir's Secret Sharing algorithm.
An even higher security level can be achieved by protecting the private keys with a Hardware Security Module. OpenXPKI currently supports nCipher's nShield Hardware Security Module.
Ticketing system integration.
OpenXPKI provides built-in integration with the RT Request Tracker. It can automatically create and link tickets in the ticketing system for incoming certificate requests and thus allows Registration Officers to keep track of their workload.
Internationalization.
OpenXPKI fully supports Internationalization and localization of its interfaces.
Alternative cryptography.
It is possible to extend the cryptographic backend for non-western cryptography. Support for Russian national algorithms (GOST) as an example of foreign cryptography is already included.
System requirements.
OpenXPKI runs on most Unix-like operating systems (verified on FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris/OpenSolaris and Mac OS X).
Database backends exist for MySQL, PostgreSQL, the Oracle Database and IBM DB2.

</doc>
<doc id="20555739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555739" title="Uncial 0284">
Uncial 0284

Uncial 0284 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 8th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 26:75-27:7; 27:9-11.13-17; 28:15-18.20, on 2 parchment leaves (). The text is written in two columns per page, 29 lines per page, in uncial letters. The leaves have survived in a fragmentary condition. It is a palimpsest.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery at Sinai in May 1975, during the restoration work. 
Currently the codex is housed at the St. Catherine's Monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 48) in Sinai.

</doc>
<doc id="20555742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555742" title="Joseph McGinley">
Joseph McGinley

Joseph P. McGinley was an Irish Sinn Féin politician and medical practitioner. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Donegal constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He was elected unopposed as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election. He did not contest the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20555743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555743" title="Franz Macoun">
Franz Macoun

Franz Macoun (b. 1881, d. 1951) was a German Social Democratic trade unionist and politician from the Czech Lands. He joined the Social Democratic Party in 1899. From 1903 onwards he was trade union organizer. Between 1920 to 1938 he served as the General Secretary of the Central Commission of German Trade Unions in the Czechoslovak Republic. Between 1929 and 1938 he was a member of the Czechoslovak National Assembly, on behalf of the German Social Democratic Workers Party in the Czechoslovak Republic. In 1938 he was arrested, following the German occupation of Czechoslovakia. In 1947 he emigrated from Prague to Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20555794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555794" title="Julian Taylor (surgeon)">
Julian Taylor (surgeon)

Professor Julian Taylor, C.B.E., M.S., F.R.C.S., Hon.F.R.A.C.S. (26 January 1889 to 15 April 1961) was a specialist in neurological surgery, Senior Surgeon at University College Hospital, a former Vice-President of the Royal College of Surgeons and later Professor of Surgery at the University of Khartoum.
Born in St. John's Wood, London, his father was the artist Edward Ingram Taylor and his mother, Margaret Boole, came from a family of mathematicians (his aunt was Alicia Boole Stott and his grandfather was George Boole). His brother was the physicist Sir Geoffrey Ingram Taylor OM. Educated at University College School and University College Hospital, he qualified in 1911, an immediate disciple of Wilfred Trotter, one of the pioneers in neurosurgery, graduated M.B.,B.S., with honours in medicine in the following year and took the F.R.C.S. in 1914.
"At a time when his contemporaries in other military areas were becoming major generals and achieving knighthoods, Taylor was a prisoner of war in Changi Prison camp, struggling with unspeakable conditions and lack of antiseptics and anaesthetics, with 2,500 wounded soldiers, 500 compound fractures, septicaemia, dysentery, avitaminosis, making artificial limbs out of aluminium fan blades and Thomas knee-splints. He tells the heart-rending story, without comment, in Chapter 25 of the volume on 'Surgery' in the History of the Second World War, United Kingdom Medical Services. When he came back to England from the prison camp his malnutrition was such that he broke both his arms on arrival."

</doc>
<doc id="20555795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555795" title="Matthew Alexander">
Matthew Alexander

Matthew Alexander may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20555805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555805" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 2001">
Writers Guild of America Awards 2001

54th WGA Awards<br>
March 2, 2002
Best Adapted Screenplay: <br>
Best Original Screenplay: <br>
The 54th Writers Guild of America Awards, given in 2002, honored the film and television best writers of 2001.
Winners and nominees.
Film.
Best Adapted Screenplay.
'" "A Beautiful Mind" - Akiva Goldsman
Best Original Screenplay.
"' "Gosford Park" - Julian Fellowes
Television.
Best Episodic Comedy.
"' "Everybody Loves Raymond" - Philip Rosenthal for "Italy: Parts 1 and 2"
Best Episodic Drama.
'" "The Sopranos" - Timothy Van Patten and Terence Winter for "Pine Barrens"
Best Long Form - Original.
'" "Conspiracy" - Loring Mandel 

</doc>
<doc id="20555827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555827" title="Catherine of Vendôme">
Catherine of Vendôme

Catherine de Vendôme (1354 – 1 April 1412), countess of Vendôme and of Castres (1372–1403) was a French noblewoman of the House of Montoire. She was the daughter of John VI of Vendôme and Jeanne of Ponthieu.
Marriage.
In 1364 she married John I, Count of La Marche and they had:
She inherited Vendôme on the death of her niece Jeanne and administered it jointly with her husband, then (after his death) with her second son Louis until 1403.

</doc>
<doc id="20555828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555828" title="Tomotaka Kitamura">
Tomotaka Kitamura

Club career stats.
As of 20 February 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20555848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555848" title="Denon dl103">
Denon dl103

Denon DL103 is a MC (moving coil) phono cartridge made by DENON company.
The DL103 was designed for professional broadcast use in 1962 using the arms and turntables of the day. Production has continued uninterrupted since then. There are available different versions upgraded by other companies or individuals involved in DIY audio
Technical Specification.
Despite being designed in the 1960s it is still one of the masterpieces in audio technology and can easily compete with contemporary constructions. Due to its construction, Denon DL-103 is recommended as one of the very few cartridges suitable for heavy tonearms. (like in Lenco or Garrard turntables)
As a low-output phono cartridge it requires either a step up transformer for a standard MM phono preamp, or phono preamp with built-in MC input.

</doc>
<doc id="20555849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555849" title="Wilfried Maaß">
Wilfried Maaß

Wilfried Maaß (1931–2005) was a German politician. He was the Secretary of Science, Education and Culture in the Frankfurt/Oder District Leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany 1962–1966. In 1966 he became Deputy Minister of Culture of the German Democratic Republic. Between 1968 and 1972 he was a member of the presidium council of the "Kulturbund". In 1984 he left his ministerial position, to become the Secretary of "Kulturbund".

</doc>
<doc id="20555850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555850" title="K-238 (Kansas highway)">
K-238 (Kansas highway)

K-238 is a short north–south state highway in northeast Kansas connecting US 36 near Elwood to Rosecrans Memorial Airport in Missouri. Although the highway is located in Kansas it was needed to connect St. Joseph, Missouri with its airport. Prior to a flood in 1952 the city and its airport were on the same side of the Missouri river. Missouri supplemental route OO in Buchanan County had previously linked the two After the flood the Army Corps of Engineers proposed a plan to rechannel the river into a less flood prone course by removing the oxbow bend around the airport. The city of St. Joseph agreed to the plan, which included construction of this highway, even though it would separate the city from the airport.[http://www.omahariverfront.com/resources/river_floods/mizzrvr_floods.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20555859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555859" title="Bishop of Down and Dromore">
Bishop of Down and Dromore

The Bishop of Down and Dromore is the Ordinary of the Church of Ireland Diocese of Down and Dromore in the Province of Armagh. The diocese is situated in the north east of Ireland, which includes all of County Down, about half of the city of Belfast, and some parts of County Armagh east of the River Bann.
Until 1945, the sees of Down, Connor and Dromore were united under one bishop. On 1 January 1945, they were separated into the bishopric of Connor and the bishopric of Down & Dromore.
The current Incumbent is the Right Reverend Harold Miller, Bishop of Down and Dromore, who was elected by the Church of Ireland House of Bishops on 18 February 1997 and consecrated at St Patrick's Church of Ireland Cathedral, Armagh on 25 April 1997. The bishop's official residence is The See House, 32 Knockdene Park South, Belfast.

</doc>
<doc id="20555866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555866" title="John of Valois, Count of Montpensier">
John of Valois, Count of Montpensier

John of Berry (1363–1401), count of Montpensier (1386–1401), was a French nobleman. He was the son of John, Duke of Berry, and of Joanna of Armagnac. He had no children and predeceased his father.
He married twice

</doc>
<doc id="20555868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555868" title="Steve Suter">
Steve Suter

Steve Suter (born June 26, 1982 in Manchester, Maryland) is an American former football player. He played as wide receiver and return specialist for the Maryland Terrapins and also briefly played Canadian football for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He gained fame for his explosive returning ability and elusiveness. Despite Suter's career being plagued and finally cut short by injuries, he set multiple NCAA, conference, and school records.
Early years.
Steve Suter was born to George and Lynn Suter. He attended North Carroll High School in Hampstead, Maryland, where he rushed for over 4,000 career yards. During his senior year in 1999, he rushed for 1,748 yards and 19 touchdowns. He was ranked #8 in the state of Maryland for rushing and named as a "USA Today" honorable mention All-American, Prepstar all-region, first-team all-state, and "Baltimore Sun" All-Metro player.
College career.
Suter spent his freshman year in 2000 on redshirt status. In 2001, he saw minor action in the first four games before breaking an index finger.
In 2002, Suter played in all 14 games as a first-string slot receiver and started in the 2003 Peach Bowl as an X-receiver. Suter returned four punts for touchdowns: against Akron (81 yards), West Virginia (80 yards), Duke (63 yards), and North Carolina (77 yards). He was twice selected as the ACC Specialist of the Week for his performances at Duke and North Carolina. On his second career carry, he scored on a 61-yard run against N.C. State and was named as the ACC Offensive Back of the Week. Against , Suter's career-first touchdown reception was from Scott McBrien for 91 yards, which was one yard shy of the school record 92-yard reception set by Ed Bolton and Stan Lavine in 1949. During the Peach Bowl against Tennessee, he made his first career start as a receiver and returned a punt and shook four tackles to pick up 79-yards.
Suter set the NCAA records for single-season punt returns with 56 and kick returns with 78, and tied the NCAA record for punt return touchdowns. He fell just 20 yards short of an NCAA record for punt return yards. "The Sporting News" and CNN Sports Illustrated named him to the All-American second-team, and the conference named him to the All-ACC first-team as a return specialist.
In 2003, Suter started in 10 games and played in two more, much of the time battling a lateral meniscus tear in his left knee. He returned two punts for touchdowns: against The Citadel he broke two tackles for a 75-yard score and in the 2004 Gator Bowl he ran 77-yards for a touchdown against West Virginia. During that game, he also earned the number-one spot on the ESPN SportsCenter "Play of the Day" feature, for a diving reception in which he tipped the ball before pulling it in as he fell to the ground in a tangle with cornerback Lance Frazier. Suter was again named to the All-ACC first-team as a specialist in 2003. Suter also set records in the weight room: he broke the school's all-time wide receiver highs for strength index (768), squat (580-lb), clean (352-lb), and vertical jump (42-in).
Suter had a solid, though not extraordinary, 2004 season during a down year for the Terps. He accumulated 270 receiving, 163 return, and 31 rushing yards. His drop-off in performance can be attributed to his knee injury in particular, which reduced his quickness. He broke the ACC record for career punt return yards with 1,271.
During his college career, Suter accumulated 10 touchdowns, six of which were on punt returns. He was one punt return touchdown shy of making the all-time NCAA record a four-way tie. He also suffered several injuries which required five surgeries, four of which were on his knees. Suter never fair caught a ball, and said in 2002, "I don't see the need for fair catches ... If someone is in my face, I'll catch it and fall forward for 2 yards, and we've got 2 yards we didn't have if I had fair-caught it."
Statistics.
Sources: 
Professional career.
Undersized even for college football, Suter was passed over in the 2005 NFL Draft. He attended the Washington Redskins try-outs before signing as a free-agent for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League on 16 May 2005.
With the Tiger-Cats, Suter saw action in just two games. While in the CFL, he returned four kick-offs for 112 yards, four punts for 16 yards, and a missed field goal attempt for 20 yards. He injured his shoulder during the season-opener against the Montreal Alouettes and subsequently missed the next five games. In his second game, he broke his collar bone against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. After the 2006 training camp, he was released from the team due to his injuries.
Coaching career.
After the end of his playing career, Suter returned home and took a job at the Scott McBrien Passing Academy in Rockville, Maryland. At the training camp, he is a wide receivers coach for youth and high school players. There, he works alongside former Maryland teammates Scott McBrien and Scooter Monroe. The eponymous football camp was founded by former quarterback McBrien who stated, "A lot of kids who aren’t necessarily that big size or well known don't get looks from college coaches ... Lots of these kids have the talent to be very successful at the college level and we’re trying to promote that ... We’re trying to help kids in Steve position."

</doc>
<doc id="20555879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555879" title="Suomen huippumalli haussa (cycle 2)">
Suomen huippumalli haussa (cycle 2)

Cycle two of "Suomen huippumalli haussa" () began filming in autumn 2008 and began airing 13 April 2009 at 20.00 on the Finnish channel Nelonen. The prize for the winner was a contract with Paparazzi Model Management, the front cover of Finnish Cosmopolitan and becoming the new spokesperson for Max Factor. Nanna Grundfeldt won the competition, with Riina Roms and Anna-Kaisa Tyrväinen sharing second place. Grundfeldt is the first out lesbian to win any of the over 30 versions of Top Model around the world, including the original. 
Self-proclaimed supermodel Janice Dickinson was a guest judge on the show for episode seven. She was in Helsinki for filming in November 2008. Tommi Kilponen, of Finland's version of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy, is this cycle's stylist.
Episode summaries.
Premiere.
Original air date: April 13, 2009
20 semi finalists are chosen for casting and an Andiamo runway show to compete for being contestants. There were supposed to be 10 final contestants but the panel (Anne Kukkohovi, Saimi Hoyer and Sakari Majantie) decided to take 11 instead.
Makeovers.
Original air date: April 20, 2009
The girls move into their new house and get a visit from Anne Kukkohovi and then a catwalk lesson by drag queen Jarkko Valtee. The girls then get makeovers. The week's photoshoot is for a DNA campaign in which the girls are dressed as chess pieces. The girls either play the white or black queen with the winner expressing pride and the loser expressing anger. 
Skunk Girls.
""'Original air date: April 27, 2009
This week's theme is health. The girls do a photoshoot for the Skunk Girl collection by Tiia Vanhatapio for the www.fressis.fi anti-smoking campaign. The following day, a personal trainer comes to visit and does a body assessment of the models and a workout with Nike gear. Next, a nutritionist visits the model house and gives the challenge of preparing a healthy snack. Nanna wins the challenge and chooses Laura, who had earlier hurt her leg. The reward is a day at the spa, but due to the injury, Laura cannot go, so Nanna chooses Blanche to go instead. The rest of the girls must clean up the house. The final assignment is filming Nelonen "Jatkuu" segments, which in Finnish television are seen before and after commercial breaks.
Girls That Fight.
""'Original air date: May 4, 2009
Tensions in the house rise up especially when everyone thinks that Blanche wants to be the centre of attention. The girls go to a dance studio to practice movement. Janina wins the challenge and chooses Laura and Nanna to share in her prize: designing personalised Nike sneakers. The week's photoshoot is for Nike where the models must jump on a trampoline all the while showing body control. As it turned out, the first six models' photos did not come out, so they had to do it over again. Although Blanche is seen to be the diva in the house, Ida's non-presence in the competition leads to her elimination. 
Girls That Have The Look.
""'Original air date: May 11, 2009
The week starts with the girls receiving a Polaroid camera to practice taking beauty shots. Judge Saimi Hoyer drops by and gives critiques and advice on the Polaroids. Next comes a lesson in make-up, in which the challenge is to prepare an evening look in 10 minutes. Blanche wins the make-up challenge and chooses Anastassia and Suvi to join in her prize: an evening with socialite queen of Finland Kaarina Kivilahti with champagne and caviar served with blinis. The photo shoot for the week is for a Max Factor campaign with an emphasis on intensity in the face. For the photo shoot, the models are wearing the Pisto summer collection by Annika Rantala. After the shoot, the girls model the collection in a boutique fashion show. At elimination, Anastassia is criticised for not being versatile, only having one expression, and is sent home. Immediately after elimination, Anne Kukkohovi gives the girls a hint that they should pack their bags for a trip. 
The Girl That Got A Boy For A Gift.
""'Original air date: May 18, 2009
The girls head off to Paris and meet model and artist Sanna Saastamoinen. In Paris, they go for casting at modeling agency Metropolitan. Afterwards, they meet with an actor claiming to be a modeling agency representative. The actor meets with each girl giving them harsh criticisms, then reveals that it was a test to see how much negative criticism they can stand. Back home, Anna-Kaisa gets a surprise visit from her little son Joose. The week's photo shoot is for Frozn chewing gum and the girls are asked to express their true selves and write a message, expressing the message in the black and white advertisement. Even though she didn't deliver in the photo, Riina was given a third chance and Blanche, who was hoping to make it to the top five, was eliminated.
The Girls And The Disastrous Dinner.
""'Original air date: May 25, 2009
The models go to a photo shoot for the chameleon line of Bellinger eyewear where they must pose with a live chameleon. The product manager chooses Nanna as the best and rewards her with a €500 Synsam gift card. At home, the girls receive Anne Mail stating that they will have a special international guest. After guessing Tyra Banks and Miss J. Alexander, Janice Dickinson shows up at the front door. During her visit, Janice yells at Janina for being a slob and praises Suvi for being perfect. At dinner, where wine is served, Janice is becoming more and more incomprehensible. She leaves the table and falls down the stairs, screaming that her right leg and head are in pain. Janice demands that the girls call an ambulance, all the while yelling that the models are stupid and don't do anything but pose. The hospital claims that there are no visible injuries and there is no need to admit her. The next day, Janice returns to the house asking for forgiveness for her behavior. She claims to have accidentally taken a sleeping aid instead of vitamin c before dinner, which, when mixed with champagne, had a vulgar effect on her. The next photo shoot is a spread for Finnish fashion magazine Gloria, in which the models are wearing expensive jewelry. During elimination, Janice suggests that Riina cut off her hair and that Laura is just a catalogue model. 
The Girl Who Got A Hair Cut.
""'Original air date: June 1, 2009
The girls travel to Gran Canaria. At first the girls are unimpressed by their surroundings, but are wowed by their luxurious hotel. Stylist Tommy Kilponen arrives with clothing from Vero Moda that they must divide between each other. Later in the evening, the girls are welcomed by the owner of the hotel and receive mail from their tourist guide telling them they will have a tour of the island the next day. During the tour, the girls meet up with judge Saimi Hoyer at a church in a small town and challenges the girls: they must walk on a cobblestone street for as long as they can with raw eggs taped to their heels. To everyone's surprise, Nanna wins the challenge despite having previously struggled with her walk. Later that night per Janice Dickenson's suggestion, Riina has her hair cut into a short bob. The following day, the girls have a photo shoot by the pool with a male model called Hector. Janina developed a bit of a crush on the model but her photos turned out sub par, while Nanna produced good photos despite being nervous about having to look sexy while posing with a man. In the end, Riina and Nanna were chosen as the best of the day and each received a jewelry prize. The following day, the girls have another photo shoot for Bonaqua on sand dunes, despite almost getting hit by a rainstorm. At elimination, Suvi receives criticism for her lack of contact and body control, Anna-Kaisa was seen as being too safe and Janina was found to be good in front of the camera but not necessarily a model. After a brief complaint from Janina that the judges have been forgiving Suvi too much in wake of her shy demeanor, the judges decide to send both Suvi and Janina home.
Girls Fit For A Funeral.
""'Original air date: June 8, 2009
Still in Gran Canaria, the models meet one on one with Anne. Anne asks each girl what they think about the competition and how they are doing. The final three then head off to do a group photo in which they are portraying funeral goers, dressed in black. When getting of the bus, Nanna trips on her high heels and falls, ripping her stockings, however doesn't get hurt. The girls then head off for a fun night at an amusement park. The week's photo shoot is a 1930s sepia tone look with a male model shooting the girls with an antique camera. Problems occur when the photographer is not pleased with the look of the male model that arrives. The modeling agency quickly finds a replacement with whom the photographer is satisfied. After the assignment, the girls get Anne Mail saying that elimination will be in back Finland. Back home, the final three discover how empty the house is without the other girls. After a tough deliberation, and Nanna and Riina being in the bottom two, Anne announces that all the girls will be in the finals. 
The Girl For The Cosmopolitan Cover!
""'original air date 15 June 2009
The final three reminisce about their journey to the finale. The models first go to a photoshoot for their comp cards. Next they meet with Finnish Cosmopolitan to shoot for the cover. At final judging, the judges express that each model in her own right is deserving of being in the top three. Finland's Next Top Model is chosen based on her personality and, according to that Saimi Hoyer, the very first impression that was given at Top Model casting: Nanna.

</doc>
<doc id="20555890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555890" title="Trail, British Columbia">
Trail, British Columbia

Trail is a city in the West Kootenay region of the Interior of British Columbia, Canada. It was named after the Dewdney Trail, which passed through the area.
Geography.
Trail has an area of . The city is located on both banks of the Columbia River, approximately 10 km north of the United States border. This section of the Columbia River valley is located between the Monashee Mountains to the west and the Selkirk Mountains to the east. The Columbia flows directly north-south from Castlegar, turns east near downtown Trail, and then meets the Canada–United States border at Waneta and the Pend d'Oreille River.
Summer climate in Trail is generally hot and dry with moderately cool nights. Temperatures often exceed 35 °C during summer afternoons, average 29 °C. Thunderstorms are common during the late-Spring and Summer season, often moving into the valley from the south. The fall months brings dense river fog, especially during the overnight and morning hours, as a cold air inversion lingers above the relatively warm river surface. Winters are mild to cold with periods of moderate snowfall. Nearby villages such as Warfield and Fruitvale often receive greater amounts of snow due to higher elevation.
The Monashee Mountains are the first major mountain range east the Coastal Mountains to intercept moisture laden westerly flow from the Pacific Ocean. As a result, areas west of Trail, including the Christina Range, Rossland Range, the city of Rossland, and the Blueberry-Paulson section of the Crowsnest Highway (Highway 3) receive greater amounts of winter precipitation, mostly in the form of heavy snow. Vegetation in the Trail area, although fairly lush, is noticeably drier than other areas with a more westerly aspect.
Demographics.
According to Statistics Canada, Trail's population was 7,320 during the Canada 2001 Census.
The city is also noted for its large Italian community. There are 1,385 people in Trail with Italian ancestry (18.9%).
Education and employment.
Trail is the location of the head office of the Kootenay Boundary Regional District, which is one of the city's employers.
Trail is part of School District 20 Kootenay-Columbia and schools in the town include:
School district.
The school district in the Greater Trail area is focused on improving the district and schools and has a focused, well organized improvement plans in place. The strategies selected to achieve the goals are a blend of research, best practice, and innovative thinking. The district has implemented numerous strategies to support schools in improving student learning. Most schools have comprehensive, innovative and research-based strategies to meet the goals.
In 2007, the J. Lloyd Crowe Secondary School Replacement program started the construction of a new facility in Trail to replace the existing school that was built in the late 1950s. The new facility opened in September 2009.
Education.
Trail’s statistics differ sharply from that of the province in the percentage of the population aged 45–64 with a trades certificate or diploma: Trail—26%, compared to BC—14%. This is directly attributable to Teck Cominco and the diversified mining and metals company's presence in the area. The percentage of this age group with a university level education is also very different: Trail—12%, compared to BC—22%. The general picture is a working population heavily geared to the trades and historically very reliant on Teck Cominco for employment.
Economic situation.
Employing approximately 1,800 people, Teck Resources is the region’s largest employer. The average age of an employee at Teck Resources' Trail operation is 47. It is anticipated that within 15 years Teck Resources' Trail operation will have a completely new and different labour force. A younger and perhaps more technical labour force will most likely replace those that are retiring. The big picture for the area is one of an aging population which brings about ongoing employment opportunities in the area. This is evidence based on the improved housing sales in the years between 2005 to 2007, making the Greater Trail area a target destination for people looking for better quality of life in a smaller community setting.
The City of Trail is also home to the largest hospital in the West Kootenay region.
Attractions.
Trail Memorial Centre & Sports Hall of Memories.
The Trail Memorial Centre currently plays host to the Trail & District Public Library, the Trail Smoke Eaters hockey team, the Trail Museum, and the Sports Hall of Memories, in addition to many local sports facilities. This historic landmark, located at 1051 Victoria Street, was home to two world championship Smoke Eaters teams.
The Trail Memorial Centre is a hub of civic activity year-round, and has been a focal point of the community since its inception.
River Activities and Music in the Park at Gyro Park in Trail.
Located at 1090 Charles Lakes Drive in East Trail on the route to Sunningdale, Gyro Park is the home to Music in the Park during the summer. Listen to the melodic tunes under the gazebo in Gyro Park, where visitors enjoy live music Thursdays in July and August. During long hot summer days, Gyro Park is extremely popular with locals and visitors to the area who enjoy a day at the beach.
"The Onions" and other popular river currents that wind between the rocks on the East banks of the Columbia River, are a popular summer magnet for river activity. Often, throughout the summer, an abundance of avid swimmers and rapid paddlers with a deep respect of the Columbia River dare to navigate the frosty swift waters to ride the waves, such as the local favorite "Onions" river current at Gyro Park beach.
Teck Cominco Interpretive Centre.
Trail is home to the largest non-ferrous lead and zinc smelter in the world and visitors can learn more about the areas largest employer by taking the 2.5 hour industrial tour of the Cominco smelter which can be arranged in the Teck Cominco interpretive centre through the Trail & District Chamber of Commerce office located above the Toronto-Dominion Bank, in the heart of downtown Trail. This centre is the starting point for the free tours beginning at 10 am, Monday to Friday during the summer; by appointment from September to May. Learn about the plants' operations in the mini-science centre featuring hands-on exhibits for the whole family.
View video presentations and displays which exhibit sophisticated environmental monitoring systems installed in the Trail area by Teck Cominco. Other presentations illustrate the history of Cominco's Trail smelting operations and provide information on career opportunities in the industry.
The Historic Gulch.
In the early 1900s a large influx of Italian immigrants lent a distinctive character to "The Gulch" which is located at the entrance to Trail accessed by the Schofield Highway which drops down the long grade down from the city of Rossland and the village of Warfield and sub-division of Annabel onto Rossland Avenue.
This neighbourhood which runs the length of Rossland Avenue is known as "the Gulch." Originally called the "Dublin Gulch" in the very early days, it eventually became known as "The Gulch" as it filled up with Italians who chose not to live on the original Trail townsite. The Gulch starts as throat of Trail Creek narrows between the high, sandy slope of Smelter Hill on its left bank and the West Trail bank where early pioneer houses were built by immigrants as the purchased properties along the west bank steep terrain.
In the early pioneer days, industrious Chinese launderers and cooks spent time gardening in the defile of the Gulch. Few of these immigrants ever acquired rights to own land in the Gulch and their gardens were gradually displaced by Italians and other European working families who terraced their properties into level plots. Despite the steep terrain, these immigrant families planted vegetable gardens reminiscent of the old country, fed by plenty of water from Trail Creek and the hot summer sun.
The Gulch is home to shops and the Terra Nova hotel, located at the entrance to Trail’s central business district at the foot of Rossland Avenue.
Famous natives and Home of Champions.
The Greater Trail Area is known as the "Home of Champions", in recognition of those who reside in the area, or are from the area, and have excelled in their chosen field of endeavour.
In 1995, Kootenay Savings Credit Union was seeking a project that would represent their commitment and appreciation to the Greater Trail community. The Credit Union decided to sponsor the construction of a monument which was constructed in the summer of 1996 outside their offices in Trail's downtown that would honour the "Champions" of the Greater Trail area in Sports, Industry and Lifestyle.
A society was formed to establish criteria for selection of the persons to be honoured on the monument. The monument was constructed in the summer of 1996 and forty-three champions were selected to be honoured at the inaugural dedication ceremony which took place on September 28, 1996. To date, eighty-nine individuals and organizations have been honoured with a place on the Home of Champions monument.
The Home of Champions monument project is an ongoing one, managed by the City of Trail. Additional persons will be honoured regularly for their special contribution to the social, cultural, economic and educational fabric of the community.
Trail smelter arbitration.
In 1927, a smelter in Trail was polluting, via smoke deposition, farmlands south of the border in the United States. The US initially agreed to bring the issue before the International Joint Commission. A 1931 report the IJC recommended Canada compensate the United States for a sum of $350,000 to the farmers, the US rejected the offer. In 1935 the two countries agreed to arbitration, in which Canada again offered to compensate the US $350,000 for all damages caused before 1932. In April 1938, after extensive expert assessments, the tribunal acknowledged that the smelter had caused damage after 1932. Then in 1941, it held that "no State has the right to use or permit the use of its territory in such a manner as to cause injury by fumes in or to the territory of another or the properties or persons therein, when the case is of serious consequence and the injury is establish by clear and convincing evidence." This case, known commonly as the "Trail smelter arbitration", is a landmark in environmental law, as it helped to establish the "polluter pays" principle for transnational pollution issues.
Manhattan Project.
As part of its contribution to the Manhattan Project, Canada built and operated a 6 T/a electrolytic heavy water plant at Trail, which started operation in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20555897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555897" title="Yu Hasegawa">
Yu Hasegawa

Club career stats.
Last update: 20 February 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20555900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555900" title="Traffic light rating system">
Traffic light rating system

A traffic light rating system is a system for indicating the status of a variable using the red, amber, or green of traffic lights.
Product labelling.
Food.
Food sold prepacked may be labelled with a traffic light label showing at a glance the proportions of fat, saturated fats, sugar, and salt using traffic light signals for high ("red"), medium ("amber") and low ("green") percentages for each of these ingredients. Foods with 'green' indicators are healthier and to be preferred over those with 'red' ones. The label is on the front of the package and easier to spot and interpret than Guideline Daily Amount (GDA) labelling which will continue. The GDA is difficult to understand for many, including children, and does not lend itself to quick comparisons. The use of traffic light labelling is supported by many physician groups including the British Medical Association and welcomed by consumers. Despite worries from some in the food industry that red foods would be shunned, the British Medical Association, Food Standards Agency and others agree that consumers interpret the labels sensibly, realise they can have red foods as a 'treat', and they are easier to understand than lists of percentages.
Currently the traffic light label is used in some European countries on a voluntary basis.
Other labelling.
White goods must be labelled with a label indicating energy consumption. This is not strictly a 'traffic light' but by analogy a scale of seven values that run from red to green through intermediate colours.
The system may also be used for the European Game Information System (PEGI), which puts age ratings onto video games. Again this is not strictly a 'traffic light' since there are likely to be more than three colours.
Performance monitoring.
In many factories, different stations on the production line(s) are equipped with factory monitoring and control systems; attached to such systems is a 'traffic light' status indicator which is generally visible from many places within the factory. Green typically indicates normal levels of production; amber indicates that production has slowed (or attention is otherwise warranted); red indicates that production has stopped or the line is down.
In the British Civil Service and other departments of the United Kingdom government, traffic lights are used as a coding system for good or bad performance - usually known as a 'RAG rating'. For example in relation to the workload performance, red would mean inadequate, amber would mean reasonable, and green would mean ideal. The letters R, A and G are used in addition to swatches of colour, so that the system can be used by colour blind readers.
Traffic Light RAG and BRAG (or RAGB) Milestone Project, Program and Portfolio status reporting.
When status reporting how well a milestone, project, program or portfolio is performing or being delivered, project managers often use a RAG rating to indicate how on track or at risk is the project, its deliverables or tasks.
More recently an additional status colour of Blue has been included to show where milestones or components of a milestone, project, program or portfolio are complete. This BRAG (or RAGB) status was initially introduced by Tom Daniel (formerly of the Blues and Royals) at Dell Computers Inc in 2000, and thereafter at Deloitte Consulting UK (corporate colours for his employers were or are all blue ) where he introduced a variation of a blue milestone with a red outline for delivered or completed but late. This ensured late delivery remained visible as opposed to focus simply switching to other areas of a program where the status might turn red (through an inter-dependency) as a result of the late delivery and no fault of that area. In 2009 he introduced Magenta milestones to show where they were new or changed. These variations have started to be used in clients he has worked in such as British Telecom.
Behavioural.
Some organisations, such as the U.S. Navy, use traffic light terminology for sexual harassment education. Green light behaviour is normal discussions or actions, such as discussing work or assisting someone on stairs. Amber light behaviour is potentially offensive behavior, such as sexist jokes or patting someone on the behind. Red light behaviour is obvious sexual harassment such as sexual requests.

</doc>
<doc id="20555914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555914" title="Takuya Miyamoto">
Takuya Miyamoto

Club career stats.
As of 04:32, 30 November 2013 (UTC)

</doc>
<doc id="20555926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555926" title="Wayne Hockley">
Wayne Hockley

Wayne Hockley (born 6 September 1978) is an English former professional footballer. 
Hockley was born in Paignton, Devon and joined Torquay United as a trainee, having previously played for local side Stoke Gabriel. He made his debut on 15 March 1997, as a substitute for Mark Hawthorne in Torquay's 3-1 defeat away to Scarborough, missing an open goal within a minute of taking to the pitch. He played once more that season, this time as a substitute for Andy McFarlane in Torquay's 2-1 defeat away to Doncaster Rovers and began the following season on a monthly contract. 
He left Torquay in September 1997 after manager Kevin Hodges only offered him a further month rather than a longer term contract and rejoined his former club Stoke Gabriel. He was the top scorer for Dartington Sports Club in the 1998-99 season. In March 2000 he was playing for Galmpton United, but by July 2001 was back with Dartington S.C., playing in a friendly against Torquay United in a game in which he was marked by his younger brother Matt, who was also a professional with Torquay United, making over 200 appearances for the club between 2000 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20555954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555954" title="Alexander Abusch">
Alexander Abusch

Alexander Abusch (1902, Kraków - 1982, East Berlin) was a German journalist, writer and politician. Abusch joined the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) in 1918. He would serve as editor of some KPD publications. In 1937, he became part of the exiled KPD leadership in Paris, later in Toulouse. In 1941 he shifted to Mexico, where he became a member of the Free Germany Movement. Between 1948 to 1950 he was part of the party leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany. Between 1958 and 1961 he served as Minister of Culture of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).

</doc>
<doc id="20555959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555959" title="Herman Bernhard Lundborg">
Herman Bernhard Lundborg

Herman Bernhard Lundborg (April 7, 1868, Väse in Värmland, Sweden - May 9, 1943, Östhammar in Uppland, Sweden) was a Swedish physician. He graduated in medicine at the Karolinska Institutet in 1895, and received his doctorate at the Uppsala University in 1903. He also habilitated there that year for psychiatry and neurology, and in 1915 for racial biology.
For his doctoral dissertation, Lundborg researched one of the genetic progressive myoclonus epilepsies first described by Heinrich Unverricht in 1891. Besides of given an account of the disease, he traced an affected family back to the 18th century, an analysis unique for that time. He concluded that the family had genetically degenerated because of "unwise marriages". The study has been described as "of considerable historic interest in human genetics". Over the years, the form of epilepsy became known as the Unverricht-Lundborg disease.
Lundborg was extremely negative towards the Jewish people, and strongly involved with the ideology of racial hygiene. In the beginning of the 20th century, the idea that eugenics could somehow improve society in general strongly evolved. In 1922, Sweden became the first country in the world to establish a eugenic governmental agency, the State Institute of Racial Biology, of which Lundborg was appointed as the head. Under his leadership, the institute began gathering copious statistics and photographs to map the racial make-up of about 100,000 Swedish people. This research later became one of the foundations under a eugenic program of the Swedish government, which consisted of both voluntary and involuntary sterilization of persons with negative genetic characteristics. The program was started in 1935 and would last until 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20555973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555973" title="Sher e Bangla Medical College">
Sher e Bangla Medical College

Sher-e-Bangla Medical College (SBMC), is a medical college in Barisal, Bangladesh. A government institution, it is organized under the University of Dhaka. Construction began on the college on 6 November 1964, at which time it was known as Barisal Medical College. It opened to students in 1968 and was soon renamed to its current title, bestowed in honor of former prime minister A. K. Fazlul Huq. Huq, a sometime resident of Barisal, was often called by the phrase "Sher-e-Bangla", which translates from Urdu to "Tiger of Bengal".
SBMC awards MBBS degree and offers professional training and medical research facility at its hospital with 1000 beds. As per the declaration of overseas registration of the General Medical Council, the awarded MBBS degree during or after October 1984 is eligible to apply for limited registration in United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20555975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20555975" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 2000">
Writers Guild of America Awards 2000

53rd WGA Awards<br>
March 4, 2001
Best Adapted Screenplay: <br>
Best Original Screenplay: <br>
The 53rd Writers Guild of America Awards, given in 2001, honored the film and television best writers of 2000.
Winners and nominees.
Film.
Best Adapted Screenplay.
'" "Traffic" - Stephen Gaghan
Best Original Screenplay.
"' "You Can Count on Me" - Kenneth Lonergan
Television.
Best Episodic Comedy.
'" "Frasier" - Joe Keenan and Christopher Lloyd for writing "Something Borrowed, Someone Blue"
Best Episodic Drama.
'" "The West Wing" - Rick Cleveland and Aaron Sorkin for writing "In Excelsis Deo"

</doc>
<doc id="20556010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556010" title="Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metre breaststroke

The men's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1936 Summer Olympics programme. It was the seventh appearance of the event, which was established in 1908. The competition was held from Thursday August 13, 1936 to Saturday August 15, 1936.
Twenty-five swimmers from eleven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat of the first round Tetsuo Hamuro set a new Olympic record with 2:42.5 minutes. He bettered his own Olympic record in the final with 2:41.5 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Thursday August 13, 1936: The fastest three in each heat and the fastest from across the heats advanced to the semi-finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Semifinals.
Wednesday August 14, 1936: The fastest three in each semi-final and the fastest fourth-placed advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Saturday August 15, 1936:

</doc>
<doc id="20556017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556017" title="Takumi Motohashi">
Takumi Motohashi

Career statistics.
Last update: 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20556022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556022" title="Uncial 0285">
Uncial 0285

Uncial 0285 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Pauline epistles and 1 Peter with numerous lacunae, on 20 parchment leaves (29 cm by 19.5 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page, in uncial letters. The leaves have survived in a fragmentary condition.
Romans 5:12.14; 8:37-9:5; 13:1-4; 13:11-14:3; 1 Corinthians 4:2-7; 12:16.18.21-30; 14:26-33; Ephesians 3:13-20; 5:28-6:1; 1 Timothy 1:1-7; Hebrews 8:9-9:1; 9:25-10:2; 11:3-7; 12:22-13:25; 1 Peter 3:17-4:1.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery at Sinai in May 1975, during the restoration work. 
Currently the codex is housed at the St. Catherine's Monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 70) in Sinai. 
This manuscript was part of the same codex to which Uncial 081 belonged. 081 was brought to Russia in the 1859 by Tischendorf and it is housed at the Russian National Library (Gr. 9,2) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20556034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556034" title="Baccharis brachyphylla">
Baccharis brachyphylla

Baccharis brachyphylla is a species of baccharis known by the common name shortleaf baccharis. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows in desert habitat such as arroyos and canyons. 
This is a shrub producing erect, branching green stems up to a meter tall. The leaves are linear or thinly lance-shaped and less than long. The inflorescence is a wide array of flower heads. A dioecious species, the male and female plants produce different flower types which are similar in appearance. The flowers and foliage are glandular. Female flowers yield fruits which are ribbed achenes, each with a fuzzy body long and a pappus about 5 millimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20556039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556039" title="Alan Robert">
Alan Robert

Alan Robert is a singer/songwriter and comic book creator, known as the bassist in the New York-based band Life of Agony, and for his work on his graphic novels, "Wire Hangers", "Crawl To Me" and "Killogy". Robert graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts from New York's School of Visual Arts, where he studied cartooning under teacher and famed Thor artist, Walter Simonson.
Career.
Music.
Robert is credited as being one of the original members of the band, Life of Agony, in 1989, and was the primary songwriter for the band's "River Runs Red".
In 2006, Robert announced the creation of a punk rock band Spoiler NYC, which he formed with long-time friend, "Junkyard" Silletti and Tommy Clayton. The band released the full-length record "Greasefire in Hell's Kitchen" in 2008 and toured Europe with Life of Agony. Best known for their high-energy live shows which regularly feature dedications to their merch coordinator, Guy Bannister, Spoiler NYC released two songs in 2009.
Comics work.
Robert is currently active in the comic book industry, having first created a four-part horror/conspiracy miniseries, "Wire Hangers", which he also wrote and illustrated. The series was published in 2010 by IDW Publishing.
The first issue of the comic series won ComicMonsters.com's 2010 Best Cover Award.
On March 29, 2011, Alan Robert announced a live action feature film version of the "Wire Hangers" graphic novel, which to be produced by Robert's production company, Wasted Talent Entertainment" in connection with Zam Entertainment.
Robert announced the four-issue miniseries, "Crawl To Me", which was published by IDW Publishing, whose story follows a young family who are confronted with a series of disturbing events in their rural home. The first issue was released in July 2011. 
The series won the Mini-Series Of The Year from ComicMonsters.com and TheSickHouse.net's 2011 Golden Gore Award for Best Graphic Novel. 
The first printing of Crawl To Me sold out within a week of its publication and a second printing was quickly announced. A hardcover version, titled Crawl to Me: Evil Edgar Edition was later released in various formats. At the same time, Robert announced that a full-length movie based on the graphic novel was in the works. Screenwriters T.J. Cimfel and David White signed on shortly afterwards to adapt a screenplay based on the property. In December 2012, IDW Limited released two limited-run hardcover versions of the comic series in a black and red label options, featuring original artwork by Alan Robert included within each package.
On December 29, 2011, Robert appeared on second series premiere of the TLC television show, "NY Ink", in the episode "Kings of NY", in which he received a tattoo based on the cover art from the first issue of "Crawl To Me". 
In "Wolf and Cub", the February 9, 2012, episode of the CBS show "Person of Interest", several IDW Publishing books and posters are featured on the set, including Alan's "Crawl to Me", "Wire Hangers" and "Killogy". A "Crawl to Me" poster painted by artist Menton3 was featured in a pivotal scene inside a comic book shop near the end of the episode. The graphic novel will be adapted in a full length film produced by Robert and screenplay will re-written by David White and T.J. Cimfel.
On May 10, 2012, Robert announced he was teaming with IDW Publishing again for his next comic series, "Killogy", a four-issue series depicting the stories of three murderers who share a prison cell who are depicted with the likenesses of Frank Vincent, Marky Ramone and Brea Grant. The first issue is scheduled to be released in October 2012.
Upon its Halloween 2012 release, Killogy became a hit series and received rave reviews from respected horror and comic book critics. Fangoria hailed it, saying, "Killogy is an INSTANT CLASSIC... it finds its way into your head and stays there!" while Giant Fire Breathing Robot praised "With Killogy, Alan Robert has not only earned his place amongst the big names in comics, but he can stand shoulder to shoulder with some of the best horror creators in any form.
On July 2013, it was announced that Robert had teamed up with IDW again to produce his next comic series, The Shunned One, which focuses on an Angel of Death who goes rogue after being ordered to take several innocent lives. The release date for the comic series is listed as 2014.
Movies.
On July 19, 2013, it was announced that Robert had signed a movie deal with the Spanish film production company, Rodar Y Rodar, to produce a full-length feature film based on the "Crawl To Me" comic book series. It was also announced that Robert would be co-producing the movie along with Jeff Mazzola and Chris White. The director of the film will be Victor Garcia. While no release date was provided, it was said that studio work will be filmed in Spain and exteriors in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20556081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556081" title="Great Stage Park">
Great Stage Park

Great Stage Park is a outdoor event space located southeast of Nashville in Manchester, Tennessee. Since 2002 it has been home to the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival, the largest outdoor festival in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20556085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556085" title="See You in My Nightmares">
See You in My Nightmares

"See You in My Nightmares" is a song from Kanye West's fourth studio album "808s & Heartbreak". Produced by West and his former mentor No I.D., the song features a duet between West and rap artist Lil Wayne. It was to be sent to mainstream radios on March 10, 2009, while to Rhythm/Crossover radio on February 28, 2009, but was canceled in favor of "Amazing". Though not released as a single, "See You in My Nightmares" still managed to enter the top forty on charts in Canada and the United States.
Chart performance.
Along with "Amazing", "See You in My Nightmares" charted without actually being released as a single following the release of "808s & Heartbreak". In the U.S., the song was certified as a "Hot Shot Debut", as it managed to debut at number twenty-one on the Billboard Hot 100 on the week of December 4. That same week, it also a "Hot Shot Debut" on the Pop 100, peaking at number twenty-seven. The song was a "Hot Shot Debut" once more in Canada, where it debuted at number twenty-two on the Canadian Hot 100.
"We Were Once a Fairytale".
West has collaborated with Spike Jonze to direct a short film, "We Were Once a Fairytale" for "See You in My Nightmares." According to Jonze's producing partner, Vincent Landay, the project was done mostly for fun and is "not necessarily a video for 'See You in My Nightmares', but the song is featured in it." Set to run between ten to fifteen minutes, the short film was shot near the end of January within two days in Los Angeles and has received editing over the course of several weekends. Its plot is based on an idea developed by Jonze, who then reached out to Kanye under the belief that he'd be perfect for it. The film premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 24, 2009, was intended for public release through iTunes on September 8, 2009, but didn't premiere online until October 18, 2009 through Kanye West's blog. On October 18, “We Were Once a Fairytale” was leaked to the Internet and posted on Mr. West’s official Web site, kanyeuniversecity.com. Mr. Jonze said the film was accidentally leaked from the postproduction studio of a friend, and that Mr. West did not realize that it was not meant to be circulated yet. “I think he was like: ‘Oh, it’s out. I’ll link to it,’ ” Mr. Jonze said. On October 19th the video was removed from the blog site, with only a message left from West saying "SORRY I HAD TO TAKE IT DOWN : (". The video, however, can still be found on various video sharing websites and is now available through iTunes.
Personnel.
Information taken from "808s & Heartbreak" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20556097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556097" title="Alicia (Zumpino) Roberts">
Alicia (Zumpino) Roberts

Alicia (Zumpino) Roberts (born c. 1981) is a former Miss Philadelphia who now works as a news reporter, anchor, and host.
As a college senior, Roberts captured the title of Miss Philadelphia on March 15, 2003. In June 2003, she placed as first-runner at the Miss Pennsylvania Pageant, ultimately losing to Candace Otto of Murraysville. During her year of service, Roberts worked on the local, state, and national level promoting her platform, Big Brothers Big Sisters of America. 
Roberts attended Temple University in Philadelphia, graduating summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting. She went on to earn her Master of Science degree from Drexel University in Philadelphia, majoring in Public Communications. Roberts interned at WTXF-TV in Philadelphia and was later hired as a production assistant and writer. In 2004, Roberts joined Traffic.com and served at the substitute reporter for WCAU-TV, WXPN radio, and WMMR radio.
Alicia Roberts joined WFLA-TV in Tampa, Florida, in October 2005. She was the traffic reporter and an occational fill-in anchor for News Channel 8 Morning and Midday Shows. She became the first traffic reporter in station history to create a transportation blog and weekly feature segment called Traffic Talk. In 2008, Roberts also was hired as an in-game host for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. In 2009, Roberts represented ICON Health & Fitness nationally on HSN. In 2010, Robert's contract was not renewed by WFLA News Channel 8, and reporter Leslee Lacey was hired directly by the station as their new Traffic Reporter, where she remains under contract.
In 2011, WEWS-TV hired Roberts as its Traffic/Transit Anchor. Her debut was on 10/31/11 on WEWS's morning news. 
A native of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, Roberts grew up in Feasterville. She graduated from Archbishop Wood High School in 1999 where she was a member of the girl's track and cross country teams.
Roberts currently resides in Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20556101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556101" title="House of Vergy">
House of Vergy

The House of Vergy is one of the oldest French noble families, attested since the 9th century
Château de Vergy.
The reputedly impregnable château de Vergy was sited on a rocky spur near Beaune in Burgundy (present-day communes of Reulle-Vergy, L'Étang-Vergy and Curtil-Vergy). The first fort on the site dates to the Roman period. The medieval castle was razed in 1609 and only small traces remain.
Lords.
7th century.
The first known lord of Vergy is Guérin (Warin) de Vergy, brother of saint Leodegar. Guérin was stoned around 681 at the foot of the rocky spur at Vergy, shortly after his brother's martyrdom.
First House of Vergy (9th–10th centuries).
The first house of Vergy arose in the 9th century with Warin, or Guérin, I of Vergy(760 – >819), who was count of Chalon and count of Mâcon, then count of Auvergne (818).
Second House of Vergy (11th–12th centuries).
Humbert de Vergy (1000–1060), fils d'Henri, est seigneur de Vergy de 1023 à 1030, puis évêque de Paris.
En 1023, il fonde le chapitre de Saint Denis de Vergy ; la collégiale, reconstruite par Alix de Vergy, est accolée aux remparts, au niveau de la seule tour qui en subsiste actuellement.
Jean de Vergy († 1053), fils d'Eudes, et ses descendants lui succédent en tant que seigneurs de Vergy.
Elisabeth de Vergy († 1119), sa petite-fille, se marie avec Savaric († 1120), seigneur de Châtel-Censoir.
In the 12th century Vergy was considered one of the most impregnable fortresses in the kingdom by Louis VII of France. Pope Alexander III took refuge there in 1159. It was during this era that the church of Saint-Saturnin was built, still to be seen today.
En 1199, la seigneurie de Vergy passe aux ducs de Bourgogne par le mariage d'Alix de Vergy (1170–1252) avec Eudes III de Bourgogne.
Deux branches cadettes subsitent :
Castle (13th–17th century).
With the other Burgundian possessions, Vergy was merged into the royal domains in 1477, on the death of Charles the Bold. The castle was immediately ceded to William IV de Vergy-Autrey by Louis XI. In 1609, following the participation Charles of Lorraine (governor of Burgundy) in the Catholic League from 1589 onwards, Henri IV completely razed the castle. Except for the church of Saint-Saturnin, the burg of Vergy has now entirely disappeared.
Notable members.
Bishops of Autun :
Bishops of Paris :
Bishops of Mâcon :
Archbishops of Besançon :
Turin Shroud.
The Vergy family is the first historically attested owner of the Turin Shroud. It was Jeanne de Vergy who – in accordance with her husband Geoffroy de Charny's vows – put on the first showings of the relic at Lirey. The relic was twice absent in her castle at Montfort.
History of the Shroud and the Charny and Vergy families ("excerpt of an electronic publication"): 
1353: Geoffroy 1st de Charny, a presumed descendant of the Knights of the Temple who died at the stake with Jacques de Molay, is allowed to build a church in Lirey.
1356: Death of Geoffroy 1st de Charny. His wife Jeanne de Vergy, gives the Shroud to the Canons of Lirey who keep it in their collegiate church.
1357: First public exhibition of the Shroud in Lirey collegiate church. A pilgrimage medal, dating from that time, shows the image of the Shroud with very precise indications in spite of its small dimensions. On this medal one can see a frontal and dorsal view of the body, the linen herring patterns, four marks of burns as well as the coats of arms of the Charny and Vergy families. This pilgrimage medal is exhibited at the Cluny museum in Paris (France).
1378: Clement VII, Jeanne de Charny's nephew, is elected Pope...

</doc>
<doc id="20556106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556106" title="Daishi Hiramatsu">
Daishi Hiramatsu

Club team career statistics.
Last update: 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20556113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556113" title="The Road to Samarcand">
The Road to Samarcand

The Road to Samarcand is a novel by English author Patrick O'Brian, published in 1954 and set in Asia during the 1930s. Magazine "Publishers Weekly" writes about the novel: "Six decades later, O'Brian's richly told adventure saga, with its muscular prose, supple dialogue and engaging characters, packs a nice old-school punch." "The Road to Samarcand" precedes by 15 years the first novel of the Aubrey-Maturin series, the canon which brought O'Brian fame, and bears a relationship to its development.
Plot introduction.
The central character is an American teenaged youth named Derrick, who came to China with his missionary parents. Orphaned prior to the action and taken under his uncle's wing aboard "The Wanderer", Derrick is at the wheel of the sailing ship in the South China Sea as the action begins. The boy's uncle, Captain Sullivan of the Asian Pacific shipping trade, feels the time has come to prepare Derrick for his future. He, his companion Ross and Derrick's older cousin, all believe that the youth must now leave the ship and attend school in England. This cousin, Professor Ayrton, is "en route" to China from England as the novel begins. He is an elderly, highly educated man and an expert in oriental archaeology. Derrick is unhappy with the prospect of leaving the ship, and Professor Ayrton proposes "to gild the pill of education" by taking the youth back to England via the famous road to Samarcand.
Plot summary.
While structured with plot and subplots, and created with a cast of interesting characters, the novel draws its major appeal from O'Brian's great story-telling ability. The product of this ability can be seen as a series of adventures in exotic locales, the type of material designed to resonate in the imagination of a typical teenaged boy. There are neither female characters nor romance in "The Road to Samarcand".
The story begins during a voyage on the South China Sea, where almost at once Derrick's ship encounters a typhoon. Surviving this perilous experience, the ship under Captain Sullivan reaches shore and completes the rendezvous with Professor Ayrton. Subsequent adventures are set up by forming and equipping the party for the journey to the road to Samarcand, a route better known today as the Silk Road. Members of the party include his relatives, Cousin Ayrton and Uncle Sullivan; Derrick, himself; Sullivan's intrepid companion, Ross; the ship's Chinese cook, Li Han; and one of Captain Sullivan's seamen, Olaf Svenssen. Horses and Mongolian guides are engaged: during the course of the story Derrick becomes a skilled horseman and learns to speak Mongolian. The party must follow a circuitous route to the road to Samarcand in order both to travel in safety and to satisfy Professor Ayrton's archaeological wishes. This circuitous route allows O'Brian to send the band to areas they would otherwise not have travelled and to reveal interesting aspects of the Chinese, Mongolian and Tibetan cultures.
Some adventures are harmless, as when Derrick and his Mongolian companion ride out to hunt with a falcon and when the Professor acquires jade treasure; some involve danger. The latter includes imprisonment, escape, brushes with revolutionaries and bandits, and hand-to-hand fighting. The party becomes involved in deadly skirmishes at a time in history when the old skills of warfare are bowing to superior firepower. As this state-of-affairs turns dramatic, Professor Ayrton is forced to pass himself off as a Russian Army officer who specialises in armament. In reality he is anything but an expert and does not know how even to fire a gun when the expedition begins.
Other adventures involve dangers crossing a glacier where the party must face both blizzard conditions and inimical monks masquerading as yeti, and the loss and eventual rediscovery of party-members, Ross, Li Han and Olaf. As the final adventure, in what can be described as a "deus ex machina", the little group escapes disaster in a functioning helicopter, which has been abandoned near the monastery where the band has been virtually imprisoned. O'Brian skirted anachronism in creating this manner of escape. Although the technology was available in the late 1930s, existing helicopters were limited to scarce prototypes, and actual aircraft were not produced in large numbers until the 1940s.
Be that as it may, there is spare gasoline in a can, and the party is flown away by Ross. He is completely inexperienced as a helicopter pilot; however, O'Brian has created him with qualities which stretch the improbable escape to the verge of credibility: mechanical prowess—Ross is the only party member who succeeds in starting the engine—bravery, and a history as the captain of a ship. Airborne and finally out of danger, the party sees below on the ground their goal, the road to Samarcand.
Sources.
Writing under his birth name, P.R. Russ, Patrick O'Brian published three stories in the "Oxford Annual for Boys" which involve Sullivan and Ross. They are "Noughts and Crosses" (1936), "Two's Company" (1937) and "No Pirates Nowadays" (1940). Although he had appeared in print previously, O'Brian had not created a relationship between men of an equal footing before "Noughts and Crosses," as he does with Sullivan and Ross. His biographer Dean King describes this as a "watershed" event. Fourteen years elapsed between the publications of "No Pirates Nowadays" and "The Road to Samarcand". Despite the length of time, the short story may be considered the "prequel" to the novel. It opens with the same characters aboard the same ship in the same general locale that existed at the conclusion of the short story. O'Brian would continue writing in the style of the prequel and would maintain his target of adolescent males when he expanded his format to novel form in "The Road to Samarcand".
Relationship to Aubrey-Maturin series.
"The Road to Samaracand" foreshadows aspects of O'Brian's masterpiece, the Aubrey-Maturin series. Although the story takes place largely on land, like the novels in the nautical series, "The Road to Samarcand" begins with an adventure at sea. In this instance the ship and its crew are challenged to survive a typhoon. Described in a gripping manner, like the storms at sea in the Aubrey-Maturin series, O'Brian's writing of this storm sequence displays a mastery comparable with that of Joseph Conrad.
Furthermore, both Captain Sullivan and Professor Ayrton demonstrate traits and practices which may be seen later in Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin. In the first case, the personalities of Captain Sullivan and Captain Aubrey are dissimilar; however, a likeness can be drawn in a number of other matters. For example, Captain Sullivan exhibits superior courage, sailing and fighting abilities, as does Captain Aubrey. Sullivan travels with a particular friend, Ross, just as Aubrey almost always travels with Maturin. The significance of this similarity, the bond between the pairs of men, its development and role in the story line, is emphasised in the words of Patrick O'Brian: "The essence of my books is about human relationships and how people treat one another." 
Readers of the Aubrey-Maturin series are familiar with Jack Aubrey's resort to his violin. Captain Sullivan also plays the violin. Jack Aubrey eventually becomes the owner of his beloved ship, the "Surprise". So, Captain Sullivan owns the "Wanderer". Both ships are outdated: the "Surprise" is no longer large enough or sufficiently armed to compete in combat with contemporary navy vessels, and the "Wanderer" is being superseded by steam-powered ships.
Certain qualities of Professor Ayrton are found in an extreme degree in Stephen Maturin. Both men are learned and well regarded in their specific fields and in general erudition. Despite high learning, both men encounter practical difficulties. Maturin, for example, is known inveterately to fall or bark his shins when attempting to cross between boats unaided, and in "The Far Side of the World" he even falls out of the ship in the middle of the Pacific Ocean when attempting to net specimens in the sea. In the process he becomes amazingly tangled in his net, and Jack Aubrey must dive in to rescue him. In the same incompetent manner, Professor Ayrton accidentally discharges his rifle as his small group stealthily prepares to spring an ambush, stating lamely, "It went off." In another incident reminiscent of Stephen Maturin, the professor misplaces an important map in his robes, and it is discovered that the map has gravitated to a different area of the garment, and he has been sitting upon it. Continuing the aforementioned incident from "The Far Side of the World", Maturin's use of the South Pacific term,"taboo," nearly the extent of his linguistic knowledge of any Polynesian language, preserves Aubrey from castration at the hands of a crew of solely female mariners aboard their craft. This powerful incident is the remolding of an earlier passage in "The Road to Samarcand", when Professor Ayrton is forced to extend himself in an unfamiliar language to mislead a company of dominant Tibetan females. They have chosen Olaf from Captain Sullivan's company as a bridegoom, but Professor Ayrton is able to convince them the Swede is not only mad, but subject to supernatural influences.
There are further similarities between "The Road to Samarcand" and the Aubrey-Maturin series, though perhaps less important. In a singular instance, Captain Sullivan refers to "a very strong-minded woman, not at all unlike a Mrs. Williams..." This is an amazingly apt description of Jack Aubrey's mother-in-law. Mrs. Williams appears in a number of novels in the Aubrey-Maturin series and occasionally influences the story line. "The Road to Samarcand" and Aubrey-Maturin series can also be compared with respect to O'Brian's inclusion of animals. The certain horses associated with Mongols are described, as are one- and two-humped camels, and there are numerous references to yaks. The frequent mention of tiger-sharks and albatrosses in the nautical series echoes incidents aboard the "Wanderer". Finally, the relationship between Derrick and the dog he discovers, rescues and names Chang, is thoughtfully developed in the same way that human/animal relationships with dogs, cats and horses are developed throughout the Aubrey-Maturin series.
O'Brian's use of humour, very present in the later canon, is also an ingredient of "The Road to Samarcand." A notable example is Professor Ayrton's attempts to use American slang. Typically, he has prepared for his meeting with Derrick by studying the subject in a book. His scholarly training, however, causes him to apply grammatical rules to a subject that defies grammar. Also present throughout the novel is a more gentle humour furnished by Li Han.
When the reader meets Jagiello, a Lithuanian in the Swedish army, in the seventh book of the Aubrey-Maturin series, O'Brian's "subtle and light touch with dialect" was well developed. Twenty-four years earlier in "The Road to Samarcand" it can be seen as still developing when he composes Olaf Svenssen's accented English. By contrast, the author's "fine ear for dialogue" shows well in the stylised speeches of Li Han.

</doc>
<doc id="20556115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556115" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 1999">
Writers Guild of America Awards 1999

52nd WGA Awards<br>
March 5, 2000
Best Adapted Screenplay: <br>
Best Original Screenplay: <br>
The 52nd Writers Guild of America Awards, given in 2000, honored the film and television best writers of 1999.
Winners and nominees.
Film.
Best Adapted Screenplay.
'" "Election" - Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor
Best Original Screenplay.
"' "American Beauty" - Alan Ball
Television.
Best Episodic Comedy.
'" "Merry Christmas, Mrs. Moskowitz" - Frasier - Jay Kogen
Best Episodic Drama.
"' "Meadowlands" - The Sopranos - Jason Cahill
Original Long Form.
'" "Dash and Lily" - Jerrold L. Ludwig

</doc>
<doc id="20556126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556126" title="Crayfish factory">
Crayfish factory

Crayfish factory is a surfing spot near Kommetjie in South Africa. Its name is derived from the now non-operational crayfish factory nearby. It features heavy, cold waves that are known to break surfboards and limbs.The break needs a massive south to southwest swell and only starts breaking when the other big wave spots are already double overhead.
Pitching on a deep water reef, then sending big spitting barrels along a rock ledge to the safety of the channel. The lips are thick and the wave is heavy.

</doc>
<doc id="20556151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556151" title="Kento Hori">
Kento Hori


</doc>
<doc id="20556157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556157" title="Nelson Diaz (lawyer)">
Nelson Diaz (lawyer)

Nelson Diaz (born 1948) is a United States lawyer who has been a Philadelphia city solicitor, a judge on the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas, and General Counsel at the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). He was mentioned as a possible HUD Secretary in the Obama Administration, before Obama announced that Shaun Donovan was his pick for the position.
Education.
Diaz grew up in public housing in Harlem, New York. He graduated from St. John's University in New York City with a B.S. in accounting in 1969, having worked his way through school. He earned a J.D. from Temple University in 1972 – the first Puerto Rican to receive that degree at that University.
Public service.
Diaz served as a special assistant to Vice President Walter Mondale on a White House Fellowship in 1977. He was elected as a Judge of the Court of Common Pleas, First Judicial District of Pennsylvania, from 1981 to 1993, and was also a lecturer at the Temple University School of Law from 1983 to 1992. Bill Clinton appointed him HUD General Counsel in 1993, and he served in that position, under Secretary Henry Cisneros, throughout Clinton's first term. Diaz worked for Mayor John Street as the Philadelphia City Solicitor from December 2001 through January 2004.
Private sector.
As a young lawyer, Diaz worked at Fell, Spaulding, Goff and Rubin (1976–1977) and Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen (1978–1981). After leaving the Clinton Administration, Diaz was partner of the law firm Blank Rome LLP from February 1997 until he joined the Street Administration in 2001. Later, he rejoined Black Rome and served there from March 2004 through May 2007.He has served as Of Counsel to Cozen O'Connor, a Philadelphia based law firm, since May 2007. 
A director of Exelon since January 27, 2004, Diaz serves on the risk oversight, energy delivery oversight and generation oversight committees. He also serves as a director of PECO Energy Company, an Exelon subsidiary.
Non-profit memberships and community involvement.
Diaz founded the first organization devoted to black and Hispanic law students at Temple University while he was a student there, and he has been a member of Temple's Board of Trustees since 1992. Having been the first Puerto Rican to be admitted to the Pennsylvania Bar Association in 1973, he later succeeded Cesar R. Miranda as executive director for the Spanish Merchants Association of Philadelphia, a self-help group for Hispanics who own or aspire to own businesses. His board and committee memberships include the Free Library of Philadelphia (1982–1993), the Philadelphia Independent Charter Commission (1992–1993), and the World Affairs Council of Philadelphia (1997–2002), and the Pan American Association (2001- ).

</doc>
<doc id="20556172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556172" title="Jack Bradford (footballer)">
Jack Bradford (footballer)

John "Jack" Bradford (9 April 1895 – 1969) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town, Wolverhampton Wanderers and Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic.
Career.
Bradford made over 100 appearances for Grimsby Town between 1920-1924 in Division Three (North), before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1924. 
He made his Wolves debut on 29 March 1924 in a 3-0 win over , one of two appearances during this season which ended with promotion back to the Second Division at the first attempt. 
He made 40 appearances for the Midlanders during the 1924-25 season but only appeared occasionally in the following two campaigns before moving to Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic in 1927. 
He died in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20556190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556190" title="Lyn Evans">
Lyn Evans

Lyn Evans (born Lyndon Evans in 1945), is a Welsh scientist, the project leader of the CERN, Switzerland-based Large Hadron Collider.
Biography.
Born and raised in Aberdare in the South Wales Valleys, he had a youth interest in chemistry, initially enrolling in university to study the subject before switching to physics because he found the subject easier. Evans was educated at Aberdare Boys' Grammar School, where he developed an interest in physics. However, he found it difficult to pass his O Level in French, a qualification which was required to allow him to enter his course at the University College of Swansea (now Swansea University), from where he graduated in 1970. He switched to physics in his second year of undergraduate study at Swansea. He was made an honorary fellow of the University of Wales Swansea in 2002. He was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science from the University of Glamorgan (now University of South Wales) in July 2010. He went to CERN initially as a research fellow, having previous visited the establishment in 1969 as a visitor. 
In 1994, he became involved in the planning of the project which would become the Large Hadron Collider, and in light of his leadership role in the LHC, Evans was redubbed by the press as "Evans the Atom".

</doc>
<doc id="20556193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556193" title="Pittsburgh Stingers">
Pittsburgh Stingers

The Pittsburgh Stingers are a defunct indoor soccer team that played in the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL) for two season from 1994 to 1995.
Players.
Drago (1995) 29 Apps 24 Goals

</doc>
<doc id="20556201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556201" title="Koobface">
Koobface

Koobface is a multi-platform computer worm that originally targeted users of the networking websites like Facebook, Skype, Yahoo Messenger and email websites such as Google Mail, Yahoo Mail, and AOL Mail.), MySpace, hi5, Bebo, Friendster and Twitter. In the later versions it has stopped using those websites because they improved their protection. Koobface is designed to infect Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X, but also can infect Linux.
Infection.
Koobface ultimately attempts, upon successful infection, to gather login information for FTP sites, Facebook, Skype, and other social media platforms, but not any sensitive financial data. It then uses compromised computers to build a peer-to-peer botnet. A compromised computer contacts other compromised computers to receive commands in a peer-to-peer fashion. The botnet is used to install additional pay-per-install malware on the compromised computer as well as hijack search queries to display advertisements. Its peer-to-peer topology is also used in showing fake messages to other users with the purpose of expanding the botnet.
It was first detected in December 2008 and a more potent version appeared in March 2009. A study by the Information Warfare Monitor, a joint collaboration from SecDev Group and the Citizen Lab in the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University Toronto, has revealed that the operators of this scheme have generated over $2 million in revenue from June 2009 to June 2010.
Koobface originally spread by delivering Facebook messages to people who are 'friends' of a Facebook user whose computer has already been infected. Upon receipt, the message directs the recipients to a third-party website (or another Koobface infected PC), where they are prompted to download what is purported to be an update of the Adobe Flash player. If they download and execute the file, Koobface is able to infect their system. It can then commandeer the computer's search engine use and direct it to contaminated websites. There can also be links to the third-party website on the Facebook wall of the friend the message came from sometimes having comments like LOL or YOUTUBE. If the link is opened the trojan virus will infect the computer and the PC will become a Zombie or Host Computer.
Among the components downloaded by Koobface are a DNS filter program that blocks access to well known security websites and a proxy tool that enables the attackers to abuse the infected PC. At one time the Koobface gang also used Limbo, a password stealing program.
Several variants of the worm have been identified: 
In January 2012, the "New York Times" reported that Facebook was planning to share information about the Koobface gang, and name those it believed were responsible. Investigations by German researcher Jan Droemer and the University of Alabama at Birmingham's Center for Information Assurance and Joint Forensics Research were said to have helped uncover the identities of those responsible.
Facebook finally revealed the names of the suspects behind the worm on January 17, 2012. They include Stanislav Avdeyko (leDed), Alexander Koltyshev (Floppy), Anton Korotchenko (KrotReal), Roman P. Koturbach (PoMuc), Svyatoslav E. Polichuck (PsViat and PsycoMan). They are based in St. Petersburg, Russia. The group is sometimes referred to as Ali Baba & 4 with Stanislav Avdeyko as the leader. The investigation also connected Avdeyko with CoolWebSearch spyware.
Hoax warnings.
The Koobface threat is also the subject of many hoax warnings designed to trick social networking users into spreading misinformation across the Internet. Various anti-scam websites such as Snopes.com and ThatsNonsense.com have recorded many instances where alarmist messages designed to fool and panic Facebook users have begun to circulate prolifically using the widely publicized Koobface threat as bait. The "Barack Obama-Clinton Scandal" hoax which was popular in 2010 is an example.
Other misconceptions have spread regarding the Koobface threat, including the false assertion that accepting "hackers" as Facebook friends will infect a victim's computer with Koobface, or that Facebook applications are themselves Koobface threats. These claims are untrue. Other rumours assert that Koobface is much more dangerous than other examples of malware and has the ability to delete all of your computer files and "burn your hard disk." However, these rumours are inspired by earlier fake virus warning hoaxes and remain false.

</doc>
<doc id="20556205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556205" title="98th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
98th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 98th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Air Defense Command New York Air Defense Sector stationed at Suffolk County AFB, New York. It was inactivated on 30 September 1968.
History.
Activated in the summer of 1942 as part of III Fighter Command Became a P-40 Warhawk, replacement training unit (RTU). Inactivated on 1 May 1944 as part of a reorganization of training units. 
Reactivated in 1953 as part of Air Defense Command as an air defense squadron, equipped with F-89D Scorpion Interceptors and initially being assigned to Dover AFB, Delaware with a mission for the air defense of Philadelphia Delaware-Maryland-Virginia region. 
Moved to Suffolk County AFB, New York, in 1963 becoming part of the New York City air defense force, upgraded in 1959 to the new McDonnell F-101B Voodoo and assigned alongside the F-101B interceptor was the F-101F operational and conversion trainer. The two-seat trainer version was equipped with dual controls, but carried the same armament as the F-101B and were fully combat-capable interceptors. Inactivated in September 1968 as part of the drawdown of ADC interceptor bases, the aircraft being passed along to the Air National Guard.

</doc>
<doc id="20556234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556234" title="Mount Myōken (Tajima)">
Mount Myōken (Tajima)

Outline.
Mount Myōken is a mountain on the eastern edge of the Chūgoku Mountains. Nikkōin temple is located at the base of the mountain. Originally, the temple was halfway up the mountain,but the Haibutsu-Kishaku Order issued during the Meiji-era forced the move.
Route.
This mountain has major two routes to the top. One is from Ishihara Bus Stop of Tantō Bus. The other is from Mount Sobu. From Ishihara Bus Stop, it takes about three hours to the top.

</doc>
<doc id="20556248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556248" title="List of Greeks who were born outside modern Greece">
List of Greeks who were born outside modern Greece

This is a list of ethnic Greeks who were born after the Declaration of the Greek War of Independence (1821), outside the borders of the Greek state. The list does not include Greeks born in the diasporan communities or Greeks of Cyprus (after its independence in 1960), but only Greeks born in the traditional Greek homelands (the Balkans, Anatolia and the Eastern Mediterranean shores).

</doc>
<doc id="20556255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556255" title="The Queen's College Boat Club">
The Queen's College Boat Club

The Queen's College Boat Club (abbreviated QCBC) is the rowing club for members of The Queen's College, Oxford. It is one of the oldest boat clubs in the world, being founded in 1827. 
History.
In 1837, the Club represented Oxford in the third Boat Race against Lady Margaret Boat Club, representing Cambridge, and won. This event, held on the River Thames at Henley-on-Thames, is credited with leading to support from the town for the establishment of the Henley Royal Regatta.
The club was last Head of the River in Eights in 1957, and in Torpids in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20556257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556257" title="Hendryx">
Hendryx

Hendryx is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20556275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556275" title="Carolina Vipers">
Carolina Vipers

The Carolina Vipers were an indoor soccer team based in Charlotte, North Carolina that played in the Continental Indoor Soccer League. They played only one season in 1994. Their home arena was Independence Arena.
The roster included: Tom Misuraca, Jimmy McGeough, Troy "Chopper" Edwards, Mark Lugris, Willie Files, Brad Davis, Chris Dunlap, Kurt Lehnert, John Ngando, Jesse Roberts, Brad Agoos, John Garvey, Bob DiNunzio, Kevin MacFarlane, Jimmy Fisher, Chip Sorrell and Yaro. The Head Coach was David Irving, and the trainer was Dan DelVecchio.

</doc>
<doc id="20556293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556293" title="2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 3">
2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 3

The qualification group 3 for the 2010 European Men's Handball Championship includes the national teams of Belgium, Estonia, Iceland, Macedonia and Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20556307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556307" title="International School Seychelles">
International School Seychelles

The International School of Seychelles was founded in 1969. It is a co-educational non-profit making school.
A Brief History.
The International School was founded in 1969, as a co-educational non-profit making organisation. The school is owned by the International School Association, of which every parent of children in the school is automatically a member. The school is recognised and licensed by the Ministry of Education, and is a member of ECIS (European Council of International Schools).The school is non-denominational and the religious beliefs of all faiths are respected. Initially the school was established to provide a British style education for the children of expatriates working in Seychelles on temporary contract. During the last thirty years the school has expanded and, since 1994, has welcomed Seychellois children.
Present.
Today these Seychellois students are in the majority, with India, Britain, Australia and South Africa well represented. Originally the school catered only for primary age children, however during the last fifteen years the school has evolved to its present character, where children aged 3 years to 19 years are educated. The curriculum of the school is based upon the National Curriculum for England and Wales. More detailed information about this can be found in the curriculum booklets published annually for each class. The school offers accredited learning programmes that are internationally recognised:
The International General Certificate of Education (IGCSE) is taught at year 10 and 11 level 
AS and A2 Level international qualifications are offered in the Sixth Form. 
The Advanced level programme prepares students for university studies overseas. The majority of Advanced level students do proceed to undergraduate courses after completion of their programme.
All examinations are administered and accredited by the University of Cambridge, UK.
The headteacher of the International School Seychelles on Mahe is Mr Daniel Roberts and on Praslin is Mr Martin Kennedy.
Location.
International School of Seychelles, Mahe.
The school is situated on the outskirts of Victoria in the Mont Fleuri district,Mahe,Seychelles.
International School of Seychelles, Praslin.
The site of the Praslin school is on a small promontory in Baie St. Anne.
Facilities.
All accommodation is purpose built, completed within the last ten years, and can be listed as follows:
Early Childhood Section
Foundation: Four Classrooms
Early Childhood: Four Classrooms
Sand + water play areas + library
Junior Section
Eight classrooms providing accommodation for years 3,4,5 and 6, junior computer suite with 30 workstations, examination rooms and offices for the Heads of Sections.
Secondary Section
Three science laboratories with prep. room, one computer suite with 27 workstations, one art and multi-media studio, Geography, French, History, Mathematics (x3) classrooms. Locker area for secondary students.
Sixth Form Section
Two study rooms, research computer suite.
PLUS: 300 seater hall, tuck shop, electronic library and conventional library
The Staff.
The school is managed by the Head teacher, Mr Dan Roberts, who is responsible to the Board of Governors, which is elected annually by the Association members at a general meeting. The Board consists of the Chair, the Secretary, the Treasurer, five other elected members and up to two nominated members.
The school is divided into four sections, each with its own Head of Section responsible for day to day management.
The school employs both Seychellois and expatriate teaching staff in all sections.
Stages of the School.
Early Childhood
Each class in the Early Childhood section has a designated teacher, fully qualified and experienced, who is responsible for the academic and pastoral progress of each child. In addition teaching assistants provide crucial curriculum support under the direction of the class teachers. French is taught in years 1 and 2 by a specialist teacher. There is additional support for children with special educational needs (SEN).
Juniors.
In the Junior section each class has a fully qualified and experienced designated teacher. Additionally, a specialist teacher provides support in the areas of Physical Education, Computing and SEN. French is also taught by a specialist teacher. Additional support is provided for children with a low standard of English.
Secondary.
In the Secondary section all subjects are taught by specialist teachers, under the direction of the Head of Section. There is additional support for children with special educational needs.
Sixth Form.
In the Sixth Form all subjects are taught by specialist teachers, under the direction of the Head of Sixth Form.

</doc>
<doc id="20556308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556308" title="Abdulaziz II">
Abdulaziz II

Abdulaziz II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20556311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556311" title="Provident Life &amp; Trust Company">
Provident Life &amp; Trust Company

The Provident Life & Trust Company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, a demolished Victorian-era building by architect Frank Furness, is considered to have been one of his greatest works. A bank and insurance company founded in 1865 by members of the Society of Friends (Quakers), the Provident's L-shaped building had entrances at 409 Chestnut Street (bank) and 42 South 4th Street (insurance company). The two wings were eventually consolidated into an office building (also by Furness) at the northwest corner of 4th & Chestnut Streets.
Creation.
In his Brazilian Pavilion at the 1876 Centennial Exposition, and his Centennial National Bank (1876) at 32nd St. & Lancaster Ave., Furness experimented with architectural features that would become part of his distinctive design vocabulary: unorthodox stone massing; revealing (and even highlighting) structure; compressed, piston-like columns; polychromy, all in a Moorish-influenced Modern Gothic style. The Provident Life & Trust Company was a major breakthrough for Furness, and remained vibrant even after later additions, interior and exterior, seriously compromised its power.
The bank at 409 Chestnut Street was to be part of Philadelphia's "Banker's Row", and the challenge was to distinguish it from the established Italianate buildings. Furness won the Provident commission in a national design competition in 1876, besting his former partner George Hewitt. His forceful Modern Gothic facade demanded attention, its projecting bay and tower balanced on compressed columns, themselves supported by corbels (brackets) jutting out from the building. The whole was a study in tension and compressed energy, heavy, but not looming. 
The interior was one enormous room, its 4-story walls and floor covered with multi-colored Minton tiles, an arched iron truss at mid-building decorated with machine-inspired cutouts, and skylights supported by iron trusses with similar cutouts. The front half was lit by the great Gothic window of the facade's projecting bay and a large skylight; the rear half, by another skylight and clerestory windows facing north. Rear windows from the insurance company on 4th Street opened into the tall light-filled banking room. The effect was more church-like than secular—a shrine to commerce—with a severity and logic that presaged the Chicago School of early-20th century modernism.
Compromise.
Almost immediately, Furness's original vision was compromised as the company expanded. Within a couple years, a low, curved balcony was added at the rear, and another at the front beneath the great Gothic window, accessed by a spiral staircase to the banking floor and later from the building to the east. The bank was expanded north to Ranstead Street, the clerestory windows blocked, and a second balcony added at the rear. By 1888, the Provident had bought up all the adjacent properties to the east, and hired Furness, Evans & Company to build a 10-story office building. 
Furness's Provident Building (1888–90) was a disappointment, a busy Bavarian fantasy attached to a model of creative rationalism. On its lower stories, he replicated the polychromatic materials of the bank and echoed the Gothic arch, but mostly the office building was ponderous and pretentious. Its steep, 3-story red-tile roof was matched by a new pyramidical roof for the bank's tower—a duncecap on what had been the brightest student. The office building's 1945 demolition (and the removal of the duncecap) enabled architects to look at the original bank anew.
Demolition.
Across Chestnut Street from the Furness bank was the Second Bank of the United States (1819–24), a white-marble, Greek Revival temple by William Strickland. Planning for what is now Independence National Historical Park (INHP) began in the late-1940s, and Strickland's bank was to become an art museum housing portraits of the Founding Fathers. On the block opposite Furness's bank, every building except the Second Bank was demolished for the national park, and a re-creation of William Thornton's Library Company of Philadelphia (1790) was erected. The sedate Italianate buildings of Banker's Row were considered harmonious with the Second Bank and the re-created Library Hall; the Provident was considered jarring. 
Through the 1950s, architectural historians worked to save Furness's bank, writing articles for major publications, photographing and documenting it. Charles E. Peterson, the National Park Service architect assigned to INHP, edited a column in the "Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians" and used it to call attention to the Provident. But, in the end, the Colonial Revivalists remained unswayed, and Furness's bank was demolished beginning in 1959. Samples of the Minton tiles and other architectural elements are preserved in the architecture study collection at INHP.
In essence, the brash, Look-At-Me!-quality that had won Furness the Provident commission was the very reason for the building's demolition. Architectural historian Henry-Russell Hitchcock eulogized it in 1963:
Still more original and impressive were his banks, even though they lay quite off the main line of development of commercial architecture in this period. The most extraordinary of these, and Furness's masterpiece, was the Provident Institution in Walnut ["sic." Chestnut] Street, built as late as 1879. This was most unfortunately demolished in the Philadelphia urban renewal campaign several years ago, but the gigantic and forceful scale of the granite membering alone should have justified its respectful preservation. The interior, entirely lined with patterned tiles, was of rather later character than the facade and eventually much cluttered with later intrusions, but it was equally fine in its own way originally.

</doc>
<doc id="20556313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556313" title="Hüseyin Kartal">
Hüseyin Kartal

Club career.
Kartal has played for Ankaragücü, Ankaraspor and Denizlispor in the Turkish Süper Lig. He joined in January 2009 to Kasımpaşa S.K. and left after three and a half year Diyarbakırspor.
International career.
Kartal appeared in two matches for the senior Turkey national football team. He made his debut as a last-minute substitute in a 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup match against the United States on 19 June 2003. His second appearance, against Cameroon two days later, also lasted only a minute! One of the shortest two-match international careers of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="20556322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556322" title="Ebroin (bishop)">
Ebroin (bishop)

Ebroin (died 850×54) was bishop of Poitiers from 839 to his death. He took on the administration of the county of Poitiers during a troubled period and continued to faithfully support King Charles the Bald.
In 835 Ebroin's cousin, Count Rorig I of Maine, petitioned King Pippin I for the monastery of Glanfeuil to be given to Ebroin. Glanfeuil had been placed under the authority of another relative of Ebroin's, Abbot Ingelbert of Saint-Pierre-des-Fossés, by the Emperor Louis the Pious in 833. In 844 Ebroin bestowed the office of abbot on Rorig's son Gauslin. On 14 July 847 Charles confirmed Ebroin's right of possession ("ius" ["et"] "dominatio") of abbey, apparently without oversight from Fossés, and its heritability in his family.
In 839 Ebroin sided with Charles the Bald against Pippin II in the battle for the subkingdom of Aquitaine, which had been ruled by Pippin I, Charles' brother and Pippin's father, until his death in 838. According to the "Vita Hludovici", Ebroin was Charles's advisor on Aquitainian affairs. Between Charles's first visit to Poitiers in April 839 and February 840, when the emperor left him in charge of conducting a campaign against Pippin II, Charles appointed Ebroin as his archchaplain.
Ebroin was among the leaders of the army being assembled to fight Pippin in northern Aquitaine 844. On 14 June 844, while on the march south to meet Charles in the south, the army was ambushed by Pippin's forces in the Angoumois. The king's uncle, Abbot Hugh, was killed, and Ebroin, along with Bishop Ragenar of Amiens and Abbot Lupus of Ferrières, was captured. Ebroin had been freed by December 844, when he attended the council of Ver. He helped negotiate the settlement of June 845, in which most of Aquitaine was ceded to Pippin in vassalage to Charles.
There is no record of Ebroin after 850. It is usually assumed that he died defending Poitiers from some rebels in 854. It is also possible that Charles's execution of a probable relative of Ebroin's, a certain Count Gauzbert, in March 853 pushed Ebroin into rebellion. He was replaced as archchaplain by Hilduin.

</doc>
<doc id="20556365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556365" title="Kill the Drama">
Kill the Drama

Kill the Drama (KTD) is an art pop-rock band based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Origins.
Originally formed in late 2005, the band gained local attention in 2006 by winning the Graffiti Rock Challenge, a now-defunct Pittsburgh-based musical performance contest which began in 1984. In mid-2008, the band won the Pittsburgh Rocks Challenge, an online contest run by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
Albums.
"Close Friends with Sharp Knives", KTD's debut album was released in 2007 to positive local reviews, at least one of which paid close attention to Bryan Laskey's high, clear vocals. On September 17, 2011, Kill the Drama released "The Burning Streets", their second full length 15 track album.
Band members.
The original line-up consisted of Laskey (vocals), Steve Stiller (guitar), Jason Godek (drums), and Ben "Skinny" Solnik (bass). In April 2008, Solnik left the band to work on The World Series of Beer Pong and was later replaced by bassist Marios Papachristou. In 2010, Kill the Drama parted ways with Papachristou and was replaced by Chris "Oz" Olszewski.

</doc>
<doc id="20556389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556389" title="Mr. St. Nick">
Mr. St. Nick

Mr. St. Nick is a 2002 Christmas comedy-fantasy film starring Kelsey Grammer. It was produced by Hallmark Entertainment and shown on ABC in the United States. It was first broadcast as an episode of ABC's "Wonderful World of Disney" anthology on November 17, 2002.
It was set mainly in Miami, Florida, United States even though it was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Plot.
King Nicholas XX (Durning) has been Santa Claus for 100 years and is now preparing to hand over the baton to his, and the Queen's (Helmond) son, Nick St. Nicholas (Grammer). Nick St. Nicholas is living the high life in Miami and is slightly reluctant to become Santa Claus. Jasper (Bedford), Nick's butler hires a new cook, Lorena (Ortiz). He then gets enticed into portraying a fictitious Santa Claus for a charity (Mr.SaintNick.com) by Heidi (Hendrix) and Hector (Garcia). Nick begins to fall in love with Heidi and asks her to marry him, little does he know that Hector and Heidi are transferring the charity's money into their own account in the Cayman Islands. Soon however, Nick starts to become closer to his loved ones (namely his father) and Nick starts to realizes how special being with your loved ones is. As that happens he also notices that he is getting to know Lorena better and is starting to develop feelings for Lorena too. Which makes him re-think about marrying Heidi. Nick eventually comes to see that he was wrong about everything and chooses Lorena instead. 
See also.
List of television films produced for American Broadcasting Company

</doc>
<doc id="20556404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556404" title="Piedmontese regional election, 1980">
Piedmontese regional election, 1980

The Piedmontese regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
Christian Democracy resulted narrowly ahead of the Italian Communist Party. After the election, the Italian Communist Party and the Italian Socialist Party decided to continue their political cooperation and formed a coalition government under the leadership of Socialist Enzo Enrietti.
However in 1983 the Socialists switched sides and Aldo Viglione, a Socialist who had been President of the Region from 1975 to 1980, formed a new regional government with the Christian Democrats, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party, the Italian Liberal Party and the Italian Republican Party.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20556430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556430" title="Anil Dharker">
Anil Dharker

Anil Dharker is an Indian columnist. His articles appear in several Indian newspapers such as the "Times of India", "Mid-Day", "The Hindu", "Gulf News", and other similar publications. He has been editor of The "Illustrated Weekly of India", "The Independent", "MidDay", "Sunday MidDay". He has also been a producer, anchor and interviewer, head of a TV Channel and critic on "The Sunday Times of India" and "The Sunday Observer". In addition, he has also written a book on state television broadcaster Doordarshan — "Sorry, Not Ready", published by Harper Collins. He is the father of actress Ayesha Dharker.

</doc>
<doc id="20556443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556443" title="Dinmael">
Dinmael

Dinmael was a medieval lordship and cwmwd in north Wales which usually formed a part of the patrimony of the kingdom of Powys. The name, of Old Welsh origin, means "the King's Fort" ("Din" "fort" + "Mael" "king") and probably refers to a now forgotten early Welsh fortress.
The name survives in the name of a village in the modern county of Conwy; however the modern village is much smaller than the medieval lordship.

</doc>
<doc id="20556457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556457" title="Hefferon">
Hefferon

Hefferon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20556458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556458" title="46th Fighter Training Squadron">
46th Fighter Training Squadron

The 46th Fighter Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 917th Operations Group stationed at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana. It was inactivated on 1 October 1993.
History.
The 46th, who was initially assigned to the 15th Fighter/Pursuit Group, its history goes back to World War II, when the 15th Pursuit Group was largely destroyed during the 7 December 1941 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor at Hickam Field.
World War II.
After the Pearl Harbor Attack, the squadron was assigned to the VII Fighter Command. Re-equipped initially with P-39 Aircobras and P-40 Warhawks, ts primary mission was the air defense of the Hawaiian Islands. In 1943, the squadron deployed to the Central Pacific Area, engaging in combat from Makin Island in December 1943. Returned to Hawaii and was again re-equipped with very long-range P-38 Lightnings and P-51D Mustangs. In early March 1945 deployed to Iwo Jima, being attached to the Twentieth Air Force. From Iwo Jima, the squadron performed escort missions with B-29 Superfortress bombers bombing the Japanese Home Islands. After the Japanese Surrender in September 1945, the squadron moved to Guam, where it operated until demobilizing and inactivating in October 1946.
United States Air Force.
The squadron was redesignated the 46th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and reactivated in November 1952 at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware and assigned to the 4710th Defense Wing of Air Defense Command. The squadron assumed the mission, personnel, and Lockheed F-94 Starfire interceptors of the 148th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which had been called to active service in the expansion of the United States Air Force for the Korean War which was returned to the control of the Pennsylvania Air National Guard. the squadron's mission was the air defense of southeastern Pennsylvania, south New Jersey, Delaware and Maryland. In 1956, as ADC prepared for the implementation of the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment system, the 4710th wing moved to Illinois and the squadron was briefly assigned to the 4709th Air Defense Wing before being transferred to what would become the automated New York Air Defense Sector. The unit was inactivated in 1958.
Was reactivated in 1962 at MacDill AFB, Florida, equipped with swept-wing F-84F Thunderflash tactical fighters. Received new F-4C Phantom II in 1964, one of the first squadrons in the Air Force to fly the new fighter. Conducted tactical fighter combat crew training for the 12th Tactical Fighter Wing. The squadron participated in a variety of exercises, operations and readiness tests of Tactical Air Command, becoming a replacement training unit for F-4 aircrews prior to their deployment to Southeast Asia beginning in 1965. During the 1968 Pueblo Crisis, the squadron deployed fighters to Seymour Johnson AFB, North Carolina, backfilling fighters deployed to South Korea by the 4th Tactical Fighter Squadron. Transferred to the incoming 1st Tactical Fighter Wing in 1970 when the wing was moved from ADC to TAC. Inactivated in 1971, personnel and aircraft being transferred to the 71st Tactical Fighter Squadron when the former 15th TFW units were inactivated.
Reactivated in the Air Force Reserve in 1975 at Grissom AFB, Indiana, receiving A-37B Dragonfly counter-insurgency aircraft returned from the Vietnam War. Provided combat crew training in close air support tactics for USAF and friendly foreign nations until inactivated in 1978, transferring the A-37s to the 706th Tactical Fighter Squadron.
Equipped with A-10A Thunderbolt II ground attack aircraft in 1983 at Barksdale AFB, Louisiana, mission was to be an A-10 Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for Air Force Reserve pilots. Operated the A-10 at Barksdale until inactivated in 1993 as part of the post-Cold War drawdown, aircraft transferred to Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona where A-10 training was consolidating with the active-duty 355th Wing.
See also.
List of United States Air Force Aerospace Defense Command Interceptor Squadrons
References.
Bibliography.
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="20556466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556466" title="Piedmontese regional election, 1985">
Piedmontese regional election, 1985

The Piedmontese regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
Christian Democracy resulted narrowly ahead of the Italian Communist Party, which had been ousted from the regional government by the Italian Socialist Party in 1983.
After the election, the Socialists, the Christian Democrats, the Italian Republican Party, the Italian Liberal Party and the Italian Democratic Socialist Party, the Italian Liberal Party and the Italian Republican Party continued their alliance but this time the regional government was led by a Christian Democrat, Vittorio Beltrami. 
Sources.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20556474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556474" title="Jalan Lencongan Timur">
Jalan Lencongan Timur

Jalan Lencongan Timur or Sungai Petani Eastern Bypass, Federal Route is a major highway in Sungai Petani, Kedah, Malaysia.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 225 is located at Jalan Badlishah near Bedong, at its interchange with the Federal Route , the main trunk road of the central of Peninsular Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 225 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20556477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556477" title="Gaspare Mattei">
Gaspare Mattei

Gaspare Mattei (1598 - around 1am, 9 April 1650) was an Italian cardinal of the house of Mattei.
Life.
Mattei was born in Rome, the eldest son of Mario Mattei, duke of Paganica and Prudenzia Cenci; he was a relative of Pope Paul V. He was educated at the Archgymnasium of Rome. He fell in love with a young lady and as the eldest son his parents hoped he would marry her, but instead he became a papal prelate under Paul V, then referendary of the Tribunals of the Apostolic Signature of Justice and of Grace. He then became governor of San Severino (December 29, 1621), commissary apostolic in Forlì (1629), vice-legate in Urbino (February 14, 1632), governor of Perugia (January 29, 1636) and finally commissary general of Romagna. Despite not having received holy orders he was elected titular archbishop of Atena on 5 September 1639 and then became nuncio to Austria (1639–43).
He was elected cardinal priest in the consistory of July 13, 1643, with the titular church of S. Pancrazio. He was part of the Papal conclave of 1644, electing Pope Innocent X, but left the September 10, 1644 conclave due to illness. He opted for the title of Santa Cecilia on September 28, 1648 and on his death in Rome, he was buried there.

</doc>
<doc id="20556483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556483" title="Leo Sheljuzhko">
Leo Sheljuzhko

Leo Andrejewitsch Sheljuzhko (14 September 1890, Kiev – 22 August 1969, Munich) was a Ukrainian entomologist who specialized in Lepidoptera.
He wrote many scientific papers on the butterflies and moths of Central Asia and described many new taxa.
Works.
Partial list (examples)
His collection is in the NATIONAL TARAS SHEVCHENKO UNIVERSITY OF KYIV.

</doc>
<doc id="20556484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556484" title="Oldeouwer">
Oldeouwer


</doc>
<doc id="20556487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556487" title="Nijehaske">
Nijehaske


</doc>
<doc id="20556489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556489" title="Ruggero Luigi Emidio Antici Mattei">
Ruggero Luigi Emidio Antici Mattei

Ruggero Luigi Emidio Antici Mattei (March 23, 1811, Recanati, Marche — April 21, 1883) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Latin Patriarch of Constantinople from 1866 to 1875, and was elevated to the cardinalate by Pope Pius IX in 1875.
Antici Mattei was born in Recanati to Carlo Teodoro Antici, marquis and baron of Pescia, and Anna Maria Mattei. A member of the house of Mattei, he was related to Cardinals Girolamo Mattei, Gaspare Mattei, Alessandro Mattei, Mario Mattei, and Lorenzo Girolamo Mattei. He was confirmed on July 4, 1813. In 1818 he entered "Collegio Nazareno", and studied at "Collegio Romano" from 1826 to 1832. He received the insignias of the clerical character on May 12, 1831, followed by minor orders (September 8, 1831), subdiaconate (February 2, 1834), and diaconate (March 25, 1834).
He was ordained a priest in Rome on September 7, 1834. He then served as examiner of the clergy of the patriarchal Vatican basilica, curate in the abbey of Forlimpopoli, and canon of the chapter of the Lateran Basilica. In 1837 he was named canon of the chapter of the Vatican basilica, later becoming its dean. He was later appointed referendary prelate on July 13, 1843, and served as a judge of the Reverend Fabric of St. Peter's from 1843 to 1847. He was secretary of the Sacred Consistorial Congregation and of the Sacred College of Cardinals from 1850 to 1875, and became prelate adjunct of the Sacred Congregation of the Tridentine Council in 1851.
On January 8, 1866, he was appointed Latin Patriarch of Constantinople by Pope Pius IX. He received his episcopal consecration on the following February 25 from Cardinal Costantino Patrizi Naro. He was later named auditor general of the Apostolic Chamber on March 31, 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20556490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556490" title="VVEJGA">
VVEJGA

VVEJGA stands for Venus-Venus-Earth-Jupiter Gravity Assist, and describes the maneuver performed by the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft on its way to Saturn.

</doc>
<doc id="20556494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556494" title="Nieuwebrug, Friesland">
Nieuwebrug, Friesland


</doc>
<doc id="20556496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556496" title="Ahmet Yıldırım">
Ahmet Yıldırım

Club career.
Yıldırım has played for Fenerbahçe S.K., Samsunspor, Ankaragücü, İstanbulspor A.Ş., Galatasaray S.K., Beşiktaş J.K. and Ankaraspor in the Turkish Süper Lig.
International career.
Yıldırım appeared in four matches for the senior Turkey national football team, his debut was a second half substitute in a friendly against Ukraine on 12 February 2003. He also appeared in one match at the 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20556505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556505" title="Stratovarius World Tour 2005 – 2006">
Stratovarius World Tour 2005 – 2006

The Stratovarius World Tour 2005 – 2006 is the last concert tour of the Finnish Power metal band Stratovarius with long-time guitarist Timo Tolkki and the first with bassist Lauri Porra.
The tour marks the first without Jari Kainulainen, since 1994, as he resigned from the band at the demand of Timo Tolkki. He was replaced by Lauri Porra, believed by singer Timo Kotipelto to be the best bassist in Europe.
It would also be the last album tour with the guitarist Timo Tolkki. The tour also marked the first performances by the band in countries such as: United States, Canada, Venezuela and England.
Concert highlights.
As always Stratovarius has concerts highlighted in Finland, Sweden, Germany and Brazil where they have a lot of fame. But the concert was surprised that more fuel oils Venezuela where they believed they had as its first presentation in that country, were to be received by very few people, despite that there were nearly 6,500 spectators that surprised the band .
Equipment.
The Tour have a team of the classic band, as in his previous presentations fireworks, laser beams, in addition to carrying an extraordinary sound system in its European and Japanese tour. Countries where it is used in such an establishment Finland, Japan and Brazil.
Tour dates.
The second part of this tour represented here is an incomplete list of dates on the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20556512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556512" title="Abbey Green ward">
Abbey Green ward

Abbey Green is an electoral ward of Stoke-on-Trent. The ward covers the areas of Baddeley Green, Milton and Abbey Hulton as well as Baddeley Edge and Light Oaks.
The area is bound by: the A5009 Leek Road and the East Valley and Northwood & Birches Head wards in the north and west, The city boundary to the east, and The Berryhill & Hanley East and Bentilee & Townsend wards to the south. Divided by the Carmountside cemetery site the ward comprises two distinct areas: Abbey Hulton; typified by large areas of council-owned semi-detached housing; and Baddeley Green, typified by large areas of privately owned semi-detached housing.
The population of Abbey Green as of the 2001 Census was 11,652 over an area of 447.35 hectares, meaning the population density / hectare was 26.05.
The mean age of the population during the 2001 census was 40.4, which is higher than the average for the rest of the city as well as for England and Wales (which were 38.5 and 38.7 respectively).
98.9% of the population of the Abbey Green ward was White British, which is much higher than the national average for England and Wales.
The average household income for the area was £22,418 as of 2005, which was much less than that of the rest of England and Wales at the time (c. £31,000).

</doc>
<doc id="20556514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556514" title="Selattyn">
Selattyn

Selattyn (Welsh: "Sylatyn") is the name of a village close to Oswestry in Shropshire, England, on the England–Wales border. 
The village is near Offa's Dyke, which bounds the parish on the west. The parish includes the townships of Upper and Lower Porkington (a crude transliteration of "Brogyntyn"), and also the hamlet of Hengoed (Welsh for "Old Forest"). The surface is undulating and well timbered. The soil is of various qualities, and the substratum abounds with limestone. There are quarries of good building-stone. Close to Selattyn lies the ruined Castle Brogyntyn dating to the 12th century. The area only became confirmed as part of Shropshire and therefore also a part of England in the 16th century.
The church, dedicated to St. Mary, stands in the middle of the village. It was first mentioned in Papal Tax records in 1291. The church is situated within an oval churchyard in which can be found a number of extremely old Yew trees. This points to the likelihood that Christian worship has been offered here for well over 1000 years. The bowl of the font dates from the 13th century and the beautiful barrel roof over the chancel is perhaps as old as the 14th century.
In the Middle Ages the church would have been a simple oblong, consisting of the nave and chancel, perhaps a tower. The internal nave roof timbers are from about the end of this period, namely the 15th century. The north and south transepts were not added until 1821–28. Then in 1891–92 the church was extensively rebuilt, with the addition of the north aisle and the red sandstone arches, while red roof tiles replaced slates. There are two Kempe windows in the church.
The church was restored in 1996, and again in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20556528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556528" title="Giovanni Giacomo Mattei">
Giovanni Giacomo Mattei

Giovanni Giacomo Mattei was the founder of one powerful branch of the house of Mattei. He was Count Palatine of the Lateran Palace and a Conservatore of Rome, 1451. He married in 1437 to Isabella dei conti dell'Anguillara.

</doc>
<doc id="20556533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556533" title="2008 Philippine Collegiate Championship">
2008 Philippine Collegiate Championship

The 2008 Philippine Collegiate Championship is the inaugural tournament of the Philippine Collegiate Championship (PCC) for basketball. The champion teams from the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP), National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), the Cebu Schools Athletic Foundation, Inc. (CESAFI) and 3 other Metro Manila leagues took part in the final tournament dubbed as the "Sweet Sixteen". Other teams had to qualify in the zonal tournaments to round out the 16 teams in the tournament.
The De La Salle Green Archers defeated arch-rivals Ateneo Blue Eagles in the championship; budding rivals Letran Knights and the San Beda Red Lions disputed third place, with Letran winning.
The winners would have qualified for the 2009 Summer Universiade in Serbia as the Philippine representative. However, FISU thumbed down an application by the SBP and the Philippine Olympic Committee. As a result, other international tournaments were lined up for the champion team. The 1967 UE Red Warriors led by Robert Jaworski and Danny Florencio was the last team to participate in the Universiade's basketball tournament.
Solar Sports served as the main coverage partner, with the games broadcasting on C/S 9 and Basketball TV.
Qualifying.
Regional championships.
Winners qualify for the zonal championships:
Wildcard qualifying.
Top two teams from each group qualify for the zonal championships:
Zonal championships.
Winners from the regional championships and wildcard qualifying are drawn into four different teams: each zone has to have only one wildcard team.
Zone 1.
Games were held at the Makati Coliseum from November 3–6:
Zone 2.
Games were held at the Makati Coliseum from November 3–6:
Zone 3.
Games were held at the Ormoc City Superdome from November 9–11:
Zone 4.
Games were held at the Xavier University Gym from November 14–17:
Record per league.
The CUSA and the UCAA went 0–1. Other provincial leagues aside from the CESAFI failed to qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="20556534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556534" title="Henri Aalto">
Henri Aalto

Henri Aalto (born 20 April 1989) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Honka.

</doc>
<doc id="20556542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556542" title="Listwise deletion">
Listwise deletion

In statistics, listwise deletion is a method for handling missing data. In this method, an entire record is excluded from analysis if any single value is missing.
Example.
For example, consider the following questionnaire, as answered by 10 subjects:
A researcher hoping to model income (dependent variable) based on age and gender (independent variables). Using listwise deletion, the researcher would remove subjects 3, 4 and 8 from the sample before performing any further analysis.
Problems with listwise deletion.
Listwise deletion affects statistical power of the tests conducted. Statistical power relies in part on high sample size. Because listwise deletion excludes data with missing values, it reduces the sample which is being statistically analysed.
Listwise deletion is also problematic when the reason for missing data may not be random (i.e. questions in questionnaires aiming to extract sensitive information). Due to the method much of the subjects' data will be excluded from analysis leaving a bias in data findings. For instance, a questionnaire may include questions about respondents current earnings and sexual persuasions as well as their views on a certain subject. Many of the subjects in the sample may not answer these questions due to the intrusive nature of the questions but may answer all other questions. Listwise deletion will exclude these respondents from analysis. This may create a bias as participants who do divulge this information may have different characteristics than participants who do not. Multiple imputation is an alternate technique for dealing with missing data that attempts to eliminate this bias.
Compared to other methods.
While listwise deletion does have its problems, it is preferable to many other methods for handling missing data. In some cases, it may even be the least problematic method. The following table provides some comparisons of listwise deletions to other methods:

</doc>
<doc id="20556545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556545" title="Randy Brooks (musician)">
Randy Brooks (musician)

Randy Brooks (1919-1967) was an American jazz trumpeter and bandleader.
Brooks began on trumpet at age six, and by eleven was touring with Rudy Vallee. He then worked with Claude Thornhill, Bob Allen, Bernie Cummins, Art Jarrett, and Les Brown before founding his own band in 1944. John Benson Brooks (no relation) contributed arrangements to the ensemble, and Stan Getz played in it in 1946. Among his hits for Decca Records were ""Tenderly", "Harlem Nocturne"" and ""The Man With The Horn"", but his swing-based style and large ensemble were out of step with the times, and his success eroded toward the end of the decade.
He married Ina Ray Hutton and moved to Los Angeles, where he suffered a stroke and was unable to continue as a musician. He died of smoke inhalation in a fire at his Sanford, Maine, apartment. He is buried in Oakdale Cemetery in Sanford, Maine, beside his parents.

</doc>
<doc id="20556550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556550" title="Piazza della Minerva">
Piazza della Minerva

Piazza della Minerva is a piazza in Rome, Italy, near the Pantheon. Its name derives from the existence of a temple built on the site by Pompey dedicated to Minerva Calcidica, whose statue is now in the Vatican Museums. 
Features.
Facing this piazza are:

</doc>
<doc id="20556554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556554" title="Conjuncture (international relations)">
Conjuncture (international relations)

Conjuncture in International Relations.
Relations between countries can follow a curve. This curve can be shaped by the domestic conditions and policies of the countries and international conditions. An appropriate conjuncture may facilitate decision-making and action, while inappropriate international conditions may create great difficulties and even impede international action.
The word conjuncture is derived from the Italian "congiuntura". An extensive usage of the word is found in French as "conjoncture". Dictionnaire des Dictionnaires puts it is as "the meeting, by coincidence, of different things at the same place." Dictionnaire Encyclopédique Quillet describes it as a situation created as a result of some events or interests meeting at the same time and place." Kathleen Christison, in her book on Palestine, interprets this term as a "unique constellation of forces".
Recent Examples.
The current international system is affected by the Second World War, the Cold War and the end of the Cold War. These are three major events shaping the international conjuncture today. Relations between countries take on a different shape when they are situated in the Cold War period or during the end of the Cold War. The countries in Europe have clearly shown us that they have been affected by the international conjuncture. The Reunification of Germany is certainly a result of the end of the Cold War. It could not have been achieved had the USSR not disintegrated. As of today, it can be said that a new international conjuncture was created as a result of the 9/11 attacks on the United States thereby leading to the invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="20556561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556561" title="Hannu Haarala">
Hannu Haarala

Hannu Haarala (born 15 August 1981) is a Finnish footballer who plays for FC Honka as a defender.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20556563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556563" title="Nalla Reddi Naidu">
Nalla Reddi Naidu

Nalla Reddi Naidu BA, L.L.B. (January 13, 1917 – July 1982) was an Indian lawyer and politician. He was a Member of Parliament from 1952 to 1957.
Biography.
Nalla Reddi Naidu was born on January 13, 1917 in Edarada, East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh in a Zamindari family. He was the grandson of Rao Bahadur Sir Kurma Venkata Reddy Naidu, who was the Governor General of erstwhile Madras State. The family lived in Nalla Street, Amalapuram. He graduated in Law at the Pune University and was junior to Shri P. V. Narasimha Rao at the University. He was very actively involved in India's Freedom movement and also later in farmer's movement in 1954. He was the first Member of Parliament (M.P.) between 1952 and 1957 from Rajamundry, East Godavari Dist.
He contested the Parliament elections in 1952, from the Praja Socialist Party of India from the Rajahmundry (Lok Sabha constituency) against Durgabai Deshmukh of Congress Party and won the elections with a large majority. Consequently, during his tenure as MP, he had moved to the Congress Party in 1954.
Apart from being the M.P., he also served as Chairman of Amalapuram. Besides politics, he was practising law and was a leading criminal lawyer. To his credit, he had never lost a single case during his practising period. He died in July, 1982 after prolonged suffering of chronic Tuberculosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20556564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556564" title="Gurtins">
Gurtins

Gurtins is a small townland between Saltmills and Stonehouse on the Hook Peninsula in County Wexford, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20556567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556567" title="Castle Brogyntyn">
Castle Brogyntyn

Brogyntyn Castle is a ruin of a native Welsh castle found close to Selattyn, Shropshire, England, on the Anglo-Welsh border. It is thought the castle was built, or at least owned, by Owain Brogyntyn, a 12th Century prince of the kingdom of Powys. Very little of the castle now remains. 
The antiquarian resource book "Earthwork of England, prehistoric, Roman, Saxon, Danish, Norman and medieval" (1908) states:
"Brogyntyn Castle, near Oswestry, is a perfectly round moated site, the external diameter 290 feet, the internal 160 feet, and the fosse having a width of 65 feet."
Castle Brogyntyn formerly belonged to Owain Brogyntyn, the natural son of Prince Madog ab Meredydd. 

</doc>
<doc id="20556569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556569" title="Piedmontese regional election, 1990">
Piedmontese regional election, 1990

The Piedmontese regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
Christian Democracy and the Italian Communist Party lost many votes, especially to the regionalist parties and the Greens. After the election Christian Democrat Gian Paolo Brizio formed a government comprising the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Liberal Party, the Italian Republican Party and the Italian Democratic Socialist Party.
In 1994, following the "Tangentopoli"-crisis and the dissolution of Christian Democracy, Brizio, who had joined to the Italian People's Party, formed a new government which included the Democratic Party of the Left, successor party of the Communists, and the Socialists.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20556580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556580" title="Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant">
Don Pedro Mexican Restaurant

Don Pedro is a Mexican restaurant in San Antonio, Texas. The readers of the San Antonio Express-News have several times voted it the best Mexican restaurant in San Antonio.
History.
Opened in 1968, "currently employs more than 150 full and part time workers serving over 12,500 customers on average per week. Don Pedro has added a new dining room with a full bar, bringing the total seating capacity to 350 persons." The restaurant is owned by Ruben Sepulveda Sr. and his family.

</doc>
<doc id="20556589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556589" title="Oudehaske">
Oudehaske

Oudehaske () is a small village in Skarsterlân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 1940 citizens (2004).
Oudehaske is known in traffic engineering circles for the radical innovation in street design pioneered there by Hans Monderman, removing signs and using subtle cues to indicate that the roadways are shared space with pedestrians and other vehicles.[http://jalopnik.com/5533260/why-street-signs-make-traffic-more-dangerous?skyline=true&s=i]

</doc>
<doc id="20556598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556598" title="Ouwsterhaule">
Ouwsterhaule


</doc>
<doc id="20556613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556613" title="Ouwster-Nijega">
Ouwster-Nijega


</doc>
<doc id="20556614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556614" title="Sandbanks Hotel">
Sandbanks Hotel

The Sandbanks Hotel is an AA four star hotel on Sandbanks peninsula, near Poole, Dorset on the South Coast of England. The hotel has a unique dual aspect view of both the English Channel and Poole Harbour, with the outside terrace leading directly onto Sandbanks blue flag beach.
History.
The Sandbanks was the third hotel purchased by FJB Hotels in 1967. It is understood that the first hotel on this site was the South Haven Inn in the early 19th century. It is believed that the origins of the current hotel date back to the 1920s, where an advertisement in the 1929 Poole Guide refers to it as formerly the Sandacres Hotel. In the 20th century it was owned by Sir Ernest Cassel (Lady Edwina Mountbatten's Grandfather) as a seaside home, used during 1918 as a convalescent home for soldiers. During the Second World War, The Sandbanks Hotel is believed to have been taken over by the military when the Government commandeered the hotel, including the Army's Command School for Vehicle Maintenance. Throughout the war the whole area became a restricted area for the military. In 2000 the Sandbanks area was named as the 4th most expensive piece of real estate in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20556619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556619" title="Frank Mills (British actor)">
Frank Mills (British actor)

Frank Mills (born 1929) is a British actor who has starred in numerous films and television series such as Rumpole of the Bailey. He was born in London. He is best known for his television work, notably the role of Billy Williams in "Coronation Street". He has appeared in series such as "The Brief", "Midsomer Murders", "Foyle's War", "Flambards" and "The Palace".
He, Linal Haft and Paul Brooke are the only actors to appear in both the Classic and New series of "Minder", but starring in different roles in each.

</doc>
<doc id="20556620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556620" title="Mill Creek Middle School">
Mill Creek Middle School

Mill Creek Middle School is a middle school in Lenexa, Kansas which opened in 2007. The school was built as a completely green school (the first of its kind in the USD 232 District).

</doc>
<doc id="20556628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556628" title="Sabar Uparey">
Sabar Uparey

Sabar Uparey ( ) is a 1955 Bengali film noir directed by Agradoot, based on A.J. Cronin's 1953 novel, "Beyond This Place". It starred acclaimed actors Uttam Kumar and Suchitra Sen in leading roles. Chhabi Biswas, Pahadi Sanyal and Nitish Mukherjee also play important roles in the movie.
Plot.
Prashanta Chatterjee (Chhabi Biswas) is sentenced to life imprisonment after the alleged murder of Hemangini, a lady based in Krishnanagar whom he is accused of loving and then dumping and murdering heinously. 
Twelve years later, his only son Shankar (Uttam Kumar), who lives with his mother (Sobha Sen) in Patna, comes to Krishnanagar to prove his father's innocence and bring the actual perpetrators to justice. There he falls in love with Rita (Suchitra Sen), a girl who too had a life history of injustice. Together, they secretly conjure up various evidences against the actual criminal, a government lawyer(Nitish Mukherjee) who originally fought the case against his father 12 years back. In all this, they get the help of Rita's journalist brother (Pahadi Sanyal) who, through his articles and friends in the Press, gathers public momentum to finally reopen the case. 
Shankar presents the case himself and through various evidences and tact presentations, successfully pleads in favour of his father and proves the involvement of the actual criminal, the government lawyer, who killed Hemangini to benefit from a huge insurance in her name. Prashanta Choudhury is acquitted. Meanwhile with 12 years of wretched life in the prisons and the thought that his wife and child had perished due to poverty, he seems to lose his mental balance. However when brought in the midst of his family, sense and wellness returns to him. He thanks Rita's brother for his immense help and asks his sister's hand for his son Shankar.

</doc>
<doc id="20556653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556653" title="Adrian Ianculescu">
Adrian Ianculescu

Andrian Ianculescu(born October 28, 1973) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. He is a bronze world medalist with the team and on vault.

</doc>
<doc id="20556669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556669" title="Tero Koskela">
Tero Koskela

Tero Koskela (born 13 October 1976 in Kokkola) is a Finnish footballer who plays for Vaasan Palloseura.

</doc>
<doc id="20556671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556671" title="Gynecomastia">
Gynecomastia

Gynecomastia is the benign enlargement of breast tissue in males. It may occur transiently in newborns. Half or more of adolescent boys have some breast development during puberty. Gynecomastia may arise as an abnormal condition associated with disease, such as Klinefelter syndrome, metabolic disorders, as a side-effect of medication, or as a result of the natural decrease of testosterone production in older males. In adolescent boys, the condition is often a source of psychological distress; however, 75% of pubertal gynecomastia cases resolve within two years of onset without treatment. 
Signs and symptoms.
Gynecomastia may occur unilaterally or bilaterally, presenting with swollen breast tissue or breast tenderness, which may lead affected individuals to be concerned about the possibility of having breast cancer. An increase in the diameter of the areola or asymmetry of chest tissue are other possible signs of gynecomastia.
Causes.
Gynecomastia is caused by excessive estrogen actions and is often the result of an increased ratio of estrogen to androgen. In approximately 25% of cases, the cause of gynecomastia is unknown. 
About 10%-25% of cases are estimated to result from the use of medications. This is known as non-physiologic gynecomastia. Those medications include ketoconazole, cimetidine, gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogues, human growth hormone, human chorionic gonadotropin, antiandrogens such as bicalutamide, flutamide, and spironolactone, and 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors such as finasteride or dutasteride. Medications with probable associations to gynecomastia include risperidone, calcium channel blockers such as verapamil, amlodipine, and nifedipine, anabolic steroids, alcohol, opioids, efavirenz, alkylating agents, and omeprazole. Individuals with prostate cancer who are treated with androgen deprivation therapy may experience gynecomastia. Hyperprolactinemia has also been associated with the development of gynecomastia.
Other causes of gynecomastia may include: 
Pathophysiology.
The causes of common gynecomastia remain uncertain, but are thought to result from an imbalance between the actions of estrogen and androgens at the breast tissue. The imbalance in the estrogen:testosterone ratio results from increased estrogens or estrogenic precursors secondary to excess secretion by the testicles or adrenal glands; decreased androgens due to decreased secretion or increased metabolism by high levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) in some cases may also play a role. This mechanism has been the proposed cause of gynecomastia in certain associated conditions such as hyperthyroidism, chronic liver disease, and the use of certain medications such as spironolactone. Breast prominence can result from hypertrophy of glandular breast tissue, chest adipose tissue (fat) and skin, and is typically a combination. Breast prominence due solely to excessive adipose is often termed pseudogynecomastia or sometimes lipomastia.
Diagnosis.
To reach a diagnosis of gynecomastia, other causes of male breast enlargement such as mastitis, breast cancer, pseudogynecomastia, lipoma, sebaceous cyst, dermoid cyst, hematoma, metastasis, ductal ectasia, fat necrosis, or a hamartoma are typically excluded. Ultrasonography has supplanted mammography as the method of choice for radiologic examination of male breast tissue in the diagnosis of gynecomastia. Gynecomastia usually presents with bilateral involvement of the breast tissue but may occur unilaterally as well. Histological examination of tissue attained by fine needle aspiration cytology may demonstrate dilated ducts with periductal fibrosis, increased subareolar fat, and hyalinization of the stroma.
Gynecomastia should also be distinguished from muscle hypertrophy of the pectoralis muscles. When surgery is performed, the gland is routinely sent to the lab to confirm the presence of gynecomastia and to check for tumors under a microscope. The utility of pathologic examination of breast tissue removed from male adolescent gynecomastia patients has recently been questioned due to the rarity of breast cancer in this population. 
A review of the medications or illegal substances an individual takes may reveal the cause of gynecomastia. Recommended laboratory investigations to find the underlying cause of gynecomastia include tests for aspartate transaminase and alanine transaminase to rule out liver pathology, serum creatinine to evaluate if kidney damage is present, and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels to evaluate for hyperthyroidism. Medical imaging may be indicated in a subset of patients to rule out adrenal tumors, pituitary tumors, or male breast cancer. Additional tests that may be considered are markers of testicular, adrenal, or other tumors such as urinary 17-ketosteroid, serum beta human chorionic gonadotropin, or serum dehydroepiandrosterone. Serum testosterone levels (free and total), estradiol, luteinizing hormone, and follicle stimulating hormone may also be evaluated to determine if hypogonadism may be the cause of gynecomastia.
Classification.
The spectrum of gynecomastia severity has been categorized into a grading system:
Treatment.
Medical treatment of gynecomastia that has been present for over one year is usually futile. If chronic gynecomastia is treated, surgical removal of glandular breast tissue is usually required. Surgical approaches to the treatment of gynecomastia include subcutaneous mastectomy, liposuction-assisted mastectomy, laser-assisted liposuction, and laser-lipolysis without liposuction. Complications of mastectomy may include hematoma, surgical wound infection, breast asymmetry, changes in sensation in the breast, necrosis of the areola or nipple, seroma, noticeable or painful scars, and contour deformities. 
Selective estrogen receptor modulators may be beneficial in the treatment of gynecomastia but are not approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in gynecomastia. Aromatase inhibitors such as testolactone have been approved for the treatment of gynecomastia in children and adolescents. Tamoxifen may be used for painful gynecomastia in adults.
Radiation therapy and tamoxifen have been shown to help prevent gynecomastia and breast pain from developing in prostate cancer patients who will be receiving androgen deprivation therapy. The efficacy of these treatments is limited once gynecomastia has occurred and are therefore are most effective when used prophylactically. 
Many insurance companies deny coverage for surgery for gynecomastia treatment or male breast reduction on the basis that it is a cosmetic procedure.
Prognosis.
Gynecomastia is not physically harmful, but in some cases it may be an indicator of other more serious underlying conditions, such as testicular cancer. Growing glandular tissue, typically from some form of hormonal stimulation, is often tender or painful. Furthermore, it can frequently present social and psychological difficulties such as low self-esteem or shame for the sufferer. Weight loss can alter the condition in cases in which it is triggered by obesity, but losing weight will not reduce the glandular component and patients cannot target areas for weight loss. Massive weight loss can result in sagging tissues about the chest known as chest ptosis.
Epidemiology.
Gynecomastia has a trimodal peak of incidence and commonly presents in newborns, adolescents, and men older than 50 years of age, but most cases of newborn gynecomastia are self-limiting and resolve on their own. Thirty to sixty percent of male are estimated to exhibit sign of gynecomastia during their adolescence. Most cases of adolescent gynecomastia resolve within six months to two years. The prevalence of gynecomastia in men may have increased in recent years, but the epidemiology of gynecomastia is not fully understood. The use of anabolic steroids and exposure to xenoestrogens present in cosmetic products, organochlorine pesticides, and industrial chemicals have been suggested as possible factors driving this increase. According to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, breast reduction surgeries to correct gynecomastia are becoming increasingly common. In 2006, there were 14,000 procedures of this type performed in the United States.
Society and culture.
Derogatory terms for gynecomastia can include moobs (for male boobs) and bitch tits.

</doc>
<doc id="20556688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556688" title="Coral Amiga">
Coral Amiga

Coral Amiga is an English actress born in London. She is best known for her portrayal of Vorena the Elder, in the television series Rome. After attending The American School in London, she went on to receive a Bachelors Degree at New York University.

</doc>
<doc id="20556717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556717" title="French-Japanese">
French-Japanese

French(-)Japanese or Japanese(-)French may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20556738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556738" title="Nielsen Media Research">
Nielsen Media Research

Nielsen Media Research (NMR) is an American firm that measures media audiences, including television, radio, theatre films (via the AMC Theatres MAP program) and newspapers. NMR, headquartered in New York City, is best known for the Nielsen ratings, an audience measurement system of television viewership that for years has been the deciding factor in canceling or renewing television shows by television networks. As of May 2012, it is part of the Nielsen Company.
History.
Nielsen Media Research, once one of the largest media research companies in the world, began as a division of ACNielsen, a marketing research firm. In 1996, Nielsen Media Research was split off into an independent company and in 1999, was purchased by the Dutch conglomerate VNU. In 2001, VNU also purchased ACNielsen, thereby bringing both companies under the same corporate umbrella. VNU was reorganized and renamed the Nielsen Company in 2007.
The Nielsen TV Ratings have been produced in the USA since the 1950s and statistically measure which programs are watched by different segments of the population. The most well-known portion is the "diary". During the 4 sweeps months of February, May, July and November, Nielsen interviewers in Oldsmar, Florida and Radcliff, Kentucky ask homes to participate in filling out a diary of the programs watched in their home for a one week period. 
The Nielsen sample included roughly 1,700 audimeter homes and rotating board of nearly 850 diary respondents, by the early 1980s. Nielsen launched its Nielsen Homevideo Index (NHI) in 1980 to measure cable, pay cable, and VCRs, and the NHI began offering daily cable ratings in 1982. Nielsen’s continued to advance with steady changes into the mid 2000s (decade). Along with changing their counting methods, Nielsen also started emphasizing their sample in 2003 in reaction to census shifts and requests from some industry sectors. Nielsen’s automated Local People Meter (LPM) technology was introduced in New York and Los Angeles. The LPM improved the method of measurement from active and diary-based to passive and meter-monitored. More importantly, the LPM provides accurate measurements to particular local markets, verse a nation wide sample from the People meter. While diary-based surveys concentrated on quarterly “sweeps” periods, the industry has been pushed towards year-round measurement, due to the automated LPM system. 
Recently, Nielsen announced the launch of its A2M2 project that would measure television viewing in and out of the home.
Nielsen Media Research is a sister company to Nielsen NetRatings, which measures Internet and digital media audiences through a telephone and internet survey, and Nielsen BuzzMetrics, which measures Consumer-Generated Media.
Nielsen also conducts market research for the film industry through National Research Group (NRG).
Corporate affairs.
Nielsen has its headquarters in Lower Manhattan, New York City.
The company maintains an office in Oldsmar, Florida. Most of the employees of Nielsen Media Research work in Oldsmar, and the company's media measurement work originates from the office. The "Associated Press" said that the Oldsmar building, with a cost figure of $80 million, was "its so-called nerve center."
Initial Public Offering.
Nielsen went in for an IPO () in January 2011 and was the largest public offer in the United States in the previous four years. Being the largest IPO for a firm backed by private equity at $1.64 billion, the IPO was well received and closely watched by all big banks and private equity boutiques On March 1, 2011 they announced the appointment of Liz Zale as Senior Vice President for Investor Relations. Liz Zale was previously Vice President for Investor Relations at Moody's Corporation ().

</doc>
<doc id="20556745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556745" title="No Mundane Options">
No Mundane Options

No Mundane Options is The Paddingtons' second album, released on 3 November 2008, and released through their own Mama Bear record label.

</doc>
<doc id="20556755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556755" title="Scharsterbrug">
Scharsterbrug


</doc>
<doc id="20556762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556762" title="Rottum, Friesland">
Rottum, Friesland


</doc>
<doc id="20556764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556764" title="Rami Hakanpää">
Rami Hakanpää

Rami "Rambo" Hakanpää (born 9 October 1978 in Pori) is a Finnish footballer who plays for HJK in the Veikkausliiga.
Career.
Hakanpää started his footballing career at his local club FC Jazz and was signed by HJK in 2000. At HJK he became the fans favorite player, and he made his breakthrough during the 2003 season when HJK won both Finnish Cup and Veikkausliiga. After that Hakanpää had troubles with multiple injuries and spent almost two season in the sidelines. On 2007 he was signed by FC Honka.
On October 2010 Hakanpää was signed back by HJK.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20556766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556766" title="Denis Haines">
Denis Haines

Denis Haines is an English musician. He was a member of The Hollies. Later he played keyboards for Gary Numan and then formed New Wave band Dramatis in 1981 with Chris Payne, Russell Bell and Cedric Sharpley, all of whom were originally members of Gary Numan's backing band.

</doc>
<doc id="20556770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556770" title="Rotsterhaule">
Rotsterhaule


</doc>
<doc id="20556780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556780" title="Rotstergaast">
Rotstergaast


</doc>
<doc id="20556798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556798" title="Myocardial infarction">
Myocardial infarction

Myocardial infarction (from , MI) or acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is the medical term for an event commonly known as a heart attack. It happens when blood stops flowing properly to part of the heart and the heart muscle is injured due to not receiving enough oxygen. Usually this is because one of the coronary arteries that supplies blood to the heart develops a blockage due to an unstable buildup of white blood cells, cholesterol and fat. The event is called "acute" if it is sudden and serious.
A person having an acute MI usually has sudden chest pain that is felt behind the breast bone and sometimes travels to the left arm or the left side of the neck. Additionally, the person may have shortness of breath, sweating, nausea, vomiting, abnormal heartbeats, and anxiety. Women experience fewer of these symptoms than men, but usually have shortness of breath, weakness, a feeling of indigestion, and fatigue. In many cases, in some estimates as high as 64%, the person does not have chest pain or other symptoms. These are called "silent" myocardial infarctions.
Important risk factors are previous cardiovascular disease, old age, tobacco smoking, high blood levels of certain lipids (low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides) and low levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, diabetes, high blood pressure, lack of physical activity, obesity, chronic kidney disease, excessive alcohol consumption, and the use of cocaine and amphetamines. The main way to determine if a person has had a myocardial infarction are electrocardiograms (ECGs) that trace the electrical signals in the heart and testing the blood for substances associated with damage to the heart muscle. Common blood tests are creatine kinase (CK-MB) and troponin. ECG testing is used to differentiate between two types of myocardial infarctions based on the shape of the tracing. An ST section of the tracing higher than the baseline is called an ST elevation MI (STEMI) which usually requires more aggressive treatment.
Immediate treatments for a suspected MI include aspirin, which prevents further blood from clotting, and sometimes nitroglycerin to treat chest pain and oxygen. STEMI is treated by restoring circulation to the heart, called reperfusion therapy, and typical methods are angioplasty, where the arteries are pushed open, and thrombolysis, where the blockage is removed using medications. Non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) may be managed with medication, although angioplasty may be required if the person is considered to be at high risk. People who have multiple blockages of their coronary arteries, particularly if they also have diabetes, may also be treated with bypass surgery (CABG). Ischemic heart disease, which includes MI, angina, and heart failure when it happens after MI, was the leading cause of death for both men and women worldwide in 2011.
Signs and symptoms.
The onset of symptoms in myocardial infarction (MI) is usually gradual, over several minutes, and rarely instantaneous. Chest pain is the most common symptom of acute MI and is often described as a sensation of tightness, pressure, or squeezing. Chest pain due to ischemia (a lack of blood and hence oxygen supply) of the heart muscle is termed angina pectoris. Pain radiates most often to the left arm, but may also radiate to the lower jaw, neck, right arm, back, and epigastrium, where it may mimic heartburn. Levine's sign, in which patients localize the chest pain by clenching their fists over their sternums, has classically been thought to be predictive of cardiac chest pain, although a prospective observational study showed it had a poor positive predictive value.
Shortness of breath (dyspnea) occurs when the damage to the heart limits the output of the left ventricle, causing left ventricular failure and consequent pulmonary edema. Other symptoms include diaphoresis (an excessive form of sweating), weakness, light-headedness, nausea, vomiting, and palpitations. These symptoms are likely induced by a massive surge of catecholamines from the sympathetic nervous system which occurs in response to pain and the hemodynamic abnormalities that result from cardiac dysfunction. Loss of consciousness (due to inadequate cerebral perfusion and cardiogenic shock) and sudden death (frequently due to the development of ventricular fibrillation) can occur in MIs.
Female, elderly, and diabetic patients report atypical symptoms more frequently than their male and younger counterparts. Women also report more numerous symptoms compared with men (2.6 on average vs. 1.8 symptoms in men). The most common symptoms of MI in women include dyspnea, weakness, and fatigue. Fatigue, sleep disturbances, and dyspnea have been reported as frequently occurring symptoms that may manifest as long as one month before the actual clinically manifested ischemic event. In women, chest pain may be less predictive of coronary ischemia than in men. Women may also experience back or jaw pain during an episode.
At least one-fourth of all MIs are silent, without chest pain or other symptoms. These cases can be discovered later on electrocardiograms, using blood enzyme tests or at autopsy without a prior history of related complaints. Estimates of the prevalence of silent MIs vary between 22 and 64%. A silent course is more common in the elderly, in patients with diabetes mellitus and after heart transplantation, probably because the donor heart is not fully innervated by the nervous system of the recipient. In people with diabetes, differences in pain threshold, autonomic neuropathy, and psychological factors have been cited as possible explanations for the lack of symptoms.
Any group of symptoms compatible with a sudden interruption of the blood flow to the heart are called an acute coronary syndrome.
The differential diagnosis includes other catastrophic causes of chest pain, such as pulmonary embolism, aortic dissection, pericardial effusion causing cardiac tamponade, tension pneumothorax, and esophageal rupture. Other noncatastrophic differentials include gastroesophageal reflux and Tietze's syndrome.
Causes.
Many of these risk factors are modifiable, so many heart attacks can be prevented by maintaining a healthier lifestyle. Physical activity, for example, is associated with a lower risk profile. Nonmodifiable risk factors include age, sex, and family history of an early heart attack, which is thought of as reflecting a genetic predisposition. The effect of education is partially based on its effect on income and marital status.
Lifestyle.
Smoking appears to be the cause of about 36% and obesity the cause of 20% of coronary artery disease. Lack of exercise has been linked to 7-12% of cases. Job stress appears to play a minor role, accounting for about 3% of cases. Chronic high stress levels may cause some cases.
Tobacco smoking, including secondhand smoke Short-term exposure to air pollution, including carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide, and sulfur dioxide, but not ozone. Lack of physical activity Psychosocial factors including, low socioeconomic status, social isolation, negative emotions and stress increase the risk of and are associated with worse outcomes after MI. Socioeconomic factors such as a shorter education and lowerincome (particularly in women), and unmarried cohabitation are also correlated with a higher risk of MI. Alcohol — prolonged exposure to high quantities of alcohol can increase the risk of heart attack.
Disease.
Diabetes mellitus (type 1 or 2), high blood pressure dyslipidemia/hypercholesterolemia (abnormal levels of lipoproteins in the blood), particularly high low-density lipoprotein, low high-density lipoproteinand high triglycerides Obesity (defined by a body mass index of more than 30 kg/m², or alternatively by waist circumference or waist-hip ratio).
A number of acute and chronic infections including: "Chlamydophila pneumoniae", influenza, "Helicobacter pylori", and "Porphyromonas gingivalis" among others have been linked to atherosclerosis and myocardial infarction. --> There is as of 2013 no evidence of benefit from antibiotics or vaccination, however, calling the association into question.
Other.
Older age Male sex: at any given age, men are more at risk than women, particularly before menopause, but because in general women live longer than men, ischemic heart disease causes slightly more total deaths in women. Family history of ischaemic heart disease or MI, particularly if one has a first-degree relative (father, brother, mother, sister) who suffered a 'premature' myocardial infarction (defined as occurring at or younger than age 55 years (men) or 65 (women).
Oral contraceptive pill – women who use combined oral contraceptive pills have a modestly increased risk of myocardial infarction, especially in the presence of other risk factors, such as smoking.
An increased incidence of a heart attack is associated with time of day especially in the morning hours, more specifically around 9 am.
Pathophysiology.
Acute myocardial infarction refers to two subtypes of acute coronary syndrome, namely non-ST-elevated and ST-elevated MIs, which are most frequently (but not always) a manifestation of coronary artery disease. The most common triggering event is the disruption of an atherosclerotic plaque in an epicardial coronary artery, which leads to a clotting cascade, sometimes resulting in total occlusion of the artery. Atherosclerosis is the gradual buildup of cholesterol and fibrous tissue in plaques in the wall of arteries (in this case, the coronary arteries), typically over decades. Blood stream column irregularities visible on angiography reflect artery lumen narrowing as a result of decades of advancing atherosclerosis. Plaques can become unstable, rupture, and additionally promote a thrombus (blood clot) that occludes the artery; this can occur in minutes. When a severe enough plaque rupture occurs in the coronary vasculature, it leads to MI (necrosis of downstream myocardium).
If impaired blood flow to the heart lasts long enough, it triggers a process called the ischemic cascade; the heart cells in the territory of the occluded coronary artery die (chiefly through necrosis) and do not grow back. A collagen scar forms in their place. Recent studies indicate that another form of cell death, apoptosis, also plays a role in the process of tissue damage subsequent to MI. As a result, the patient's heart will be permanently damaged. This myocardial scarring also puts the patient at risk for potentially life-threatening arrhythmias, and may result in the formation of a ventricular aneurysm that can rupture with catastrophic consequences.
Injured heart tissue conducts electrical impulses more slowly than normal heart tissue. The difference in conduction velocity between injured and uninjured tissue can trigger re-entry or a feedback loop that is believed to be the cause of many lethal arrhythmias. The most serious of these arrhythmias is ventricular fibrillation (V-Fib/VF), an extremely fast and chaotic heart rhythm that is the leading cause of sudden cardiac death. Another life-threatening arrhythmia is ventricular tachycardia (V-tach/VT), which may or may not cause sudden cardiac death. However, VT usually results in rapid heart rates that prevent the heart from pumping blood effectively. Cardiac output and blood pressure may fall to dangerous levels, which can lead to further coronary ischemia and extension of the infarct.
The cardiac defibrillator device was specifically designed to terminate these potentially fatal arrhythmias. The device works by delivering an electrical shock to the patient to depolarize a critical mass of the heart muscle, in effect "rebooting" the heart. This therapy is time-dependent, and the odds of successful defibrillation decline rapidly after the onset of cardiopulmonary arrest.
Myocardial infarction results from atherosclerosis. Inflammation is known to be an important step in the process ofatherosclerotic plaque formation. C-reactive protein (CRP) is a sensitive but nonspecific marker for inflammation. Elevated CRP blood levels, especially measured with high-sensitivity assays, can predict the risk of MI, as well as stroke and development of diabetes. Moreover, some drugs for MI might also reduce CRP levels. The use of high-sensitivity CRP assays as a means of screening the general population is advised against, but it may be used optionally at the physician's discretion in patients who already present with other risk factors or known coronary artery disease. Whether CRP plays a direct role in atherosclerosis remains uncertain.
Calcium deposition is another part of atherosclerotic plaque formation. Calcium deposits in the coronary arteries can be detected with CT scans. Several studies have shown that coronary calcium can provide predictive information beyond that of classical risk factors.
Hyperhomocysteinemia (high homocysteine) in homocysteinuria is associated with premature atherosclerosis,whether elevated homocysteine in the normal range is causal is contentious.
Pathological types.
The two main types of acute myocardial infarction, based on pathology, are:
Diagnosis.
A cardiac troponin rise accompanied by either typical symptoms, pathological Q waves, ST elevation or depression, or coronary intervention is diagnostic of MI. 
WHO criteria formulated in 1979 have classically been used to diagnose MI; a patient is diagnosed with MI if two (probable) or three (definite) of the following criteria are satisfied:
At autopsy, a pathologist can diagnose an MI based onanatomopathological findings.
Classification.
Myocardial infarctions are generally classified into ST elevation MI (STEMI) and non-ST elevation MI (NSTEMI). A STEMI is the combination of symptoms related to poor oxygenation of the heart with elevation of the ST segments on the electrocardiogram followed by an increase in proteins in the blood related to heart muscles death. They make up abut 25 to 40 percent of cases.
The phrase "heart attack" is often used non-specifically to refer to a myocardial infarction and to sudden cardiac death. An MI is different from, but can cause cardiac arrest, which is the stopping of the heartbeat. It is also distinct from heart failure, in which the pumping action of the heart is impaired. However; an MI may lead to heart failure.
A 2007 consensus document classifies MI into five main types:
Electrocardiogram.
For a person to qualify as having an STEMI, the ECG must show new ST elevation in two or more contiguous leads. This must be greater than 2 mm (0.2 mV) for males and greater than 1.5 mm (0.15mV) in females if in leads V2 and V3 or greater than 1 mm (0.1 mV) if it is in other ECG leads. A left bundle branch block (LBBB) that is believed to be new used to be considered the same as ST elevation; however, no longer is. In early STEMIs there may just be peaked T wave with ST elevation developing later.
Cardiac biomarkers.
While there are a number of different biomarkers, troponins, are considered to be the best.
Imaging.
A chest radiograph and routine blood tests may indicate complications or precipitating causes, and are often performed upon arrival to an emergency department. New regional wall motion abnormalities on an echocardiogram are also suggestive of an MI. Echo may be performed in equivocal cases by the on-call cardiologist. In stable patients whose symptoms have resolved by the time of evaluation, technetium (99mTc) sestamibi (i.e. a "MIBI scan") or thallium-201 chloride can be used in nuclear medicine to visualize areas of reduced blood flow in conjunction with physiological or pharmacological stress. Thallium may also be used to determine viability of tissue, distinguishing whether nonfunctional myocardium is actually dead or merely in a state of hibernation or of being stunned.
Medical societies recommend that the physician confirm a person is at high risk for myocardial infarction before conducting imaging tests to make a diagnosis. Patients who have a normal ECG and who are able to exercise, for example, do not merit routine imaging. Imaging tests such as stress radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging or stressechocardiography can confirm a diagnosis when a patient's history, physical exam, ECG, and cardiac biomarkers suggest the likelihood of a problem.
Prevention.
The risk of a recurrent MI decreases with strict blood pressure management and lifestyle changes, chiefly smoking cessation, regular exercise, a sensible diet for those with heart disease, and limitation of alcohol intake. People are usually started on several long-term medications after an MI, with the aim of preventing further cardiovascular events such MIs, congestive heart failure, or cerebrovascular accident. Unless contraindicated, such medications may include:
Management.
An MI requires immediate medical attention. Treatment attempts to save as much myocardium as possible and to prevent further complications, hence the phrase "time is muscle". Oxygen, aspirin, and nitroglycerin may be administered. Morphine was classically used if nitroglycerin was not effective; however, it may increase mortality in the setting of NSTEMI. Reviews of high flow oxygen in myocardial infarction found increased mortality and infarct size, calling into question the recommendation about its routine use. Other analgesics such as nitrous oxide are of unknown benefit.
STEMI.
Immediate.
Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is the treatment of choice for STEMI if it can be performed in a timely manner. If PCI cannot be performed within 90 to 120 minutes then fibrinolysis, preferably within 30 minutes, is recommended. If after fibrinolysis, significant cardiogenic shock, continued severe chest pain, or less than a 50% improvement in ST elevation after 90 minutes occurs, then rescue PCI is indicated emergently. After PCI, people are generally placed on dual antiplatelet therapy for at least a year (which is generally aspirin and clopidogrel).
Long term.
Beta blockers are recommended in those without signs off heart failure or a heart block. If used they should be started in the first 24 hours.
Prognosis.
The prognosis after MI varies greatly, depending on a person's health, the extent of the heart damage, and the treatment given. 
In those who have an STEMI in the United States between 5 to 6 percent die before leaving hospital and 7 to 18 percent die within a year.
Using variables available in the emergency room, people with a higher risk of adverse outcome can be identified. One study found 0.4% of patients with a low-risk profile died after 90 days, whereas in high-risk people it was 21.1%.
Some risk factors for death include: age, hemodynamic parameters (such as heart failure, cardiac arrest on admission, systolic blood pressure, or Killip class of two or greater), ST-segment deviation, diabetes, serum creatinine, peripheral vascular disease, and elevation of cardiac markers. Assessment of left ventricular ejection fraction may increase the predictive power. Prognosis is worse if a mechanical complication such as papillary muscle or myocardial free wall rupture occurs. Morbidity and mortality from myocardial infarction has improved over the years due to better treatment.
Complications.
Complications may occur immediately following the heart attack (in the acute phase), or may need time to develop (a chronic problem). Acute complications may include heart failure if the damaged heart is no longer able to pump blood adequately around the body; aneurysm or rupture of the myocardium; mitral regurgitation, in particular if the infarction causes dysfunction of the papillary muscle; Dressler's syndrome; and arrhythmias, such as ventricular fibrillation, ventricular tachycardia, atrial fibrillation, and heart block. Longer-term complications include heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and the increased risk of a second MI.
Epidemiology.
Myocardial infarction is a common presentation of coronary artery disease. The World Health Organization estimated in 2004, that 12.2% of worldwide deaths were from ischemic heart disease; with it being the leading cause of death in high- or middle-income countries and second only to lower respiratory infections in lower-income countries. Worldwide, more than 3 million people have STEMIs and 4 million have NSTEMIs a year. STEMI's occur about twice as often in men as women.
Rates of death from ischemic heart disease (IHD)have slowed or declined in most high-income countries, although cardiovascular disease still accounted for one in three of all deaths in the USA in 2008. In contrast, IHD is becoming a more common cause of death in the developing world. For example in India, IHD had become the leading cause of death by 2004, accounting for 1.46 million deaths (14% of total deaths) and deaths due to IHD were expected to double during 1985–2015. Globally, disability adjusted life years (DALYs) lost to ischemic heart disease are predicted to account for 5.5% of total DALYs in 2030, making it the second-most-important cause of disability (after unipolar depressive disorder), as well as the leading cause of death by this date.
Society and culture.
In the United States, women who have had an MI are often treated with less medical interventions than men.
Economics.
In 2011, AMI was one of the top five most expensive conditions seen during inpatient hospitalizations in the U.S., with an aggregate cost of about $11.5 billion for 612,000 hospital stays.
Legal implications.
At common law, in general, a myocardial infarction is a disease, but may sometimes be an injury. This can create coverage issues in administration of no-fault insurance schemes such as workers' compensation. In general, a heart attack is not covered; however, it may be a work-related injury if it results, for example, from unusual emotional stress or unusual exertion. In addition, in some jurisdictions, heart attacks suffered by persons in particular occupations such as police officers may be classified as line-of-duty injuries by statute or policy. In some countries or states, a person having suffered from an MI may be prevented from participating in activity that puts other people's lives at risk, for example driving a car or flying an airplane.
Research.
Patients who receive stem cell treatment by coronary artery injections of stem cells derived from their own bone marrow after an MI show improvements in left ventricular ejection fraction and end-diastolic volume not seen with placebo. The larger the initial infarct size, the greater the effect of the infusion. Clinical trials of progenitor cell infusion as a treatment approach to STEMI are proceeding.
Currently, three biomaterial and tissue engineering approaches are used for the treatment of post-MI conditions, but these are in an even earlier stage of medical research. Many questions and issues must be addressed before they can be applied to patients. The first involves polymeric left ventricular restraints in the prevention of heart failure. The second uses "in vitro"-engineered cardiac tissue, which is subsequently implanted "in vivo". The final approach entails injecting cells and/or a scaffold into the myocardium to create "in situ"-engineered cardiac tissue.

</doc>
<doc id="20556799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556799" title="Church of San Macuto">
Church of San Macuto

The church of San Macuto is a church on piazza di San Macuto in the Colonna rione of Rome, next to the Jesuit Collegio San Roberto Bellarmino in the Palazzo Gabrielli-Borromeo. It is the only church in Italy dedicated to the Breton saint Malo.
History.
First recorded in 1192, the church of San Macuto has had several owners at different times. In the second half of the 13th century it was dependent on San Marcello al Corso, then later it belonged to the Dominicans from the neighbouring Santa Maria sopra Minerva (confirmed by Niccolo III in 1279). In the year 1422 it was described as a parish church. Leone X joined the parish with that of St. Peter's Basilica in 1516, giving it to the Fraternity of the Bergamo in 1539.
The Bergamo monks changed the saint it was dedicated to from Bartholemew to Alexander of Bergamo and the church got a new fascia around 1560. The fascia was a project of the Ferraran architect Giovanni Alberto de Galvani and it was partially reconstructed 1577-1585 to the design of Francesco Capriani da Volterra.
Following a decision by Pope Benedict XIII, the Bergamo monks bequeathed their church to the Jesuits from the neighbouring palazzo in 1725-1726. They moved to a church then called Santa Maria della Pietà instead, and changed its name to Santi Bartolomeo ed Alessandro dei Bergamaschi (on the Piazza Colonna). The Jesuits rededicated the church to Saint Malo, following the vicissitudes of history together with the adjacent palazzo (later called Palazzo Gabrielli-Borromeo), which had longer been known as belonging to the Jesuits. It served as the church for the Pontifical Roman Seminary, the Board of Ecclesiastical Nobles, the Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum and the Pontifical Gregorian University (1873=1930). Since 1942 it has been part of the Collegio Bellarmino, formerly belonging to the Roman Province of Jesuits, now an international home for the religious order.
Dedication.
Saint Malo originally came from Wales. He was a member of a monastic community in Llancarvan founded by Saint Cadoc. He emigrated to Brittany (according to Saint Brendan the Navigator, his spiritual master). He stayed at Aleth and founded a monastery, which became the evangelical centre for the neighbouring countryside. He was consecrated as the first bishop of Aleth. However, he died at Saintes where he was buried in either 640 or 621. He has been venerated as a saint in Brittany from the start of the 11th century. When the area around Aleth became a new city in the 12th century it took his name, Saint-Malo. Malo is also venerated in Winchester and Rome, in the churches named after him. His saint's day is 15 November.
Architecture.
The single nave church has a facade constructed in the 15th century, initially designed by G.A. de Galvani. The entryway was further elaborated by Francesco da Volterra around 1575. The interior underwent modifications in 1819 by the architect Benedetto Piernicoli, replacing the original wooden ceiling.
Interior decoration.
The Bergamo monks who left the church to the Jesuits took all the furniture to their new home on the Piazza Colonna. The new owners decided to decorate the interior of the church using the three fifteenth-century altars that remained.
The altar of the left wall was built around 1575 by Francesco da Volterra. It has an elegant aedicula with two pilasters with grooved sides and a triangular tympanum made of paonazzetto. The opposite altar is similar but complementary and is made of stucco. The main altar is decorated with a pair of columns made from African marble. It is crowned with a typanum with a lunette.
The left altar has a painting by Michelangelo Cerruti, depicting "The Sacred Heart adored by the Saints John Nepomuk and Louis Gonzaga" (1730s). Cerruti was commissioned by the Jesuits to complete paintings for all the altars. These included the "Virgin appears to San Macuto" for the main altar, and a "Glory of St Joseph" for the right altar. The San Macuto painting depicts the church of San Macuto and the city of Saint Malo. Previously the church had painings by Girolamo Muziano, Giuseppe Peruzzini, and Durante Alberti.

</doc>
<doc id="20556802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556802" title="Machal Lalung">
Machal Lalung

Machal Lalung was an Indian from the village of Khalagaon (now Silchang) in Morigaon, Assam, who spent 64 years in an Indian jail without facing trial.
Early days.
Lalung was the youngest child of Lodor and Bihumoti Lalung. They belonged to the Mathanlai clan of the Tiwa (Lalung) tribe, and had come from the hills to settle in the Khalagaon area, but his parents died when he was young, forcing him to live with his older sister’s family.
Arrest.
It was the time of British rule in India and the whole world was then witnessing World War II. Lalung was arrested in his home village in 1941, aged 23, under section 326 of the Indian Penal Code for "causing grievous harm", a charge which normally results in a sentence of no more than 10 years’ imprisonment, though civil rights organisations who recently investigated the case apparently found "no substantive evidence" to support the charge.
Assumptions behind arrest.
There may be, as it is assumed, two reasons behind Lalung’s arrest. Firstly, he could speak no Hindi, English or even Assamese but only Tiwa language. Maybe Army officials, getting no proper response from him, arrested him. Secondly, he looked like Japanese people. He might be mistaken for Japanese spy, which led him to the arrest.
Detention.
Less than a year after his arrest, Lalung was transferred to a psychiatric institution in Tezpur, and apparently forgotten. In 1967, doctors certified Lalung as "fully fit", but instead of being released, he was transferred to a jail in Guwahati, where he remained until his release.
Release.
In 2003, local human rights groups brought Lalung's case to the attention of the National Human Rights Commission of India. As a result of the Commission’s intervention, his case was heard and he was released on June 1, 2005, after paying a token bond of one Indian rupee.
Compensation.
Following his release, the Indian Supreme Court, taking suo motu notice, ordered the State Government to pay Lalung a compensation of Rs. 3 lakh and a monthly assistance of Rs. 1,000 for life.
After the release.
Lalung's sister had died in 2000, leaving Lalung with no family or relatives. After Lalung's release, he was taken back to his village, where only one villager recognised him. "We handed him over to the village headman but could not find his family or relatives" said a police official.
Lalung died on December 25, 2007.
In film.
"Freedom at the Edge" is a short film by Aneisha Sharma, based on Lalung's story.
Machal or Machang.
Pranjal Kumar Mahanta, a correspondent of Assamese magazine "Bismoi", met Lalung while preparing a report about him, and showed him a copy of Aneisha Sharm’s film. Lalung reportedly told him that his name was "Machal", and not "Machang" as shown in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20556806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556806" title="Rohel">
Rohel


</doc>
<doc id="20556817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556817" title="Mid-German Crystalline High">
Mid-German Crystalline High

The Mid-German Crystalline High (or Mid-German High) is a structural high in the Paleozoic geology of Germany. The high forms a northeast-southwest oriented zone through Germany, but actual rock outcrops are sparse since Paleozoic basement rocks are in most of central Germany overlain by younger sedimentary rocks. The Mid-German Crystalline High crops out in the Odenwald, the Spessart, the northern Vosges and some small other massifs. 
Structure.
The Mid-German Crystalline High forms the northern part of the Saxothuringian Zone of the Hercynian orogeny. To the northwest it is bounded by the Northern Phyllite Zone (slightly metamorphosed sediments of mid-Paleozoic age), part of the Rhenohercynian Zone. Southeast of the Mid-German High lies a zone where early to mid-Paleozoic sediments of the Saxothuringian Basin crop out, metamorphosed during the Hercynian orogeny. Supposedly, during the mid-Paleozoic (Devonian and early Carboniferous) the Mid-German Crystalline High formed an area were not much deposition took place, perhaps an archipelago, between two marine or oceanic basins (the Rhenohercynian Basin to the north, the Saxothuringian Basin to the south). Some authors assume the northern basin's oceanic crust subducted beneath the Mid-German High.
Lithologies.
The zone consists of Proterozoic orthogneisses and early Paleozoic volcanic (amphibolites with MORB-protoliths and tuffs) and sedimentary (pelites, calcareous schists and marbles) rocks that were metamorphosed at high grade during the Hercynian orogeny (up to amphibolite facies). These rocks were intruded by two generations of plutons: Silurian to Early Devonian (440-400 million years old) granitoids and middle Carboniferous (Hercynian, 340-325 million years old) granites.

</doc>
<doc id="20556824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556824" title="Pimm Fox">
Pimm Fox

Pimm Fox is the news anchor of "Taking Stock", a program of business interviews and financial news analysis broadcast daily on Bloomberg Radio & Bloomberg Television, subsidiaries of Bloomberg L.P.. Together with guest representatives and financial experts he guides an in-depth discussion of industry and market trends.
Personal life.
Fox was born in Brooklyn, NY in 1960. He attended New York City public schools and graduated high school from Collegiate School (New York). He earned his bachelor's degree at Columbia College, Columbia University. He served in the US Navy.
Career.
Prior to joining Bloomberg in 2006, Fox worked for the Dow Jones News Service in London, where he was in charge of financial services coverage for Europe, Middle East and Africa. He has also previously worked as the West Coast Bureau Chief and columnist for Computer World magazine and Business Editor of the San Francisco Chronicle. 
Fox has been a regularly featured guest on CNBC Europe, "Squawk Box", as well as BBC News, BBC World Service and ITV News. His articles have appeared in Institutional Investor, Newsweek, The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and Barron's.
While at Bloomberg, he has interviewed a diverse group of people, including David Shaw of DE Shaw, Jim Clark of Netscape and WebMD, Eli Broad of SunAmerica and Warren Buffett of Berkshire Hathaway.

</doc>
<doc id="20556836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556836" title="Loch Ness">
Loch Ness

Loch Ness (; , ) is a large, deep, freshwater loch in the Scottish Highlands extending for approximately southwest of Inverness. Its surface is above sea level. Loch Ness is best known for alleged sightings of the cryptozoological Loch Ness Monster, also known affectionately as "Nessie". It is connected at the southern end by the River Oich and a section of the Caledonian Canal to Loch Oich. At the northern end there is the Bona Narrows which opens out into Loch Dochfour, which feeds the River Ness and a further section of canal to Inverness. It is one of a series of interconnected, murky bodies of water in Scotland; its water visibility is exceptionally low due to a high peat content in the surrounding soil.
Loch Ness is the second largest Scottish loch by surface area at after Loch Lomond, but due to its great depth, it is the largest by volume. Its deepest point is , making it the second deepest loch in Scotland after Loch Morar. It contains more fresh water than all the lakes in England and Wales combined, and is the largest body of water on the Great Glen Fault, which runs from Inverness in the north to Fort William in the south.
Villages and places.
At Drumnadrochit is "The Loch Ness Centre and Exhibition" which examines the natural history and legend of Loch Ness. Boat cruises operate from various locations on the loch shore, giving visitors the chance to look for the "monster".
Urquhart Castle is located on the Western shore, east of Drumnadrochit.
Lighthouses are located at Lochend (Bona Lighthouse) and Fort Augustus.
Monster.
Loch Ness is the alleged home of the Loch Ness Monster (also known as "Nessie"), a cryptid, reputedly a large unknown animal. It is similar to other supposed lake monsters in Scotland and elsewhere, though its description varies from one account to the next. Popular interest and belief in the animal's existence has varied since it was first brought to the world's attention in 1933.
Island.
The only island on Loch Ness is Cherry Island, visible at its southwestern end, near Fort Augustus. It is a crannog, which is a form of artificial island. Most crannogs were constructed during the Iron Age.
There was formerly a second island (Dog Island) which was submerged when the water level was raised during the construction of the Caledonian Canal.
Hydroelectricity.
Loch Ness serves as the lower storage reservoir for the Foyers pumped-storage hydroelectric scheme, which was the first of its kind in United Kingdom. The turbines were originally used to provide power for a nearby aluminium smelting plant, but now electricity is generated and supplied to the National Grid. Another scheme, the 100 MW Glendoe Hydro Scheme near Fort Augustus, began generation in June 2009 producing 76 gigawatt hours in its first months of operation, It was out of service between 2009 and 2012 for repair of the tunnels connecting the reservoir to the turbines
Geology.
Loch Ness lies along the Great Glen Fault, which forms a line of weakness in the rocks which has been excavated by glacial erosion, forming the Great Glen and the basins of Loch Lochy, Loch Oich and Loch Ness.
Loch Ness records.
John Cobb lost his life in an attempt at the water speed record when his boat "Crusader" struck a wake on the surface of the loch in 1952.
On 31 August 1974, David Scott Munro, of Ross-shire Caberfeidh Water Ski Club, became the first person in the world to water ski (mono ski) the length of Loch Ness. From Lochend to Fort Augustus and back, he covered the in 77 minutes at an average speed of .
Brenda Sherratt was the first person to swim along the length of Loch Ness in Scotland in 31 hours and 27 minutes in July 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20556839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556839" title="Coalition for Networked Information">
Coalition for Networked Information

The Coalition for Networked Information (CNI) is an organization whose mission is to promote networked information technology as a way to further the advancement of intellectual collaboration and productivity.
Overview.
The Coalition for Networked Information (CNI), a joint initiative of the Association of Research Libraries (ARL) and EDUCAUSE, promotes the use of digital information technology to advance scholarship and education. In establishing the Coalition under the leadership of founding Executive Director Paul Evan Peters, these sponsor organizations sought to broaden the community’s thinking beyond issues of network connectivity and bandwidth to encompass digital content and advanced applications to create, share, disseminate, and analyze such content in the service of research and education. CNI works on a broad array of issues related to the development and use of digital information in the research and education communities. 
CNI fosters connections and collaboration between library and information technology communities, representing the interests of a wide range of member organizations from higher education, publishing, networking and telecommunications, information technology, government agencies, foundations, museums, libraries, and library organizations. Based in Washington, DC, CNI holds semi-annual membership meetings that serve as a bellwether for digital information issues and projects. CNI also hosts invitational conferences, co-sponsors related meetings and conferences, issues reports, advises government agencies and funders, and supports a variety of networked information initiatives.
History.
In 1990, the Association of Research Libraries (ARL), Educom, and CAUSE joined together to form CNI to create a collaborative project focused on high speed networking that would integrate the interests of academic and research libraries (ARL) and computing in higher education (Educom and CAUSE). Educom and CAUSE consolidated their organizations in 1998 to form EDUCAUSE, which is now one half of the partnership that oversees CNI. Structurally, CNI is a program of its founding associations with administrative oversight provided by ARL; it is not a legally separate entity. CNI’s oversight is provided by the boards and CEOs of the founding organizations, and a Steering Committee guides its program. 
Paul Evan Peters was the founding Executive Director; Joan Lippincott, also joined CNI as the Associate Executive Director at that time. In 1997, Clifford Lynch assumed the role of Executive Director, and continues to serve in that capacity as of 2013. CNI’s program has included projects in the areas of architectures and standards for networked information, scholarly communication, economics of networked information, Internet technology and infrastructure, teaching and learning, institutional and professional implications of the networked environment, and government information on the Internet.
Central themes.
The Coalition has played a central role in ensuring that the network richly engages the needs of scholarship, teaching and learning. We bring together many diverse groups that create and manage content, and work with these communities to advance the deployment and stewardship of networked information resources. Changes in scholarly practices (particularly those shorthanded by “e-science” or “e-research”) require a close and continuing examination of information creation, aggregation, exchange, reuse, and preservation throughout the research and education community and society broadly; these developments, and the evolving roles of higher education and cultural memory institutions in facilitating and supporting them are a central part of the CNI agenda. Working within these contexts and others, CNI furthers the development of economic, policy, social and legal frameworks to sustain the creation and management of digital information and facilitate its access.
The pervasiveness of ubiquitously accessible digital information is transforming institutions, professions, and the practices of learning and scholarship. CNI focuses on the unprecedented need for collaboration among libraries, information technology and instructional technology groups, faculty, museums, archives, university presses, and other units in order to achieve success in this environment. In addition, we promote new alliances and partnerships with publishers, information technology and network service providers, scholarly societies, government, and other sectors. Organizations must understand their constituencies and adapt their services and facilities to current needs; they must develop and share new strategies, policies, and best practices. Professions need to develop new competencies and enter into new dialogues that cross traditional disciplinary boundaries. CNI seeks to facilitate these collaborations and dialogues and to help professions and institutions work together in program strategy formulation.
The networked information environment relies on the development and deployment of standards and infrastructure components in order to enable the creation, discovery, use, and management of digital information on the Internet. The ability to use collections of resources in a unified, consistent fashion is essential and requires a continuing focus on interoperability of services. At the same time, promising new technologies need to be explored, assessed and tested, and sometimes adapted to the needs of the CNI community. No one institution acting alone can build the needed infrastructure or explore the full range of new technologies as they become available; it requires a coordinated, community-wide effort that also reaches out to other communities, such as the world of e-research. CNI seeks to highlight links between technology and policies at all levels, to offer a context for collaborative experiments and test beds, and to serve as a focal point for sharing knowledge about new technologies.

</doc>
<doc id="20556855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20556855" title="Joakim Norbeck">
Joakim Norbeck

Joakim Norbeck, born 1965, is a scientist in molecular biotechnology at Chalmers University, Gothenburg, Sweden. He received his Ph.D. from Gothenburg University in 1996 on a thesis entitled "Protein expression of yeast during growth under osmotic stress".

</doc>
