<doc id="20547027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547027" title="Pittsburgh Stars">
Pittsburgh Stars

The Pittsburgh Stars were a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1902. The team was member of what was referred to as the first National Football League, which has no connection with the National Football League of today. The whole league was a curious mixture of baseball and football. The Stars were managed and funded, on paper, by Dave Berry, the manager of the professional Latrobe Athletic Association. However the team was suspected of being secretly financed by the Pittsburgh Pirates. During the league's only year in existence, the Stars won the NFL's championship, beating out two teams that were financed by the owners of baseball's Philadelphia Athletics and the Philadelphia Phillies.
History.
Team origin.
The Stars, and the league, began as a part of the baseball wars between the National League and the newly formed American League, which began in . Across the state in Philadlephia, two major league teams fought for control of the city's baseball market. These teams were the Athletics, which were represented in the American League and the Phillies of the National League. The interleague fighting began when the Athletics lured several of the Phillies' players from their contracts, only to lose them again through court actions.
In 1902, Phillies owner John Rogers decided to start a football team, he therefore took control of the "Philadelphia Football Club" team and renamed them the Philadelphia Phillies. The Athletics owner, Ben Shibe, followed suit and fielded, named a team named Philadelphia Athletics, which was made-up of several baseball players as well as some local football players. He appointed his baseball manager Connie Mack as the team's general manager and named former Penn player, Charles "Blondy" Wallace as the team's coach. However both Rogers and Shibe knew that in order to lay claim to a "World Championship", they needed to have a team from Pittsburgh, which was the focal point of football at the time, in the new league. They called on pro football promoter Dave Berry, the former manager of football's first fully professional team, the Latrobe Athletic Association, to raise a Pittsburgh-based team for the two Philadelphia teams to face. Berry met with the two Philadelphia owners and agreed to establish a team. Due to the animosity between Rodgers and Shibe, Berry was then elected as league president.
Fielding the team.
Berry constructed his team from many of the key players that played for the Homestead Library & Athletic Club, on their professional football championship teams in 1900 and 1901. He then became the team's owner and manager. However, Berry's modest income showed that he couldn't possibly have the money to cover the salaries of the top pros the team employed, all by himself. Suspicion fell on William Chase Temple, the steelman who'd formerly backed the Homestead Library & Athletic Club and who was still an officer with the Pirates, and Barney Dreyfuss, the Pirates' owner. Both denied any connection to the team's finances, and Berry insisted he was the team's sole owner. No one believed them then, nor do any sports historians believe them now.
Regardless of who the team's owner was, Berry still made all the management decisions. And right away he alienated many potential fans in Pittsburgh when he decided to have his team train in Greensburg, 40 miles away. Berry stated that Greensburg's Natatorium provided better facilities than what could be found in Pittsburgh, but the public outrage continued. Even the benefits of breathing Greensburg's clear, country air failed to impress Pittsburghers who were used to constantly breathing highly polluted air in city during the early 1900s. Wrote one historian: "As far as the fans were concerned, Berry had deserted Pittsburgh and deprived them of the fun of watching practices for free." Berry then added another error by announcing that his team would play a couple of games in Greensburg, coming to Pittsburgh itself only for "big-money" games. As a result, the "Pittsburgh Press" took to calling them "the Greensburg team".
However Berry did build a top-notch team. As a player-coach he hired, a former Brown University All-American, Willis Richardson at quarterback. Richardson had quarterbacked the Homestead Library & Athletic Club in 1901. Having Richardson and the team's coach and quarterback, helped gain the respect of other former Homestead players, many of whom signed up immediately. The amount of players, who were considered the stars of football during the early 1900s, led to the team being named "The Stars". Howevet, like the Athletics and Phillies, the Stars had a few baseball players in their line-up. New York Giants pitcher Christy Mathewson became the team's fullback. He, along with Pittsburgh's Honus Wagner, would be one of the first five inductees into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Also Fred Crolius, who played several games for the Pirates' in 1902, lined-up in the Stars backfield.
With all the baseball involvement, training didn't get underway for the football teams until September 29, 1902 with the season was scheduled to open a week later on October 4. However, most of the players were already in shape. Besides the baseball players, many of the others had jobs that kept them in good condition. For example, Pittsburgh halfback Artie Miller joined the team after working as a lumberjack in Wisconsin that summer. To make the preseason even less stressful, the average football team in 1902 only used about six plays which were all standard.
1902 season.
The league played all of its games on Saturdays, since there were no Sunday sports events, in 1902, according to Pennsylvania's blue laws. The Stars played their home games at the Pittsburgh Coliseum, which was owned by William Chase Temple. However he continued to deny he had any part in the Stars. Meanwhile those individuals who suspected Dreyfuss as being one of the team's backers, were surprised that the team hadn't scheduled its games at Exposition Park, the Pirates' home.
The Stars first game, played at the Pittsburgh Coliseum was rained out. The Stars played many independent teams as well as the two Philadelphia teams that made up the NFL. The very next week, the Stars defeated the Pennsylvania Railroad Y.M.C.A. 30-0. In 1902, a regulation football field was 110 yards long with the midpoint falling at the 55-yard line. This length still used in the Canadian Football League. Because the Coliseum had been formatted for bicycle racing with a wooden track that completely encircled the field and cut off the ends, the Stars played on an "undersized" 100-yard field.
As the season progressed, Pittsburghers began to take interest in the Stars. In their first six games, the gave up no touchdowns. Meanwhile, the team never scored fewer than three touchdowns in any game. Sometimes they played local semi-pros like the Cottage and East End Athletic Clubs, while sometimes they played colleges, which was not uncommon in this era. The Stars won their game against Bucknell, Christy Mathewson's alma mater 24-0. Finally on November 4, in front of nearly 4,000 fans, the Stars beat the Philadelphia Phillies, 18-0 at the Coliseum.
However, the team's fortunes took a hit when Mathewson disappeared from the team. Some historians speculate that the Giants discovered that their star pitcher was risking his baseball career with the Stars and ordered him to stop. While other historians feel that coach Richardson got rid of Mathewson because he felt that since the fullback's punting skills were hardly used, he could replace him with local resident Shirley Ellis. However while Ellis, was a strong runner that was hard to knock down, he lacked Mathewson's punting skills. That factor cost Pittsburgh a game when the Stars went to Philadelphia to play against the Athletics. In the first half, Pittsburgh scored two touchdowns but failed to cash either extra point. The Athletics also got a touchdown and added the point. Up until 1912 a touchdown counted for only five points, so the score at the half stood 10-6. In the second half, the Athletics added a field goal to the score, which also counted as five points in 1902. Under modern scoring, the game would have been a 12-10 Pittsburgh victory. However in 1902 scoring rules, the game was it was 11-10, Philadelphia victory. If the Stars had scored either extra point, they could have avoided defeat.
Local fans were shocked at the Stars' loss. It was unheard of that a champion Pittsburgh pro team should ever lose. However just two weeks later, the Stars went back to Philadelphia and lost to the Phillies, 11-0. Berry needed to book a Thanksgiving Day football game, which usually drew many fans. After a game against Washington & Jefferson team fell through, Berry guaranteed Connie Mack $2,000 if the Athletics would come to Pittsburgh and play the Stars. Berry billed a game between the Stars and the Athletics as being for the championship of the National Football League. The Athletics had split on the season with the Phillies, as had Pittsburgh. However the team did defeat Pittsburgh 11-10 earlier in the season. A Philadelphia victory on Thanksgiving would give the A's the championship, but a win by the Stars would tie the race for the league title tighter. Mack agreed to the game, however he refused to play until his team was paid their guarantee of $2,000. With attendance at around 1,800 fans, it looked as if the game wouldn't be played. However Mack soon after received a check for $2,000 from William Corey, the head of Carnegie Steel who impatiently wanted to see the game. The Athletics and Stars played to a scoreless tie, meaning that Dave Berry's "championship game" hadn't decided anything.
1902 championship.
Another championship game was soon planned to take place two days later by Berry and Mack. But due to a lack of funds Berry almost ended up cancelling the game. He met with his players and explained that he couldn't pay them because William Temple had all of the team's money. However, promised the players, they would all share equally in Saturday's game, which would be a sell-out. After some complaints were addressed, the players reluctantly agreed. The crowd in Pittsburgh was a little better on Saturday, but not by much. About 2,000 fans showed up, and the Pittsburgh players knew before the game began that the gate receipts were going to come up shorter than what was promised. The game looked like it might once again end in a tie. However a late touchdown by Shirley Ellis and another by Artie Miller, led Pittsburgh to an 11-0 win over the Athletics.
However the Athletics players decided to call the Stars' win an exhibition, and declared themselves the champs. It should be pointed out though, that the team had agreed to that season-ending championship game against Pittsburgh two days after Thanksgiving, and they had lost it. This was recognized by all parties at the time as the championship game. Each team also carried a record of 2-2 for league play. However Pittsburgh had, by far, the best point ratio, scoring 39 points to their opponents' 22. Both the Athletics and the Phillies gave up more points than they scored in their league games. Finally, Dave Berry used his power as league president and name his Stars the 1902 champions.
Legacy.
Not many fans noticed the championship win. The Pittsburgh players were too busy suing William Temple for money that was owed to them for their Thanksgiving Day game to celebrate their victory, and the story disappeared from the newspapers before the suit was settled. In 1903 the war between American and National Leagues ended and the baseball-sponsored football teams disappeared, leaving many of the best pro players without teams. Most of the players played again with other teams such as the Franklin Athletic Club, the Canton Bulldogs and the Massillon Tigers over the next few years. The Philadelphia Athletics went home and defeated the Phillies to wrap up second place. The win gave them only the city championship since the season was won by Pittsburgh the week before. The Stars' did mark the end of Pittsburgh glory years as the cradle of pro football.

</doc>
<doc id="20547048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547048" title="The Constant Nymph (1928 film)">
The Constant Nymph (1928 film)

The Constant Nymph is a 1928 British silent film drama, directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ivor Novello and Mabel Poulton. This was the first film adaptation of the 1924 best-selling and controversial novel "The Constant Nymph" by Margaret Kennedy. The theme of adolescent sexuality reportedly discomfited the British film censors, until they were reassured that lead actress Poulton was in fact in her 20s.
Location filming took place in the Austrian Tyrol, and the film proved a commercial and critical success, being named the best British feature film of 1928. Jo Botting of the British Film Institute notes: "The progression through the film is from light to darkness, from space to enclosure and from hope to despair."
Plot.
Young composer Lewis Dodd (Novello) travels to Austria to visit his mentor Albert Sanger (Georg Henrich). He meets Sanger's teenage daughters Tessa (Poulton), Antonia (Benita Hume), and Pauline (Dorothy Boyd) and Sanger's third wife Linda (Mary Clare), who does not appear to be liked by Sanger's daughters. The atmosphere is jovial and celebratory, until Sanger dies very suddenly.
Lewis contacts the girls' uncle in Cambridge, who comes to Austria accompanied by his daughter Florence (Frances Doble). After a whirlwind courtship Lewis proposes to Florence, who eagerly accepts his offer of marriage. Tessa is distraught at the news. It is decided that Tessa and Pauline will be sent to a boarding school in England. Meanwhile Lewis and Florence attempt to settle down in London, but find that in the home setting things are very different and Lewis comes to feel trapped by the superficiality of London society and the realisation of his wife's ambitious, pushy nature.
Tessa and Pauline are unhappy at school and decide to run away, arriving at the home of Lewis and Florence on the evening on which Florence has arranged a musical recital designed to showcase Lewis' talents to her influential friends. Florence is extremely annoyed by the interruption to her evening and allows the girls to stay, but with ill-disguised bad grace. Lewis is angry at his wife's attitude, and ends up taking her to task in front of the gathering, leaving her humiliated.
The atmosphere in the household deteriorates as the attraction between Lewis and Tessa becomes increasingly obvious. Lewis begins to treat Florence with increasing disdain and lack of respect. As the date of Lewis' first public performance draws near, he decides to leave Florence after the concert, and Tessa agrees to leave with him. Florence is suspicious that something is afoot, challenges Tessa and the two end up in a serious argument, after which Florence forbids Tessa from attending the concert.
Left locked in alone at home on the evening of the concert, Tessa manages to escape through a window and makes her way to the theatre. Lewis' performance is a big success, but afterwards he ignores the congratulatory gathering Florence has assembled in his dressing room, and instead heads off with Tessa to catch the boat train for Belgium. Tessa begins to feel ill as she boards the boat and her condition deteriorates as the journey progresses. When they finally arrive at a dreary back-street lodging house in Brussels, it is clear that Tessa is seriously ill and the guilt-stricken Lewis begins to write a letter to Tessa's uncle begging for help and attempting to make it clear that he alone is responsible for the situation and Tessa has done nothing to merit reproach. Before he can finish the letter however, Tessa collapses and dies.
Preservation status.
Thought to have been lost, the film was found as a result of a 1992 British Film Institute campaign to locate missing movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20547051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547051" title="Michal Lipson">
Michal Lipson

Michal Lipson (born 1970) is an American physicist known for her work on silicon photonics. She is a professor at Cornell University in the school of electrical and computer engineering and a member of the Kavli Institute for Nanoscience at Cornell. She was named a 2010 MacArthur Fellow for contributions to silicon photonics especially towards enabling GHz silicon active devices .
Education.
After spending two years as a BS student at the Instituto de Física of the University of São Paulo, Dr. Lipson obtained a BS in physics from The Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in 1992. She went on to obtain a PhD in physics from the same university in 1998, with the thesis topic "Coupled Exciton-Photon Modes in Semiconductor Optical Microcavities." Dr. Lipson spent 2 years as a postdoctoral associate with Lionel Kimerling at MIT, and then accepted a position at Cornell University in 2001.
Research.
Dr. Lipson is best known for her work on silicon photonics. She developed (along with other researchers around the world at IBM, Intel, Ghent University) silicon photonic components such as waveguide couplers, ring resonators, modulators, detectors, WDM wavelength sources and sensors on silicon platform. She published the first paper on a class of versatile waveguides known as Slot-waveguides in 2004, which has since been cited over a hundred times. She was also the first to demonstrate optical parametric gain in silicon, which was considered an important step towards building optical amplifiers in silicon.
Lipson's McArthur fellowship citation mentions her work in ring modulators (circular waveguides) as the key contribution of Lipson via the continued refinement of both opto-electronic and purely optical circuits for smaller size, increased efficiency, and accelerated switching speed The resulting silicon-based photonic integrated circuits have the potential to improve signal transmission and processing dramatically. 
Dr. Lipson has received numerous honors, including being the recipient of a Fulbright Fellowship and an NSF Young Investigator Career award. She is also an elected fellow of Optical Society of America (OSA). Her current research interests include optical metamaterials, low-power and compact optical modulators, and slot waveguides. Her work has appeared in Nature, Nature Photonics, and other journals.

</doc>
<doc id="20547060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547060" title="Goran Simić (singer)">
Goran Simić (singer)

Goran Simić (Belgrade, 1953 – Vienna, 2008) was a Serbian bass. He was a member of the Sarajevo Opera (1978-1984) and the Vienna State Opera (1984–2008), where he sang 55 different roles in 1,095 performances. He was in "Un ballo in maschera" with Plácido Domingo in the role of Samuel. He died the 28 November 2008 in Vienna following a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20547074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547074" title="The Blood Stays on the Blade">
The Blood Stays on the Blade

The Blood Stays on the Blade, released on May 12, 2008 through Thirty Days of Night Records, is the second EP and third release from the St Albans-based hardcore punk band Your Demise. It is the follow-up to their debut full-length "You Only Make Us Stronger", received mostly very favourable reviews and lead to a vast growth of fanbase.
The EP was recorded and mixed at producer and engeineer Peter Miles' bedroom studio The Homestead in Southampton between June 4 and 13, 2007, with additional mixing done on July 2. The band recorded 13 songs during recording sessions, as the intent when entering the studio was to record for a sophomore full-length album. After finishing the recording sessions, the decision was made to only use six of the best songs to constitute a strong EP, postponing the plans of a second full-length.

</doc>
<doc id="20547075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547075" title="Hank Adams">
Hank Adams

Henry Lyle (Hank) Adams (born 1943) is a Sioux-Assiniboine Native American rights activist from Montana.
Early life.
Hank Adams was born in the Fort Peck Indian Reservation in Montana on May 16, 1943. The specific place he was born was called Wolf Point, but had the nickname of Poverty Flats. While growing up, Adams worked as fruit and vegetable picker to help support himself. While he was attending Moclips High School, from which he graduated in 1961, he worked in a sawmill on the reservation. This installed a good work ethic in Adams he would come to use throughout the rest of his life. After he graduated from high school, Adams became interested in politics. In 1964, Adams helped organize the march on Olympia in Washington State which had the purpose of protesting the state attack on Indian treaty fishing rights.
Early career.
Adams whole life has been spent trying to better the lives of Native Americans. While he was in college he spent much of his time on the Quinault Reservation helping to fix a suicide problem they had there. After dropping out of college to be more involved in bettering Indian affairs, he became Special Projects Director of the National Indian Youth Council, a student organization that was one of the most radical Native American institutions of the time.
Activism and self-determination.
In April, 1964 Adams made a name for himself by refusing to go into the United States Army unless traditional Indian treaty rights were accepted and recognized by the government; however, this rebellion was not a success and Adams ended up having to serve in the army. Adams took the role of the leader of the Survival of American Indians Association in 1968. The association was a collection of around 200 members devoted to the cause of protecting Indian fishing rights. Near the end of 1968, Adams got more directly involved in the struggle. He fought against state fishing regulations on the Nisqually River in Washington, and for his actions he was arrested often between 1968 and 1971. He was shot in the stomach while he was on protesting on the river, but continued in the struggle for Indian fishing rights in Washington until the issue was resolved and Indians were able to maintain their practices in the 1970s. 
When members of the American Indian Movement occupied the Bureau of Indian Affairs offices in Washington in 1972 (the Trail of Broken Treaties protest), Adams created a Twenty Point Proposal which the Nixon administration considered in exchange for AIM evacuating the Bureau of Indian Affairs. This included giving the tribes treaty-making authority, providing judicial acceptance of the Native American right to interpret treaties, and abolishing laws which threatened Indian sovereignty and life. While this was not accepted, it still stands as a landmark of Native American self-determination. Adams leadership ability and commitment to the Native American cause helped change government policy and ultimately led to more sovereignty and power for Indian tribes.
Adams was instrumental in saving Indian lives in two of the major Red Power movements of the early 1970s. During the Bureau of Indian Affairs building takeover, Adams was the main negotiator on behalf of the Indians holed up in the building. He was vital in bringing amnesty to the table during negotiations with the White House for the events that occurred during the takeover. One year later he was, again, instrumental in resolving the next major Red Power movement, the occupation of Wounded Knee.
At Wounded Knee incident, Adams helped to successful end the occupation in a peaceful manner. He was the intermediary between the head of the Lakota Occupation, Frank Fools Crow and the White House. The lead White House aide in both of these events even said: “Hank Adams' role in the peaceful resolution of some very difficult problems is still vividly clear in my mind.”. Adams worked mainly behind the scenes on both of these issues, but his role is as important, if not more, than anyone involved in either occupation. Adams wisely said of his work: "Some of the things you prevent from happening are as important as many of the things you are able concretely to achieve,”.
Documentary work.
In order to heighten awareness of the treaty disputes in the Northwest over fishing, Adams produced a documentary entitled “As Long As The River Runs” between 1968 and 1970. The film was shown to those holed up in the BIA Building in Washington D.C. and the graphic scenes it depicted of police dragging women Indians during fishing protests in the Northwest. This film enticed the Indians at the BIA to be even more paranoid of the police who had circled the building. He dedicated this film to his sister-in-law who died while protesting fishing rights in the Northwest.
Boldt decisions.
Hank Adams helped to research information critical in affirming the Boldt Decision that agreed Native Americans had the right to fish in the waters of the Northwest that had been the center of many of Adams’ protests. With the help of Billy Frank Jr., the Native American face of the decision, Adams played a major behind-the-scenes job like he had at Wounded Knee and the BIA takeover. Adams continues to work with issues surrounding the Boldt Decision to this day.
Legacy.
Hank Adams is considered by many in the Indian Community as one of the most influential people in the movement. Leonard Garment, the lead White House aide in both the BIA and Wounded Knee, said of Adams: "Hank Adams' role in the peaceful resolution of some very difficult problems is still vividly clear in my mind." Vine Deloria, Jr., one of the most influential Native American writers, said Adams was the most important Indian of the last 60 years. His activist career slowed with age.

</doc>
<doc id="20547082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547082" title="On the Front Line (Dan Seals album)">
On the Front Line (Dan Seals album)

On The Front Line is the sixth album released by country music artist Dan Seals. It reached #12 on the Top Country Albums chart."You Still Move Me", "I Will Be There", and "Three Time Loser" were all number one singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20547090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547090" title="Bernhard Samuelson">
Bernhard Samuelson

Sir Bernhard Samuelson, 1st Baronet FRS (22 November 1820-10 May 1905) was an industrialist, educationalist and a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1859 and from 1865 to 1895.
Samuelson was born in Hamburg, the son of Samuel Hermann Samuelson and his wife Sarah Hertz. His father, who became a merchant in Liverpool, was born in Petersburg, Virginia, and his grandfather Hyman Samuels, was born in London in 1764. Samuelson was educated at the Rev. J Blezard's school at Skirlaugh, Yorkshire near Hull. He started work in his father's office at the age of 14 and was then apprenticed to a Swiss firm in Liverpool. He was exporting engineering machinery and became manager for a Manchester firm of Sharp, Stewart & Co. 
Samuelson bought a small factory in Banbury that was manufacturing agricultural equipment in 1848. He also built blast furnaces in Middlesbrough and Newport.
In February 1859, after a by-election caused by the resignation of Henry William Tancred, Samuelson was elected as Member of Parliament for Banbury until displaced at the 1859 general election. In 1865 he was elected for Banbury again, but his defeated opponent Charles Bell petitioned against his return on the grounds that he was an alien. Samuelson was able to demonstrate that as his grandfather was born in England he was eligible under the British Nationality Act of 1772. He held the seat until 1895. His interests in parliament were industrial and technical issues. He chaired committees on scientific instruction, railways and patents and was a member of the Royal Commission for the Paris Exhibition in 1878. Meanwhile his industrial activities had grown significantly. By 1872 his Banbury works were producing over 8000 reaping machines and the production of iron, tar and other products from his ironworks had also grown.
Samuelson was a member of the Institution of Civil Engineers and a member of the Institute of Mechanical Engineers. He was made a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1881. He was adjudged a considerate employer and developed the institutions of Middlesbrough and Cleveland. He was a firm believer in technical education and presented a technical institute to Banbury in 1884. He received a Baronetcy in the same year for services to education. 
Samuelson died in London at the age of 84 and was buried in Torquay. 
A stone memorial and tomb to Bernhard Samuelson was erected by his eldest son: it lies hidden and overgrown in Hatchford Wood, close to Ockham, Surrey, and bears the motto of the second baronet. According to the inscription, this "Temple of Sleep" contains the last mortal remains of Bernhard Samuelson, his wife and a daughter.
Samuelson married Caroline Blundell, daughter of Henry Blundell at Hull in 1844. Their son Henry who succeeded to the baronetcy was also an MP.

</doc>
<doc id="20547093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547093" title="Ben Braun">
Ben Braun

Ben Braun is the men's college basketball coach at Rice University. He previously spent 12 years with the California Golden Bears program and 11 years at Eastern Michigan University. He has won the most games of any coach in Eastern Michigan's history.
Career.
After graduating from Wisconsin in 1975, Braun began his career as an assistant coach at Washington Park High School in Racine, Wisconsin. After two years of coaching high school basketball, he accepted the head coaching job at Siena Heights University. Braun coached Siena Heights for eight years taking the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) school to a 148–103 record and five postseason tournaments. 
Prior to the 1985–86 season, Braun took on the position of associate head coach at Eastern Michigan. Midway through the year, on January 15, 1986, he was elevated to interim head coach. Within two years his Hurons (Eagles from 1991 onwards) were in the NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history. During his 11 years at Eastern Michigan, he guided the Eagles to four postseason berths, including three NCAA appearances. Braun accumulated a record of 185–132 and was named Mid-American Conference Coach of the Year three times. His 185 wins are the most by a coach in Eastern Michigan Eagles men's basketball history.
Braun replaced Todd Bozeman as the head coach at Cal prior to the 1996–97 season. Expectations were low as Golden Bears were predicted to finish in the bottom half of the conference. However, the team finished tied for second in the conference and reached the NCAA Sweet 16. The team finished the season 23–9 and gave Braun a school record for most wins by a Bear coach in his first year with the program. Ben Braun went on to win the Pac-10 Coach of the Year - the first Cal coach to ever receive the award.
In the 1998–99 season, Braun's club defeated North Carolina, UCLA, and Arizona during the course of the year to become the first team ever at Cal to beat three Top 10 schools in the same season. Then after entering the NIT, the Bears, led by Geno Carlisle, won five consecutive postseason games to capture the NIT title - Cal's first postseason tournament championship since the Bears won the 1959 NCAA title. Cal finished the 1998–99 campaign with a 22–11 record. 
In 2000–01, the Bears returned to the NCAA Tournament, finishing with a 20–11 record, and Sean Lampley - Braun's first recruit at Cal after NCAA sanctions were lifted from Bozeman's tenure - became the school's all-time leading scorer late in his senior campaign, finishing with 1,776 points. 
In 2001–02, the Bears again went 23–9 and tied for second in the Pac-10 stadings. Cal earned a No. 6 seed in the NCAA playoffs, where the Bears toppled Penn before falling to Pittsburgh in the second round. 
In 2002–03, Cal again reached the second round of the NCAA Tournament behind All-Pac-10 forwards Joe Shipp and Amit Tamir. Shipp ended his career with the No. 3 position on the Bears' all-time scoring list, while teammate Brian Wethers finished in the No. 15 position. 
In 2005–06, Cal defeated USC and Oregon to reach the Pac-10 Tournament final for the first time ever. Leon Powe and the Bears then earned a No. 7 regional seed in the NCAA Tournament and finished the year with a 20–11 mark. On November 21, 2005, Cal defeated Long Beach State, 88-69, to give Braun his 500th career win. 
During his tenure at Cal, Braun has directed the Bears to more postseason appearances and more postseason victories than any coach in school history. He finished the 2006–07 campaign with a 202–138 record with the Bears and a 29-year career mark of 535–373. He ranks second to Nibs Price (1925–54, 449–294) in both tenure and wins at Cal, while his Cal winning percentage (.606) is the best at the school since Hall of Famer Pete Newell guided the Bears to a 119–44 mark from 1955–60.
Two days after losing to Ohio State in the 2008 National Invitation Tournament, Braun was fired as head coach of the Golden Bears on March 26, 2008. He is now the head men's coach at Rice, replacing Willis Wilson.
Personal life.
He is an alumnus of New Trier High School in Winnetka, Illinois He and his wife, Jessica, are expecting their first child (as of April 2008). His father is Academy Award nominee Producer, Zev Braun.

</doc>
<doc id="20547107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547107" title="Blackridge railway station">
Blackridge railway station

Blackridge railway station is a railway station on the North Clyde Line. It is serves the village of Blackridge, West Lothian, Scotland.
History.
The original station in this locale was called Westcraigs built by the Bathgate and Coatbridge Railway. It was also the site of a junction with the Wilsontown, Morningside and Coltness Railway. Opened on 11 August 1862, it subsequently closed with other stations on the line on 9 January 1956. In some timetables the station was called Westcraigs for Harthill.
Opening.
Blackridge was originally excluded from the plan but after a three year campaign by the local community, funding has been approved by the Scottish Government at a cost of £5 million. Private housing developer Manorlane agreed to fund 40% of the costs. However, it closed and the funding promise expired. West Lothian Council agreed to take on the burden and expects to recoup the cost from additional expansion in the area. The station opened on 12 December 2010 on a new site, some 600 metres closer to Edinburgh than the previous Westcraigs station.

</doc>
<doc id="20547116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547116" title="Mar Menor CF">
Mar Menor CF

Mar Menor Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in San Javier, in the autonomous community of Murcia. Founded in 2007, it plays in "Tercera División", holding home games at "Estadio Pitín", with a capacity of 3,000 seats.
History.
"Mar Menor Club de Fútbol" was founded in 2007, after the disappearance of AD Mar Menor-San Javier.

</doc>
<doc id="20547118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547118" title="Minami Kantō gas field">
Minami Kantō gas field

The is a large gas field in Japan, west of Tokyo, in the Chiba prefecture.
Natural resources.
Natural gas.
The basin holds the most prolific natural gas reserves in Japan, with ultimate gas production of 375 billion cubic meters.
Brine.
The drill well yield additional to the natural gas a brine rich in iodine. The iodine is extracted in large scale and makes this area the second largest producer after Chile, where the iodine is extracted from the caliche.

</doc>
<doc id="20547156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547156" title="FDMNES">
FDMNES

The FDMNES program calculates the spectra of different spectroscopies related to the real or virtual absorption of x-ray in material. It gives the absorption cross sections of photons around the ionization edge, that is in the energy range of XANES. The calculation is performed with all conditions of rectilinear or circular polarization. In the same way, it calculates the structure factors and intensities of anomalous or resonant diffraction spectra (DAFS or RXS).
The code uses two techniques of monoelectronic calculations. The first one is based on the Finite Difference Method (FDM) to solve the Schrödinger equation. In that way the shape of the potential is free and in particular avoid the muffin-tin approximation. The second one uses the Green formalism (multiple scattering) on a muffin- tin potential. This approach can be less precise but is faster.
FDMNES is used as external program to calculate basic spectra for XANES fitting using FitIt.
References.
Joly "X-ray absorption near edge structure calculations beyond the muffin-tin approximation" Phys. Rev. B 63, 125120 (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="20547174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547174" title="Cristóvão da Silva Ramos">
Cristóvão da Silva Ramos

Cristóvão da Silva Ramos (born 25 March 1983), simply known as Cristóvão, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Levski Sofia in Bulgaria, as a right winger.
Football career.
Cristóvão was born in Lyon, France. After playing youth football with F.C. Porto he made his senior debuts with the B-team in the third division, going on to spend three full seasons with the side in the category. Released in the 2005 summer without one single official appearance for the main squad, he joined F.C. Penafiel in the top level, but left after a couple of months and moved to Leixões S.C. in division two, where he appeared very rarely over the course of two (incomplete) seasons.
In late December 2007 Cristovão joined Cypriot side AEP Paphos FC. In the 2009 summer he signed for fellow First Division outfit Anorthosis Famagusta FC, making his league debut on 30 August in a 0–0 away draw against Ermis Aradippou. 
On 3 February 2012 Cristóvão moved to Bulgaria and PFC Levski Sofia, signing a two-and-a-half-year contract. He scored on his first league appearance, helping his team to a 2–1 win over PFC Cherno More Varna; on 29 April 2012, he netted the only goal in a derby success against PFC CSKA Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="20547185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547185" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1872–1877">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1872–1877

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 1872 and the 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="20547206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547206" title="1992 Torneo Descentralizado">
1992 Torneo Descentralizado

The 1992 season of the Torneo Descentralizado was the 77th season of the top category of Peruvian football (soccer). It was played by 16 teams. The national champions were Universitario de Deportes.

</doc>
<doc id="20547207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547207" title="(The) New Release">
(The) New Release

(the) New Release is the second studio album by American nu metal band Primer 55. Released on August 14, 2001, the album peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart and #102 on the "Billboard" 200. It had one single, "This Life," which peaked at #37 on Mainstream Rock Tracks. This would be the band's only record with Island Records who allegedly cut support shortly after the album's release.
Recording.
Primer 55 had underdone various lineup changes preceding and during the recording process of "(the) New Release". After the band's first eighteen months of touring, guitarist Bobby Burns started writing the band's second major label album. He played all guitars and bass in the studio and brought in ex-Helmet drummer John Stanier. While in the studio, Burns also began talks with drummer Preston Nash of Dope with whom Primer 55 had previously toured. By May 2001, the band had officially recruited former Cut.Love.Kill bassist Chris Sprinkle but mere weeks later announced Kobie Jackson as their new bassist
Musical style.
Whereas the band's major label debut, "Introduction to Mayhem", boasted strong nu metal and rap metal tendencies, "(the) New Release" demonstrated a broader variety with bluesy vocals, saxophone, and piano scattered throughout. Nevertheless, it generally showcases an aggressive alternative metal sound comparable to contemporary bands of the early 21st century. Speaking on behalf of the musical approach, Burns noted, "I didn't know if anyone would understand what we were doing this time around. . . With this album we just did what we felt like doing."
Promotion and touring.
My mid-May, Primer 55 announced the title and release date of their upcoming album as well as its lead single. A tentative track listing was announced in June but later modified. The band released various tracks from "(the) New Release", including a rough mix of its upcoming single, on their official website in the months leading up to its release.
Although Burns had hoped to see "Texas" become the second single, "(the) New Release" featured only one single, the aggressive, industrial laden "This Life" which was released to radio on July 16. It had no accompanying video but gained moderate radio rotation in late summer and early fall of 2001. The track was also included on "" and "Nu Rock Traxx, Vol. 32". Promotion was allegedly cut short by Island, forcing the album's success to rely heavily on touring.
From June through August, the group joined Fear Factory's The Evolution of Revolution tour. Primer 55 then supported Vision of Disorder for some August dates. and played at the Riverfront Rampage to celebrate the 15th anniversary of the WSOU college radio station in Newark, New Jersey. They also joined Slipknot's Pledge of Allegiance tour and performed into the following year.
In October 2002, bassist Kobie Jackson was asked to leave the band due to "personal and creative problems." He was temporarily replaced with Toomey, formerly of 12v Negative Earth. In November and December, Primer 55 played on the Jägermeister-sponsored $12 Riot Tour with Dope, Skinlab, and Society 1.
Reception.
Commercial success.
"(the) New Release" peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart and #102 on the "Billboard" 200. The album's single, "This Life" peaked at #37 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. In the week ending on November 11, the album's thirteenth week of release, SoundScan reported sales figures at 53,191. 
However, despite debuting on the Billboard Top 200 and selling 15,000 copies in its first week, Island allegedly cut support for the album merely two months after its release. Guitarist Bobby Burns reflected on the matter in a 2008 interview, exclaiming, "It totally fucking sucked! The album was out two months then 9/11 happened and we got lost in that shuffle that was going on in New York at that time."
A music video was also allegedly in the works for "This Life," but in September 2001, Burns defused this claim, lamenting, "I have no idea what's going on with our label."
Critical response.
The unique musical elements featured throughout "(the) New Release" proved unsuccessful in drawing critical approval. Allmusic's Michael Gallucci panned the album, declaring, "Plenty of other bands do this stuff a whole lot better and with much more conviction."

</doc>
<doc id="20547213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547213" title="Jeanville">
Jeanville

Jeanville is an area in the townland of Powerstown in the Barony of Gowran near Goresbridge, County Kilkenny. Nearby is the village of Goresbridge and country estate of Mount Loftus.
History.
The name Jeanville comes from Johnville House built in the 18th century. Later it was used as the name of the bridge next to it, then also used to describe the immediate area around the house which gradually changed because of a concentration of Huguenots in the area. Johnville House still exists today but does not use the earlier name.
Johnville Bridge.
The bridge still retains the original name of Johnville Bridge on all Ordnance Survey Ireland maps but is also unusual in design. This is because in close proximity to the Powerstown River, a branch tributary diverts water from the main stream closer to Johnville House before reconnecting with the Powerstown River. So the bridge is actually a set of two; one double arched bridge over the Powerstown River, and a single arched bridge over the tributary stream with the roadway being raised above the ground but still walled in on both sides. On the up-river side of the tributary there is a water filled depression known as the "Watering Hole" where a seasonal river joins onto the divert before flowing under the single arch section.

</doc>
<doc id="20547235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547235" title="News Chief">
News Chief

The News Chief is a daily paper located in Winter Haven, FL and serves east Polk County, FL. It is owned by Halifax Media Group and is located at 455 Sixth St. N.W.
History.
The "News Chief" in Winter Haven, Fl., traces its beginnings to Sept. 28, 1911, when the first edition of the weekly "Florida Chief" was published by its founder, M.M. "Dad" Lee.
Everything originally was handset, but, within four years, Lee had moved the newspaper to larger quarters and eventually acquired three linotype machines. During its 10th anniversary in September 1921, the newspaper went to twice-a-week publication, and three years later went to five days a week, Monday through Friday.
Lee continued the newspaper through two severe hurricanes (1926 and 1933), a fire (1930) and the Great Depression before selling the newspaper in January 1948 to W.W. Galvin of Ohio.
Galvin immediately acquired a weekly, "The Winter Haven News", and combined it with the "Florida Chief" into the "News Chief".
The newspaper eventually passed to the W.E. "Bill" Rynerson family, which later acquired the weekly "Auburndale Star".
Disaster struck on Nov. 13, 1954, when a major fire destroyed the "News Chief's" downtown Winter Haven building and severely damaged most of the equipment.
A four-page Sunday edition was printed at "The Winter Haven Herald" to keep intact the record of not missing a scheduled publication day.
In March 1964, the "News Chief" became one of the early leaders in Florida journalism in converting to offset printing.
In December 1972, the "News Chief" moved from its downtown plant to new quarters.
The "News Chief" added to its holdings with the purchase of the "Winter Haven Shopping Guide" in 1978.
In 1979, the Rynerson family sold the "News Chief" to Multimedia Inc.
In 1990, the "News Chief" was sold to Stauffer Communications.
In 1995, the "News Chief" and its other holdings became part of Morris Communications Co. with the Morris purchase of the Stauffer Communications chain of publications.
On Dec. 1 2007, the "News Chief" and its other holdings, including the "Polk Shopper", became part of GateHouse Media Inc.
In March 2008, GateHouse sold the "News Chief's" newspaper operations to The New York Times Company and its Lakeland newspaper, The Ledger. On January 6, 2012, Halifax Media Group became the new owner of the News Chief.

</doc>
<doc id="20547242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547242" title="Sphagnum angustifolium">
Sphagnum angustifolium

Sphagnum angustifolium is a species of peat moss with a Holarctic distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20547248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547248" title="XiXi Yang">
XiXi Yang

XiXi Yang (born February 16, 1989) is an American TV personality and former beauty queen. She was recently crowned Miss China 2008 Hawaiian Tropic and finished in the top 10 at the 25th Annual Hawaiian Tropic International Pageant. 
Early life.
Born in China, Yang is fluent in Mandarin and Japanese. She grew up in China, Japan, and America. She attributes her out-going personality to her childhood.
In 2005, fascinated by the cultural differences between American and Chinese high-school teenagers, Yang published an article in China's "Yangzi Newspaper", entitled "Comparing Cultural Differences: American and Chinese High School Students". The basis of her studies came from the nine-page questionnaires she passed to 275 high-school students in both countries. The article also documented Yang's childhood and the emotional struggles she went through growing up as an Asian-American. Yang's article caught the attention of CCTV, the most powerful television broadcaster in mainland China, for she was one of the first few high-school students to publish in Yangzi. Yang was interviewed by CCTV on February 6, 2004, and received an overwhelming number of letters in response.
In 2007, she graduated from North Allegheny Senior High School and entered New York University, studying mass media communications.
Career.
Beauty Pageants.
Yang entered the public eye by winning Miss China 2008 Hawaiian Tropic, and went on to be one of the top 10 finalists at the 25th Annual Hawaiian Tropic International Pageant, aired on NBC. After the pageant, Yang continued to represent Hawaiian Tropic as a spokesperson and starred in skin care products commercials by Bennett Group Productions.
Hosting.
Yang is currently the VJ / host for Dance Music Television, channel 18 on Tuesday nights at 11:00pm EST in Westchester, NY. She covers street festivals, concerts, and events, along with interviewing various artists / entertainers. Recent guests include:
September 21, 2008: Actor and Producer Gianni Russo, "Carlo Rizzi" from The Godfather
September 21, 2008: DJ Johnny Rocks from New York City's WKTU 103.5 fm radio station
September 27, 2008: Pop and Dance Musician Kim Sozzi from Ultra Records
September 27, 2008: Fever Records CEO Sal Abbatiello
September 27, 2008: Pop musician Lucas Prata, as seen on MTV's "My Sweet Sixteen"
November 20, 2008: Actor, Producer, Writer William Demeo, "Jason" from "The Sopranos" on HBO

</doc>
<doc id="20547259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547259" title="Queen's Mediterranean Medal">
Queen's Mediterranean Medal

The Queen's Mediterranean Medal was authorised by King Edward VII and was awarded to volunteer and militia troops who had replaced their regular Army counterparts in the various military garrisons across the Mediterranean. This allowed regular troops to be available for the Second Boer War. 
However troops on the island of St. Helena who were guarding Boer prisoners of war in the POW camp were awarded the Queen's South Africa Medal without bar. 
The medal is almost identical to the Queen's South Africa Medal 1899-1902 except the inscription 'SOUTH AFRICA' has been replaced by the word 'MEDITERRANEAN' on the reverse.
Recipients.
Approximately 5000 of the Queen's Mediterranean Medal were awarded in total. They were issued to the Third Battalions of the: Royal Northumberland Fusiliers, Royal Fusiliers, West Yorks, Royal North Lancs., Royal West Kent, King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry.

</doc>
<doc id="20547272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547272" title="Thomas John I'Anson Bromwich">
Thomas John I'Anson Bromwich

Thomas John I'Anson Bromwich (1875–1929) was an English mathematician, and a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Life.
Thomas John I'Anson Bromwich was born on 8 February 1875, in Wolverhampton, England. His parents emigrated to South Africa, where in 1892 he graduated from high school. He attended St John's College, Cambridge, where in 1895 he became Senior Wrangler. In 1897, he became a lecturer at St. John’s. From 1902 to 1907, he was a professor of mathematics at Queen’s College, Galway. In 1906, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. In 1907, he returned to Cambridge and again became a Fellow and lecturer at St. John’s. He was a vice president of the Royal Society in 1919 and 1920. He died in Northampton on 24 August 1929, a suicide.
Work.
Bromwich worked in both algebra and analysis. G. H. Hardy called him "The best pure mathematician among the applied mathematicians at Cambridge, and the best applied mathematician among the pure mathematicians".
Today, Bromwich is perhaps best known for justifying Oliver Heaviside's operator calculus. 
Part of this involved using a contour integral to do an inverse Laplace transform. This particular contour integral is now often called the "Bromwich integral", although it is also called by other names.
Other topics Bromwich investigated include solutions of the Maxwell's equations, and the scattering of electromagnetic plane waves by spheres. He also investigated, and wrote a book on, the theory of quadratic forms.
In 1908 he wrote "An introduction to the theory of infinite series". A second edition appeared in 1926. G. H. Hardy praised the book highly, while criticizing the way in which it was laid out. The book is still in print.

</doc>
<doc id="20547275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547275" title="Christopher Morgan (bishop)">
Christopher Morgan (bishop)

Christopher Heudebourck Morgan (born 23 March 1947) is a retired bishop in the Church of England, the suffragan Bishop of Colchester from 2002 until his retirement in 2013.
Morgan was educated at the City of Bath Boys School and Lancaster University. After studying at Kelham Theological College he was ordained in 1974. He was a curate at St James the Great, Birstall and then a chaplain in Brussels, Vicar of St George's Redditch and then Sonning. From 1985 to 1996 he was the Diocese of Gloucester's Diocesan Officer for Ministry and then a residentiary canon at Gloucester Cathedral until his ordination to the episcopate. A keen hill walker, he is married to Anne and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20547291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547291" title="Guy Deutscher (physicist)">
Guy Deutscher (physicist)

Guy Deutscher is a professor of physics at Tel-Aviv University, Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20547295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547295" title="Sphagnum russowii">
Sphagnum russowii

Sphagnum russowii is a species of peat moss with a Holarctic distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20547297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547297" title="Auguste-Célestin Gongarad Nkoua">
Auguste-Célestin Gongarad Nkoua

Auguste-Célestin Gongarad Nkoua is a Congolese politician and the President of the Patriotic Union for Democracy and Progress (UPDP), a political party. He served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry from 1991 to 1992, as Minister of Water and Forests from 1992 to 1993, and again as Minister of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry from 1997 to 2002. Subsequently he was President of the Economic and Social Council, a state institution, from 2003 to 2009. Since 2009, he has been the Personal Representative of the President of the Republic for Political Affairs.
Background and 1990s political career.
An ethnic Téké, Gongarad Nkoua was a journalist and a printer by profession. Along with 300 others, he signed the petition of 7 July 1990, calling on President Denis Sassou Nguesso to convene a national conference for political reform. In the week that followed, the discovery of a plot—which was dubbed the "Téké plot" due to the ethnicity of the alleged conspirators—to oust Sassou Nguesso was announced, and Gongarad Nkoua was arrested, along with Clement Miérassa, who had also signed the petition.
The arrests followed a police search of Gongarad Nkoua's home, in which the police were said to have found "seditious documents" indicating that Gongarad Nkoua had been preparing a coup plot since November 1987. The government insisted that the arrests were based on involvement in a coup plot and were unrelated to the petition. However, Gongarad Nkoua spent only a few weeks in jail. In a gesture of clemency marking the 27th anniversary of the 1963 revolution, President Sassou Nguesso granted an amnesty to Gongarad Nkoua and other political prisoners on 14 August 1990.
Gongarad Nkoua was a delegate to the February–June 1991 National Conference, which established transitional institutions in preparation for multiparty elections in 1992. At the National Conference, he was one of four candidates for the post of First Vice-President of the Higher Council of the Republic (CSR), which was being set up as the legislature for the 1991–1992 transitional period. After two of the other candidates withdrew, Gongarad Nkoua faced Jean-Michel Bokamba-Yangouma in a third round of voting; he received 331 votes against 491 for Bokamba-Yangouma. Although the necessary quorum of delegates was not reached, Gongarad Nkoua chose to withdraw at that point in favor of Bokamba-Yangouma. He was instead given the post of Minister of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry in the transitional government of Prime Minister André Milongo, holding that post until 1992.
Leading his own political party, the UPDP, Gongarad Nkoua stood as a candidate in the August 1992 presidential election. He attracted little support, placing ninth with 0.69% of the vote. He received 6.3% of the vote in Plateaux Region, but in every other region his score was negligible. Subsequently he and the UPDP supported Bernard Kolélas, the candidate of the Congolese Movement for Democracy and Integral Development (MCDDI), in the second round of the election, but Kolélas was defeated by Pascal Lissouba, the candidate of the Pan-African Union for Social Democracy (UPADS). The MCDDI, the UPDP, and five other parties then formed the Union for Democratic Renewal (URD) opposition coalition on 27 August 1992.
After Lissouba took office as President, the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), which had briefly supported him, defected to the opposition. Together with other URD leaders, Gongarad Nkoua signed an alliance between the URD and the PCT in September 1992. That alliance gave the URD and PCT a parliamentary majority, and consequently President Lissouba dissolved the National Assembly in November 1992. His decision provoked a political crisis that was resolved through the formation of an opposition-dominated power-sharing government, led by Prime Minister Claude Antoine Dacosta. In that government, which was appointed on 25 December 1992, Gongarad Nkoua was included as Minister of Water and Forests. The Dacosta government remained in office for six months; it was replaced by Lissouba following the early parliamentary election that was held in May–June 1993.
Lissouba was later ousted by rebel forces loyal to Sassou Nguesso at the end of the June–October 1997 civil war. As President, Sassou Nguesso appointed Gongarad Nkoua to the government as Minister of State for Agriculture and Animal Husbandry on 2 November 1997. After a little more than a year, Gongarad Nkoua was appointed as Minister of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry (without the rank of Minister of State) on 12 January 1999.
Political career since 2000.
At the time of the January 2002 constitutional referendum, Gongarad Nkoua, who was still serving as Minister of Agriculture, headed the National Electoral Commission's operations for Ouenzé, the fifth "arrondissement" of Brazzaville. At a meeting in Ouenzé on 6 January 2002, he said that the new constitution was written with "past mistakes that led the country into a vicious cycle of tribal violence" in mind, and he urged the people to vote for it, saying that it would be conducive to good governance. He also stressed the importance of maintaining a peaceful atmosphere for the referendum.
Gongarad Nkoua supported Sassou Nguesso's candidacy in the March 2002 presidential election. Along with other important allies of Sassou Nguesso, he was included on the support committee for Sassou Nguesso's candidacy when it was publicly launched on 6 February 2002.
In the May 2002 parliamentary election, Gongarad Nkoua was elected to the National Assembly as the UPDP candidate in the Ngo constituency of Plateaux Region; he won the seat in the first round with 63.27% of the vote. After nearly five years in the government, he was dismissed from the government on 18 August 2002 and consequently sat as a Deputy in the National Assembly.
A year after Gongarad Nkoua's dismissal from the government, President Sassou Nguesso appointed him as President of the Economic and Social Council on 13 August 2003. The Council, a constitutional state institution, is intended to provide advice to the government and the two houses of Parliament on economic, social, and cultural policy. Speaking at the Council's inaugural session on 18 February 2004, Gongarad Nkoua told the other members of the Council that they "must participate effectively in the development of the nation's economic and social policy, advising the government in its decision-making to enable it to provide the people with better living conditions and the conditions of social peace." He also emphasized the importance of investment, saying that domestic economic activity should be encouraged and that Western countries should work with the Council to facilitate development.
In the June 2007 parliamentary election, Gongarad Nkoua ran again as the UPDP candidate in Ngo constituency. Rally of Democratic Forces (RFD) candidate Joseph Miokono Hondjuila, who had won the seat in the 1992 parliamentary election, was considered Gongarad Nkoua's main competitor. Nevertheless, Gongarad Nkoua won an easy victory in the first round, receiving 86.16% of the vote. He remained allied to Sassou Nguesso and was one of many party leaders participating in the creation of the Rally for the Presidential Majority (RMP), a coalition of pro-Sassou Nguesso parties, on 20 December 2007.
On 18 September 2009, President Sassou Nguesso appointed Jean-Marie Tassoua, another long-time ally, to replace Gongarad Nkoua as President of the Economic and Social Council. He instead appointed Gongarad Nkoua as Personal Representative of the President of the Republic for Political Affairs on the same day.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, Gongarad Nkoua was re-elected to the National Assembly as the UPDP candidate in Ngo constituency. He won the seat in the second round of voting, receiving 56.46% of the vote against an independent candidate, Jean-Félix Nkoué. As the oldest deputy elected in the 2012 election, Gongarad Nkoua had the traditional honor of presiding over the National Assembly when it met on 5 September 2012 to elect its bureau for the new parliamentary term. Speaking on the occasion, he reflected on the role and the responsibilities of deputies: "As parliamentarians, you are the link between the local and the national level, between the national and the global level. ... When I look at this chamber, I always realize that behind every elected deputy there are thousands of Congolese. It is our honor to represent and respect everyone regardless of their vote and their political beliefs. Our mandate requires us to never lose touch with our fellow citizens."

</doc>
<doc id="20547311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547311" title="Shane Roller">
Shane Roller

Shane Derrick Roller (born July 14, 1979) is a retired American mixed martial artist who is perhaps best known in his career for competing as a Lightweight for the UFC and WEC.
Background.
Roller was born and raised in Bixby, Oklahoma along with his three brothers. Roller is known as one of the most decorated athletes in his state's history, a standout at Bixby High School while competing in wrestling, baseball, and football, lettering in each, and was the Tulsa World's 1998 Male Athlete of the Year. In baseball, he was a two-time letterman, playing shortstop, hitting in the lead-off spot, and was twice selected for the All-Metro Honorable Mention Team. In football, Roller played quarterback, running back, free safety, and was a three-time letterman. Roller was selected to play in the Jim Thorpe All-Star Game and was also selected as the 1997 Oklahoma Football Coaches Association All-Star Running Back. In wrestling, Roller was his high school's first four-time state champion and was twice selected as the Most Outstanding Wrestler at the state tournament. He compiled a 141-3 record and was selected for the All-State team, being voted the Most Outstanding Wrestler at the All-State match. He was also an Asics First Team All-American and received the Junior Hodge Award which is given to the nation's most dominant high school wrestler. Roller also received the Dave Schultz award which is for academic and athletic excellence, as he was also his class' salutatorian and a member of the National Honor Society. He received a scholarship to continue competing in wrestling for Oklahoma State University and was a three-time NCCA All-American, three-time Academic All-American, and Big 12 Champion. Roller was also the captain of the 2003 NCAA Championship team, and earned a bachelor's degree in psychology. He later earned his master's degree from the school while working as an assistant coach, earning three NCAA championships.
Mixed martial arts career.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
Roller made his WEC debut defeating Todd Moore at WEC 35 via submission (guillotine choke) at 3:00 of the first round. This was followed by another first round submission win over previously undefeated Mike Budnik at WEC 37.
Roller faced future UFC Lightweight Champion Benson Henderson on April 5, 2009 at WEC 40. He lost the fight via TKO due to punches in the first round.
Roller rebounded from his loss to Henderson defeating former lightweight title challenger Marcus Hicks via unanimous decision on August 9, 2009 at WEC 42.
Roller defeated Danny Castillo on November 18, 2009 at WEC 44 via submission in the third round, earning "Submission of the Night" honors.
Roller faced Anthony Njokuani on April 24, 2010 at WEC 48. He won the fight via first round rear naked choke submission.
Roller faced Anthony Pettis on August 18, 2010 at WEC 50. Following a back and forth battle, the visibly exhausted Roller was submitted by Pettis via triangle choke with seconds left in the bout.
Roller faced former WEC Lightweight Champion Jamie Varner on December 16, 2010 at WEC 53. He won via submission in the first round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
In October 2010, World Extreme Cagefighting merged with the Ultimate Fighting Championship. As part of the merger, all WEC fighters were transferred to the UFC.
Roller defeated Thiago Tavares via second round KO on March 3, 2011 at , earning "Knockout of the Night" honors.
In his second UFC fight, Roller faced Melvin Guillard on July 2, 2011 at UFC 132. He lost the fight via KO in the first round.
Roller faced TJ Grant on October 1, 2011 at UFC on Versus 6. Roller lost via controversial armbar submission in round 3.
Roller faced Michael Johnson on January 28, 2012 at UFC on Fox 2, replacing an injured Cody McKenzie. Roller lost via unanimous decision (29-28, 29-28, 29-28).
Roller defeated John Alessio on July 7, 2012 at UFC 148 via unanimous decision.
Roller was expected to face Jacob Volkmann on September 1, 2012 at UFC 151. However, after UFC 151 was cancelled, Roller/Volkmann was rescheduled and instead took place on October 5, 2012 at UFC on FX 5. Roller was taken down early in the fight and eventually submitted via rear naked choke. Shortly after the event Shane announced his retirement from mixed martial arts competition.
Personal life.
Shane is married and the couple have three children. Roller's three brothers, Keith, Mike, and Jimmy all played sports at the collegiate level. Keith played football, while Mike and Jimmy wrestled.

</doc>
<doc id="20547315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547315" title="...In Color">
...In Color

...In Color is the first studio EP by the band, The Summer Set, that was released on June 24, 2008, by The Militia Group. It is a Pop/Rock or Indie/Pop EP, and was completed shortly after the band decided to sign with The Militia Group record label.

</doc>
<doc id="20547317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547317" title="I Know Your Troubles Been Long">
I Know Your Troubles Been Long

I Know Your Troubles Been Long is the second studio album released by the band Mayday. The album was released on May 6, 2003, on Bar/None Records and Greyday Records. The album was recorded on an eight-track recorder in singer Ted Stevens' home.

</doc>
<doc id="20547338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547338" title="Cherokee (Ray Noble song)">
Cherokee (Ray Noble song)

"Cherokee" (1938) is a jazz standard - also known as "Cherokee (Indian Love Song)" - written by Ray Noble and originally intended as the first of five movements for an "Indian Suite" (Cherokee, Comanche War Dance, Iroquois, Seminole, and Sioux Sue). "Cherokee" has been recorded over the years by many jazz musicians and singers, including Charlie Parker, Charlie Barnet and His Orchestra (1939), the Count Basie Orchestra, Duke Ellington, Sarah Vaughan (1955), Art Tatum and Keely Smith.
Charlie Parker used this song for the basis of his 1945 composition "Ko-Ko". The song has also been covered as an instrumental by Bud Powell (1950), Clifford Brown, Don Byas, Stan Getz, Lionel Hampton and by Johnny Smith on his popularly and critically well-received album "Moonlight in Vermont". It is noted for its string of 2-5-1 major-minor progressions.
The song was used in "Jasper in a Jam" (1946), sung by Peggy Lee, "The Gene Krupa Story" (1959), and as background music in "Racing with the Moon" (1984) and "Lush Life" (1993), a TV movie starring Jeff Goldblum and Kathy Baker.

</doc>
<doc id="20547347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547347" title="Cruachan-paorach">
Cruachan-paorach

Cruachan Paorach is a hill in north County Waterford, Ireland. It is approximately 150m high and has a conical shape. Villages in its hinterland include Fews, Clonea-Power and Rathgormack. The hill is sometimes used to forecast weather as when there is low cloud on Cruachan, bad weather is reputedly on its way.

</doc>
<doc id="20547349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547349" title="Tsangpa">
Tsangpa

Tsangpa () was a dynasty that dominated large parts of Tibet from 1565 to 1642. It was the last Tibetan royal dynasty to rule in own name. The regime was founded by Karma Tseten, a retainer of the prince of the Rinpungpa Dynasty and governor of Shigatse in Tsang (West-Central Tibet) since 1548. 
Superseding the Rinpungpa.
During the 16th century Tibet was fragmented among rivalling factions, along religious as well as dynastic lines. The old Phagmodrupa dynasty lost any semblance of power after 1564, and its rival Rinpungpa was also unable to achieve unity. Among the religious schools the Karmapa sect competed against the Gelugpa, which was headed by the leader later known as Dalai Lama. According to tradition Karma Tseten obtained a troop of horsemen by altering a document issued by his master the Rinpungpa lord. He then raised the standard of rebellion, in 1557, and managed to supersede the Rinpungpa in 1565. Known as the Depa Tsangpa or Tsang Desi, he became the king of Upper Tsang and allied with the fifth "Red Hat Karmapa" or Shamarpa hierarch of the Karma Kagyu sect, Köncho Yenlak.
Struggle against the Gelugpa.
The history of Karma Tseten's closest successors is not well known, but in the early 17th century the dynasty is frequently mentioned as a competitor for power over Tibet. The family was generally opposed to the Gelugpa and Dalai Lamas, whose power meanwhile increased in Ü (East-Central Tibet). The Tsangpa ruler Karma Phuntsok Namgyal (or, in another account, his uncle Karma Tensung) reacted by invading Ü from his base in Tsang in 1605 and attacking the monasteries Drepung and Sera. 5,000 monks are said to have been massacred on this occasion. Tsangpa expelled the Mongol troops which assisted the Fourth Dalai Lama Yonten Gyatso, himself a Mongol prince by birth. Yonten Gyatso had to flee and the Tsangpa ruler was close to become king of Tibet. In 1612 and 1613 he subjugated a number of local regimes in West Tibet: the Ngari Gyalpo, Lhopa and Changpa. He was less successful against Bhutan, where his enemy Ngawang Namgyal, the abbot of Ralung, had taken refuge.
Expansion and Mongol response.
In 1618 Tsangpa pushed further into Ü and defeated the local leaders of Kyishod and Tsal. The following year 1619 the West Tibetan kingdom of Gungthang was conquered. The hegemony of Tsangpa was, however, only of a brief nature. After Yonten Gyatso's death, his successor as Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso (1617–1682) received help from Mongol tribes. The Mongols pushed into Ü in 1621 and 1635, defeating the Tsangpa troops. At the same time the Tsangpa ruler Karma Tenkyong was threatened by Ladakh in the west, although it never came to open warfare. 
Triumph of the Dalai Lama.
In 1641 the leader of the Khoshut Mongols of the Kokonor region, Gushri Khan, set out from his home area and attacked the king of Beri in Kham (East Tibet), who was a practitioner of the Bön religion and persecuted Buddhist lamas. After having defeated Beri he proceeded to attack and capture Karma Tenkyong, in 1642. After a revolt by Tsangpa supporters in the same year, Gushri Khan ordered to put Karma Tenkyong in an ox-hide bag and drown him in a river. Gushri Khan presented Tibet, meaning Ü, Tsang and part of East Tibet, to the Dalai Lama. In this way began the Dharma-based Tibetan state that would last to 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20547350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547350" title="Lena Pillars">
Lena Pillars

Lena Pillars () is the name given to a natural rock formation along the banks of the Lena River in far eastern Siberia. The pillars are 150-300m (490-985ft) high, and were formed in some of the Cambrian Period sea-basins. The Lena Pillars National Park was inscribed on the World Heritage List in 2012. 
The site lies less than a day's boat ride upriver (south) from the city of Yakutsk, the capital of the autonomous Sakha Republic.
Tourism.
One may plan a river cruise by contacting a travel service in the city of Yakutsk. Those interested in Limnology or Ecotourism, and others who visit Lake Baikal, can coordinate a river sojourn with the aid of a guide from the Lake Baikal region; however, consider that Yakutsk, the world's coldest city and where the river cruises originate, is approximately 900 miles northeast of Lake Baikal.
Few modern amenities exist in this part of the world (Siberia), unless one travels by cruise ship on the Lena River.
Hiking trails in the region are steep and at times precarious.
Geology.
The pillars themselves consists of the alternating horizons of limestone, marlstones, dolomite and slate of the Lower/Middle Cambrian, which are weathered in such a way that it produces the rugged outcrops. 
These types of rocks are commonly formed in marine environments and the horizontal layering and vertical variation indicates marine transgression/regression; with the slate representing the deep marine, slightly metamorphosed shales.

</doc>
<doc id="20547362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547362" title="Whitaker House (disambiguation)">
Whitaker House (disambiguation)

Whitaker House can refer to:
Places.
in the United States (by state then city)

</doc>
<doc id="20547369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547369" title="Probabilistic proofs of non-probabilistic theorems">
Probabilistic proofs of non-probabilistic theorems

Probability theory routinely uses results from other fields of mathematics (mostly, analysis). The opposite cases, collected below, are relatively rare; however, probability theory is used systematically in combinatorics via the probabilistic method. They are particularly used for non-constructive proofs.

</doc>
<doc id="20547387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547387" title="Jourdan Dunn">
Jourdan Dunn

Jourdan Dunn (born 3 August 1990) is a British fashion model. She was discovered in Hammersmith Primark in 2006 and signed to Storm Model Management in London shortly thereafter. In 2008, she was the first black model to walk a "Prada" runway in over a decade. She has attracted attention because of the paucity of black models in the fashion modelling industry.
Early Life and Discovery.
Jourdan Dunn was born and raised in the West London suburb of Greenford, with her mother, a receptionist and two younger brothers. She admitted to being self-conscious as a teenager, due to her height and weight. She stated growing up, people would often tell her she should become a model, but was apprehensive as she wasn't really sure what a model did. She commented that shows like America's Next Top Model intrigued her on the industry, as it gave her a new perspective of the job.
In 2006- at the age of 14, she was scouted by an agent from Storm Model Management, while accompanying a friend in a London Primark. 
Career.
At the age of 16, Dunn made her runway debut in the New York shows in the fall of 2007, walking in shows for Marc Jacobs and Polo Ralph Lauren, among others. Soon after, she quickly rose to prominence within the industry. In 2007, she was featured on British "Vogue" as a "new star,", and in 2008 Style.com listed her as one of the top 10 newcomers. She also walked 75 shows during the spring/summer 2008 season, including Louis Vuitton and Valentino.
In July 2008, Steven Meisel selected Dunn to appear on the cover of the Vogue Italia issue devoted entirely to black models. She has also been featured on the cover of American Vogue, British Vogue and Teen Vogue, as well as covering i-D- seven times, Elle, Pop, Russh, Muse, The Sunday Times Style, Ponystep, Antidote and Luella. In November 2008, Dunn was named "Model of the Year" at the British Fashion Awards. She has garnered attention for her legs and for her walk which she says she practises frequently with very tall heels, walking over 60 shows during the spring 2009 season.
She has modelled for Burberry, Calvin Klein, Yves Saint Laurent, DKNY, John Galliano, Victoria's Secret, Tommy Hilfiger, Topshop, Jaeger, Rag & Bone, Gap, Aldo, Shiatzy Chen, Benetton, H&M, Banana Republic, Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue, and is the face of Rihanna's collections for River Island.
She has appeared in editorials for American, Italian, French, British, Russian, Spanish, Japanese and Teen Vogue, "Elle", "i-D", "Dazed & Confused", "W", "Pop", "Centrefold" and "V". In "Teen Vogue"s November 2009 issue on which she appears alongside Chanel Iman, she discusses her and Chanel's previous competitive relationship in the accompanying article, as well as the challenges they face being black models in the fashion world. The issue sparked controversy as Dunn; who was 18 at the time, announced her pregnancy. Teen Vogue faced backlash from the media, who accused them of glorifying teenage pregnancy.
She continued to model until she was six months pregnant and couldn't fit into any of the clothes- notably walking the catwalk for the Spring 2010 Jean Paul Gaultier show, with a baby bump. At the age of 19, ten weeks after giving birth, Dunn returned to the runway at London Fashion Week for the Winter 2010 season. For returning to work so quickly, she said her motivation was her son:
"More than anything, having a son has made me realise I have to make shit work: I'm his voice, I'm his lifeline, I have to be driven. I think he pushed me in the right direction. I've always been ambitious, but now I have more focus. I'm more hardworking."
In March 2013, Dunn appeared as the cover story in Net-a-Porter's "The Edit." In it she spoke of encountering discrimination telling the magazine that casting agents would say clients “didn't want any more black girls”. In July, 2013, she received media attention for tweeting that she had been cancelled from a Dior haute couture show, "for her boobs"; rather than her skin colour - which she noted, "usually happens".
In November 2013, she won "Model of the Year" at the Harper's Bazaar Women Of The Year Awards.
She is currently ranked 28th on the "Top 50 Models Women" list by models.com.
Media and Appearances.
Dunn currently hosts a cooking show entitled, "Well Dunn", on Jay Z's Life+Times YouTube channel. The web show has featured celebrity guest co-chefs, such as Wale, Karlie Kloss, Cara Delevingne, Joan Smalls, Chanel Iman and 2 Chainz among others. [https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLY6TQmEq-kYAzGVoIsWL5COC9cLH1mBH1]
She was a guest on The Jonathan Ross Show in March 2013, to discuss her career. In December 2013, Jourdan was featured in Beyoncé's, "Yoncé" and "XO", music videos.
She's appeared in both the 2012 and 2013 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Personal life.
She has one child, Riley, a boy, born 8 December 2009 in London. She had been with her boyfriend, the baby's father, for five years before he was arrested for dealing cocaine two months after her son was born. 
Riley has been diagnosed with Sickle-cell disease.
Jourdan devides her time between her homes in London and New York City. She's friends with fellow models, Joan Smalls, Chanel Iman, Anais Mali, Cara Delevingne and Karlie Kloss, who is godmother to her son Riley.

</doc>
<doc id="20547400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547400" title="Sphagnum girgensohnii">
Sphagnum girgensohnii

Common green peat moss (Sphagnum girgensohnii) is a species of peat moss with a Holarctic and Indo-Malesian distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20547409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547409" title="Eoin McCarthy">
Eoin McCarthy

Eoin McCarthy (born 1963, Dun Laoghaire, County Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish actor.
He appeared in films such as Alien vs. Predator and television programmes such as Cadfael and Roman Mysteries.
He also starred in the Dutch TV-film Kilkenny Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="20547430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547430" title="Movin' with Nancy (album)">
Movin' with Nancy (album)

"Movin' with Nancy" is the soundtrack to Nancy Sinatra's 1967 television special of the same name. It is notable for the inclusion of the hit single "Some Velvet Morning", a song composed by and performed with Lee Hazlewood. The album was arranged and conducted by Billy Strange.

</doc>
<doc id="20547437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547437" title="Neutral Tones">
Neutral Tones

"Neutral Tones" is a poem written by Thomas Hardy in 1867. Forming part of his 1898 collection "Wessex Poems and Other Verses", it is the most widely praised of his early poems. It is about the end of a relationship, and carries strong emotional appeal despite its "neutral tones".
Analysis.
""Neutral Tones"" by Thomas Hardy is very neutral in tone; its melancholic note is created by a narrator reflecting on the termination of a relationship. Throughout, a soothing yet depressing language illustrates this duality. Hardy uses a variety of techniques to highlight sadness and emotions in the narrator.
In the first stanza the scene and atmosphere is set, "we stood by a pond that winter day". No harsh sounds are present and the sentence epitomises the tranquillity yet disheartening nature of the poem. In the second line we get even more of these very "neutral" monosyllabic words "the sun was white, as though chidden of God" in this sentence the poets attempt to stay within his own themes are very explicit by the use of the adjective "white" to describe the sun, the sun normally represented by the color yellow and a symbol for happiness and life. The very dismal atmosphere is reinforced by the use of the alliteration of "L" creating a lazy yet unsatisfying tone. The further sibilance of "starving sod" creates a harsh sound, adding a further layer of hopelessness. The metaphor of the "few leaves" symbolises the end of an era, hinting towards the dying of life. Yet, it is not life that died, but love.
The next stanza explores deeper into the nature of their relationship: "Your eyes on me were as eyes that rove over tedious riddles of years ago." This can be interpreted to mean the couple repeat the same fights without progress, the insignificance of their communication exposed through the tired and morbid undertone seen in lines such as "And some words played between us to and fro-". This shows fundamental flaws in their communication, making a meaningful relationship seem impossible.
The first line of the third stanza, in describing her smile, contains a heart-wrenching oxymoron. Normally a facial gesture associated with happiness and joy, here it is described as "the deadest thing". This provokes strong emotion in the reader, as the cold causality of the gesture serves as reminder to the bitterness of the poem. This oxymoronic metaphor continues, having made an impression upon the reader; it is now described as only "alive enough to have the strength to die". This further enhances the emotional turmoil inside the reader, presenting a horrifying image of something that just has enough energy to die, without breaking "neutral tone". This is one of the reasons why this poem is so effective: distance and neutrality of its language serves as a perfect example of "less is sometimes more". Another interesting use of symbolism is the "ominous bird a-wing", a possible prolepsis to the final stanza, the ominous bird representing his now shattered trust, against an almost paganistic suggestion in "ominous".
The fourth stanza is finally one of total despair; however this is done without breaking the neutral melancholic tone of the poem. The narrator begins using phrases like "love deceives", indicating an inner pain and turmoil yet to heal. He goes on to say that he was "shaped" by the "wrings with wrong", this alliteration shows how much mental anguish he has been through and we get to almost share his pain. The poem ends as it began, using neutral monosyllabic words. The change in the character becomes obvious, instead of referring to the sun as "white", he now refers to it as the "God-curst sun", reflecting the character's emotions changing from sadness to anger. The final line "And a pond edged with greyish leaves" echoes the pond the speaker recalls at the beginning.
The fact that the poem ends with "a pond edged with grey leaves" makes it circuitous as it ends at the pond where the poem is set at the start. Also, the depressed mood of the poem reflects the pessimism shown by Hardy in much of his poetry work. This pessimism was caused by many things: the industrialisation of Britain which meant that the traditional way of life in his country roots were lost; the expansion of the British empire which he opposed; his unhappy first marriage; and his fear and dislike of change.

</doc>
<doc id="20547449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547449" title="Basilicata regional election, 1995">
Basilicata regional election, 1995

The Basilicata regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term.
Raffaele Di Nardo (Italian People's Party) was elected President of the Region, defeating Giampiero Perri (Forza Italia) by a landslide.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20547458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547458" title="Sangamonian (stage)">
Sangamonian (stage)

The Sangamonian Stage, (or Sangamon interglacial) is the term used in North America for the Eemian period, being the last interglacial from 125,000—75,000 years ago. It preceded the Wisconsinan (Wisconsin) Stage and followed the Illinoian Stage in North America.
Definition.
The Sangamonian Stage, originally the Sangamon interglacial stage, is defined on the basis of the Sangamon Soil, a paleosol, which is developed in contemporaneous colluvium and older glacial tills and loesses and overlain by Wisconsinan loesses or tills. Although originally described from water wells in northwestern Sangamon County, Illinois, the current type sections for the Sangamon Stage are the Rochester section in eastern Sangamon County and the Chapman section in Morgan County, Illinois. In the Rochester Section, the Sangamon Soil is developed in Sangamonian colluvial sediments, called “accretion gley”, that accumulated contemporaneously with the development of the Sangamon Soil. In the Rochester section, the Sangamon Soil is developed directly in Illinoian glacial till and overlain by Roxana Silt, the oldest of the two regional Wisconsinan loesses.
Correlations.
In its typical and broadest usage, the Sangamonian Stage is equivalent to all of Marine Isotope Stage 5 between 75,000 and 125,000 BP. Although it includes the same time span, the Sangamonian Stage ("sensu lato") is not temporally equivalent to the Eemian in Europe. In its much less common usage, the Sangamonian Stage ("sensu stricto") is equivalent to Marine Isotope Substage 5e and the Eemian. In case of this usage, Marine Isotope Substages 5a, 5b, 5c, and 5d are collectively referred to as the Eowisconsinan Stage. In its broadest sense (sensu lato), the Sangamonian Stage precedes the Wisconsinan (Wisconsin) Stage and follows the Illinoian Stage in North America.
Research concerning the age and degree of development of the Sangamon Soil demonstrates that it actively developed, at the least, over all of Marine Isotope Stage 5, which is a period of time from 125,000 to 75,000 BP. Unlike Europe, the development of ice sheets in Canada was limited during Marine Isotope Substages 5b, 5c, and 5b and either completely disappeared or were greatly reduced in size during Marine Isotope Substage 5a. Because of the continuous development of the Sangamonian Soil in the Midwest and the limited development of ice sheets in North America during this marine isotope stage, the Sangamonian Stage, unlike the Eemian in Europe, is regarded as encompassing all of Marine Isotope Stage 5.
Dates.
The start of the Sangamonian Stage is constrained by optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) dates obtained from fluvial deposits of the Pearl Formation and Illinoian glacial tills of the Glasford Formation, which fill an ancient and buried Mississippi River valley in north-central Illinois. The age of fluvial sediments overlying the youngest glacial till (Radner Member) of the Glasford Formation yield optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) dates that averaged 131,000 BP. These OSL dates demonstrate that the Illinoian Stage ended and the Sangamonian Stage started about 125,000 BP. These dates refute older dates, i.e. between 220,000 and 450,000 BP, given by older publications for the start of the Sangamonian Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20547477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547477" title="Eastside Historic Cemetery District">
Eastside Historic Cemetery District

The Eastside Historic Cemetery District is a historic district bounded by Elmwood Avenue, Mt. Elliott Avenue, Lafayette Street, and Waterloo Street in Detroit, Michigan. The district consists of three separate cemeteries: Mount Elliott Cemetery (Catholic, established 1841), Elmwood Cemetery (Protestant, established 1846), and the Lafayette Street Cemetery (Jewish, established 1850). The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Mount Elliott Cemetery.
Mount Elliott Cemetery is the oldest extant cemetery in the city of Detroit, and contains . It is located on Mount Elliott Avenue just north of Lafayette Street.
History.
Detroit's Catholic community was originally heavily French in character. However, near the beginning of the 19th century, waves of immigration added other nationalities into the mix, notably Irish Catholics. In time, these Irish Catholics departed from the French-speaking Ste. Anne's and established their own parish. By 1840, they decided they wanted their own cemetery. In 1841, the parish purchased of farmland from the Leib farm for $400.
The first burial in the cemetery occurred only twelve days after its establishment when Robert Elliott, an architect, judge, and founding member of the committee that created the cemetery, was laid to rest. He had been killed in a construction accident. The cemetery was christened "Mount Elliott" in his honor.
A second parcel of land was purchased for the cemetery in 1865, and a third in 1881; this brought the size of the cemetery to its current . A stone gateway into the cemetery was completed the same year. In 1869, remains from Detroit's Ste. Anne Cemetery were moved and re-interred at Mount Elliott. Among the remains moved was Colonel Jean François Hamtramck.
Description.
Roads winding through the cemetery carry the names of religious leaders (Pope Pius Avenue, Bishop LeFevere Avenue and Place, and Bishop Borgess Avenue) or biblical themes (Calvary Avenue, Holy Cross Place, Trinity Avenue, and Resurrection Avenue).
The entrance to Mt. Elliott Cemetery is through a stone gateway designed and built by Walter Schweikart in 1882 at a cost of $6,000. Schweikart also built the entrance to the nearby Elmwood cemetery.
In 1872, Fireman's Fund bought large lots for $500 apiece in both Mt. Elliott and Elmwood Cemeteries for the purpose of burying firefighters. In 1889, the Fund erected a marker at the site for a cost of $2,965.
Gravesites.
The following are some people buried in Mt. Elliott:
Elmwood Cemetery.
Elmwood Cemetery, established in 1846, is in size and contains over 51,000 graves. It is located on Lafayette Street, just east of Mt. Elliott Avenue. It is the oldest continuously operating, non-denominational cemetery in Michigan.
History.
Elmwood Cemetery was originally planned in 1846. The first were purchased from the George Hunt farm using money from subscriptions in 1850. Over the years, additional land was purchased from the Hunt Farm and the neighboring D.C. Whitwood farm to increase the grounds to the current .
A Gothic Revival chapel, designed by Albert and Octavius Jordan, was added in 1856. The limestone chapel blends into the natural ravine and landscaping. Gordon W. Lloyd designed the Gothic-inspired gatehouse in 1870.
The 1856 chapel, which had fallen into disuse, was refurbished in the 1950s and is still used today. The chapel was extensively restored after a late 1900s fire.
Description.
Elmwood Cemetery is one of the few places in modern Detroit where the "original" rolling terrain of the area can be seen. Parent Creek (renamed "Bloody Run" after the famous Indian battle) runs through the cemetery, serving as a focus of the landscape. Noted landscape designer Frederick Law Olmsted, inspired by the Mount Auburn Cemetery in Massachusetts, contributed to the redesign of the overall cemetery plan in 1891.
The cemetery is also famous for its multiple monuments, creating a city in miniature. These include works by noted sculptors, including the marble "Veiled Lady" by Randolph Rogers, and "Flying Geese" by Marshall Fredericks.
Gravesites.
Twenty-nine Detroit mayors, at least six governors, eleven senators, and a dozen cabinet members are buried on the grounds. Those interred at Elmwood include:
Lafayette Street Cemetery.
The Lafayette Street Cemetery, established by the Temple Beth El in 1850, is Michigan's oldest Jewish cemetery. It was originally named Champlain Street Cemetery of Temple Beth El because Lafayette was formerly known as Champlain Street. With an area of , this cemetery is by far the smallest of the three in the district; it is located at the southeast corner of Elmwood Cemetery, on Layfayette.
History.
The first burial was in 1851, and in 1854 Samuel Marcus, the first rabbi of Beth El, was buried in the cemetery. Although use slowed in the late 1880s, the cemetery was in active use until the 1950s. The cemetery is now part of the Elmwood Cemetery grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20547487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547487" title="Sibley Park">
Sibley Park

Sibley Park is a city park located at the convergence of the Minnesota and Blue Earth Rivers in Mankato, Minnesota. 
The park was established in 1887 and was named for the state's first governor Henry Hastings Sibley. The park is split into two sides with a hill separating the two sides. The front side has a band shell, a petting zoo, and large lawn area. There are numerous gardens and walking trails through the park. The river side of the park has a view of the river along with sledding hills during the winter, and softball fields and tennis courts during the summer months. There are also a playground and barbecue pits.
The park stands on the site of a defining incident of the Sioux Uprising of 1862, in which then Colonel Henry Sibley (after whom the park is named), condemned 303 voluntarily surrendered Sioux men to death by hanging following a series of cursory sham trials, after personal written assurances from Sibley to treat fairly those who had presented themselves under a white flag. Abraham Lincoln personally requested the hanging be delayed until the cases could be reviewed, but under pressure from advisors, he summarily decided that only rapists should be hanged. As there were only 2 identified cases of rape among the 303, which would not satisfy the desire for retribution of the settlers, Lincoln reviewed the cases and personally drew up a list of 38 Sioux, who were hanged in downtown Mankato.The park takes up an area of approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="20547508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547508" title="ELLA (programming language)">
ELLA (programming language)

ELLA is a Hardware description language and support toolset. Developed by the Royal Signals and Radar Establishment during the 1980s and 90s. 
Includes tools to perform:
ELLA is a winner of the 1989 Queen's Award for Technological Achievement.
Sample.
Sample originally from ftp://ftp.dra.hmg.gb/pub/ella (a now dead link) - Public release.
Code for matrix multiplication hardware design verification:

</doc>
<doc id="20547511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547511" title="Paul Foley (admiral)">
Paul Foley (admiral)

Paul Foley (1909 – July 7, 1990) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. About 1937, he married the artist Cornelia MacIntyre Foley (1909–2010). During World War II, while a commander commanding a PBY Catalina squadron in the Aleutians, Foley was involved in the recovery of the Akutan Zero.

</doc>
<doc id="20547522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547522" title="WTA Swiss Open">
WTA Swiss Open

The WTA Swiss Open was a women's professional tennis tournament played in a number of locations in Switzerland. The event was held from 1899–1994, and was played on outdoor clay courts. The tournament underwent a name change in 1986, when it was titled the European Open until its discontinuation. It formed part of the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour. When the WTA introduced the tiering format to its circuit, the event gradually moved up, from being a Tier V in 1988–1989, a Tier IV from 1990–1992, and a Tier III for its remaining years. 
Two Swiss players won the event: Manuela Maleeva (who formerly represented Bulgaria) won the singles in 1991, and Christiane Jolissaint, who won the doubles on three occasions: 1983, 1984, and 1988. Maleeva holds the record, along with Chris Evert, for most singles wins; both players won the event three times, and Maleeva finished runner-up a further three occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="20547552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547552" title="Mount Loftus">
Mount Loftus

Mount Loftus is a country estate in Powerstown in County Kilkenny, Ireland. Originally home to the Loftus Baronets the baronetcy being extinct since the death of the third Baronet in 1864. A splendid set of entrance gates by William Turner of Stephen's Green can be seen on approach to the house.

</doc>
<doc id="20547564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547564" title="1974 Torneo Descentralizado">
1974 Torneo Descentralizado

The 1974 season of the Torneo Descentralizado, the top category of Peruvian football, was played by 22 teams. The top six qualified to the final group stage. The relegation system was as follows: The last-placed team was relegated, the worst Lima-based, Arequipa-based and Lima Province-based teams were relegated. The national champions were Universitario.
Results.
Final group.
UNIVERSITARIO 1974 National Champions - 15th title

</doc>
<doc id="20547571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547571" title="2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Individual Women">
2008–09 Biathlon World Cup – Individual Women

The 2008-09 Biathlon World Cup/Individual Women will start at Thursday December 4, 2008 in Östersund and will finish Wednesday March 11, 2009 in Vancouver at the pre-olympic Biathlon event. Defending titlist is Martina Beck of Germany.
Competition format.
The 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) individual race is the oldest biathlon event; the distance is skied over five laps. The biathlete shoots four times at any shooting lane, in the order of prone, standing, prone, standing, totalling 20 targets. For each missed target a fixed penalty time, usually one minute, is added to the skiing time of the biathlete. Competitors' starts are staggered, normally by 30 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="20547578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547578" title="Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act">
Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act

The Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act (MEJA) is a law intended to place military contractors under U.S. law. The law was used to prosecute former Marine Corps Sgt. Jose Luis Nazario, Jr. for the killing of unarmed Iraqi detainees, though he was ultimately acquitted.
Overview.
MEJA was a bill passed in 2000 that allowed persons who are "employed by or accompanying the armed forces" overseas may be prosecuted under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act of 2000 for any offense that would be punishable by imprisonment for more than one year if committed within the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States.
"Employed by the armed forces" is defined to include civilian employees of the Department of Defense (DoD) as well as its contractors and their employees (including subcontractors at any tier), and, after October 8, 2004, civilian contractors and employees from other federal agencies and "any provisional authority," to the extent that their employment is related to the support of the Department of Defense mission overseas.
By the wording, MEJA is supposed to apply to Private Military Contractors and Private Security Contractors that previously fell out of the jurisdiction of being civilians or military personnel.
Cases Enacted in.
The Department of Justice has reported that 12 persons have been charged under MEJA since its passage in 2000, with several investigations underway that may result in charges. Very few successful prosecutions involving DOD contractors in Iraq under MEJA have been reported. A contractor working in Baghdad pleaded guilty to possession of child pornography in February 2007. Another contract employee was prosecuted for abusive sexual contact involving a female soldier that occurred at Talil Air Force Base in 2004. A contract employee was indicted for assaulting another contractor with a knife in 2007.
Efficacy.
To date, the MEJA has been used three times to successfully prosecute someone. LaTasha Arnt was charged with stabbing her husband to death on Incirlik Air Base in Turkey in May 2003. She was extradited to stand trial in federal court in California, and later she pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter. Also, Aaron Langston, a resident of Snowflake, Arizona, was formally charged with assaulting a fellow contractor in Iraq with a knife. Langston was indicted by a federal grand jury in Phoenix on March 1, 2007. He was sentenced to 26 months in federal prison for the offense. 
Most recently, Steven D. Green was successfully prosecuted under the MEJA for his participation in the sexual assault and murder of fourteen-year-old Iraqi Abeer Kassem Hamza Al-Janabi, and the murder of her father, mother, and six-year-old sister. A private first class at the time of the killings, Green was honorably discharged just over two months after the incident due to a diagnosis of anti-social personality disorder. At that point his involvement in the crime had not yet come to the attention of the authorities. The federal district court ultimately sentenced him to five consecutive life sentences. While the death penalty was available, the jury was unable to unanimously agree on it. (Green died Feb 15, 2014 cause of death was ruled suicide by hanging.) 

</doc>
<doc id="20547584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547584" title="Bruce Hines">
Bruce Hines

Bruce Edwin Hines (born November 7, 1957 in Pomona, California) is a Major League Baseball coach who is currently the minor league field coordinator for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
As a player, Hines was a switch hitter who primarily played second base. Hines attended Bonita High School in La Verne, California and played college baseball for the University of La Verne. He was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 15th round of the 1979 amateur draft, but returned to La Verne where he was named First Team All-SCIAC in 1980. He was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 18th round of the 1980 amateur draft, but his playing career peaked at the high-A level.
He managed teams in the California/Anaheim/Los Angeles Angels and Oakland Athletics minor league systems, and worked as minor-league field coordinator for the Angels before being named the third base coach for the Seattle Mariners.
On October 19, 2009, the Mariners announced Hines would be the only member of their coaching staff not retained for the following season.
Off the field, Hines had a brief appearance in the 1996 film "The Fan", in which he played an umpire who was presumably killed by the film's lead character.

</doc>
<doc id="20547586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547586" title="NmVac4-A/C/Y/W-135">
NmVac4-A/C/Y/W-135

NmVac4-A/C/Y/W-135 is the commercial name of the Meningococcal meningitis polysaccharide serogroups A,C,Y and W-135 vaccine of JN-International Medical Corporation. The product is specially designed and formulated to be used in developing countries for protecting populations during meningitis disease epidemics. Meningococcal meningitis is a bacterial infection caused by the bacterium "Neisseria meningitidis", also known as meningococcus. The vaccine is made from bacterial capsular polysaccharides through fermentation of each individual serogroup of "Neisseria meningitidis" in bioreactors. Then the polysaccharides are purified, formulated and lyophilized using preservatives and stabilizers to make a vaccine product. The vaccine cannot protect other than "Neisseria meningitidis" serogroups A,C,Y and W-135 or cannot completely protect from these serogroups.
History.
Since 1995, Dr. Jeeri R Reddy in an association with Institut Pasteur collected more than 800 serotypes of "Neisseria meningitidis" bacteria from sub-Saharan Africa and tested them for the production of meningitis vaccine. Dr. Reddy selected a few serotypes that those are suitable for production of vaccine against meningitis disease.
The methods of manufacture of the vaccine product is now patented in the United States (USPTO) and in the WIPO Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) countries.
Multicenter clinical trials and efficacy.
The efficacy of the vaccine was tested in sub-Saharan Africa (Niger and Burkina Faso) using 750 people for a period of 52 weeks (Phase III trials). Protective sero-conversion successfully occurred and protection was tested and recorded in vaccinated individuals during a spontaneous disease outbreak. However, it is well known that this type of vaccine (pure polysaccharides) gives disease protection for no more than 18 months.
Practicality of meningococcal polysaccharide vaccines for epidemics.
Limited vaccine supply threatens response to meningitis epidemics in Africa every year during the seasonal disease epidemic. The shortage of vaccine is manmade due to unimproved production capabilities and lack of appropriation of charitable funds. Due to lack of appropriate vaccine stock to prevent the killer disease, World Health Organization is asking vaccine manufacturers about the usage of lower dose for upcoming Meningitis disease outbreak season (2008–2009) - Science, December, 2008 and ScienceDaily (Dec. 6, 2008). Saudi Arabian health authorities have reported a total of 225 cases, including 57 deaths during the Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca. Meningococcal meningitis vaccine containing serogroups A, C, Y, W-135 is currently required by Saudi Arabia for pilgrims visiting Mecca for the Hajj or for the Umrah. Moreover, developing countries are not immune to this disease because morbidity and mortality rates from the disease in developing countries are often higher (20–40%) than in developed countries. Among those who survive the meningococcal disease, 10–20% experience neurological sequelae. JN-International Medical Corporation in Ivory Coast has provided over 5 million doses of serotypes A & C vaccine on long term credit to the Ministry of Health of Niger, Burkina Faso, Benin and Ivory Coast during meningitis disease outbreak seasons since the year 2006.
Indications.
Primary vaccination to children.
Children 2–10 years of age who are at high risk for meningococcal disease such as certain chronic medical conditions and travel to or reside in countries with hyperendemic or epidemic meningococcal disease should receive primary immunization. Although safety and efficacy of the vaccine have not been established in children younger than 2 years of age and under outbreak control, the unconjugated vaccine can be considered. Safety and efficacy of NMVAC-4 have not been established in children younger than 11 years of age; however, clinical studies in children 2–10 years of age have been recommended.
Adolescents 11 years of age or older.
It is recommend that primary immunization against meningococcal disease with NMVAC-4 for all young adolescents at 11–12 years of age and all unvaccinated older adolescents at 15 years of age. Although NMVAC-4 is the preferred meningococcal vaccine in adolescents 11 years of age or older, NmVac-4 is an acceptable alternative if the conjugated vaccine is unavailable.
Adults.
College Students who plan to live in dormitories receive primary immunization with NMVAC-4. Although the risk for meningococcal disease for is similar to 18–24 years of age that for the general population of similar age. The college students consider vaccination against meningococcal disease to reduce their risk for the disease and stated that college health-care providers should take a proactive role in providing information about meningococcal disease to students and their parents. Although NMVAC-4 is the preferred meningococcal vaccine in adults 55 years of age or younger, NmVac-4 is an acceptable alternative for adults in this age group if the conjugated vaccine is unavailable. Since safety and efficacy of NMVAC-4 in adults older than 55 years of age have not been established to date, NmVac-4 should be used for primary immunization in this group.
Medical staff and laboratory personnel.
Health care people should receive routine immunization against meningococcal disease for laboratory personnel who are routinely exposed to isolates of "N. meningitidis". Laboratory personnel and medical staff are at risk of exposure to "N. meningitidis" or to patients with meningococcal disease. Hospital Infection Control Practices Advisory Committee (HICPAC) recommendations regarding immunization of health-care workers that routine vaccination of health-care personnel is recommended, Any individual 11–55 years of age who wishes to reduce their risk of meningococcal disease may receive NMVAC-4 and those older than 55 years of age. Under certain circumstances if unvaccinated health-care personnel cannot get vaccinated and who have intensive contact with oropharyngeal secretions of infected patients and who do not use proper precautions should receive anti-infective prophylaxis against meningococcal infection (i.e., 2-day regimen of oral rifampin or a single dose of IM ceftriaxone or a single dose of oral ciprofloxacin).
Military recruits.
Because the risk of meningococcal disease is increased among military recruits, all military recruits routinely receive primary immunization against the disease.
Travelers.
It is unfortunate that immunization against meningococcal disease is not a requirement for entry into any country, unlike Yellow fever. Only Saudi Arabia require that travelers to their country for the annual Hajj and Umrah pilgrimage have a certificate of vaccination against meningococcal disease issued not more than 3 years and not less than 10 days before arrival in Saudi Arabia. 
Travelers to or residents of areas where "N. meningitidis" is highly endemic or epidemic are at risk of exposure should receive primary immunization against meningococcal disease.
Peaks of meningococcal disease (usually caused by serogroup A or C) occur regularly during the dry season (i.e., December through June) in that portion of sub-Saharan Africa known as the " meningitis belt," which extends from Mali to Ethiopia. In addition, major epidemics occur every 8–12 years. Travelers to these high-risk areas may be at risk of meningococcal disease and many of these countries do not have established means for surveillance and timely reporting of epidemics 
HIV-infected individuals.
HIV-infected individuals are likely to be at increased risk for meningococcal disease; HIV-infected individuals who wish to reduce their risk of meningococcal disease may receive primary immunization against meningococcal disease. Although efficacy of NMVAC-4 has not been evaluated in HIV-infected individuals to date, HIV-infected individuals 11–55 years of age may receive primary immunization with the conjugated vaccine. Vaccination against meningitis do not decrease CD4+ T-cell counts or increase viral load in HIV-infected individuals and there has been no evidence that the vaccines adversely affect survival.
Household and close contacts of individuals with invasive meningococcal disease.
Protective levels of anticapsular antibodies are not achieved until 7–14 days following administration of a meningococcal vaccine, vaccination cannot prevent early onset disease in these contacts and usually is not recommended following sporadic cases of invasive meningococcal disease.
Disease outbreak control.
NMVAC-4 can be used for large-scale vaccination programs when an outbreak of meningococcal disease occurs in Africa and other regions of the world. Whenever sporadic or cluster cases or outbreaks of meningococcal disease occur in the US, chemoprophylaxis is the principal means of preventing secondary cases in household and other close contacts of individuals with invasive disease. NMVAC-4 rarely may be used as an adjunct to chemoprophylaxis,1 but only in situations where there is an ongoing risk of exposure (e.g., when cluster cases or outbreaks occur) and when a serogroup contained in the vaccine is involved. It is important that clinicians promptly report all cases of suspected or confirmed meningococcal disease to local public health authorities and that the serogroup of the meningococcal strain involved be identified. The effectiveness of mass vaccination programs depends on early and accurate recognition of outbreaks. When a suspected outbreak of meningococcal disease occurs, public health authorities will then determine whether mass vaccinations (with or without mass chemoprophylaxis) is indicated and delineate the target population to be vaccinated based on risk assessment.
Contradictions.
The safety of the vaccine in pregnant women has not been established. People with component deficiencies in the final common complement pathway (C3,C5-C9) are more susceptible to "N. meningitidis" infection than complement-satisfactory people, and it was estimated that the risk of infection is 7000 times higher in such individuals. In addition, complement component-deficient population frequently experience frequent meningococcal disease, since their immune response to natural infection may be less complete than that of complement none-deficient people. Inherited properdin deficiency also is related with an increased risk of contracting meningococcal disease. Because people with functional or anatomic asplenia may not immune to efficiently clear encapsulated "Neisseria meningitidis" from the bloodstream. Persons with other conditions associated with immunosuppression also may be at increased risk of developing meningitis disease.</ref> The safety of this vaccine in the people with Chronic Medical Conditions has not been established.
Pharmacodynamics.
The capsular polysaccharides of "Neisseria meningitidis" are attractive vaccine candidates because they constitute the most highly conserved and most exposed bacterial-surface antigens. The use of capsular polysaccharides as immunoprophylactic agents against human disease caused by encapsulated bacteria is now firmly established. The capsular polysaccharides of the meningococcus are negatively charged and are obtained in a high molecular weight immunogenic form by precipitation. Meningococcal polysaccharide vaccines are efficacious to protect from meningitis disease in adults, but cannot provide full protection to infants under the age of 5. The duration of protection elicited by the meningococcal polysaccharide vaccines is not long lasting in adults and children above four years of age. For children from one to four years old the duration of protection is less than three years. Protective immunity to encapsulated bacterial pathogens such as "N. meningitidis" is principally mediated by the reaction between antibody and capsular polysaccharide epitopes. In encapsulated gram negative bacteria, protection results primarily from a direct complement-mediated bactericidal effect. Vaccines have been prepared from the capsular polysaccharides of "Neisseria meningitidis" (groups A, C, W-135, and Y). These and other polysaccharides have been classified as T cell independent type 2 (TI-2) antigens based on their inability to stimulate an immune response in animals that carry an X-linked immune B-cell defect (xid). TI-2 antigens tend to be characterized by high molecular weight, multiple repeat epitopes, slow degradation in vivo, and a failure to stimulate major histocompatibility complex (MHC) type II mediated T-cell help. TI-2 antigens generally are incapable of stimulating an immune response in neonatal humans under 18 months of age. This has spurred attempts to modify the capsular polysaccharides such that vaccines protective for all at-risk groups will result. To date, the most successful approach has been to covalently bind carrier proteins to the polysaccharides, thus engendering a vaccine capable of invoking a T-dependent response.
Formulation.
The vaccine contains 50 mcg of polysaccharide for each of the serogroup's (A, C, Y and W135) purified polysaccharide in a lyophilized form. Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) of C, Y and W-135 serogroups is Sialic acid. Phosphate is an API for serogroup A. Lactose is used as a stabilizer. As a precautionary measure mercury is not used in the vaccine formulation. The vaccine comes in 10 and 50-dose vials and is reconstituted using saline diluent.
Structures of the Capsular Polysaccharides of "N. meningitidis" A.C.Y and W-135:
NMR analysis showed that the structures of the Polysaccharides of "N. meningitidis" A.C.Y and W-135 isolates collected from Africa and used in the vaccine production are O-acetylation positive (O Ac +) and it is one of the requirement of International Conference on Harmonization ICH and WHO Guidance. O-acetylated polysaccharides influence the immunogenicity of meningococcal vaccines. It is well known that O acetylated at carbon 3 in serogroup A polysaccharide induces higher Serum Bactericidal Antibody (SBA) detectable anti- serogroup A antibodies in human. Serogroups C, W-135, and Y also have various degrees of O-acetylation, whereas, none O-acetylated of these serogroups can also produce protective immunogenicity against the disease. WHO/ICH requirement of O-acetylation positive for serogroups C, W-135, and Y is disadvantage for the vaccine manufacturers in the selection of high yielding polysaccharide producing O-acetylation groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20547601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547601" title="Thomas Brock (opperhoved)">
Thomas Brock (opperhoved)

Thomas Brock (died 23 March 1745) was the second of four Opperhoveds to run the Danish Gold Coast in 1745. He served the shortest period of time, from his arrival on March 11 to his death twelve days later. He would have governed from the then-capital of Fort Christiansborg.

</doc>
<doc id="20547639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547639" title="Ignacio Tinoco, Jr.">
Ignacio Tinoco, Jr.

Ignacio Tinoco, Jr. is a Professor of Chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley, a position he has held since 1956.
Ignacio Tinoco received a Bachelor's degree from the University of New Mexico in 1951, and a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry at the University of Wisconsin, Madison in 1954. He was a postdoctoral fellow with John Kirkwood at Yale University from 1954-56. He joined the University of California, Berkeley as a faculty member in 1956, where he is presently Professor in the Graduate School and a Faculty Senior Scientist, Physical Biosciences Division, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. He was Chairman of the Chemistry Department (1979-82). 
His honors and awards include: Guggenheim Fellow, Medical Research Council Laboratory, Cambridge (1964); California Section Award, American Chemical Society (1965); D.Sc. University of New Mexico (1972); Member, National Academy of Sciences (1985); Elisabeth R. Cole Award, Biophysical Society (1996); Berkeley Citation, University of California (1996); Member, American Academy of Arts and Sciences (2001); Founders Award, Biophysical Society (2006); Fellow: American Physical Society, Biophysical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20547645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547645" title="Calabrian regional election, 1995">
Calabrian regional election, 1995

The Calabrian regional election of 1995 took place on 23 April 1995.
Giuseppe Nisticò (Forza Italia) was elected President of the Region, defeating Donato Tommaso Veraldi (Italian People's Party).
For the first time the President of the Region was directly elected by the people, although the election was not yet binding and the President-elect could have been replaced during the term. This is precisely what happened in 1998, when the centre-right decided to replace Nisticò with Battista Caligiuri, and again in 1999, when a centre-left majority supported by dissidents of the centre-right, who had formed the Democratic Union for the Republic, ousted Caligiuri and replaced him with Luigi Meduri of the Italian People's Party.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20547648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547648" title="Perry Schwartz">
Perry Schwartz

Perry Schwartz (April 27, 1915January 4, 2001) was a professional American football wide receiver. He played five seasons with the National Football League's Brooklyn Dodgers (1938–1942) and the All-America Football Conference's New York Yankees (1946).

</doc>
<doc id="20547653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547653" title="Wow Cafe and Wingery">
Wow Cafe and Wingery

WOW Cafe "American Grill & Wingery" is a restaurant founded in 2001 by Paul, Scott, and Steve Ballard in Covington, Louisiana. Since opening its first restaurant, the franchise has expanded and opened locations all over the United States, including more than 50 in 2008. The headquarters are still located in Covington. The name is an abbreviation of "World of Wings".
Menu.
The restaurant menu includes appetizers, quesadillas, fajitas, chicken wings, chicken tenders, hamburgers, wraps, salads, New Orleans entrees, desserts, and a children's menu. The wings come with a choice of 17 sauces, including Buffalo I, II, and XIII, Thai, Kansas City BBQ, Asian Teryaki, Jamaican Jerk, Santa Fe, Acadian, and others. It also features a selection of signature drinks unique to the franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="20547671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547671" title="Melcher Media">
Melcher Media

Melcher Media is a book packager and publisher in New York City, New York, founded in 1994 by Charles Melcher. The company’s focuses include magazine-, movie-, and TV-related books; environmental titles; pop-up books; and DuraBooks. 
The company has produced more than 100 titles, including 15 "New York Times" best sellers, such as (Rodale), "Domino: The Book of Decorating" (Simon & Schuster), "Eminem: The Way I Am" (Dutton), "The Lucky Shopping Manual" (Gotham), "The Lucky Guide to Mastering Any Style" (Gotham), "100 Years of Harley-Davidson" (Bulfinch), and "Sex and the City: Kiss and Tell" (Pocket). 
Melcher Media is known for highly visual, innovative, and physically distinctive books, such as a pink faux-alligator binding of "Sex and the City: Kiss and Tell" and a green gel-filled cover for "Not Just Cartoons, Nicktoons". The company also leads the market with adult pop-up books, such as the best-selling "Pop-Up Book of Phobias" and "Pop-Up Book of Celebrity Meltdowns".
Future of StoryTelling.
Melcher Media founded and produced The Future of StoryTelling (FoST) summit, an exclusive gathering of highly influential people that are shaping the way that technology is revolutionizing human communications. Organized around a series of intimate, high-level discussions with inspiring speakers, as well as immersive experiences, this participatory summit will expose top-tier individuals and corporations to the new ideas and technologies that are driving the storytelling renaissance in the digital age.
DuraBooks.
In 2004, Melcher Media received U.S. Patent 6,773,034 for a waterproof book-binding technology, known as DuraBooks. Using synthetic paper, DuraBooks are durable yet also recyclable. The most prominent DuraBook titles include Michael Braungart and William McDonough’s (North Point) and "Aqua Erotica: 18 Stories for a Steamy Bath" (Three Rivers). Cradle to Cradle Design uses DuraBook technology as an example of an "upcyclable" product.

</doc>
<doc id="20547672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547672" title="Antón de Palategui">
Antón de Palategui

Antón de Palategui was a Spanish conquistador, soldier, and poet. He is probably best known for his poem, "Cristo en la Bestia," written during his venture with Francisco de Orellana from the Negro River to the estuary of the Amazon in 1542.
In Spain.
Palategui was born circa 1504. Though the location of his birth is unknown, he was educated in Eibar, Castile, making noble heritage likely. Palategui began military service in 1522. That same year he met Hernando Pizarro at the funeral of his father, Gonzalo Pizarro y Rodríguez. They may have been related.
In South America.
Palategui followed Pizarro to Peru in 1534 to serve as a consulate in the recently conquered Incan city of Cuzco. There, he proved an equally efficient soldier and bureaucrat, helping to suppress the uprising of Huayna Capac and supervising the execution of Francisco Pizarro's former partner, Diego de Almagro in 1538. This later act led to his imprisonment in Spain in 1557 (Hernando Pizarro suffered worse, by most accounts imprisoned from 1538 until 1560).
According to the private letters of Franco Francisco Cortez, Palategui joined Francisco de Orellana's search for el Dorado and la Canela in 1541 on the recommendation of Hernando Pizarro. Palategui supervised the building of the 49-man expedition's ship. This is mentioned in "Cristo en la Bestia."
Orellena and his men reached the Negro River on June 3, 1542 and continued down the Amazon River (then named the Mar Dulce), reaching the river's mouth on August 24, 1542. The crew followed the Atlantic coast until reaching Cubagua, near the Venezuelan coast. It was there Palategui completed his best known works of poetry, "Cristo en la Bestia," "El Chiste de Dios," and "Otras Cosas."
Given his future imprisonment, it is unlikely Palategui accompanied Orellena on his return to Spain to argue for the governorship of New Andalusia, though it is possible. It is believed he joined Orellena's disastrous second Amazon voyage in 1545, though he is only mentioned in post-dated memos and by first name. Orellena died before the journey was completed.
Return to Europe.
Sometime between 1547 and 1555, Palategui returned to Europe. In March, 1555, he settled in Lepanto, during a period of political instability in which Spanish, Ottoman, and Venetian interests all laid claim to the region. These claims would not be settled until the 1570s after the Ottoman advance on Cyprus. In Lepanto, Palategui continued to write poetry, though his work took a spiritually ornate tone, predating the English metaphysical poets, leading some scholars to speculate he had spent some part of his time en absentia learning English. However, other research suggests Palategui's refined style developed incidentally, influenced by the work of the Spanish mystics.
After two years in Lepanto and modern-day Greece, Palategui went home to Castile. However, in March 1557, he was arrested and imprisoned for his role in the execution of Almagro. While in prison, Palategui began his last known work of poetry, "Canción de Prisión." He completed it upon his release in 1560.
Death.
Like his birth, the exact date of Palategui's death is unknown, but letters have led historians to place it circa 1567. Regardless, Palategui was unusually long-lived for a Conquistador.
Discovery.
Palategui never published work during his lifetime, though soon after his death, his journals were studied by late Renaissance scholars as historical documents, rather than cultural artifacts. His poems, which initially appeared in paragraph form with romantic markers denoting line breaks, were resurrected in the early 20th century by French poet and humorist Max Jacob, who applauded their atypical form and humor. Palategui's work was published on its own as, The God and the Bull: The Complete Works of Antón de Palategui.
Poetic Style.
With the exception of "Canción de Prisión," Palategui's later works resemble other 16th-century spiritual poetry in theme and form. However, the works he completed in South America were highly unusual. Palategui rarely obeyed rhyming conventions and avoided formal language. Though allusions to biblical passages and antiquity mark his poems, they often do so in a sardonic manner.
Poets citing Palategui as a formative influence on their own work include his contemporary Juan Castillo de Hermosa, and the 18th-century Spanish Romantic poet Rodrigo Mentider.
Controversy.
Some historians doubt the veracity of Palategui's works. In 1974, Historian Gabriel Luis proposed that Palategui wrote "Cristo en la Bestia" based on Gaspar de Carvajal's "Relación del nuevo descubrimiento del famoso río Grande que descubrió por muy gran ventura el capitán Francisco de Orellana". Caravajal was a Dominican missionary, commissioned by Gonzalo Pizarro to join Orellana's mission as chaplain. Other historians claim records show Palategui was jailed in Castilla la Nueva at the time of the first exploration. However, linguist George Malgrove suggests Palategui was a byname referring to a city of origin and as such, it is conceivable that several men named Antón de Palategui could've been alive at the same time, which could explain conflicting sources.
Interesting Tidbit.
There is a McDonald's in Castilla la Nueva with the final lines of Palategui's "Canción de Prisión" on every register.

</doc>
<doc id="20547703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547703" title="U-1-class submarine">
U-1-class submarine

"U-1" class submarine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20547707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547707" title="Italian record progression 50 metres freestyle">
Italian record progression 50 metres freestyle


</doc>
<doc id="20547717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547717" title="John A. Hefferon">
John A. Hefferon

John A. Hefferon (born 1950), is co-medical director and chairman of the orthopedic surgery department at the Neurologic & Orthopedic Hospital of Chicago (NOHC), founded in 2003 and formerly known as the Neurologic & Orthopedic Institute of Chicago. He is affiliated with Northwestern Memorial Hospital and Saint Joseph Hospital. Hefferon also is an assistant professor in the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery at Northwestern University Medical School in Chicago. 
Hefferon’s specialties are arthroscopy, sports medicine, knee surgery, and shoulder replacement surgery. He attained his certification in orthopedic surgery in 1980 from The American Board of Orthopaedic Surgery.
Originally from Bridgeport, Connecticut, Hefferon earned his medical degree in 1972 from Northwestern University Medical School. After graduation, he served as an intern at two places: Northwestern Memorial Hospital (1973) and at Los Angeles County - USC Medical Center, Department of Medicine (1974). His residency at the State University of New York at Buffalo continued his advanced training in orthopedic surgery. After his residency, he pursued a fellowship in Los Angeles in hand surgery at Boyes, Stark, Ashworth, Zemel, Rickard, Inc. 
Career.
Hefferon is known for total joint replacement of the knee and shoulder, as well as orthopedic sports medicine. He also performs ACL surgery, shoulder replacement, arthroscopic repair surgery, arthroscopic rotator cuff repair surgery, and arthroscopic labrum tear repair surgery.
A former medical director and current league physician for the NBA and WNBA, as well as the 1996 United States Olympics Team, his most famous role may be that of former team physician for the Chicago Bulls, his title from 1984 to 1996. In that capacity he has treated patients as notable as former NBA players Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, Dennis Rodman, Ron Harper, John Paxson, Steve Kerr, and Bill Cartwright. He is also a former medical advisory board member at the Lincoln Park Zoo, where he operated on the late Frank the Gorilla in 1996. 
Professional Memberships/Awards.
Hefferon was a diplomat for the National Board of Medical Examiners in 1974. He is a current member of the American Medical Association, Chicago Medical Society, Illinois State Medical Society, American College of Sports Medicine, and the NBA Team Physicians Society. From 2000-2003, he was named one of Castle Connolly's “Top Doctors” in the Chicago Metro area. 

</doc>
<doc id="20547731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547731" title="Yaaq">
Yaaq

Yaaq is a town in the southwestern Bay region of Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="20547737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547737" title="Al Reynolds">
Al Reynolds

Allen F. Reynolds (born February 15, 1938) is a former American college and professional football guard who played eight seasons in the American Football League from 1960-1967 for the Dallas Texans and Kansas City Chiefs.

</doc>
<doc id="20547771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547771" title="Calabrian regional election, 1990">
Calabrian regional election, 1990

The Calabrian regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
Christian Democracy, which had been the leading political force in the region for twenty years, was the largest party, while the Italian Socialist Party, which controlled the post of President of the Region since 1980, made strong gains and came second at the expenses of the Italian Communist Party.
After the election a new government composed of the Christian Democrats, the Socialists, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party was formed under the leadership of Rosario Olivo, the incumbent Socialist President. 
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20547785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547785" title="Pseudoporphyria">
Pseudoporphyria

Pseudoporphyria (also known as "Pseudoporphyria cutanea tarda") is a bullous photosensitivity that clinically and histologically mimics porphyria cutanea tarda. The difference is that no abnormalities in urine or serum porphyrin is noted on laboratories. Pseudoporphyria has been reported in patients with chronic renal failure treated with hemodialysis and in those with excessive exposure to ultraviolet A (UV-A) by tanning beds.
Pathophysiology.
The precise pathophysiologic mechanism of pseudoporphyria is not fully understood. Some drugs, especially non steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, can trigger pseudoporphyria in the presence of ultraviolet light.
The pathophysiology of pseudoporphyria associated with hemodialysis has not been fully explained. Aluminum hydroxide has been implicated in hemodialysis-associated pseudoporphyria. Aluminum hydroxide is found in dialysis solution and has been shown to produce a porphyrialike disorder after long-term administration in rats.
Frequency.
Although fewer than 100 cases are documented in English language literature, pseudoporphyria is most likely underreported in the literature because it is only a symptom of some other affliction, e.g. side effect of medicine or symptom of liver problems.
As the symptoms of pseudoporhphyra have other names, those symptoms are mentioned.
The rarity of porphyria in modern times also makes the use of the term pseudoporphyria obscure.
Race.
Although pseudoporphyria has no predilection toward any one race, it has been shown that fair-skinned children who are highly prone to sunburn are more likely to develop naproxen-induced pseudoporphyria than those children with skin types III or higher. Wallace et al. demonstrated that even in the absence of a history of blistering, children with light skin and blue or green eyes are at an increased risk of developing shallow scars on the face while taking naproxen.
History.
A careful history is of utmost importance when the diagnosis of pseudoporphyria is being considered. A personal and family history of hepatitis, porphyria, or photosensitivity disorder must be sought.
Although a genetic factor has not been considered in pseudoporphyria, one case of monozygotic twins developing pseudoporphyria after excessive UV-A exposure from long-term tanning bed use has been documented.
The patient should be thoroughly questioned regarding any symptoms of connective tissue disorder, which may be the underlying pathology of the photosensitivity. Recent reports suggest that a connective tissue disorder may be a predisposing factor in patients using nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) who develop pseudoporphyria.
Physical findings.
Pseudoporphyria is clinically characterized by increased skin fragility; erythema; and the appearance of tense bullae and erosions on sun-exposed skin, which are identical to those seen in patients with PCT. However, a clinical pearl that may prove helpful in differentiating between pseudoporphyria and PCT is that the classic features of hypertrichosis, hyperpigmentation, and sclerodermoid changes found with PCT are unusual with pseudoporphyria.
A second clinical pattern of pseudoporphyria has a similar presentation to erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP), an autosomal dominant porphyria resulting from a reduced activity of ferrochelatase.
In contrast to PCT, EPP usually begins in childhood with a history of photosensitivity, often described as a burning sensation immediately after sunlight exposure.
Clinically, EPP is characterized by erythema, edema, shallow scars, and waxy induration of the skin, particularly on the face.
Pseudoporphyria that clinically mimics EPP has been described almost exclusively in children taking naproxen for juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. Naproxen-induced pseudoporphyria seems to have a dimorphic presentation with the PCT-like pattern more often seen in the adult population and the EPP-like pattern more commonly seen in children, although some overlap has been documented.
Causes.
Pseudoporphyria can be induced by a wide range of medications, excessive UV-A exposure, and hemodialysis. One frequently reported drug is naproxen. A frequent source of UV-A exposure is tanning booths.
As recognition of pseudoporphyria increases and the number of new medications expands, the list of etiologic agents associated with pseudoporphyria will most likely continue to grow. Agents associated with pseudoporphyria are as follows:
Treatment.
Sun avoidance, avoidance of tanning booths, and usage of broad spectrum sunscreen that blocks both UVA and UVB.
Identification and avoidance of the offending drug.

</doc>
<doc id="20547801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547801" title="Amanullinic acid">
Amanullinic acid

Amanullinic acid is a cyclic nonribosomal peptide. It is an amatoxin, all of which are found in several members of the "Amanita" genus of mushrooms. The oral of amanullinic acid is approximately 0.1 mg/kg in mice.
Toxicology.
Like other amatoxins, amanullinic acid is an inhibitor of RNA polymerase II.

</doc>
<doc id="20547829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547829" title="Meet Me on the Left Coast">
Meet Me on the Left Coast

Meet Me on the Left Coast is the second studio EP by the band, The Summer Set, that was released on December 12, 2008, by The Militia Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20547846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547846" title="Politics (journal)">
Politics (journal)

politics was a journal founded and edited by Dwight Macdonald from 1944 to 1949.
Macdonald had previously been editor at "Partisan Review" from 1937 to 1943, but after falling out with its publishers, quit to start "politics" as a rival publication, first on a monthly basis and then as a quarterly.
"politics" published essays on politics and culture and included among its contributors James Agee, John Berryman, Bruno Bettelheim, Paul Goodman, C. Wright Mills, Mary McCarthy, Marianne Moore, Irving Howe, Daniel Bell, Hannah Arendt.
The journal reflected Macdonald’s interest in European culture. He used "politics" to introduce US readers to the thinking of the French philosopher Simone Weil, publishing several articles by her, including "A Poem of Force", her reflections on the "Iliad". He also printed work by Albert Camus. Another European, the Italian political and literary critic Nicola Chiaromonte, was also given space in the journal.
"politics" was also Macdonald’s vehicle for his repeated and violent attacks against Henry Wallace and his Progressive Party campaign for President.
In a letter to Philip Rahv at the end of December 1943, George Orwell mentioned that Macdonald had written asking him to contribute to his forthcoming journal. Orwell had replied telling him he might "do something ‘cultural’" but not ‘political’ as he was already writing his "London Letters" to "Partisan Review".
In his "As I Please" article for the 16 June 1944 issue of "Tribune", George Orwell recommended "politics". He stated that he disagreed with its policy but admired "its combination of highbrow political analysis with intelligent literary criticism." He went on to add that there were no monthly or quarterly magazines in England "to come up to" the American ones, of which there were several.
Macdonald, in an editorial comment for the November 1944 issue of "politics" referred to a letter from Orwell which cast interesting light on the ‘russification’ of English political thought over the last two years. Orwell had read the May issue’s review of Harold Laski’s "Faith, Reason and Civilisation" and mentioned that the "Manchester Evening News", the evening edition of the "Manchester Guardian", had refused to print his own review because of its anti-Stalin implications. Despite considering the book "pernicious tripe", Orwell had praised the author for being "aware that the USSR is the real dynamo of the Socialist movement in this country and everywhere else.", but criticized him for shutting his eyes to "purges, liquidations", etc. Macdonald pointed out that the fact that such a review should be considered "too hot" shows how much the feats of the Red Army had misled the English public opinion about Russia. He added that the "English liberal press had been far more honest about the Moscow Trials than our own liberal journals" and that Trotsky had been able to write in the "Guardian".
Dwight Macdonald: Culture as politics - and "politics" as culture.
As a prototypical "one-man magazine", "politics" bore the sensibility and characteristic preoccupations of its founding, and sole, editor, the literary and polemical journalist Dwight Macdonald (1906-1982), whose cantankerous past in the face of institutional authority of all kinds furnished a fitting prologue to his six-year tenure in the editor's chair. After his undergraduate years at Yale - during which he gained early notoriety for his critique in the student newspaper of William Lyon Phelps, a pillar of the university's English faculty, and a lecturer and media figure with a national following - and a brief stint in the Executive Training Squad at the R.H. Macy department-store company, Macdonald landed a position as a writer and associate editor in 1929 at "Fortune", the business monthly launched the year of the American stock market crash by Henry Luce, a Yale alumnus eight years Macdonald's senior whose stable of iconic magazines had begun in 1923 with "Time". Exposure to the many captains of industry whose works and ways he profiled, set against the deepening Depression, sharpened in him a disdain for capitalism which made common cause with an elitist, aristocratic artistic sensibility that admired the classical European past as a sustaining and shaming foil to what he saw as the cultural degradations attendant upon the ascendancy of mass society. As a result, much of Macdonald's outwardly political criticism would take puckish aim at one or another of the stylistic infelicities, whether verbal or in manners, of the reigning pundits and politicians of the day, along with a critical tendency, somewhat like that of an earlier journalistic-literary "rebel in defense of tradition" (to borrow the title of Macdonald's biographer Michael Wreszin), H.L. Mencken, more characteristically negative in tenor than constructive, programmatic or partisan - Mencken's claim that "one horse-laugh is worth ten thousand syllogisms" might well have been Macdonald's own.
Upon leaving "Fortune" in 1936, after a dispute over his epic four-part profile of U.S. Steel one of whose crescendoes was an epigram from Lenin on imperialism as the highest stage of capitalism, he immersed himself in the works of Marx, Lenin and Trotsky, a schooling which, against the backdrop of the Moscow Trials and the bitter divisions over their authenticity across the American left intelligentsia, led him to side with the Trotskyist faction against the Stalinists. The New York social critic Paul Goodman, whose early essays in "politics" seeded his flowering into mainstream fame twenty years later, famously asserted that Macdonald "thinks with his typewriter," a restless, perpetually self-revising (and, often enough in rueful retrospect, self-mocking) quality that saw Macdonald studding the later book versions of his magazine essays with a sort of after-the-fact Greek chorus of second thoughts, self-recriminations and liberal, as it were, doses of "l'esprit de l'escalier", that lent his writing a quality one critic labeled "stereophonic."
The "Partisan Review" prelude.
Macdonald spent the years from 1937 to 1943 as an associate editor at "Partisan Review", among the most famous of 20th-century American little magazines, founded as a Communist journal in 1933 but wrested four years later by a dissident faction led by its to-be veteran co-editors Philip Rahv and William Phillips, a journal synonymous with those "New York intellectuals" wedded equally to an independent radicalism in politics and the modernist avant-garde in literature. Macdonald's steadfast neutrality over the Second World War put him increasingly at odds with his fellow editors, and with much of left opinion following first the attack by Hitler upon Russia and then by the Japanese upon Pearl Harbor affording the Americans, along with Hitler's declaration of war upon the United States in turn, a "casus belli" unto the larger conflict, prompting him to resign from "Partisan Review" at the end of 1943, and to launch "politics" as a vehicle for his antiwar, pacifist, "third way" perspectives, arising from the belief that the developing crises would trigger soon or late an international worker's movement, socialist in form, equally bent on sweeping away both the capitalist status quo in the west and the Communist dictatorship usurping the revolutionary birthright in the Russian sphere.
Allied conduct of the Second World War.
As a self-described pacifist and opponent of American entry into the Second World War, Macdonald in the early numbers of his magazine tracking the final year and a half of the war found much to criticize: the cynicism of Allied war aims, the bombing of civilian populations, the betrayal by the Russians of the Polish resistance in the wake of the crushing of the Warsaw Ghetto uprising, the internment of Japanese-Americans, racial segregation in the American armed forces, the sentimental belief of the "liblabs" - Macdonald's term of parodist art for the broad liberal and labor coalition across the Democratic party and the left intelligentsia - that the winning of the war would issue in the triumph of the "Common Man" and a "More Abundant Future for All" (parodic scare-capitals were among Macdonald's standard craftsman's tools), and the punitive ascription of collective guilt to civilian populations for the crimes and war policies of the governments to which they were subject.
Collective guilt.
In a signature essay in the March 1945 issue of "politics", "The Responsibility of Peoples", also issued as a pamphlet, Macdonald took up this latter subject at great length, and extended into follow-up debates in the issues for May 1945 and July 1945.
In an editorial item in "politics" for April of that year, Macdonald took aim at the collective-guilt mentality as embodied in one of his favorite targets among liberal intellectuals, from which the passage below affords a prime sample of his wry, satiric style:
Japanophobia and the military mind.
Other ongoing interventions by Macdonald calling attention to the divers attributions of collective guilt to enemy civilians during wartime, if on rather a more exalted register of jingoist bloodthirstiness, included an essay, "My Favorite General", whose treatment of its iconic lead subject -
preceded a report of an off-the-record dinner speech to Washington newspapermen by Navy Admiral William F. "Bull" Halsey, from which one characteristic passage,
led Macdonald to note that
In responding two months later to letters from two soldiers - one of whom signed himself "A DISGUSTED MEMBER OF OUR ARMED FORCES." - defending the motivational tactics of Patton and Halsey, Macdonald clarified his views in noting that
Conscientious objection.
Given his pacifist sympathies during the war, it was natural for Macdonald to run many essays from and about conscientious objectors (C.O.s), with whose position he sympathized, but whose common preference for reassignment to civilian over military-support work he did not reflexively share - as an egalitarian with revolutionary hopes for the leavening educational function of the man of conscience upon the larger population, soldiers included, he felt that a more direct presence among the armed forces was a constructive means to the desired end, a subject debated at length within the magazine. an above-average proportion of whose readers and contributors were drawn from both the ranks of C.O.s and, given the sheer scale of wartime mobilization, soldiers themselves.
Racial segregation, in war and in peace.
Among the forms of social injustice in and out of uniform to which "politics" devoted extended coverage was that of racial segregation, in the regular feature "Free and Equal" and elsewhere. Moral issues aside and assumed, Macdonald in one article questioned the very effectiveness for military ends of racial segregation in the armed services, at a time when it was a common assumption that it was no business of the military, given its overriding mission, to be bothering itself with the advancement of "utopian" social goals scarcely advanced elsewhere in a civilian realm scarcely able itself to boast of a shining record of omnichrome rainbow tolerance. One article on race matters, by Wilfred H. Kerr, co-chairman of the Lynn Committee to Abolish Segregation in the Armed Forces, forecast one ironic effect in the postwar era of race strife, prophesying in its very title, "Negroism: Strange Fruit of Segregation", the eventual rise of Black Power and other forms of black separatism. The African-American writer George S. Schuyler, sometimes called "the black Mencken" after his earlier association with the Baltimore journalist's monthly "The American Mercury", contributed an impassioned review of , the Swedish scholar Gunnar Myrdal's pathbreaking and exhaustive survey of the current state of the American racial agony.
The dropping of the atom bomb.
The dropping by the Americans of atom bombs upon the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, as a means of hastening the end of the remaining Pacific front of the Second World War, afforded Macdonald a zero point of the modern condition and a rhetorical crescendo of humanist horror for "politics", in the form of a widely-anthologized lead editorial filling the top half of the cover of the issue for August 1945:
European intellectuals.
Given Macdonald's interest in European intellectual life, and his blended interests in both political and literary matters in an age whose own most famous political essayists were among their respective nations' leading literary figures - George Orwell, Albert Camus, Ignazio Silone - it was natural that the onetime "Partisan Review" veteran Macdonald would feature such writers prominently throughout his controlling tenure atop the masthead of "politics". In addition to contributions from those just mentioned, Macdonald published regular essays and columns by his exiled Italian friends Nicola Chiaromonte and Niccolo Tucci, who were among his most prolific contributors. French intellectuals, often in reprints from native journals, took center stage in a special number from July–August 1947 given over wholly to "French Political Writing," whose stellar roster included Georges Bataille, Camus, Simone de Beauvoir, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, David Rousset, and Jean-Paul Sartre.
Toward a recovered humanism.
The accumulated horrors of total war - from bureaucratic regimentation of the home front to concentration and death camps, racialist nationalism and genocide, atomic weapons, firebombing of civilian populations, and, not least, the replacement as ruling power over Eastern and Central Europe of one, defeated total state, that of Hitler's Germany, with the newly-powerful one, that of Stalinist Russia, that had helped defeat it - combined with the ongoing fading of hopes across the anti-Stalinist left for a long-dreamed socialist dawn to put into wholesale question the sort of reflexive, confident nineteenth-century belief in an all-but-inevitable Progress that had long underwritten the political dimension of western intellectual life. As world war gave way to Cold War, a much-noted reactive turn among intellectuals in the west to such pre- and post-Marxist registers of thought as those offered by religion (Niebuhr, Barth, Tillich), existentialism (Camus, Sartre, Jaspers), or both at once (the newly-modish Kierkegaard) provided regular fare in both the highbrow little magazines of the day and the books pages of the newsweeklies. 
This postwar turn from the old mechanistic secular faith of Marxism toward renewed ethical, if not always explicitly religious, commitments, took central, watershed root in "politics" as well, as the uneasy postwar peace agreements and zoned division of Europe, de-Nazification of German elites and war-crimes trials cemented the Allied victory after the summer of 1945. In the magazine's April 1946 number, Macdonald published the inaugural version of one of his signature essays, "The Root is Man", whose widely-reprinted book version from seven years later would eventually find its way almost fifty years later on the lists of an American publisher specializing in anarchist and other forms of radical literature. The inauguration of a regular department in the magazine, "New Roads," heralded the quest formally, as did a regular feature devoted to "Ancestors" from across the ranks of assorted pre-20th century anarchists (P. J. Proudhon),
social and political philosophers (William Godwin), reformers (Alexander Herzen), and the morally rebellious type among artists (Leo Tolstoy). And in the wake of the assassination in early 1948 of Mohandas Gandhi, "politics" devoted a full-court symposium to the life, ideas, and relevance both inspirational and practical of the slain leader of Indian independence, with contributions from James Agee, Nicola Chiaromonte, Paul Goodman, Macdonald, Mary McCarthy, and Niccolo Tucci, followed by copious extracts from Gandhi's own weekly "Harijan".
The counterculture of anarchist humanism: prologue to the 1960s.
Macdonald's publishing in "politics" of some of the earliest essays by the young Columbia-bound sociologist C. Wright Mills and the young novelist, playwright, therapist and New York social critic Paul Goodman helped seed their rise to national fame twenty years later as two of the signature theorists undergirding the New Left critique of postwar industrial society and mass culture. A debate between Mills and Goodman over the proper locus for the critique of repressive structures in America, with Mills taking a broadly Marxist frame in examining above-ground social structures, and Goodman preferring instead to excavate the post-Freudian unconscious and the repression of instinct, with the social psychology of Karen Horney and Erich Fromm for supporting witness, prefigured the sorts of polemics that would soon crowd the American quality-paperback tables from Ann Arbor to Yale amid the renewal of campus activism and new modes of scholarship. Other harbingers of future cultural ferment may be discerned in a long poem by the English anarcho-pacifist physician Alex Comfort (ascended for all time into the global "non"-literary firmament since 1972 thanks to "The Joy of Sex"), an essay by the young San Francisco Beat-affiliated poet Robert Duncan on the internalized repression, thence redirected outward, too often afflicting "The Homosexual in Society", and numerous essays by the Canadian-born London anarchist and conscientious objector George Woodcock, editor at the time of the anarchist cultural quarterly NOW, the raiding of the offices of whose publisher, Freedom Press, during the war by the political arm of the London police he chronicled in a letter to "politics" in all its unavoidable irony:
And twenty years before his ideas on the "global village" made him a prophetic household name worldwide, the budding Canadian media theorist Marshall McLuhan weighed in as a contributor to "politics" with a discussion of the problems of women in modern bureaucratic society.
Counteracting the Soviet myth.
With the grim consolidation of Stalinist rule in Eastern Europe in the aftermath of the Second World War, and the ensnaring of a large part of the younger generation on the left by the Henry Wallace movement and what he felt to be common notions within of either a moral equivalence between Russia and the west, or an outright tipping of the moral scales in favor of the Soviet side, Macdonald, while still claiming adherence to the anarchist and pacifist labels, and upon re-immersion in the vast literature on recent Communist history, devoted a large opening section of the Winter 1948 number of "politics" to the attempt to counteract the Soviet myth, among whose articles he included an extensive reading list of standard works chronicling forced labor in the Soviet Union, the Moscow trials, the Ukrainian famine of 1932-1933, dating back to the early critiques of the Bolshevik experiment in its infancy published by the anarchist Emma Goldman and the eminent English philosopher Bertrand Russell. In the sphere of foreign and military policy in the developing Cold War, though the range of perspectives Macdonald published naturally did not include pro-Soviet or fellow-traveling writers, he did publish those advocating that the United States take the first, unilateral step toward an eventual mutual disarmament, in the belief the Soviets, assured of the good faith of their ostensibly stronger adversary, would be moved to follow suit. Within the same symposium, Macdonald included a detailed response from the Deweyite pragmatist philosopher and militantly anti-Soviet social democrat, Sidney Hook, 
in whose orbit Macdonald would travel in the next decade which saw him serve for a year as Associate Editor of the London-based monthly "Encounter", founded in 1953 by the Congress for Cultural Freedom, whose own founding in Paris in 1950, with Hook among its leading intellectual lights, he prophesied at the end of the same essay:
The Henry Wallace campaign and "Wallese".
One natural cognate of Macdonald's status as a fiercely anti-Stalinist leftist lay in his ongoing critical attention to Henry Wallace, the final Vice President (1941-1945) under Franklin Roosevelt whose tenure thus was bookended by respective terms heading up the Departments of Agriculture (1933-1940 and Commerce (1945-1946), followed by his nomination in 1948 atop the presidential ticket of the Progressive Party, who Macdonald saw as afflicted by a dangerously credulous and whitewashing attitude toward Stalinist Russia, along with a general-purpose timid banality and penchant for wooly idealist rhetoric divorced from concrete reality. Macdonald devoted the opening sections of the issue of "politics" for March 1947 to an extended look at Wallace, along with an "Autopsy" of the Wallace campaign after the 1948 election. From "The Wallace Myth" from March 1947:
Culture, high, middlebrow and mass.
As the 2011 reissue by New York Review Books Classics of his signature 1950s cultural essays, "Masscult and Midcult: Essays Against the American Grain" (most originally gathered in 1962 as "Against the American Grain: Essays on the Effects of Mass Culture"), may indicate, the phase of the career of Dwight Macdonald best known to the educated public came with his arrival in 1952 as critic on the staff of "The New Yorker", there to assay with dialectical scalpel at the ready such characteristic products of postwar aspirational "middlebrow" - or "Midcult" to Macdonald - culture as the Great Books of the Western World book-sets, the Revised Standard Version translation of the Bible, the latter-day age-of-science penchant for facts over interpretative general ideas, and that hardiest of evergreens in the groves of the American book market, the how-to book. It was in "politics", though, if not surprisingly, that Macdonald provided himself with a premonitory sounding board for such preoccupations, in and out of his regular roundup "Popular Culture", one of whose items also hints at Macdonald's dawn-to-decadence penchant for connecting the evolution of cultural forms to that of the stages of industrial development from which they issue:
Publishing and circulation.
As is proverbial among small-circulation journals of intellectual opinion, the finances of "politics" ran at a deficit, much of it covered by Macdonald's first wife the former Nancy Rodman (m. 1934), sister of the poet, editor and author Selden Rodman, and the beneficiary on her mother's side of an ample trust fund; also proverbially among such magazines, circulation tended toward the 5,000 (c. 60 percent subscription, 40 percent news-stand) mark. Macdonald changed its original monthly frequency to quarterly early in its fourth year of six, and acknowledged in an aside to subscribers his awareness of its chronic scheduling delays in a rueful aside in the issue for (in the best of all intended worlds) Summer 1948:
Nancy's humanitarian and philanthropic background played a key role in an ongoing project of the magazine after the war, that of "Packages Abroad", by which regular appeals to readers, channeled directly or through such standard relief sgencies as CARE, enabled the donation of food, clothing, shoes and coal for heating to thousands of individuals and families across war-ravaged Europe deprived of them.
Reception and influence.
In his column in the left-wing London "Tribune", George Orwell wrote favorably of "politics", as reprinted in a subscription advertisement in the latter paper in August, 1944: “One cannot buy magazines from abroad nowadays, but I recommend anyone who has a friend in New York to try and cadge a copy of "politics", the new monthly magazine edited by the Marxist literary critic, Dwight Macdonald. I don’t agree with the policy of this paper, which is anti-war (not from a pacifist angle), but I admire its combination of highbrow political analysis with intelligent literary criticism... Politically, the paper in this country most nearly corresponding to "politics" would be, I suppose, "The New Leader". You have only to compare the get-up, the style of writing, the range of subjects, and the intellectual level of the two papers, to see what it means to live in a country where there are still leisure and wood-pulp.” In her preface to a 1968 reissue of the full run of "politics", the eminent German-American political theorist Hannah Arendt asserted that
The Polish poet and 1980 Nobelist in Literature, Czesław Miłosz, whose renowned 1953 essay collection "The Captive Mind", amplified a number of Macdonald's own themes regarding the effect of Stalinism on the European mind, found in Macdonald's own independent, anti-authoritarian ethical humanism much to admire, seeing in him a successor to "Thoreau, Whitman, and Melville ... a totally American phenomenon--the completely free man, capable of making decisions at all times and about all things strictly according to his personal moral judgment." Macdonald's friend the Hungarian-born American historian John Lukacs, like Macdonald a cultural traditionalist equally critical of standard-issue American politics either right-wing or "pas d’ennemi à gauche" progressive, in the Jesuit weekly "America" in 1958 christened him an "American Orwell", as John Rodden indicates:
Along with the prominence among leading social critics of the 1960s of such early contributors to "politics" as Paul Goodman and C. Wright Mills, and Macdonald's role among the founding circle of Europhile New York literary and political intellectuals who wrote for the influential biweekly "New York Review of Books" (1963-), a mainstay of postwar intellectual life, among which Macdonald's impassioned critiques of Lyndon Johnson and American policy in Vietnam renewed his role as Second World War gadfly, mention might be made of such long-running little magazines founded in the wake of "politics" as MANAS (1948-1988), a one-man weekly edited by Henry Geiger, a Los Angeles Theosophist, Indophile, commercial printer and Second World War C.O. indebted to the social philosophies of Gandhi, Thoreau, Tolstoy and Ortega y Gasset, and who published the 1953 pamphlet revision of Macdonald's "The Root is Man"; and "Dissent" (1954-), the quarterly founded by early "politics" contributor Irving Howe, a leading anti-Stalinist democratic socialist whose equal prominence as a critic of modern European literature found its cognate in "Dissent" in the prominent space devoted, much after the precedent of "politics", to Continental thinkers and social developments.
Notable contributors.
The following is a selected list of notable contributors to "politics", including all those who wrote for it at least 3 times:

</doc>
<doc id="20547856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547856" title="Jarisha">
Jarisha

Jarisha (, also transliterated Jerisha) was a Palestinian Arab village located from the ancient site of Tell Jarisha (Tel Gerisa), on the south bank of Al-Awja (Yarkon River). After the establishment of Tel Aviv, it was one of five Arab villages to fall within its municipal boundaries. Jarisha was depopulated in the lead up to the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, and the site has since been, "completely covered over by highways and suburban houses."
History.
Jarisha was located only from Tel Gerisa, an archaeological site dating to the Early Bronze II period (2800-2600 BC). In the Middle Bronze period (2000-1500 BC) the site was a fortified Hyksos town. It was succedeed by a Philistine settlement around the 12th century BC. 
Under the rule of the Ottoman Empire, in 1596, Jarisha was a village in the "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of the Bani Sa'b "liwa"' ("district") of Nablus, with a population of 22 Muslim households. The villagers paid taxes on buffalo, goats and beehives. 
In the late 19th century, the village, transcribed as "Jarush", was described as being built of adobe bricks and flanked by an olive grove. It had a well and a mill.
During the British Mandate in Palestine, the population was entirely Muslim, with 43 occupied houses and 183 inhabitants in 1931. The villagers worked in the service industry, but some also grew fruits and vegetables; in 1944-45 a total of 302 dunums of village land was used for citrus and bananas, and 89 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards.
1948, and after.
According to the Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi, the state of the village site in 1992 was as follows: "The site has been completely covered over by highways and suburban houses."

</doc>
<doc id="20547861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547861" title="Saša Jovanović">
Saša Jovanović

Saša Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Caшa Joвaнoвић ;born 18 June 1974 in Leskovac) is a Serbian football manager and former striker. 
As a player he played for FK Radnički Niš, Anorthosis, APOP Paphos, AEL Limassol, Trikala, Panionios, AEP Paphos and APOEL. 
Jovanović also has Cypriot citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20547888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547888" title="Lower Defsko Lake">
Lower Defsko Lake

Lower Defsko Lake (; , "Donje Defsko jezero") is a large mountain lake in Kosovo. Lower Defsko Lake is located in the Kosovan side of the Šar Mountains under the slopes of the Vraca mountain. It is very near the origin of the Radika river which originates in Kosovo. This lake is on an elevation of above sea level.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20547912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547912" title="Food code">
Food code

The Food Code is released by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) every four years as a guide or model from which health jurisdictions nationwide can develop their food service sanitation standards. First published in 1993, the Food Code represents best practices regarding safe food storage, handling, and preparation.
The current version of the FDA Food Code was released in 2013. Health jurisdictions use these guidelines to create their own regulations, which form the basis for food safety standards and sanitation inspections of food service establishments and retail food operations.
Use and content.
According to the FDA, the Food Code provides “practical, science-based guidance and manageable, enforceable provisions for mitigating risk factors known to cause food-borne illness. The Code is a reference document for regulatory agencies that ensure food safety in food service establishments, retail food stores, other food establishments at the retail level, and institutions, such as nursing homes and child care centers.”
Contributors to the development of the Food Code are the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Food Safety and Inspection Service of the Department of Agriculture. The Conference for Food Protection also provides recommendations for FDA Food Code standards.
Food Code provisions address management and personnel, food, equipment, plumbing, physical facilities, chemical product use, and other areas. The FDA Food Code also includes references, rationales for the standards, and model forms.
Adoption.
As of November 2007, 48 of the 50 states had adopted codes modeled on one of the versions of the FDA Food Code. Which version of the Food Code is in force varies by health jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20547957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547957" title="East Ontario (Metrolink station)">
East Ontario (Metrolink station)

East Ontario is a station on Metrolink's Riverside Line in Ontario, California. It is located at 3330 East Francis Street, south of the Ontario International Airport. It is owned and operated by the City of Ontario. Omnitrans Route 81 provides connecting transit a short walk away. Rail service does not operate on weekends. Bus service operates 7 days a week. There are approximately 500 parking spaces available.
East Ontario is the closest station to Ontario International Airport. Airport passengers can connect to Route 81, which will take them to the consolidated rental car facility on Haven Ave., where an airport shuttle will deliver them to the terminal. Due to the relatively limited schedule of Route 81, and the walking involved, some passengers may find an easier airport connection via Route 61 at the Downtown Pomona station.

</doc>
<doc id="20547969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547969" title="Christian Schiønning">
Christian Schiønning

Christian Schiønning (died 1 March 1817) was a governor of the Danish Gold Coast, a Danish Crown Colony. He governed from the colony's capital, Fort Christiansborg.
Schiønning as governor.
In 1811, during his term as governor, Schiønning was forced to pay a ransom of one hundred ounces of gold to the Empire of Ashanti for the release of the commandant of Fort Konigenstein, the Danish fort at Ada, who had helped Know Saffatchi, king of the Akwapim, escape from the army of Apoko, an Ashanti general under Asantehene Osei Bonsu.

</doc>
<doc id="20547974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547974" title="FEFF8">
FEFF8

FEFF8 is self-consistent real space multiple-scattering code for simultaneous calculations of x-ray-absorption spectra and electronic structure. Output includes extended x-ray-absorption fine structure (EXAFS), full multiple scattering calculations of various x-ray absorption spectra (XAS) and projected local densities of states (LDOS). The spectra include x-ray absorption near edge structure (XANES), x-ray natural circular dichroism (XNCD), and non-resonant x-ray emission spectra. Calculations of the x-ray scattering amplitude (Thomson and anomalous parts) and spin dependent calculations of x-ray magnetic circular dichroism (XMCD) and spin polarized x-ray absorption spectra (SPXAS and SPEXAFS) are also possible, but less automated.
FEFF8 is used as external program to calculate basic spectra for XANES fitting using FitIt.
Atomic scattering amplitudes and phase shifts are used for EXAFS fitting in IFEFFIT program suite.
References.
A. L. Ankudinov, B. Ravel, J. J. Rehr, S. D. Conradson "Real-space multiple-scattering calculation and interpretation of x-ray-absorption near-edge structure" Phys. Rev. B 58, 7565 - 7576 (1998)

</doc>
<doc id="20547992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20547992" title="Variance Films">
Variance Films

Variance Films is a privately held film distribution company founded in 2008 that uses an innovative model of self-distribution combined with select elements of traditional theatrical distribution to allow filmmakers to achieve quality theatrical releases for their films. Variance Films is notable in that they do not require filmmakers to sign over any rights to their films, instead partnering with filmmakers to ensure their film gets the proper theatrical release, while allowing them to keep their DVD, video on demand, television, and international rights.

</doc>
<doc id="20548016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548016" title="Tetra Tech">
Tetra Tech

Tetra Tech is a provider of consulting, engineering, construction and technical services which includes resource management and infrastructure, based out of Pasadena, California, United States. With approximately 13,000 employees in various countries, including individuals with expertise in science, research, engineering, construction, and information technology. The company's annual revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2012 was $2.02 billion. Their Slogan is, "Complex World. Clear Solutions."
Tetra Tech.
Tetra Tech, Inc. was founded in 1966 to provide engineering services related to waterways, harbors and coastal areas. Over the past 40 years, the Company has substantially increased the size and scope of its business and expanded its service offerings through a series of strategic acquisitions and internal growth.
Tetra Tech now provides environmental services, water/wastewater management, infrastructure services, security design, and outsourced technical services.
Today, Tetra Tech has approximately 13,000 employees located in more than 330 offices worldwide.
On December 17, 2001, Tetra Tech, Inc. announced that it was awarded contracts to perform in-building communications and security development at the Capitol Hill Complex in Washington D.C., and Cleary Gottlieb headquarters, Pfizer headquarters, and the AOL Time Warner headquarters in New York City.
On December 19, 2005 , The U.S. Navy awarded a $7.32 million contract modification to Tetra Tech EC Inc., San Diego, for base-wide radiological surveys and remediation at Hunters Point Shipyard.
Business groups.
Tetra Tech aligns its business operations into three major business groups:
Engineering and consulting services: Tetra Tech provides scientific, consulting, engineering, and project management services for water resources, groundwater, watershed management, mining, geotechnical, environmental management, and information technology projects.
Technical support services: Tetra Tech provides consulting services to support international development, climate change and environmental programs, energy management, disaster management and emergency response, and staff augmentation/facilities management projects.
Remediation and construction management: Tetra Tech provides program management and construction services, including design-build and design-bid-build services, for environmental remediation, infrastructure, heavy civil, military transformation, ports and harbors, energy, and communications projects.

</doc>
<doc id="20548018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548018" title="The Matthew 25 Network">
The Matthew 25 Network

The Matthew 25 Network is a Political Action Committee (PAC) geared towards supporting progressive candidates for American public office who possess what the organization considers to be a strong Christian faith. Matthew 25 Network was founded in 2008 by Mara Vanderslice. 
Name.
The group’s name, Matthew 25 references the 25th chapter of the gospel of Matthew in which during the Parable of the Sheep and the Goats, Jesus Christ summarizes His judgment of the righteous as follows: “For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.” 
Founding.
Matthew 25 Network was founded by Mara Vanderslice, who in 2004 was director of religious outreach for the Kerry-Edwards campaign. She also did religious outreach for several Democratic candidates on the state level including: Governor of Ohio Ted Strickland, Governor of Kansas Kathleen Sebelius and Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania.
2008 presidential election.
The Matthew 25 Network endorsed Barack Obama in his bid for the White House. Their efforts focused primarily on reaching out to targeted religious communities which the Network felt would be key to his success on election day including “Catholics, moderate evangelicals, Hispanic Catholics and Protestants” as printed on official literature of the Matthew 25 Network.
The Matthew 25 Network is based primarily around grassroots efforts by mobilizing voters of the Christian left. On July 1, 2008 The Network began airing its first radio ad, to announce its support for President-elect Barack Obama on Christian radio. On August 15, 2008 the Matthew 25 network began airing its first television ad. Along with airing ads of their own, the Matthew 25 Network worked to repudiate false attacks which they felt where offensive, misguided and untrue. On July 31, the Network launched its site PutAwayFalsehood.com to counter what they believed to be false emails, rumors and accusations concerning President Barack Obama.

</doc>
<doc id="20548047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548047" title="Satan War">
Satan War

Satan War is a 1979 American horror film written and directed by Bartell LaRue. It is similar to The Amityville Horror
Plot.
Newlyweds Bill and Louise Foster move into the house of their dreams but it quickly becomes a nightmare. Goop oozes out of cabinets and coffee pots, little earthquakes keep happening, things go bump in the night, kitchen chairs keep running into Louise, and, worst of all, the Foster's cross keeps inverting itself over and over on their wall.

</doc>
<doc id="20548063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548063" title="List of rivers of Greenland">
List of rivers of Greenland

This is a list of rivers of Greenland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20548100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548100" title="Birmingham Eagles">
Birmingham Eagles

The Birmingham Eagles Ice Hockey Club is the Ice hockey club that represents the higher education establishments of the West Midlands Conurbation. They currently play in the British Universities Ice Hockey Association.
History.
The Madpuckers years:
The club can be considered a direct descendant of the former English Division 1 team the Birmingham Rockets which folded in 2001 Several of the players were at local universities at the time and the fledgling BUIHA was beginning to attract more institutions.
While it is not clear how or when the decision was made, “PK” Coles, owner of the hockey equipment shop named Madpuckers, began to attract university students from Aston University, UCE (now Birmingham City University) and The University of Birmingham through advertising on campus and his equipment shop. 
While a controversial figure, it cannot be denied that PK’s enthusiasm and generous equipment deals were instrumental in getting the club off the ground. 
By 2002/2003 with several rocket players still retained due to a BUIHA rule allowing up to 5 non-university players to assist development, the “Madpuckers” as they were then known, were still playing infrequent games against University sides and local rec teams.
In April 2003 the ‘madpuckers’ entered the second national championships held at the NIC in Nottingham. With only 1 point and 3 goals over the preliminary rounds they did not progress.
Becoming The Eagles and the end of the PK era - 2003/2004:
At the start of the 2003/2004 season PK designed a new logo and rebranded the madpuckers the Eagles. The colours went from bright yellow solids to mainly black with light blue stripes. The new logo appeared to be a modified version of the Boston College Eagles logo. 
The Eagles entered the BUIHA cup competition as a founder member of Division 2. The season was hampered with transportation problems and the only games completed were those against Nottingham B. 
The fateful home and home against Nottingham B was noteworthy for 2 reasons;
1) The 1st game of the series played at Solihull Ice Arena (the Eagle’s new home as Planet Ice Birmingham had closed due to fire) resulted in a comprehensive 9-3 victory for the Eagles. The return leg was mired in controversy as the Nottingham B side reversed the decision by the same score. 
It was obvious to those that had been at the first leg that the Nottingham team was made up of substantially different personnel and upon investigation of player names it was discovered that over half of the Nottingham B team in the second leg in fact played for the Nottingham A team. 
At this time in the BUIHA timeline this was not against any rules and therefore the result stood. As a direct result of lobbying by the Eagles of the BUIHA a rule was implemented to prevent players ‘dropping down’ whilst also leaving for provisions to allow promotion/demotion between teams within clubs. 
2) In the 2nd game of the series with the Eagles losing then coach PK Coles summarily quit coaching in the middle of the game, choosing instead to sit in the stands and watch. After this incident it was widely held by senior members of the club and the club committee that PK should have no further role to play within the club; however, his influence was underestimated and he continued to coach the development squad until the end of the season. 
For the first time during the 2003/4 season the Ice Hockey Club was recognised as a student organisation by the Guild of Students at the University of Birmingham. It was clear that neither party was happy with the arrangement; from the Guild perspective, Ice Hockey was seen as poorly organised and expensive. From the perspective of the club the Guild were unwilling to fund although the main issue was that the Guild was not the Athletic Union.
Recognition by other universities was hard to achieve due to the number of students involved at each institution. 
The Eagles entered 2 teams into the national championships, the A team went into the tier 1 competition and the development squad (B-team) entered the Tier 2 competition. 
The A team shared a similar fate in 2004 that they did in 2003, after 3 games of the preliminary round they were eliminated with only 1 point and 3 goals scored. 
The B team earned the Birmingham Eagles’ first victory at a national championship with a win over Northumbria in the preliminary round. Due to a poorly constructed competition format the Eagles were denied an opportunity to advance past the preliminary round. 
This disappointing end to the season also signified the end of the PK era; while he would occasionally be seen at practices over the next few years, his influence over the team was finished. 
Student Run Eagles 2004 onwards. 
The 2004/5 season began with a full complement of committee members striving to improve both the running of the team and the on-ice product. 
Fresher’s fairs at all representative institutions were organised to ensure the best available talent was recruited. 
Fixtures were organised well in advance to prevent the embarrassing situation of the previous year that saw the academic year end with cup competition fixtures remaining. 
Custom team clothing in University colours was ordered and a dress code for games was implemented. 
The A team began play in the southern conference of Division 2 placing them for the first time in the same conference as closest geographical rivals Warwick University. 
The B team that performed so heroically at the National Championships was retained and began play in the Tier 3 south cup competition; although very few games were played in this division nationwide. 
With a full committee and around 50 registered players beginning the year, the Eagles entered two teams into the 'Cup Competition' and the 'National Championships'. Both the division two and three teams finishing third in the cup. The B-teams Eagles placed fourth in their group at the National Championships, with the final game against Nottingham seeing the goalie Edgars Griga (Edgars Grīga) 'mean-machine' ejected from the game for a woodchopper-esque slash, helping to contribute to the 183 PIM amassed in the twenty minute running clock game. The Division two side finished runners up to Huddersfield Ice Hawks, but still remained undefeated in regulation time. To finish a promising season the team will enter the Athletics Union in 2012-13 and has been nominated as 'Guild Sport of the Year'.

</doc>
<doc id="20548111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548111" title="Small Jazhincë Lake">
Small Jazhincë Lake

The Small Jažinačko Lake (; , "Malo Jažinačko jezero") is a small lake on the Šar Mountains in Kosovo. The Small Jažinačko Lake is above sea level and has a maximum length of and a maximum width of . The lake is surrounded by large rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="20548132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548132" title="MV Polar Princess">
MV Polar Princess

MV "Polar Princess" is a Norwegian seismic survey vessel owned by Rieber Shipping AS, and is operated by them on behalf of CGGVeritas. The ship was formerly operated by Geophysical Service Incorporated along with the now decommissioned MV Polar Prince survey ship.

</doc>
<doc id="20548177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548177" title="Martial Power">
Martial Power

Martial Power is a supplement for the 4th edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. It contains additional options and rules for fighters, rangers, rogues, and warlords, including new builds for each class to further customize a character, such as the "beastmaster ranger," "bravura warlord," and "resourceful warlord".
Contents.
"Martial Power", the first supplement in the Power series of books in "Dungeons & Dragons", 4th edition, published and debuted new options for the classes that were in the Martial power source. It also expanded and refined the first builds of each class (originally in the "Player's Handbook") by giving new powers and paragon paths.
Fighter.
The fighter, the martial defender, received two new builds to be used in conjunction with the builds in "Player's Handbook". The battlerager fighter works as a berserker fighter, which utilizes the new Invigorating keyword, which grants the battlerager temporary hit points to make up for their lack of armor. The tempest fighter is a dual wielding fighter build with great mobility.
Ranger.
The ranger, a martial striker, received one new build in "Martial Power", the beastmaster. Instead of choosing an archery or a two weapon fighting benefit as detailed in the Player's Handbook, the ranger could instead gain a beast to fight alongside with. The beast is used with new beast powers, which grant it attacks and their own effects.
Rogue.
The rogue, a martial striker, gained two new builds in "Martial Power", the aerialist rogue and the cutthroat rogue. The aerialist rogue uses the Acrobatics skill to maneuver around enemies and the cutthroat uses the Intimidation skill to rattle and shake foes.
Warlord.
The warlord, the martial leader, can use two new builds in conjunction with the two builds in "Player's Handbook". The bravura warlord uses daring, and often brash, tactics that could harm the warlord but give great benefits to their allies. The resourceful warlord is a soldier on the battlefield that adapts to certain situations.
Publication history.
"Martial Power" was published in November 2008 and was designed by Rob Heinsoo, David Noonan, Chris Sims, and Robert J. Schwalb. Cover art was by William O'Connor, with interior art by 
Steve Belledin, Leonardo Borazio, Steve Ellis, Wayne England, Jason A. Engle, Gonzalo Flores, Adam Gillespie, Brian Hagan, Jeremy Jarvis, Ron Lemen, Wes Louie, Howard Lyon, Lee Moyer, Lucio Parrillo, Jim Pavelec, Steve Prescott, Vincent Proce, Ron Spears, Ron Spencer, Stephen Tappin, Mark Tedin, Beth Trott, and Ben Wootten.
"Martial Power" was the first book in the first product line for 4th edition "D&D", a set of "power" books which offered options for players and was organized by the power sources of the new edition.
"Martial Power 2" was published in February 2010 and was designed by Richard Baker, Tavis Allison, Eytan Bernstein, and Robert J. Schwalb. The front cover art was by Ralph Horsley and the back cover art was by Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai, with interior art by Dave Allsop, Ralph Beisner, Kerem Beyit, Zoltan Boros & Gabor Szikszai, Ed Cox, Julie Dillon, Vincent Dutrait, Steve Ellis, Adam Gillespie, Torstein Nordstrand, Michael Phillippi, Wayne Reynolds, Chris Seaman, Arnie Swekel, Joel Thomas, Eva Widermann, and Ben Wootten.

</doc>
<doc id="20548187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548187" title="Colin Gallie">
Colin Gallie

Colin Gallie (born 9 July 1971 in Falkirk, Scotland) is a British auto racing driver. He is best known for his one season driving in the British Touring Car Championship in 1997. He entered a 1994 BMW 320i for Team DCRS in the independents cup. He made an impressive start to the season, winning his class in the first two races. For most of the year he was top of the table, but his ageing car struggled with reliability towards the end of the season. He finished third in the independents class behind overall winner Robb Gravett and Lee Brookes in second.

</doc>
<doc id="20548200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548200" title="Brave Citizens">
Brave Citizens

Brave Citizens are an American rock band based in Los Angeles, California, formed in 2007. The band began as a studio recording project between vocalist/guitarist Andrew Capra and guitarist/keyboardist Adam Bialik. The early success of the band's first EP "Revolutions" led the pair to quickly complete a full band line-up by recruiting bassist Jarred Dooley and drummer Alex Mohler in early 2008. The band's musical style blends elements of indie rock with pop rock and an ambient influence of New Wave. The band toured the West Coast throughout 2008 and completed a 10-week national tour from January - April 2009 including an appearance at Bamboozle Left on April 5, 2009. The band then joined Lydia (band), PlayRadioPlay!, and Eye Alaska for the "Stay Awake Tour" from May–June 2009. Currently the band is in Los Angeles working on a full-length album for release in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20548222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548222" title="Empire State V">
Empire State V

USTS "Empire State V", was a troop ship of the US Navy and training vessel of the United States Maritime Service. She was laid down as the SS "President Jackson" and later served as USS "Barrett" (T-AP-196). She was converted to a troop transport and training ship in 1973 serving as the training ship for the State University of New York Maritime College until 1990 when she was replaced by the college's current training ship the USTS Empire State VI. After serving New York Maritime she was placed in the Maritime service's James River "Ghost Fleet," until 2007 when she was sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="20548223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548223" title="Aaron Ohlmann">
Aaron Ohlmann

Aaron Ohlmann is a Los Angeles-based editor, producer, and documentarian who works on projects that focus on the arts, international politics, and social architecture.
He has worked on projects for the Discovery Channel, PBS, and VPRO. He has collaborated extensively with writer/director Rene Daalder, with whom he produced, edited and shot "Here Is Always Somewhere Else," a documentary about artist Bas Jan Ader. This movie received a nomination for the Gouden Kalf. In 2005, Ohlmann was a resident artist at the Wexner Center for the Arts with Daalder. He also edited the director's cut of , a punk rock feature film featuring early appearances by members of Los Lobos, Beck, Vampira, Penelope Houston, Carel Struycken, and El Duce.
Ohlmann graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 2003 with a communication arts degree.

</doc>
<doc id="20548247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548247" title="WJHS">
WJHS

WJHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20548250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548250" title="The Compromising of Integrity, Morality and Principles in Exchange for Money Tour">
The Compromising of Integrity, Morality and Principles in Exchange for Money Tour

The "Compromising of Integrity, Morality, & Principles in Exchange for Money" was a multi-band tour which began October 9, 2008 in the U.S. state of Virginia. This tour took its upbeat sound coast-to-coast in the United States through November 29, 2008.
The Tour was headlined by All Time Low, which gave the tour its humorous name.

</doc>
<doc id="20548259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548259" title="Orbis (audio drama)">
Orbis (audio drama)

Orbis is an audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". This audio drama was produced by Big Finish Productions.
Synoposis.
Lucie is safe back at home on Earth. The Doctor has washed up on an obscure water world called Orbis. And the Headhunter has a plan to reunite them. Her motive is piece of unfinished business that lies at the bottom of the sea.
Plot.
Part 1.
Lucie is at home when there’s a ring on the doorbell. She opens the door and is shocked to find herself facing her old foe, the Headhunter. The woman raises an alien gun and warns Lucie that she’ll kill her if she makes a move. Lucie protests, but this is enough for the Headhunter and she opens fire.
Lucie wakes up and finds herself back in the TARDIS. The Headhunter “un-shot” her using quantum-tipped time bullets. When she tells Lucie she needs her help in finding the Doctor, Lucie insists that he died six months ago. The Headhunter reveals that they’re heading for ’tweenspace’, a layer of cosmic sediment where the dregs settle. As the TARDIS begins to shake violently, she says the Universe is being destroyed and there’s only one person in all of existence who can stop it…
Far away on the ocean planet of Orbis, the Doctor is occupying his time by repairing the wreck of a tiny spaceship. He’s approached by Selta, a female of the jellyfish-like Keltan race, who tells him there’s a storm approaching, and the distraction is enough for the drive belt to snap and whip the Doctor‘s fingers. Selta can’t tell whether he’s angry as he doesn’t share the Keltans’ iridescence, but his repairs have come to an end unless he can find a replacement. He tells her that if they were on Earth he could use a pair of tights, but he’s unlikely to find any here as there are no bipeds on this planet. According to the stories told by the elders on Orbis, the Doctor was said to have come from the bottom of the sea many years ago. As they shelter from the storm, Selta asks him to tell her his story, but before he can begin, the atmospheric scanner from the spaceship starts activating. There’s just enough power left in the cells to reveal that the entire composition of the planet’s troposphere is changing. The Doctor has lived on Orbis for longer than any of the current inhabitants and he knows this isn’t normal as the storm season should have ended months ago. He believes something out in space must be having an effect on the planet. Secretary Saccostrea approaches the elderly and rather corpulent Molluscari leader Crassostrea with important news. She interrupts his feeding and he complains that his female organs can’t hope to develop if he continues to restrict himself to a diet of photo-plankton. His temper has been fiery of late, resulting in the massacre of the Tetraploids, the firing of the murk water vents and the broiling of his crocs, and she suspects it’s because he’s keen to start breeding. She tells him she’s received word that the Barometer General’s atmospheric survey of Orbis confirms what they’d already suspected about the changes to the planet‘s environment. This will be catastrophic news for the Keltan inhabitants, but good new for the Molluscari, so Crassostrea decides it’s time to confront the Galactic Council with their findings.
Despite having read all 17 volumes of the TARDIS manual, the Headhunter struggles to operate the controls and the ship continues to be buffeted around the Vortex. Lucie explains that these volumes constitute just the start guide and the manual itself has its own library a couple of miles down the corridor. The Headhunter reveals that she got the TARDIS from the Sisterhood of Karn who’d kept it as a trophy after they teleported the Doctor out of the canyon and sent him somewhere worse. She experiments by switching the controls over to ’slingshot mode’ and they’re both thrown to the floor from the extreme g-force. Back on Orbis, the Doctor responds to a cry for help and finds the young Keltan boy Vimix trapped in a deep well and unable to move. The Doctor summons help and is soon joined by Selta and Vimix’s bloom-father Yanos. They realise the boy must have been scrumping for barnacles again and Vimix confirms that the water came flooding in when the storm broke and he couldn’t get out in time. The group lower down some seaweed lines which wrap themselves around the boy’s limbs and then he’s heaved back up to the shore. Yanos takes the Doctor aside and tells him Vimix’s bloom-sisters have just died when the rain waters swamped the nursery pools. The Doctor is angry because he’d warned them the sea walls were inadequate. They’ll have to re-build them higher, so the Doctor suggests placing the whole town on stilts. Yanos congratulates him for the idea and says the Keltans owe him so much, but he‘s still worried the planet is turning against them. The Doctor acknowledges that Orbis is drowning, but reminds them of the time they defeated the invading Molluscari, a race of aggressive space oysters, by presenting a convincing argument to the Galactic Council by interspace radio. He’s sure they can find a way to overcome this problem too.
Secretary Saccostrea calls the Molluscari to attention for an address from their leader Crassostrea. He tells them he has great news, greater even than his conquest of the Tetraploids - his female organs are starting to develop. The oyster-like audience click their pincers in appreciation, but Crassostrea becomes angry and demands they applaud louder. Now mostly female, she then announces that the Galactic Council, a body for whom she has no respect, has considered the recent catastrophic changes to the environment on Orbis and has decided (subject to independent audit) that the Keltans’ claim to the planet is no longer tenable. This means the Molluscari claim takes precedence and Orbis is theirs for the taking…and not even the Doctor can stop them this time! 
As the TARDIS eventually settles down and the two occupants recover from the effects of their journey, the Headhunter rebukes Lucie for being sick inside the control room and tells her to clean up the mess. Unfortunately the TARDIS itself is sick too, having been separated from its owner for too long. The Headhunter says she’s an old ship that‘s coming to the end of her natural life. Without the Doctor’s influence she’s leaking time waste, which is soiling the very fabric of the Vortex and rotting it away. With the Time Lords still in hiding, TARDISes are few and far between, which has inflated its value. The Headhunter has already sold the Doctor’s TARDIS, but the buyer doesn’t want an ailing vessel that’s belching out space-destroying matter in its wake, so she’s come to find its former owner so he can regenerate the ship and transfer ownership to her. Lucie knows the Doctor would never do that - but the Headhunter reveals that Lucie still has a quantum-tipped time bullet inside her brain and she’ll only remove it if the Doctor co-operates. They’re due to arrive at their destination in tweenspace in 32 minutes…
The Doctor tells Selta that Orbis’s moon is unlike any other he’s seen. Most satellites rise and wane, but this one tracks Orbis as if connected by an invisible thread that extends to a point 50 miles out to sea. Selta says there will be a funeral-feast later to celebrate the lives of the children they lost during the storm. It will follow a relatively new Keltan tradition which was formulated by the Doctor himself generations ago after he pointed out that their previous method of eating and regurgitating their own deceased wasn’t a very efficient way to compost the seabed. Selta invites the Doctor to accompany her to the dance, but before he can even change the subject, they’re interrupted by the arrival of a huge clam-ship, signifying the return of the Molluscari. Selta rushes off the raise the alarm… As the Molluscari ship comes in to land, Crassostrea declares her intention to blast the Keltan habitation to dust. Saccostrea reminds her that the Galactic Council have not yet granted them the rights to this planet and they are only here to give the Keltans notice of their plans. They see the panicking jellyfish people massing nearby and Crassostrea prepares to address them. Yanos is shocked to see the Molluscari return as everyone knows their claim on this planet had been comprehensively rejected years ago by the Galactic Council, but the Doctor says the Molluscari are bullies and people like that never like to be beaten. He offers to talk to the invaders and approaches the clam-ship, claiming to represent the Keltan species. Crassostrea emerges and mocks the Keltans, but the Doctor recognises her and remembers that she used to be male. He warns Crassostrea that he won’t tolerate any harassment of the Keltans, but the Molluscari leader reveals that she has in her possession a document from the Galactic Council confirming that the climate of Orbis is undergoing irreversible change and will shortly become inimical to the Keltan life. The Doctor acknowledges that the storm season shows no sign of ending, but that doesn’t mean the Keltans can’t adapt and thrive in their new environment. Unfortunately, it appears the Galactic Council don’t agree and in three day’s time the Keltan claim on Orbis will expire and be passed to the Molluscari. Yanos demands to see the document for himself, but as Crassostrea hands over the data pearl, she snaps shut her pincer and removes one of Yanos’s tentacles. Instead, she passes the pearl to the Doctor and advises him to study it well. In return, the Doctor switches on his sonic screwdriver, set to the exact pitch that will vibrate Molluscari from their shells. Crassostrea and Saccostrea retreat back to their ship in pain and seconds later the ship lifts off from the surface. Yanos is convinced the Keltans are doomed, but the Doctor urges him not to give up. Tonight they will dance and mourn their dead, but tomorrow they will start making stilts and building their town’s defences.
The TARDIS materialises and the Headhunter announces that they’ve arrived on the planet Orbis, the province of a species known as Keltans. Lucie struggles to accept that somewhere out there is the Doctor and she begins to worry about how scruffy she looks. She takes a deep breath and opens the door - only to find the ship is hovering in mid-air, several metres above a huge ocean. The Headhunter explains that the nearest land is about 50 miles away - then she pushes Lucie through the door and into the great expanse of water. As Lucie thrashes about in panic, the Headhunter says that because of the increased saline content, she should float easily, and the current will take her in the direction she needs. Unfortunately they’re in the middle of a rather hefty storm front, but she’s sure Lucie will be fine providing she keeps her mouth shut. The Headhunter closes the door and returns alone to the control room. She then proceeds to make a phone call and sends her contact a sequence of co-ordinates, telling the recipient they will be diving at dawn…
Sometime later, Lucie is woken up by a female voice calling her a “biped”. She opens her eyes and finds herself on dry land - but with a huge tentacled jellyfish standing over her. She screams in panic, but Selta pleads with her not to be alarmed and explains that she pulled her out of the sea. Lucie apologises and says she has a thing about jelly after an unfortunate incident at a children’s party in 1992. Lucie starts to complain about her sodden tights and Selta reacts instantly, recognising the word the Doctor used earlier. Without warning, she rips the tights from Lucie’s legs and runs off, claiming she needs them urgently. The Doctor has returned to his repair work on the tiny wrecked spaceship, but even his sonic screwdriver is starting to pack up on him. He hears a commotion from nearby and sees Selta running towards him, waving a pair of tights, followed by a young woman screaming angrily at her. The Doctor is both amazed and delighted - but when Lucie races over and tries to hug him, he totally ignores her and she realises it was the tights that had grabbed his attention. He uses them to replace the snapped drive belt while Selta explains how she got them from a biped on the beach. When Lucie steps forward, the Doctor doesn’t seem to acknowledge her and says he’ll be with her later as he has important work to finish. When he reveals that it’s been 600 years since he last saw a biped, Lucie tells him she thought he was dead and that she cried for weeks, but then the truth slowly dawns on her - the Doctor has completely forgotten who she is.
Part 2.
The Doctor asks Lucie if they know each other. He admits that his long term memory isn’t what it was and the last 300 years or so have been a bit of a blur. He looks at her clothes and guesses Lucie comes from the 1980s, which infuriates her. She tells him they met in the early 21st century when she was dumped on him by the Time Lords on a witness protection scheme. She recounts some of their adventures and then tells him they were the best of mates, but the Doctor is struggling to keep up and thinks it‘s because he hasn‘t heard a Cockney accent for so long. Lucie slaps his face and is delighted when he says it really hurt. Selta tells Lucie she should leave, a suggestion that she readily agrees to. Once they’re alone, Selta wonders whether all Earth females are so aggressive. She turns the Doctor’s attention back to more pressing matters such as the atmospheric scanner and the mystery of Orbis’s moon. The Doctor suddenly realises that Orbis never actually had a moon before and recalls that he first saw it just a few decades ago.
The TARDIS materialises and the Headhunter emerges to be greeted by her contact, Secretary Saccostrea. They’ve never actually met before and the Headhunter rebukes the Molluscari for being late. She then refuses to accompany Saccostrea to meet their leader and insists that Crassostrea be brought to meet her.
The tights work and the Doctor starts to power up the crashed spaceship. Selta wonders if the Doctor is thinking of going back to Earth, but this just makes him laugh. She’s been thinking about what happened with Lucie and suggests the Doctor tries talking to her, but the Doctor has discovered the storms are being caused because the moon is coming ever closer to the planet. This confirms what they learned from the Molluscari data pearl. He’s sure it’s no coincidence and decides to contact the Galactic Council to see if they can persuade the Molluscari to back off. What he really needs to do is visit the moon itself, and Selta suggests asking Lucie if she knows what happened to his TARDIS. The Doctor suddenly realises that in order for Lucie and Selta to have understood each other, the TARDIS must be here somewhere, translating their speech. He races off to find his old companion. From the safety of the Molluscari ship, the Headhunter and Crassostrea oversee an underwater expedition. The results of the search are negative, so Crassostrea insists that the whelks go deeper, even though Secretary Saccostrea warns that the pressure will cause their shells to crack. The Headhunter and Crassostrea have come to an arrangement - the Molluscari will retrieve something for her from the bottom of the ocean in return for her help persuading the Doctor leaving Orbis forever. The Headhunter has already arranged for the Doctor to be reunited with Lucie and once she gets what she wants, she’ll fulfil her side of the bargain. They listen to the screams over the communicator as the diving shoal finally succumbs to the pressures of the depths, but Crassostrea insists that Saccostrea sends down more of their people…
The Doctor catches up with Lucie and apologises, explaining that he’s had a lot on his mind recently. He asks her where the TARDIS is, and when she tells him the Headhunter has it, he vaguely recalls her as a part-recruitment consultant and part-assassin. The Doctor insists that Lucie slap him again and says that because she’s just come from the TARDIS her fingertips are still charged with chronon particles. When she hit him earlier, it reinvigorated his dormant neurons which is helping him to remember things. There’s still a lot of confusion in his head - he can remember shouting, screaming and doors being slammed - but it’s a promising start. However, Lucie is shocked when he reveals that he won’t be leaving Orbis. He says he’s happy here and he only needs the TARDIS to find out what’s happening on the moon and stop the Molluscari. Lucie insists that he’s a traveller by nature, but he tells her that’s all in his past and Orbis is now his home. Angered by this, Lucie slaps his face several times, but the sight of her apparently attacking the Doctor just causes Selta to race over to stop her. Selta reveals that bloom-father Yanos has received a message from the Galactic Council so the three of them head for town to discover what the news is. Eventually the Molluscari’s underwater search is successful and the crew pick up the signal that the Headhunter has been searching for. She orders them to trawl the object in and then Crassostrea prepares to confront the Doctor…
Back at town, the Doctor has contacted the Galactic Council and learned that they’re not prepared to hear any appeals until six orbits have passed to allow for a cooling-off period. The Doctor tries to argue that there’s more going on here than they know and says the passage of the Orbis moon is being adversely affected by an external agency. However, the Council refuses to engage in any further discussion and cuts him off. Just then, the sound of an approaching spaceship is heard, signalling the return of the Molluscari. The voice of Crassostrea breaks in on the radio, telling the Keltans their tenancy of the planet is over. She claims Orbis for their own, but adds that in the spirit of inter-species solidarity she will allow a select number of Keltans to be transported to an artificial enclave elsewhere in the galaxy. The selection will be based on weight and breeding potential and she asks for volunteers to assemble on the beach.
The Keltans turn to the Doctor for ideas, but he says he needs more time to think. Just then, the Headhunter arrives and mocks the Doctor for being unable to save the Keltan race from extinction, despite living with them for 600 years. She tells Yanos that the Molluscari’s offer is the best one they’re going to get and advises them to take it. Lucie starts to argue with her, but to everyone’s surprise, Selta grabs hold of her and agrees with the Headhunter, assuring Yanos they have no alternative. Lucie bites her captor and is released, then the Doctor hands Selta his sonic screwdriver for protection and tells her to meet with the Molluscari and keep them talking as long as she can. Once the Keltans have gone, Lucie tries to punch the Headhunter - but the woman pulls out her gun and shoots her again at point blank range.
Saccostrea informs Crassostrea that the Keltans are beginning to gather on the shore as requested. The leader laughs and summons more clam-ships to land on the beach and begin the processing. The Doctor tries to revive Lucie and is surprised when the Headhunter says she’s been shot with a time bullet. It’s currently burrowing its way into Lucie’s chest at a rate of one millimetre every second, but she can speed it up, slow it down or even remove it entirely as she wishes. The Headhunter tells the Doctor she’s reverse the damage and even return his TARDIS to him if he agrees to leave Orbis. However, he must also agree to switch off a device she’s extracted from the seabed. It’s encrusted in coral after resting at the bottom of the ocean for 600 years, but the Doctor recognises it as the remote activator for the Stellar Manipulator, which he took from Morbius and was holding when he fell into the canyon on Karn all those years ago. It was to protect this device that the Sisterhood transported him here in the first place. The technology can only be activated by a Time Lord, which is why the Headhunter arranged for Lucie to be brought here. She orders the Doctor to switch it off or else she’ll allow Lucie to die. He refuses to co-operate and accuses Lucie and the Headhunter of plotting this together. Until they reveal what their plan is, he intends to keep the activator safe in his pocket. Convinced that the Headhunter won’t let her ally die, he leaves them to their ‘act’ while he attends to those who genuinely need his help. Lucie cries out to him to help, but he isn’t listening…
The Great Crassostrea addresses the Keltans and says that although the five clam-ships they’ve brought to Orbis can’t possibly carry all of them, a fleet fifty times the size will shortly be arriving here as back up. As she orders her troops to round the colony up into manageable groups, she’s delighted to see Yanos turning green, the Keltan colour for fear. She reveals that green Keltans are said to make the best food, so in order to ‘prepare’ the prisoners, she gives her troops permission to terrorise them…
Still believing that Lucie works for the Headhunter, he’s not too surprised when she races out after him. She pleads with him to believe that she really is dying, but it’s only when she inadvertently reveals that the TARDIS is also dying and is belching out time waste over the Vortex that she grabs his attention. The Headhunter joins them and points out that something‘s happening on the beach and it smells suspiciously like a barbecue…
Crassostrea order her troops to be careful not to burn the Keltans with their electro-spears. She tells Yanos the Molluscari need the waters of Orbis in order to spawn, but before they can do that they need to feast. Selta protests, demanding that they release her bloom-father. She produces the Doctor’s sonic screwdriver and activates it. As the Molluscari start to vibrate inside their shells, Selta concentrates its effects on Secretary Saccostrea and within moments the woman is dead. To Yanos’s horror, Selta threatens to do the same to Crassostrea unless she honours their bargain. She activates the sonic screwdriver again - but this time the Doctor steps forward and takes the device from her hand, insisting it was meant to be used for protection, not as a weapon. Selta apologises for her actions, but it’s too late and the Doctor can’t hide his disappointment in her. Crassostrea suggests they don’t waste any sympathy over Saccostrea as she was planning on eating her later anyway.
The Doctor asks Selta to explain what she meant by “honouring their bargain“, and although she avoids the question he already knows the answer. He points out that the readings on the Molluscari data pearl were identical to those shown on the atmospheric scanner, which means they were both taken from the precise same spot on the surface of Orbis. He denounces Selta as a Molluscari agent and she explains that she was forced to help as the Molluscari had predicted Orbis faced a catastrophe that even the Doctor couldn’t save them from and had offered to save a few of her bloom-kin. She herself had already decided to sacrifice herself and stay behind with the Doctor. She pleads with him to forgive her, but he says he only wanted a friend, not someone who was devoted to him. He orders the Molluscari to leave the planet and never return. The Headhunter arrives and points out how ridiculous the Doctor is for thinking he can hold of an entire alien army with one sonic screwdriver. She gives orders for the TARDIS to be brought out from the Molluscari ship and then Crassostrea tells the Doctor he must go and leave the Keltans to their fate. The Doctor insists that Orbis is his home now and he considers the Keltans to be his people, so he refuses to desert them. Lucie eventually joins them and is shocked to discover the Molluscari plan is to eat the jellyfish-people. Crassostrea has heard enough and orders her troops to kill the Doctor and Lucie, but the Headhunter interrupts, pointing out that the Doctor still has the Stellar Manipulator activator and he hasn’t switched it off yet.
Lucie makes an impassioned plea for the lives of the Keltans and the Doctor seems to come to his senses, finally remembering who she is and realising how much she must have suffered when she thought he was dead. He also takes the opportunity to remind Selta that he’s not really that old, considering how long-lived his race is. He admits that he long ago stopped counting the years and now tends to round his age up or down depending on which part of the Universe he’s visiting. He places the Stellar Manipulator activator in his hand and orders the Headhunter to “un-shoot” Lucie. She agrees and Lucie is returned to normal, but then the Doctor tricks the Headhunter and instead of switching the activator off, he actually increases its power. At first nothing happens, but then suddenly there’s a huge clap of thunder and then the entire sky goes completely white. The Keltans start to scream in panic, believing it’s the end of their world, and they watch as the entire moon starts crashing towards Orbis. The Headhunter explains that the moon first appeared in tweenspace a few centuries ago when it was tiny. Since then it had been getting bigger and bigger as it was drawn to a spot 50 miles out to sea - where its controller was located. It’s not a moon at all, but the Stellar Manipulator engineered by Morbius! It’s been dormant for centuries until the Headhunter dragged its activator from the seabed and then the Doctor turned up the power. He tries to switch it off, but the controls are jammed and he can’t reverse the effect. As the oceans start boiling, the Doctor orders Crassostrea to evacuate everyone aboard the clam-ships, but it’s too late - thanks to the increase in the ambient temperature, the Molluscari leader is starting to spawn! The rest of the oyster race go into a feeding frenzy and the Headhunter congratulates the Doctor on messing things up so well.
She reveals that the Manipulator was being drawn closer to Orbis and was probably only days away from auto-igniting anyway, so all the Doctor has done is speed things up. She urges them to go back to the TARDIS, but the Doctor refuses to leave the Keltans behind. Unfortunately the effect has now become so great that the Keltans, including Yanos and Selta, start dying all around them before anyone can act. To the Doctor’s surprise, the Headhunter takes the activator and throws it into the sea where it will be destroyed along with the entire planet. Horrified by what’s happening, the Headhunter opens the door to the TARDIS and Lucie urges the Doctor to join them inside - but the Doctor says he gave up the life of a traveller a long time ago and his life here means everything to him. He knows he has to die some day and he seems prepared to accept that today is as good as any. Lucy grabs the gun from the Headhunter and shoots the Doctor with one of the time bullets.
Back in the TARDIS, the Headhunter “un-shoots” the Doctor and he instantly recovers. He’s angry with Lucie, who admits that she was acting selfishly. He tells her there are times when people don’t actually want to be saved and she should have respected his wishes, but she argues that she didn’t just do it for herself, but for Earth and the rest of the Universe. She reminds him that his sick TARDIS is destroying the Vortex, but the Headhunter laughs and admits that she made the whole story of time waste up in order to motivate Lucie. Lucie goes to attack her, but she raises the gun again and warns the girl off. The Doctor is determined to return to Orbis, but when he checks the controls he can’t find the planet anywhere. The Headhunter reveals that Orbis has been consumed by the Stellar Manipulator, but with its activator consumed too, the Manipulator has been destroyed as well. The Headhunter ignores the Doctor’s anger and points out that while he was happily living on Orbis for 600 years, someone else had to take over saving the Universe. She and her associates are getting sick of it and they’ve now decided that the Universe can’t do without the Doctor. The Doctor insists that he’s a different person now, but she says that’s a problem he needs to sort out for himself. She says goodbye and teleports from the TARDIS back to her warp ship. Lucie apologises for being so easily tricked, but the Doctor is consumed by guilt for not saving the Keltans. Lucie is sad too, but she reminds him that he used to call Earth his ‘home’ too and there are still plenty of other planets that need saving. Reluctantly, and with nothing better to do, the Doctor sets to co-ordinates for Earth.
Broadcast.
Orbis was broadcast on digital radio station BBC Radio 7 on 16 May 2010 and 23 May 2010 as two half hour episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20548295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548295" title="National Board of Review Awards 2008">
National Board of Review Awards 2008

80th NBR Awards<br>
January 14, 2009
Best Film: <br>
The 80th National Board of Review Awards, honoring the best in film for 2008, were given on 12 January 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="20548303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548303" title="PARATEC">
PARATEC

PARATEC (PARAllel Total Energy Code) is a package that performs ab-initio quantum-mechanical total energy calculations using pseudopotentials and a plane wave basis set. PARATEC is designed primarily for a massively parallel computing platform and can run on serial machines. 
Calculations of XANES within such full-potential approach has been implemented within PARATEC.
The total energy minimization of the electrons can be done by two methods: (i) the more traditional self-consistent field (SCF) method and (ii) direct minimization (currently only implemented for systems with a gap) of the total energy. 
References.
B.G. Pfrommer, J. Demmel, and H. Simon, “ Unconstrained Energy Functionals for Electronic Structure Calculations”, J. Comp. Phys. 150, 287 (1999)
Taillefumier, Delphine Cabaret, Anne-Marie Flank, and Francesco Mauri "X-ray absorption near-edge structure calculations with the pseudopotentials: Application to the K edge in diamond and α-quartz" Phys. Rev. B 66, 195107 (2002)

</doc>
<doc id="20548325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548325" title="Charles Budd">
Charles Budd

Charles Budd (April 1, 1795 – April 24, 1884) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Digby township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1830 to 1836 and 1840 to 1851.
He was born in Digby, Nova Scotia, the son of Elisha Budd, who served in a loyalist regiment during the American Revolution. He married Mary, the daughter of Peleg Wiswall. Budd was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1836. He was elected in the general election that followed in 1840 and continued to serve as a member of the assembly until his defeat at the hands of John C. Wade in 1851. After retiring from politics, Budd served as registrar of probate for Digby County.
His sister Elizabeth, wife of Nathan Smith De Mille, was the mother of author James De Mille.

</doc>
<doc id="20548353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548353" title="ALAS2">
ALAS2

Delta-aminolevulinate synthase 2 also known as ALAS2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "ALAS2" gene. ALAS2 is an aminolevulinic acid synthase.
The product of this gene specifies an erythroid-specific mitochondrially located enzyme. The encoded protein catalyzes the first step in the heme biosynthetic pathway. Defects in this gene cause X-linked pyridoxine-responsive sideroblastic anemia. Alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been identified.
Its gene contains an IRE in its 5'-UTR region on which an IRP binds if the iron level is too low, thus inhibiting its translation.

</doc>
<doc id="20548366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548366" title="Jim Vokal">
Jim Vokal

James Daniel "Jim" Vokal Jr. (born June 28, 1970) was a member of the City Council of Omaha, Nebraska, representing district 3, which included Midtown Omaha, Downtown Omaha, and The Old Market from 2001-2009.
Biography.
Born in Omaha, Vokal graduated from Millard South High School in 1988. Vokal attended Creighton University, earning his bachelors degree in Business Administration and Accounting in 1992. Following college, he worked as a commercial banker for Norwest and Omaha State Bank until entering politics in 2001. Vokal currently serves on the board of directors for Destination Midtown, a community development organization.
He is Vice President of Coldwell Banker Commercial World Group, a commercial real estate company in Omaha. 
Jim is married to Liz Vokal and has two children.
City Council.
Vokal was elected to the City Council in 2001, and served for two consecutive terms, acting as president from 2003 to 2005. Vokal commonly supported measures to bridge the community and the Omaha Police Department. Vokal had been an outspoken critic of the Omaha police and fire pension system.
Mayoral election.
On December 1, 2008, Vokal announced he was entering the race for Mayor of Omaha, and not running for a third term as councilman.
Meca Board.
On April 4, 2009, the Omaha City Council appointed Vokal to the Metropolitan Entertainment and Convention Authority (MECA) board. The five-year term runs through 2014. Vokal replaced Terry Moore, who was appointed in 2004 by Mayor Fahey. MECA oversees operation of the Qwest Center and will do the same for the new downtown Omaha stadium once it is built.
Platte Institute Executive Director.
On October 10, 2012, the Platte Institute for Economic Research announced that Jim Vokal has been appointed the Institute's new Executive Director. He will replacing John McCollister on December 7, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20548379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548379" title="ALAS1">
ALAS1

Delta-aminolevulinate synthase 1 also known as ALAS1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "ALAS1" gene. ALAS1 is an aminolevulinic acid synthase.
Delta-aminolevulinate synthase catalyzes the condensation of glycine with succinyl-CoA to form delta-aminolevulinic acid. This nuclear-encoded mitochondrial enzyme is the first and rate-limiting enzyme in the mammalian heme biosynthetic pathway. There are 2 tissue-specific isozymes: a housekeeping enzyme encoded by the ALAS1 gene and an erythroid tissue-specific enzyme encoded by ALAS2.

</doc>
<doc id="20548415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548415" title="Janardan Chakravarti">
Janardan Chakravarti

Professor Janardan Chakravarti retired from the West Bengal Senior Education Service in 1955 from Presidency College. Later on he became the Head of the Department of Bengali in Burdwan University. He was a celebrated Professor of Bengali. He was also associated with the Post Graduate Department of C. U. in the capacity of a Part time Lecturer. He served two institutions namely Muralidhar Girls’ College and Maharani Kashishwari College in Kolkata as Principal.His specialization was Vaishnava literature and the Bengali poet Madhushudan Dutta . He wrote three books.One is on Vaishnava theology and literature.The book is entitled as Sri Radha Tatwa and Sri Chaitanya Sanskriti.It was delivered as Kamala Lecture in 1972 under the auspices of the Calcutta University.He wrote another book of Reminisance “Smriti Bhare” in Bengali.
In Asiatic Society he delivered Biman Bihari Lecture. The lecture was published in the form of a book named Bengal Vaishnavism and Sri Chaitanya.

</doc>
<doc id="20548417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548417" title="Camp Quality">
Camp Quality

Camp Quality is a children’s family cancer charity that believes in bringing optimism and happiness to the lives of children and families affected by cancer through fun therapy and education. They believe laughter is the best medicine.
__TOC__
History.
The first Camp Quality was established by Vera Entwistle in 1983 in Sydney, Australia. Entwistle aimed to provide children living with cancer and their families with a support network. She chose the name for the organisation after a paediatric oncologist told her "No one can do anything about the quantity of life, but we all can do something about the quality."
The first camp was held in Vision Valley, NSW and was attended by 38 children and supported by 38 volunteers.
Entwistle later introduced Camp Quality to several countries, including her home country, the United States. The first USA camp was held the summer of 1986 in Stewartsville, Missouri with 43 campers. Today, Camp Quality USA hosts 15 summer camp programs in 12 states.
In 1988 Camp Quality recognised that the effects of childhood cancer were widespread and implemented an education program to support the wider community. The Camp Quality Puppets were introduced as a free educational program aimed at primary school children. The benefits to the community were instantly felt and in 1989 McDonald’s sponsored the program. The McDonald’s Camp Quality Puppets have now been running for 19 years and reach almost 250,000 primary school children each year. 
In 2001 Camp Quality went through a re-branding process to represent the optimism and happiness that Camp Quality was providing for children and their families. The smiling face of Giggle and tag line "Laughter is the Best Medicine" have become well known throughout Australia as the symbol for fun, laughter and support for children living with cancer and their families.
Today Camp Quality supports over 5,000 families each year and has 13 offices, which cover every state and territory in Australia.
Locations.
Australia.
Camp Quality Australia is the children’s family cancer charity that believes in bringing optimism and happiness to the lives of children and families affected by cancer through fun therapy and education. They believe laughter is the best medicine.
Camp Quality are building resilience in the lives of children and their families going through the cancer journey by creating an optimistic community through fun therapy. They believe in improving the quality of life for children living with cancer and their families through unrelenting optimism and the healing power of laughter. 
Camp Quality runs education, hospital, family assistance and recreation programs to help create fun and supportive communities for children and their families living with cancer. 
Through their education program they have helped over 3 million school children and teachers learn about the challenges of living with cancer through uplifting performances jam-packed full of laughter and optimism. 
Camp Quality reaches primary school children through the McDonald’s Camp Quality Puppets, who were created 21 years ago to educate children about what it’s like to live with cancer. The puppets help kids learn how to be supportive and understanding of a classmate or family member living with cancer and promote anti-bullying behaviour. Shows have developed to reflect breakthroughs in cancer treatment with language for savvy school children. Kylie, Dean and Melissa show the importance of friendship and it doesn’t matter what you look like on the outside, it’s what’s inside that counts. The performance facilitates discussion and encourages children to ask questions in a fun and safe environment.
Written specifically for teenagers, The Teenage Alchemist explores the personal conflicts and inner-crises that emerge as a result of a cancer diagnosis, as Xanthe and Joshua deal with living with cancer in very different ways. The themes are broad reaching and include self-image, negativity, fear, hope, and, most importantly, courage. This edgy play is an opportunity to encourage teenagers to put things into perspective and make positive life choices.
Camp Quality’s hospital program uses Giggle, a remote controlled robot puppet designed to bring fun and laughter to children, parents and staff in oncology wards. Children identify and interact with him through jokes, songs and games. Many children will talk and respond to him in ways that they don’t usually behave while in hospital. Hospital staff often use Giggle to explain treatments to their patients. He leaves a trail of laughter where ever he goes!
Local CQ staff and volunteers regularly visit children in treatment to help spread laughter and
optimism. The McDonald’s Camp Quality Puppets, Giggle and a host of other fun therapy activities fill the hospitals with laughter. The investment Camp Quality makes in children’s oncology wards and cancer centres is based on specific needs identified by health professionals in each state. It is a critical part of Camp Quality’s commitment to be there for the entire journey from diagnosis, through treatment and remission.
Camp Quality’s family support program ensures that families living with cancer get the support they need. Living with cancer places enormous physical, emotional and financial stress on the whole family. The family support program is not just recreational or financial, it’s also friendship. 
As part of Camp Quality’s commitment to supporting families there are times they provide financial support or domestic help.
Camp Quality’s recreation program is designed to provide fun therapy opportunities for cancer to take a back seat so kids can ride waves, ride horses, abseil down cliffs, paddle down rivers and slip down giant waterslides. A day, a weekend or a week in a fun, optimistic environment can make all the difference to a child’s outlook and ability to deal with cancer. Their recreation program is a safe environment for kids to celebrate living. Depending on their age, they can choose from Junior Camp,
Main Camp and Senior Camp. They also run mother-daughter and father-son weekends, fishing camps and other themed activities.
Camp Quality’s Family Camps help families take time out from cancer. There’s a host of optional activities for those who want an adventure. If adults need time out, there’s time to chat with other parents while the kids are totally engrossed in a supervised activity. New friendships are forged and everyone leaves with a more optimistic outlook! 
In addition to their camps, Camp Quality creates fun days for children living with cancer. They are a ‘day off’ from cancer!
New Zealand.
Camp Quality New Zealand is dedicated to bringing fun, hope and happiness to the lives of children aged 5 to 16 living with cancer, their families and communities, through provision of high quality recreational experiences.
Their goal is to provide fun and comradeship combined with achievable challenges to encourage the children to focus on the positive aspects of their lives.
Camp Quality New Zealand passionately believes in the power of fun to help children and their families overcome the challenges that cancer brings.
Each year they run week long residential programmes in five locations throughout New Zealand, including Auckland/Northland, Waikato/Bay of Plenty, Wellington/Central Districts, Christchurch & South (Dunedin). They strive to provide a safe and secure environment involving one-on-one support from Companions and by the provision of committed, well trained staff on all of their camping activities.
They are committed to a high standard of excellence in training their volunteers and in organising their activities.
USA.
Camp Quality USA, Inc. is a nonprofit organisation that serves pediatric cancer patients and their families by providing year-round programs, experiences and companionship at no cost.
There are presently 15 U.S. Camp Quality summer camp sessions established in 12 states. More than 900 children participate in the summer camps annually and more participate in Camp Quality activities throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20548461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548461" title="Industry (Metrolink station)">
Industry (Metrolink station)

Industry Metrolink is located at 600 S. Brea Canyon Road in Industry, California. It is owned and operated by the City of Industry. Metro and Foothill Transit provide connecting service at the station with lines 484 and 482, respectively. There are approximately 1,440 parking spaces available. Foothill 482 is a local bus route serving the area There is no rail service to this station on weekends, but connecting buses continue to run with a limited schedule. In 2011, the Industry station had the highest ridership in the Riverside line, averaging 1,378 daily boardings, representing 34.5% of all boardings for the Riverside line.
History.
The City of Industry station opened on June 14, 1993, and built at a cost of $2.4 million. In 1994, the Riverside line, which then ran from downtown Los Angeles to the Industry station, had Metrolink's highest ridership per week, averaging 2,000 passengers. In 2012, 8,000 solar panels were installed to cover 940 parking spaces in an $11 million project that generates of electricity per hour. The project also included the installation of 64 electric car charging stations. Most of the funding came from Proposition 1A, although the South Coast Air Quality Management District also provided a $2 million grant.

</doc>
<doc id="20548462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548462" title="John Cheney">
John Cheney

John Cheney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20548505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548505" title="Mary Greenleaf Clement Leavitt">
Mary Greenleaf Clement Leavitt

Mary Greenleaf Clement Leavitt (1830–1912) was a divorced Boston schoolteacher who became the first round-the-world missionary for the Woman's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU), of which she was a founding member. Launching herself on virtually non-stop worldwide tours over a decade, she "went to all continents save Antarctica," including to such far-flung locales as Japan, Australia, India, South America and Turkey, where she crusaded against alcohol and its evils, also speaking out for other feminist causes like women's suffrage.
The Temperance Movement.
In 1810 a well-known series of sermons against distilled spirits, was delivered by Congregational minister Lyman Beecher. These, later published as "Six Sermons on the Nature, Occasions, Signs, Evils and Remedy of Intemperance" (1826), ignited a growing chorus from church pulpits against alcohol abuse and urging prohibition. Beecher's sermons later informed the WCTU's prophecies of the ill effects of booze: domestic violence; homelessness; and oppression of women.
The temperance movement was born in Ohio and New York State in 1873 when local women, concerned about alcohol's influence on home life, met in churches for prayer and then embarked on visits to saloons to confront those they felt responsible. During the next couple of years, the movement caught fire, with women demanding that saloons cease selling alcohol. The women of Fredonia, New York were the first credited with visiting local saloons under the aegis of their leader Mrs. Esther McNeil and, on December 22, 1873 were the first to call themselves the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Two days later, following a lecture at the Hillsboro, Ohio Music Hall the night before, the Crusade was born when Mrs. Eliza Thompson, a judge's wife and the daughter of a former governor, gathered 70 women in prayer at the Presbyterian Church and marched to the local saloons. Singing hymns as they went, the women demanded the saloons cease selling alcohol.
The movement caught fire. In an age when women were barred from voting, and where domestic violence – short of murder – was rarely addressed by courts, the anti-alcohol crusade hit a tripwire of emotions. In addition to banning alcohol sales, WCTU missionaries were early proponents of women's suffrage, actively campaigning for the right to vote. Among early WCTU activists were women who later came to be identified primarily as suffragettes, including Carrie Nation of Kansas.
Early life.
Mary Leavitt was born Mary Greenleaf Clement in Hopkinton, New Hampshire, the daughter of Baptist minister Rev. Joshua Clement and his wife Eliza (Harvey) Clement. Mary Leavitt was educated at Thetford Academy in Thetford, Vermont and later at the Massachusetts State Normal School at Framingham, Massachusetts, where she was valedictorian.
Early on, the minister's daughter became interested in the emerging women's movement, then starting to embrace temperance and suffrage, and she was among the temperance movement's earliest activists. "Past middle age and granite-faced," writes Patricia Ward D'Itri in "Crosscurrents in the International Women's Movement", "she had what biographers described as an unfortunate family resemblance to George Washington".
Work.
In 1873 the Boston schoolteacher became interested in the temperance movement after meeting Frances Willard while Leavitt was visiting evangelist Dwight L. Moody, whom she often assisted in worship services. Leavitt subsequently organized the first WCTU chapter in Boston, and served as its president from 1879 until 1880.
The following year Leavitt abandoned the private school she operated and went to work full-time for the WCTU, traveling through New England to promote temperance and women's suffage. She became the first superintendent of the Franchise Department of the national WCTU, and also represented the New England Women's Suffrage Association.
Leavitt's early work brought results, and the WCTU asked in July 1883 that she travel to California, Oregon and Washington to help organize WCTU chapters. Following that trip, Frances Willard requested that Leavitt's talents be used abroad, asking her new emissary to undertake a mission to the Far East to assess what the WCTU could do to organize international temperance efforts. Leavitt was designated the WCTU's "Superintendent of Reconnaissance for World's WCTU". The purpose of her first mission abroad, said the organization's newsletter tentatively, would be visiting Hawaii and the Far East "endeavoring to introduce the W.C.T.U. methods and to provide for a helpful interchange of sympathy."
Leavitt's journey did not begin auspiciously; she left America with no financial backing from the national organization and only $35 in her pocket – from her own funds. "She has no capital save her faith", WCTU founder Frances Willard noted in the group's publication, "The Union Signal". Willard told her followers: "Let me affectionately urge you to pray definitely for Mrs. Mary Clement Leavitt and her embassy, the most distant echo of the great Ohio crusade, the farthest outreaching of the gospel temperance wave."
But the times were right for Leavitt's message. Temperance crusaders found willing listeners among women in places like Australia. In 1885, for instance, 45,000 women in Victoria – almost a quarter of Australia's adult females – signed a petition to the government demanding that it introduce local legislation to protect the female sex from the "ill usage" said to sometimes accompany alcohol abuse.
On her 1884 trip to Australia, Leavitt founded five branches of the WCTU in Queensland, one in New South Wales, one in South Australia and three in Tasmania. In a trip the following year, when she was still a WCTU freelancer, Leavitt visited the Hawaiian Islands, Madagascar, India, China, Madeira, Mauritius, Ceylon, Siam, the Straits Settlements, Burma, Korea, Japan and Europe. At stops along the way, Leavitt organized more WCTU chapters, often presiding over meetings at YMCAs and other gathering places where WCTU affiliates were formed and officers elected. By the end of her decade of travels, Leavitt had organized over 86 worldwide WCTU international chapters, and some 21 men's temperance societies in over 40 countries.
Leavitt's mission surpassed the wildest aspirations of WCTU's leadership. Eventually, while Leavitt was embarked on her nearly ceaseless international travels, Frances Willard created at WCTU headquarters the Leavitt Fund, designed to finance Leavitt's travels and proselytizing. Eventually, because the chapters Leavitt founded became largely self-sustaining, and because the Boston activist covered her own expenses through individual donations, the Leavitt Fund was applied towards supporting other WCTU foreign missionaries.
As the worldwide temperance movement caught fire, crusaders like Leavitt, who had helped found WCTU chapters in India, found that their reformist ideals led them to other causes as well. Leavitt and others, for instance, began questioning the need for continued British rule in India. And native Indian-born reformers, drawn to the temperance crusade, spread their reformist ideas among the temperance forces. Pandita Ramabai, for instance, who was a leading female crusader in 1880s India against confinement of widows and child brides, joined forces with the WCTU, for whom she acted as an unofficial missionary and lecturer.
But the message of Leavitt and other WCTU reformers were not always received so warmly abroad, where their mingling of temperance and suffrage and emerging women's rights issues were sometimes complicated by cultural differences or long-held taboos. In Japan, for instance, where Leavitt embarked on a campaign which, she wrote, would "work on education, on scientific and Biblical lines, tobacco and chastity at least", her campaign was regarded suspiciously. Shortly after her arrival, the American-born reformer was told by a Japanese government official that "your mission here is doing for Japanese women what Commodore Perry did for the country." In other places, Leavitt's message against tobacco, opium, alcohol and sex outside marriage did not necessarily sit well, not to mention her calls for women's right to vote. In some locales different customs presented the WCTU crusader with unlikely predicaments: in Bangkok, for instance, she met with Thailand's King Chulalongkorn at the palace where he kept his harem. (But Leavitt's attitude towards the polygamist potentate was somewhat muted, thanks to the monarch's large donation towards a home for impoverished elderly women).
Leavitt continued her travels, which eventually encompassed Scandinavia, Turkey, South America, India, Italy, Egypt, South Africa, China, Siam, Burma, Singapore and many other countries. Midway through Leavitt's travels, the WCTU reckoned that their emissary had "traveled over 100,000 miles in 43 different countries; crossed the Equator eight times; held over 1,600 meetings; had the services of 290 different interpreters in 47 languages and formed 130 temperance societies, 86 of them WCTUs, and 23 branches of the White Cross." Left out of the tally were the so-called "Bands of Hope" Leavitt founded for the protection of children.
Recognition.
In recognition of Leavitt's service, she was eventually named Honorary Life President of the WCTU, in which capacity she served for 20 years. Her stature within the movement was such that she often addressed the national convention.
Death.
Towards the end of her life, Leavitt fell out with WCTU leadership, and ultimately resigned from the organization. Looking back, she told interviewers that her greatest accomplishment was not her temperance efforts, but instead building fellowship among the world's women. "The greatest value of my years of work lies in the impetus the labors of a woman have given to development among women in remote places." Mary Greenleaf Clement Leavitt, born Mary Clement, died at her home at 18 Huntington Avenue in Boston in 1912. The fate of the New England schoolteacher's ex-husband, Thomas H. Leavitt, a Vermont native and Boston real estate broker whom she married in 1857, was not chronicled – nor whether he enjoyed alcoholic beverages. Mrs. Leavitt's daughter Amy, educated at her mother's "Mrs. Mary Clement Leavitt's Private School in Boston", later became a translator and musician after graduating from the New England Conservatory of Music. Mary Leavitt and Thomas H. Leavitt had two other daughters, Agnes and Edith.

</doc>
<doc id="20548510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548510" title="James E. Gaffney">
James E. Gaffney

James Edward Gaffney (March 7, 1868 - August 17, 1932) was the owner of the Boston Braves of the National League from through . In 1912, he purchased the club from William Hepburn Russell's estate. In 1915, he sold the franchise to Percy Haughton.
Biography.
Gaffney was born in New York City to Patrick Gaffney and Anne Masterson, Irish immigrants. In 1890, he married Essie Smith, whose family held numerous valuable properties in Manhattan. Gaffney was a Tammany Hall alderman and construction company owner. While the owner of the Braves, he built Braves Field in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="20548520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548520" title="Food systems">
Food systems

The term "food system" is used frequently in discussions about nutrition, food, health, community economic development and agriculture. A food system includes all processes and infrastructure involved in feeding a population: growing, harvesting, processing, packaging, transporting, marketing, consumption, and disposal of food and food-related items. It also includes the inputs needed and outputs generated at each of these steps. A food system operates within and is influenced by social, political, economic and environmental contexts. It also requires human resources that provide labor, research and education. Food systems are either conventional or alternative according to their model of food lifespan from origin to plate.
Conventional food systems.
Conventional food systems operate on the economies of scale. These food systems are geared towards a production model that requires maximizing efficiency in order to lower consumer costs and increase overall production, and they utilize economic models such vertical integration, economic specialization, and global trade.
The term “conventional” when describing food systems is large part due to comparisons made to it by proponents of other food systems, collectively known as alternative food systems.
History of conventional food systems.
The development of food systems can be traced back to the origins of in-situ agriculture and the production of food surpluses. These surpluses enabled the development of settled areas and contributed to the development of ancient civilizations, particularly those in the Fertile Crescent. The system of trade associated with the exchange of foodstuffs also emerged in East Asia, North America, South America, and Subsaharan Africa with common commodities of exchange such as salt, spices, fish, grains, etc. Through events in world history such as the conquests of Alexander the Great, the Crusades, the expansion of Islam, the journeys of Marco Polo, and the exploration and colonization of the Americas by Europeans led to the introduction and redistribution of new foods to the world at large, and food systems began to intermingle on a global scale. After World War II, the advent of industrialized agriculture and more robust global trade mechanisms have evolved into the models of food production, presentation, delivery, and disposal that characterizes conventional food systems today.
h
Impacts of conventional food systems.
Lower food costs and greater food variety can be directly attributed to the evolvement of conventional food systems. Agronomic efficiency is driven by the necessity to constantly lower production expenses, and those savings can then be passed on to the consumer. Also, the advent of industrial agriculture and the infrastructure built around conventional food systems has enabled the world population to expand beyond the “Malthusian catastrophe” limitations.
However, conventional food systems are largely based on the availability of inexpensive fossil fuels, which is necessary for mechanized agriculture, the manufacture or collection of chemical fertilizers, the processing of food products, and the packaging of the foods. Food processing began when the number of consumers started growing rapidly. The demand for cheap and efficient calories climbed resulting in nutrition decline. Industrialized agriculture, due to its reliance on economies of scale to reduce production costs, often leads to the compromising of local, regional, or even global ecosystems through fertilizer runoff, nonpoint source pollution, and greenhouse gas emission. Also, the need to reduce production costs in an increasingly global market can cause production of foods to be moved to areas where economic costs (labor, taxes, etc.) are lower or environmental regulations are more lax, which are usually further from consumer markets. For example, the majority of salmon sold in the United States is raised off the coast of Chile, due in large part to less stringent Chilean standards regarding fish feed and regardless of the fact that salmon are not indigenous in Chilean coastal waters. The globalization of food production can result in the loss of traditional food systems in less developed countries, and have negative impacts on the population health, ecosystems, and cultures in those countries.
Alternative food systems.
Local food systems.
Local food systems are networks of food production and consumption that aim to be geographically and economically accessible and direct. They contrast to industrial food systems by operating with reduced food transportation and more direct marketing, leading to fewer people between the farmer and the consumer. As a result, relationships that are developed in local food systems emerge from face-to-face interactions, potentially leading to a stronger sense of trust and social connectedness between actors. As a result, some scholars suggest that local food systems are a good way to revitalize a community. The decreased distance of food transportation has also been promoted for its environmental benefits.
Both proponents and critics of local food systems warn that they can lead to narrow inward-looking attitudes or ‘local food patriotism’, and that price premiums and local food cultures can be elitist and exclusive.
Examples of local food systems include community-supported agriculture, farmers markets and farm to school programs. They have been associated with the 100 Mile Diet and Low Carbon Diet, as well as the food sovereignty movement and slow food movement. Various forms of urban agriculture locate food production in densely populated areas not traditionally associated with farming. Garden sharing, where urban and suburban homeowners offer land access to food growers in exchange for a share of the harvest, is a relatively new trend, at the extreme end of direct local food production.
Organic food systems.
Organic food systems are characterized by a reduced dependence on chemical inputs and an increased concern for transparency and information. Organic produce is grown without the chemical pesticides and fertilizers of industrial food systems, and livestock is reared without the use of antibiotics or growth hormones. The reduced inputs of organic agriculture can also lead to a greater reliance on local knowledge, creating a stronger knowledge community amongst farmers. The transparency of food information is vital for organic food systems as a means through which consumers are able to identify organic food. As a result, a variety of certification bodies have emerged in organic food systems that set the standards for organic identification. Organic agriculture is promoted for the ecological benefits of reduced chemical application, the health benefits of lower chemical consumption, the economic benefits that accrue to farmers through a price premium, and the social benefits of increased transparency in the food system.
Like local food systems, organic food systems have been criticized for being elitist and inaccessible. Critics have also suggested that organic agriculture has been conventionalized such that it mimics industrial food systems while using pesticides and fertilizers that are organically derived 
Cooperatives in food systems.
Cooperatives can exist both at the farmer end of food production and the consumer end. Farming cooperatives refer to arrangements where farmers pool resources, either to cultivate their crops or get their crops to market. Consumer cooperatives often refer to food cooperatives where members buy a share in the store. Co-operative grocery stores, unlike corporate grocery stores, are socially owned and thus surpluses cannot be taken from the store as profit. As a result, food co-ops do not work for profit, potentially keeping prices more cost representative. Other forms of cooperatives that have developed more recently include community-supported agriculture, where community members buy a share in a farm’s harvest, and may also be engaged in farm labour, operating at both the consumer and producer end of food systems. Garden sharing pairs individual landowners and food growers, while variations on this approach organize groups of food gardeners for mutual assistance.
The benefits of cooperatives are largely in the redistribution of risk and responsibility. For farming cooperatives that share resources, the burden of investment is disbursed to all members, rather than being concentrated in a single individual. A criticism of cooperatives is that reduced competition can reduce efficiency
Fair Trade.
Fair trade has emerged in global food systems to create a greater balance between the price of food and the cost of producing it. It is defined largely by more direct trading systems whereby producers have greater control over the conditions of trade and garner a greater fraction of the sale price. The main goal of Fair Trade is to “change international commercial
relations in such a way that disadvantaged producers can increase their control over their own future, have a fair and just return for their work, continuity of income and decent working and living conditions through sustainable development” Like organic food systems, fair trade relies on transparency and the flow of information. Well-known examples of fair trade commodities are coffee and cocoa.
Transparency.
Transparency within food systems refers to full disclosure of information about rules, procedures and practices at all levels within a food production and supply chain. Transparency ensures that consumers have detailed information about production of a given food item. Traceability, by contrast, is the ability to trace to their origins all components in a food production and marketing chain, whether processed or unprocessed (e.g., meat, vegetables) foods.2 Concerns about transparency and traceability have been heightened with food safety scares such as Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE) and Escherichia coli (E. coli), but do not exclusively refer to food safety. Transparency is also important in identifying foods that possess extrinsic qualities that do not affect the nature of the food per se, but affect its production, such as animal welfare, social justice issues and environmental concerns.
One of the primary ways transparency is achieved is through certification and/or use of food labels. In the United States, some certification originates in the public sector, such as the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Organic label. Others have their origin in private sector certification (e.g., Humanely Raised, Certified Humane). There are also labels which do not rely on certification, such as the USDA's Country of Origin Label (COOL).
Participation in local food systems such as Community Supported Agriculture (CSA), Farmers Markets, food cooperatives and farmer cooperatives also enhances transparency, and there are diverse programs promoting purchase of locally grown and marketed foods.

</doc>
<doc id="20548535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548535" title="Nameplate capacity">
Nameplate capacity

Nameplate capacity, also known as the rated capacity, nominal capacity, installed capacity or maximum effect, refers to the intended technical full–load sustained output of a facility such as a power plant, a chemical plant, fuel plant, metal refinery, mine, and many others.
For dispatchable power, this capacity depends on the internal technical capability of the plant to maintain output for a reasonable amount of time (for example, a day), neither momentarily nor permanently, and without considering external events such as lack of fuel or internal events such as maintenance. Actual output can be different from nameplate capacity for a number of reasons depending on equipment and circumstances.
Nameplate capacity is the number registered with authorities for classifying the power output of a power station usually expressed in megawatts (MW).
Power plants with an output near nameplate capacity have a high capacity factor.
The term is connected with nameplates on electrical generators as these plates describing the model name and manufacturer usually also contain the rated output, but the rated output of a power station to the electrical grid is usually less than the generator capacity because the components outside the generator, but inside the power station, also use power which detracts from the amount that reaches the grid. Thus there is a distinction between component capacity and facility capacity.
For non-dispatchable power, particularly renewable energy, nameplate capacity refers to generation under ideal conditions. Output is generally limited by weather conditions, hydroelectric dam water levels, tidal variations and other outside forces. Equipment failures and maintenance usually contribute less to capacity factor reduction than the innate variation of the power source.

</doc>
<doc id="20548538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548538" title="Dominican Summer League Orioles">
Dominican Summer League Orioles

The Dominican Summer Orioles are a minor league baseball team of the Dominican Summer League. They are located in Boca Chica, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic and play their home games at Baseball City Complex. The team plays in the Boca Chica Baseball City division and is affiliated with the Baltimore Orioles.

</doc>
<doc id="20548542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548542" title="George W. Grant (Boston Braves owner)">
George W. Grant (Boston Braves owner)

George Washington Grant was the owner of the Boston Braves of the National League from through . In 1919, he purchased the club from Percy Haughton estate. In 1922, he sold the franchise to Emil Fuchs. 
Grant was a motion picture and theatrical promoter in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="20548559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548559" title="Leïla Karam">
Leïla Karam

Leila Karam (1928 - 2 December 2008) was a Lebanese actress. Her major contributions were in the 1970s and 1980s in many Lebanese and Egyptian movies, plays and TV series of Tele Liban.
Career.
Karam began her career in broadcast media in 1956, at Near East Radio. Soon after television came to Lebanon in 1959, she starred as the mother in the series "Abou Melhem".
Her last role was as a brothel madam in the 1998 film, "West Beirut".
Personal life.
Was married, and has one son. Her elder sister Nabila Karam is also actress. She died on 2 December 2008 in a hospital in Beirut after a long illness.
Quotes.
"They don't remember us except when we are dead, that is if they do, so why should we remember them or show our admiration."

</doc>
<doc id="20548562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548562" title="Billy Frank, Jr.">
Billy Frank, Jr.

Billy Frank, Jr. is a Native American environmental leader and treaty rights activist born in 1931 to Willie and Angeline Frank. A Nisqually tribal member, Frank is known specifically for his grassroots campaign for fishing rights on the tribe’s Nisqually River, located in Washington state in the 1960s and 1970s. He is also known for promoting cooperative management of natural resources.
Tribes reserved the right to fish, hunt and gather shellfish in treaties with the U.S. government negotiated in the mid-1850s. But when tribal members tried to exercise those rights off-reservation they were arrested for fishing in violation of state law.
Frank was arrested more than 50 times in the Fish Wars of the 1960s and 1970s because of his intense dedication to the treaty fishing rights cause. The tribal struggle was taken to the courts in U.S. v. Washington, and Judge George Hugo Boldt found in favor of the Indians in 1974. The Boldt Decision established the 20 treaty Indian tribes in western Washington as co-managers of the salmon resource with the State of Washington and re-affirmed the tribal right to half of the harvestable salmon returning to western Washington.
Today Frank is chairman of the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission, a position he has held for more than 30 years.
Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission.
The Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission (NWIFC) was created in 1975 to support the natural resource management activities of the 20 treaty Indian tribes in western Washington. The NWIFC is based in Olympia, Washington, with satellite offices in Forks and Mount Vernon. Frank has chaired the NWIFC since 1981. The commission’s 65-person staff supports member tribes in efforts ranging from fish health to salmon management planning and habitat protection. The NWIFC also acts as a forum for tribes to address issues of mutual concern, and as a mechanism for tribes to speak with a unified voice in Washington, D.C.
Titles.
Billy Frank, Jr. has held several different titles his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20548566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548566" title="Boris Godunov discography">
Boris Godunov discography

The following list contains all major audio and video recordings of Modest Mussorgsky's opera Boris Godunov.

</doc>
<doc id="20548598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548598" title="Whipper (budgerigar)">
Whipper (budgerigar)

Whipper is a Budgerigar from Winton, Southland District, New Zealand. Its unusual appearance, long curly plumage, and vocalisations, which were caused by a genetic mutation made it famous in its home country.
After being placed with, and rejected by its mother, its owner took personal care of Whipper. This early separation from its own species may have resulted in its unique vocal sounds, and later reintroduction to other budgerigars caused normal calls to be more evident. 
Mutation.
Whipper's vet declared him as a mutant. Bird mutations are well documented and can cause health problems.
Mutation is common within the species, caused by "budgerigar colour genetics". However, Whipper's unique mutation is long curly feathers, short flightless wings and apparent blindness. It is suspected that the mutation, which is known to Budgerigar breeders as the "feather duster" mutation, caused unrestricted feather growth, resulting in the budgerigar's dishevelled appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20548608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548608" title="Livadh Lake">
Livadh Lake

Livadh lake ( or ; , "Štrbačko jezero" or Ливадичко језеро, "Livadičko jezero") is a mountain lake in the Shar Mountains in Kosovo. It lies at an elevation of above sea level and has a maximum length of and a maximum width of . It has a great depth for a mountain lake, with being the maximum depth. It is probably the most beautiful and popular lake in the entire Šar Mountains and is a big tourist attraction.
It is next to the Tumba Peak (Šar) and Maja Livadh peaks.

</doc>
<doc id="20548614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548614" title="Eden Baldwin">
Eden Baldwin

Eden Baldwin is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". Created and introduced by former head writer Maria Arena Bell, the character made her debut during the episode that aired on September 22, 2008. The role was originally portrayed by Erin Sanders, who was let go shortly after her debut due to the negative response her portrayal received. The role was recast with Vanessa Marano, who took over soon after and portrayed the role for two years until January 2010. In June 2011, the role was recast a second time with Jessica Heap, who also portrayed the role for two years until January 2013.
Eden is the half-sister of Michael Baldwin (Christian LeBlanc) and the "defiant teenage daughter" of River Baldwin (Michael Gross). Her storylines have involved romances with Noah Newman (Kevin Schmidt), Daniel Romalotti (Michael Graziadei) and Kyle Abbott (Blake Hood), as well as a rivalry with Abby Newman (Marcy Rylan).
Casting.
The character of Eden was first portrayed by former "Zoey 101" star Erin Sanders. On her casting of the role, Sanders said, "I definitely wasn't expecting role to be so dramatic. The audition sides were light and fun. I had no idea that this was all in store for me. I'm pleased, though, because I love this sort of thing." Sanders departed shortly after her debut due to lack of positive reviews with her portrayal, and was last seen on November 19, 2008. The role was recast with Vanessa Marano, who debuted on December 3, 2008. Marano vacated the role just over a year later, and she was last seen as Eden on January 22, 2010.
In June 2011, it was reported by multiple sources that the role has been recast again with Jessica Heap, who debuted on June 28, 2011. Of her first day, Heap stated: "When I worked my first day, I was shooting two episodes, all back to back. So it was a lot of dialogue, a lot of material and it really helped having someone there who was like 'Here's what's happening,' as it was going on. For me, I'm just loving it, because I’m learning from people like Christian and these other great actors and I’m learning new skills." However, after a year in the role, it was announced that Heap was to exit the soap. Heap, who was let go by the show, confirmed on January 11, 2013 via twitter that she had wrapped up filming, and described her experience as an "unforgettable ride".
Storylines.
Backstory.
River Baldwin, ex-husband of Gloria Bardwell and absentee father of Michael Baldwin, was first seen onscreen in 2008, and was rumored to have a daughter in which he raised on an Ashram. River's daughter arrived in town, operating under the alias Eden Gerick. She became acquainted with brother Michael, and his wife Lauren. Eventually, Eden began using Baldwin as her last name, and when River left town on the run, Eden stayed in Genoa City and began dating Noah Newman.
2008–10.
While in Genoa City, Eden developed a romantic relationship with Noah Newman, but their families were against it. They continued seeing each other in secret until they gained the approval of their families. Upon being mysteriously contacted by estranged relatives, she decided to leave Genoa City to reconnect with them in Paris. Noah went with her on her trip to Europe.
It was later revealed that Daisy Carter had framed Eden for sending Lauren Fenmore Baldwin a rat and for keeping newspaper clippings of Sheila Carter in her school binder. Daisy was also responsible for putting Eden and her relatives in contact in order to drive her away from Genoa City because of her suspicion that Daisy was not who she seemed. Noah and Eden continued their love affair in Paris, but at some point, the relationship fell apart off-screen; Noah returned to Genoa City, but Eden decided to remain in Paris.
2011–13.
Later, it was revealed that Eden did not stay in Paris as long as she said she did. In reality, she went to rehab for an eating disorder that she developed while overseas. Eden was at the same rehab in Connecticut that Abby Newman was sent to by her father, Victor Newman. Even though Eden wanted to avoid Abby, she was forced to become her "buddy" and show her around. Abby told Eden that she should come back to Genoa City. After Abby left rehab only a few days after she checked in, Eden decided to cancel her flight back to Paris and book a new one to Genoa City. She was reunited with sister-in-law Lauren Fenmore Baldwin, and was also confronted by her ex-boyfriend, Noah. Eden being back in town was a happy surprise to her family, in particular Michael. Eden and Noah became friends, though it was obvious he still had feelings for her. Noah even attempted to kiss her—but Eden stopped him, feeling it wasn't the best thing for them to do. Eden, too, had feelings to Noah—she was often seen looking on jealously as Noah hung out with his new friend in town, Hunter.
Eden later began working at "Crimson Lights" jealous that Noah had offered Hunter the job. Eden later became friends with Daniel Romalotti, bonding over sulking over their lost loves, Noah and Lily Winters. Daniel proposed that the two of them go out and have some fun. After seeing a movie, the pair went back to Daniel apartment. Eden commented on one of Daniel's paintings that he made while he was with Lily. The two began to destroy the painting by covering it in black paint. A paint fight ensued, leading to their first kiss. Eden and Daniel had sex on the floor of Daniel's apartment, even after Kevin told Daniel to stay away from his sister. Eden told Daniel that their relationship was "no strings attached". On Christmas Eve, Eden was present for Kevin's almost-wedding to Chloe, making sure to stay close to the best man, Daniel. Eden gets the shock of her life when she catches her new romance Ricky Williams cheating on her with Daisy Carter, unaware that Ricky had been recruited by Phyllis Newman to get close to Daisy so that Daniel can get full custody of his daughter Lucy.
Eden let Ricky move in with her after Kevin married Chloe, though she eventually asked him to move out as she felt he was dangerous and creepy; she told Ricky that an old girlfriend was coming from California and needed a place to stay. To her dismay, Ricky moved into Daisy's old apartment across the hall. Eden then let ex-boyfriend Noah move in temporarily as he needed a place to stay, and she needed to prove to Ricky that someone would be taking his place as roommate. When Daisy went missing, Eden was sure that Ricky was involved due to all the time they spent together. Others were skeptical of Ricky's involvement, and thus Eden went to his hotel suite and found Daisy's cell phone and wallet there. She text messaged Kevin to meet her as she had "big news," though before they could do so Ricky found out Eden found Daisy's belongings, and said he now needed to kill her. He chased her into the bathroom where she hit her head on the bathtub. Ricky's father Paul Williams arrived and shot his own son to prevent him from killing Eden. Eden regained consciousness moments after, but suffered memory loss that could help exonerate Paul from Ricky's death. When Paul decided to plead guilty to killing his son, Heather Stevens suggested hypnosis to Eden to help her remember the night of Ricky's death, which proved unsuccessful. Eden later starts remembering bits and pieces of what happened the night of Ricky's death through her dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="20548616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548616" title="Dominican Summer League Phillies">
Dominican Summer League Phillies

The Dominican Summer Phillies are a minor league baseball team in the Dominican Summer League. The team plays in the Santo Domingo North division and is affiliated with the Philadelphia Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="20548652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548652" title="Dominican Summer League Royals">
Dominican Summer League Royals

The Dominican Summer Royals are a minor league baseball team in the Dominican Summer League. The team plays in the Boca Chica South division and is affiliated with the Kansas City Royals.

</doc>
<doc id="20548655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548655" title="Seven Immortals">
Seven Immortals

Seven Immortals can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20548668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548668" title="Aqua Lung/La Spirotechnique">
Aqua Lung/La Spirotechnique

La Spirotechnique (later Aqua Lung/La Spirotechnique) is a large and well-known French firm which makes scuba gear, scuba sets and other breathing apparati. It started making the so called Aqua-Lung regulators, like the CG45 (1945) and the Mistral (1955), among others.
History.
In December 1942 the "lieutenant de vaisseau" (ship-of-the-Line Lieutenant) Jacques-Yves Cousteau met in Paris for the first time the engineer Émile Gagnan, employee at Air Liquide, a French company specialising in compressed gas. Because of severe fuel restrictions due to the German occupation of France, Gagnan had miniaturized and adapted to gas generators a Rouquayrol-Denayrouze-type regulator. Invented in 1860, adapted to diving in 1864 and mass produced as of 1865 (when the Ministry of the French Navy ordered the first apparati), the Rouquayrol-Denayrouze regulator was being commercialized in 1942 by the Bernard Piel Company, who had inherited the patent. Cousteau requested Gagnan to adapt his new own regulator to diving and both men patented in 1943 the first modern diving regulator.
Early in 1943 Cousteau and Gagnan ordered Air Liquide to make at its factory in Boulogne-Billancourt two scuba set prototypes that Cousteau and Frédéric Dumas used to shoot the underwater film "Épaves" ("Shipwrecks"), directed by Cousteau the same year. They were the first modern diving regulators to be made.
In 1946 Air Liquide founded La Spirotechnique, its own division destined to conceive and mass produce regulators and other diving equipment. Also in 1946 La Spirotechnique launched the CG45, the first modern regulator to be commercialized. The year 1946 represents thus the beginning of the popularisation of scuba diving.
In English-speaking countries the CG45 was commercialized under the name of "Aqua-Lung", a word coined by Cousteau himself on that purpose.
In the USA during World War II the American military physician Christian J. Lambertsen designed a wartime frogman's rebreather which in 1952 got called the SCUBA (acronym for Self-Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus), and later the name (changing to 'scuba' and treated as a word) was used to mean any underwater breathing set.
In Britain the word "aqualung" became a generic trademark for open-circuit underwater breathing sets and stayed so for many years. The word "scuba" became the generic word quickly in the USA and eventually in Britain. For more information see Aqua-lung#Trademark issues.
From 1946 to 1955 La Spirotechnique sold only one model of regulator, the CG45.
On April 1955 it launched the Mistral, a single-stage regulator that was cheaper to build and easier to breath than the CG45. The Mistral became the brands spearhead and set off to establish scuba diving across the world. The CG45 and the Mistral were twin-hose regulators, but La Spirotechnique wanted to create a single-hose regulator, to let divers exchange their mouthpieces in narrow underwater caves and hollows, not knowing that in 1952 the Australian Ted Eldred had started to sell the first single-hose regulator, the Porpoise.
In 1955 La Spirotechnique launched its first single hose regulator. Conceived by Jean Bronnec and Raymond Gauthier this regulator was the Cristal, called the Aquamatic for English-speaking countries.
The first American branch of La Spirotechnique was U.S. Divers, which was the company that first sold aqualungs (CG45, Mistral) Aquamatic (Cristal), and other Spirotechnique regulators in the USA. At some point La Spirotechnique used the word Aqua Lung to change its name, or to use it as an alternate name. Nowadays U.S. Divers is a division of Aqua Lung America, an American branch of La Spirotechnique. Aqua Lung/La Spirotechnique sits nowadays in Carros, near Nice and onws its own international branches around the world, like Aqua Lung America.

</doc>
<doc id="20548672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548672" title="Montebello/Commerce (Metrolink station)">
Montebello/Commerce (Metrolink station)

Montebello/Commerce Metrolink, a Metrolink train station, is located on a site at 2000 Flotilla Street in Montebello, California. It is owned and operated by the City of Montebello. The City also provides a shuttle, called Montebello Link, designed to connect Metrolink passengers with major employment centers. There are approximately 267 parking spaces available. There is no rail service to this station on weekends, but connecting buses continue to run with a limited schedule.
In September 2012, the Montebello City Council approved a $537,000 beautification project to upgrade the station, which has not been upgraded since its construction in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20548703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548703" title="Kolibri Choir">
Kolibri Choir

Dečji Hor RTS "Kolibri" ("RTS Children's Choir "Kolibri"") is a children's choir of the Radio Television of Serbia.
History.
The Children’s Choir "Kolibri" (kolibri meaning "hummingbird") was founded in 1963, by Milica Manojlović who conducted the ensemble within the Serbian Broadcasting Corporation for four decades. 
"Kolibri" is an unique children’s choir with its own distinct style of singing, inimitable and pleasant performance, and a highly professional attitude towards music nurtured with love towards music, with an active interpretation of music which it delivers to audiences with great pleasure.
During the last fifty years, the "Kolibri" Choir has given hundreds of concerts at home and abroad, has taken part in radio dramas, and made regular appearances in television and films.
The Choir has recorded 19 single and 42 LP records, seven audiotapes, four CDs and three video tapes, all released by PGP-RTS. The Kolibri Choir's latest CD - "Kolibri planeta" - was released in December 2013.
Exceptional artistic achievements has brought the choir a number of awards, among which are: the "Diploma of Radio Belgrade" for the contribution to the development of children's and youth music, the "Golden Ring of the Serbian Cultural and Educational Union", "Diploma of the Serbian Composer's Union" for the contribution to the development of musical creativity, the "UNICEF Acknowledgement", "Golden Syrian of the Radio Television of Belgrade (RTB)" for the biggest yearly achievement of RTB, the "Silver Laureate Wreath" for work, the "Medal of Days of Mokranjac", the "Days of Mokranjac Award" and the "Zmaj Award".
The Kolibri Choir has given concerts at home and abroad, took part in radio dramas, and made regular appearances on television and films. All their recordings are published by the Music Production of Serbian Radio and TV (PGP RTS). "Kolibri" performed in Bolshoi Theatre in Musorgsky's opera ""Boris Godunov". Kolibri and Milica Manojlović worked with Oliver Dragojević, Bajaga, Dragan Laković, Đuza Stojiljković, Minja Subota, Tanja Bošković, Riblja Čorba, Ljubiša Simić, Kemal Monteno, Sedmorica Mladih, Tamburica 5, Bora Dugić and many other musicians, actors and artists in former Yugoslavia.
Today the conductor of the Kolibri Choir is Ljiljana Ranđelović.
External links.
http://www.rts.rs/page/rts/ci/Muzicka+produkcija/story/240/English/21071/RTS+Children+Choir RTS Children Choir "Kolibri" at www.rts.rs
http://www.rts.rs/page/rts/sr/pgp/story/1211/Izdanja/1474374/Hor+Kolibri.html at www.rts.rs 
http://www.rts.rs/page/magazine/ci/story/421/%D0%9C%D1%83%D0%B7%D0%B8%D0%BA%D0%B0/1481852/%D0%9D%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B8+%D1%81%D0%BF%D0%BE%D1%82+%E2%80%9E%D0%9A%D0%BE%D0%BB%D0%B8%D0%B1%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%98%D0%B0%E2%80%9C.html at www.rts.rs
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxcNXUMqwaw

</doc>
<doc id="20548706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548706" title="Dominican Summer League Tigers">
Dominican Summer League Tigers

The Dominican Summer Tigers are a minor league baseball team in the Dominican Summer League. The team plays in the San Pedro de Macoris division and is affiliated with the Detroit Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="20548714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548714" title="Heros of Arles">
Heros of Arles

Heros was Bishop of Arles from 408 to 412. He was installed as bishop by the usurper Constantine III, and was deposed by Constantius III.
Prosper of Aquitaine describes him in his "Chronicle" as ""vir sanctus, et beati Martini discipulus"". He was installed as bishop in the face of local opposition. Heros lost his see in the reprisals which followed the defeat and execution of Constantine III, and was replaced by Patroclus of Arles. 
Along with Lazarus, who had also been deposed as bishop of Aix-en-Provence by Constantius, he went into exile in Palestine. In 415 both Heros and Lazarus wrote a letter to the Council of Diospolis condemning Pelagianism; they wrote a second letter together to the Council of Carthage in 416.

</doc>
<doc id="20548717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548717" title="Psaltoda moerens">
Psaltoda moerens

Psaltoda moerens, commonly known as the redeye, is an Australian species of cicada. It is distributed through the south-east of Australia, from southern Queensland to South Australia, as well as Tasmania. Populations can vary greatly between years; one year they may be present in large numbers and the next they may be entirely absent. They feed primarily on eucalyptus but also on "Angophora" trees. As they feed on tree sap they expel small droplets of clear waste fluid. When numbers are high, this can form a constant stream.
Taxonomy.
The redeye was originally described by German naturalist Ernst Friedrich Germar in 1834 as "Cicada moerens", and later transferred to the new genus "Psaltoda", where it was designated the type species by Swedish entomologist Carl Stål. 
Walter Wilson Froggatt reported that the common name was used by Sydney children in his 1907 work "Australian Insects", referring to the colour of the ocelli.
Description.
The typical wingspan is around 110-120 mm. The adult is a shiny black above and brown and finely hairy underneath. As the name implies, the eyes are a deep red colour, although pinkish- and brownish-eyed specimens are seen. Heard at any time of day, the call consists of two to twelve (often around six) revving sounds with a yodelling quality, followed by a rattling continuous call. The redeye makes the yodelling sound by flexing its abdomen upwards.
Distribution and habitat.
Encountered from November to February only, the redeye is found from the New England region of south-east Queensland through New South Wales and into Victoria and south-eastern South Australia, and Eastern and Northern Tasmania. It is found from the coast inland to Toowoomba and Inverell in the north, and the Grampians and Mount Lofty Ranges in the south. It is found at elevation in the northern parts of its range, and at low altitudes in the southern parts. It appears only irregularly, in some summers and not others, in western Sydney.
The redeye prefers open sclerophyll forest, in particular smooth-barked eucalypts and "Angophora" species, but will settle for rough-barked species if more suitable trees are not available. Species favoured include Sydney Red Gum or Smooth-barked Apple ("Angophora costata"), scribbly gum ("Eucalyptus racemosa"), grey box ("E. moluccana") and narrow-leaved apple ("Angophora bakeri") around Sydney, "Eucalyptus grandis" in the vicinity of Taree, Manna Gum ("Eucalyptus viminalis"), and Messmate Stringybark ("Eucalyptus obliqua") near Adelaide. It has also settled for introduced trees such as the liquidambar ("Liquidambar styraciflua"), Japanese Maple ("Acer palmatum"), and Weeping Willow ("Salix babylonica"). Redeyes settle on the trunks of smoother barked trees, and wherever the bark is smoothest on rougher trees, and may gather in large numbers on some trees while ignoring others nearby. In some cases many thousands of redeyes may inhabit a few trees.
Behaviour.
They puncture the bark and may feed for hours at a time. They expel waste fluid which can fall in a constant shower if there are large numbers of redeyes. Redeyes are also attracted to light. The female lays eggs in dead or dying plant tissue only.
The redeye and related black prince are favoured food items of the Noisy Friarbird, which swallows them head-first and whole. The width of its gape size is similar to that of the two cicada species.
The redeye is preyed upon by the cicada killer wasp ("Exeirus lateritius"), which stings and paralyses the cicada before storing it in its burrow with the wasp egg. When the larva hatches it consumes the hapless insect.

</doc>
<doc id="20548727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548727" title="Robert A. Baker">
Robert A. Baker

Robert Allen Baker Jr. (June 27, 1921 – August 8, 2005) was an American psychologist, professor of psychology emeritus of the University of Kentucky, skeptic, author, and investigator of ghosts, UFO abductions, lake monsters and other paranormal phenomena. He is the editor of Psychology in the Wry, a collection of satire, and was formerly the co-editor of Approaches, a quarterly journal of contemporary poetry. His satirical and humorous verses have appeared in Vogue, Saturday Review, The Journal of Irreproducible Results, Worm-Runners' Digest, and other journals. He wrote 15 books and is a Past Fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry.
Early life.
Baker was born in 1921 in the little community of Blackford, in Webster County, Kentucky. His father did shoe repair and his mother was a drugstore clerk. Despite their own lack of education, his parents encouraged him to study from an early age. He attended primary school in Hopkinsville, Kentucky and graduated from Hopkinsville High School in 1939. He served in the Army Air Forces as a cryptographer during World War II, and began reading about human psychology at that time.
Academic career.
Baker graduated from the University of Kentucky in 1948 and later returned to receive a masters degree in psychology. He received a doctorate in psychology from Stanford University in 1951.
After completing his PhD, he became a staff scientist at MIT's Lincoln Laboratory, doing military research. In 1953 he joined the Human Resources Research Office at Fort Knox, where he did human factors research relating to the Army.
He served on the faculty of Chico State College and Indiana University Southeast and was a staff psychologist for the Kentucky Department of Corrections. In 1969 he joined the faculty of the University of Kentucky in the psychology department. He was chairman of the psychology department for four years. Baker spent the last 20 years of his career here, until his retirement.
He served as president of the Kentucky Psychological Association and was a fellow of the American Psychological Association.
Baker was a critic of pseudoscience in the practice of psychiatry and psychotherapy, and of the coercive nature of psychiatry. He wrote on this topic and allied himself with Thomas Szasz in his criticism.
Career as a skeptic.
His parents instilled skepticism in him from an early age. He was interested in ghosts as a child, but was disappointed to discover upon investigation that the noises emanating from a nearby "haunted cave" were actually natural in origin.
As a university psychologist, he sometimes encountered cases with a paranormal element. He would do his best to find a non-paranormal explanation or resolution for these cases, and eventually gained a reputation as a "ghost buster".
When Joe Nickell was seeking an advanced degree at the University of Kentucky, the two met. They later worked together on several paranormal investigations and co-wrote a book on the topic. Nickell once said, "No one knew more about alien abductions than Robert Baker."
After retiring from the university in 1989, he devoted much of his time to anomalistic psychology and scientific skepticism, writing several books on related topics including hypnosis, ghosts, alien abductions and false memory syndrome. Baker wrote that many paranormal phenomena can be explained via psychological effects such as hallucinations, sleep paralysis and hidden memories, a phenomenon in which experiences that originally make little conscious impression are filed away in the brain to be suddenly remembered later in an altered form.
Readers of "Skeptical Inquirer Magazine", noticed in 1994 similarities between one of Baker's articles and William Grey's article "Philosophy and the Paranormal, Part 2". After discovering this, Baker wrote to Grey apologizing for "forgetting both the direct quotation and the reference citation", he claims that it was an oversight. Grey publicly accepted Baker's apology in S.I. magazine. In the following year, author Terence Hines accuses Baker of plagiarism of his book "Pseudoscience and the Paranormal ". Baker responded in S.I. that he used Melvin Harris' "Investigating the Unexplained" as a source, rather than Hines, and that he gave Harris credit but forgot the quotation marks.
He was an organizer with and served as president of the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics. He wrote numerous articles and book reviews for Skeptical Inquirer magazine and CSI's Skeptical Briefs newsletter.
In 1999, a panel of skeptics named him among the two dozen most outstanding skeptics of the 20th Century.

</doc>
<doc id="20548738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548738" title="PalaSharp">
PalaSharp

PalaSharp was an indoor arena, located in Milan, Italy. The seating capacity is for 8,479 people and it hosts concerts and indoor sporting events.
The arena hosted the 1987 Basketball Intercontinental Cup in which local Philips Milano defeated FC Barcelona and won the competition.
In 2013 the arena will be demolished.
Naming right history.
When opened in 1986, it was named after Nicola Trussardi, a local fashion designer and entrepreneur. 
Other naming rights deals included computer company Vobis (1996–2002), automobile emissions control company Tucker and Mazda automotive manufacturer. 
The arena was lastly under an agreement with Sharp electronics corporation, in effect since 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20548762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548762" title="Knights Hill (New South Wales)">
Knights Hill (New South Wales)

Knights Hill is a hill that is part of the Illawarra Range with an elevation of AMSL. The peak is located south of Albion Park and comprises several other small hills, atop a plateau adjacent to the escarpment edge. 
Atop the plateau are TV antennae and a small farm. The name first appears in a map by Surveyor Hoddle, after whom a track west of Kiama is named. He surveyed the region in the 19th century. 
The hill can be seen from the coastal plain to the north as far as Stanwell Park. One of the television aerials emits a constant light pulse which can be seen from as far as Wollongong. 
The hill is one of the highest points of the escarpment, the highest being Mount Murray at , to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20548769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548769" title="Puerta Bab al-Mardum">
Puerta Bab al-Mardum

The Puerta Bab al-Mardum, or Puerta de Valmardón, is a city gate of Toledo, Spain. It was built in the 10th century and is probably the oldest gate of the city. Its name 'mardum' is Arabic for 'blocked up'. Perhaps because its function was taken over by the Puerta del Sol. The Spanish name Valmardón is a rough, phonetic imitation of the Arabic. 'Mezquita Bab al-Mardum' is another name for the nearby Mosque of Cristo de la Luz.

</doc>
<doc id="20548798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548798" title="Club Olímpico de Totana">
Club Olímpico de Totana

Club Olímpico de Totana is a Spanish football team from Totana, Region of Murcia. It was founded on 1961. They plays currently (2012–13 season) in Tercera División.
History.
Founded in 1961. In the 1980-1981 season, they debuted in Tercera División.

</doc>
<doc id="20548817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548817" title="Brokers Nose">
Brokers Nose

Brokers Point or Brokers Nose or Corrimal Peak or Brokers Peak, is a point on the Illawarra Range, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. 
Location and features.
With an elevation of approximately AMSL, Brokers Nose, as it is more commonly known as, is located about west of and about south-west of . At its summit there is a television transmission tower. There is a track leading to the top but both track and summit are open to the public; the summit is protected as part of the Illawarra Escarpment State Recreation Area. 
Etymology.
The name is vague in its origins and there are three possible explanations for it. One tells that an early settler named Brooker was the origin, the second that poor miners would take their families up to the summit for picnics, and they were brokers (poor people), and the third says that the cliff outcrop resembles the nose of a broker.

</doc>
<doc id="20548857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548857" title="The Gay Anties">
The Gay Anties

The Gay Anties is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short, produced by Warner Bros., directed by Friz Freleng and written by Michael Maltese and Tedd Pierce, and released February 15, 1947.
Plot.
A colony of ants surreptitiously invade a young couple's park picnic in the 1890s and contrive to steal their food. The gags include a scene in which the ants, frustrated three times in their efforts to make off with a sandwich, spread mustard on the back of the girlfriend's hand and trick the boyfriend into biting it, and one in which a female ant sings an overly melodramatic song ("Time Waits for No One") which gets the other ants to run for cover.

</doc>
<doc id="20548859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548859" title="Sublime Point">
Sublime Point

Sublime Point is a feature of the Illawarra Escarpment west of Austinmer. It is a summit on the plateau edge where the escarpment turns to go in a more northerly direction from a more northeasterly direction.
The summit has a cafe and lookout and is visited regularly. Sublime Point Lookout may be reached by road from the Princes Highway above Austinmer, or by a walking track from Austinmer and Thirroul.
The name also applies to several less well known geographical features in Australia, including one in the Blue Mountains, and several places across the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20548897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548897" title="Hoddles Track">
Hoddles Track

Hoddles Track is a track west of Kiama, New South Wales that goes from the summit of Saddleback Mountain west along a high ridge and then south to Foxground. It was named and created by Surveyor Robert Hoddle, and a plaque tells of its story atop Saddleback Mountain. It originally was used to convey produce to Kiama for shipping and stretched west to Bowral but after a better route over the escarpment was found it went derelict and now only a small portion remains, which is open for bushwalking. The track near the summit of Saddleback Mountain is very steep. Also near the summit it passes through remnant rainforest, which once covered the coastal plain.

</doc>
<doc id="20548903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548903" title="Simon Harrison">
Simon Harrison

Simon Harrison (born 6 September 1969 in Northampton) is a British racing driver who most notably won three British Saloon Car Championships in 1994, 1999 and 2001.
His career spanned 23 years and saw Harrison progress from winning his local karting championship at his first attempt, right the way through to being a professional driver in the World Touring Car Championship.
Harrison is best known for his time as a Peugeot factory driver in the 1995 British Touring Car Championship driving a 405 Mi16. He secured this high profile drive after a very successful first season in saloons, winning the National Saloon Car Championship as part of the Team Castrol Honda scholarship squad. Prior to making the switch to saloons, Harrison had enjoyed considerable success in single seaters and had even been nominated for the prestigious McLaren Autosport Young Driver of the Year Award.
Single seater career.
A difficulty in securing the backing to make the progression into Formula 3 encouraged Harrison to try out of the Team Castol Honda scholarship, a successful manufacturer backed scheme which aimed to find young touring car stars. Harrison secured a place in the three car team, won the first round of the championship and subsequently lead the championship from start to finish.
Personal life.
Harrison made the decision to retire at the end of the 2004 season in order to concentrate on a new passion, motor sport filming. He is now the Managing Director of Circuit Pro Ltd, a specialist motor manufacturer and motor sport filming company.

</doc>
<doc id="20548913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548913" title="Slappy and the Stinkers">
Slappy and the Stinkers

Slappy and the Stinkers is a 1998 adventure/comedy film directed by Barnet Kellman. The film stars B.D. Wong and Bronson Pinchot.
Plot.
The film takes place at prestigious private school, Dartmoor Academy, where the uptight principal, Morgan Brinway (B.D. Wong) is forcing the second-graders to study opera appreciation. Five feisty kids (leader Sonny, contraption making Loaf, movie loving Domino, sympathetic albeit tough Lucy, and the reluctant participating Witz), nicknamed the "Stinkers" by Mr. Brinway, are secretly skipping class to create chaos on the school grounds. Witz becomes the test pilot for a flying chair, one of Sonny's newest ideas. The Stinkers go to Groundskeeper Roy's (Bronson Pinchot) shed and they steal his leaf blower. Before that, they stole Mr. Brinway's desk chair for the experiment to work. While they are getting ready to test the flying ride, the Stinkers fail to notice that the leaf blower was not entirely duct taped onto the desk chair. When turned it on, the leaf blower flew off the contraption but left Witz sitting in the chair. The leaf blower was heading straight for Mr. Brinway's new convertible, but luckily the leaf blower ran out of gas before it destroyed the car (during the chaos, Mr. Brinway learned of the Stinker's plan and tried to intervene). However, Roy accidentally obliterates the car's side door with his lawn mower blade, causing several thousand dollars of automobile body damage. The Stinkers are then taken to Mr. Brinway's office for punishment. Although he warns them that they would be expelled if they mess up one more time, they soon rebel while trying to keep a low profile and are involved in even more zany misadventures. 
When the kids discover sea lion Slappy during an aquarium field trip, Sonny and the others decide to free him (like Willy from "Free Willy") by smuggling him back onto the school bus and hide him in Mr. Brinway's hot tub at his house; as a form of celebrating their success, they order fish and chips and have a little party. After Mr. Brinway arrives home earlier than usual, the Stinkers quickly retrieve Slappy unbeknownst to Mr. Brinway and hide Slappy at Witz's house. During this time, Roy mistakes the sea lion for a giant gopher and sets out to kill him, but to no avail. Animal thief Anthony Boccoli (Sam McMurray) plans to make off with Slappy so he could to sell him to a Bulgarian circus, but before he could do that he must capture the sea lion after originally trying to buy it from a corrupt aquarium employee.
The next day, the Stinkers take Slappy with them to the beach so they can set him free, but Slappy refuses to leave. After trying numerous attempts to get the sea lion in the water, the kids discover that there was an orca swimming nearby and, since orcas eat sea lions, that's why Slappy didn't want to go in the water and refuses to leave them. Sonny then decides they should return Slappy back to the aquarium after they attend a festival for parents and their kids back at Dartmoor. After Roy discovers Slappy, he tries to dispose of him which causes the festival attractions to get ruined almost immediately. Assuming this was caused by the Stinkers, Mr. Brinway expels them. The Stinkers then discover that Boccoli kidnapped Slappy and his plans to do with him, which prompts the kids to set off on a rescue mission. 
The group locate Boccoli's hideout and quickly dispose of him by squirting him with water, blowing sawdust onto his body, and shooting him with Roy's gopher bomb gun. But after saving Slappy, the Stinkers get chased by Boccoli who plans to kill them all. Meanwhile, Mr. Brinway and the class go on a hiking field trip to look at birds, which gets interrupted when the Stinkers crash through and Mr. Brinway becomes part of the getaway. After being chased to a log flume, the Stinkers and Mr. Brinway escape Boccoli by going down it; Boccoli tries to drown the group by turning on the flume, but the water is blocked by a beaver's nest and once he removes it (while getting bit by a beaver in the process), the water splashes him and he slides down the spillway. The Stinkers, Slappy, and Mr. Brinway safely land into the lake below, whereas Boccoli falls onto a floating log. Roy, who is also the school bus driver, ties a rope around Boccoli, whom the latter presumably gets arrested. Slappy is returned to the aquarium, Mr. Brinway withdraws the Stinkers' expulsion, and the Stinkers themselves become heroes.
Reception.
The film received mixed to generally negative reviews from critics and has a 0% "rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes. However, the film fared better with audiences with a 62% "fresh" rating.

</doc>
<doc id="20548928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548928" title="Coolangatta Mountain">
Coolangatta Mountain

Coolangatta Mountain is a small mountain rising from the Shoalhaven River Plain in New South Wales. It rises to about 300 metres above sea level and is not open to the public. It is covered in remnant bushland and is easily visible from Saddleback Mountain. It is named after an early settlement on the banks of the Shoalhaven known as Coolangatta and is only indirectly related to the better-known Coolangatta, Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="20548948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20548948" title="Italian record progression 100 metres freestyle">
Italian record progression 100 metres freestyle


</doc>
<doc id="20549009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549009" title="Richardson International">
Richardson International

Richardson International is a privately held Canadian agricultural and food industry company headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It operates a network of grain handling facilities in the Canadian Prairies under the brand Richardson Pioneer, as well as port terminals in five cities. Richardson Oilseed Processing processes seed plants for oils, and Richardson Nutrition markets canola products, including under the consumer brand "Canola Harvest".
Richardson International is a subsidiary of James Richardson & Sons, Limited, established in 1857. In addition to Richardson International, James Richardson & Sons manages financial services through Richardson Financial Group, property management through Richardson Center Limited, and oil and gas exploration through Tundra Oil & Gas Partnership. Richardson Financial Group consists of two operating divisions, Richardson Partners Financial Limited, and Richardson Capital. In 2009, Richardson Partners Financial merged with GMP Private Client to form Richardson GMP, a wealth management and investment services firm.
Richardson International was involved in a bidding war with Saskatchewan Wheat Pool over the purchase of Agricore United in 2007. Although unsuccessful, through the deal Richardson acquired grain elevators in Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Alberta, and was paid a $35 million termination fee from Agricore.

</doc>
<doc id="20549071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549071" title="Saint-Pierre-le-Jeune Protestant Church">
Saint-Pierre-le-Jeune Protestant Church

The Saint-Pierre-le-Jeune Protestant Church ("Église protestante Saint-Pierre-le-Jeune")
The church has been Lutheran since 1524 and its congregation forms part of the Protestant Church of Augsburg Confession of Alsace and Lorraine. It is located on the "Route Romane d'Alsace".
Architecture and furnishings.
An organ built in 1762 by Johann Andreas Silbermann in the Catholic part of the two-part church of that time was transferred in 1865 to the St. Moriz Church of the parish of Soultz-les-Bains. There, it has been restored to its 1848 condition, a compromise between the original baroque Silbermann settings and the later Romantic tone and harmonic extensions, by the family of Alfred Kern & fils between 2006 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20549104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549104" title="Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel">
Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel

Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel (né Schäfer, born 1 October 1969, Oberstdorf, Germany) is a German politician of the SPD.
He is currently the leader of the opposition SPD party bloc in the Hessian state parliament. He lost his bid for the office of minister-president of Hesse in the January 2009 Hessian state election, where he had challenged incumbent Roland Koch (CDU).
Life.
Schäfer-Gümbel was born to a West German soldier stationed in the far south of Bavaria in Oberstdorf. However, he grew up in Hesse in the city of Gießen. He briefly studied Agrarian Science at Justus-Liebig-University Gießen, after which he changed to Political Science. He graduated with a Master's degree in 1997, he took various minor political positions. He is married and has three children.
Career.
Schäfer-Gümbel was involved with the Social and Youth department of Gießen from the late 1990s. He became a local adviser to the SPD, a party which he had joined at the age of 17, and was also a local delegate of the SPD in the local government (Kreistag) in Gießen. He quickly moved up the ranks in the Hessian SPD party machine, and was a candidate on the SPD party list during the 2003 Landtag election. He gained a seat in 2003, and has been a member of the Hessian Landtag ever since. He was re-elected in the 2008 Landtag election and in the 2009 special election; however he was elected as part of the party list and not on a direct mandate, as he lost his local race to the CDU candidate.
In late 2008, following the Hessian political crisis and Andrea Ypsilanti's resignation, he became the SPD's party leader in Hesse and the SPD candidate for minister-president of Hesse. Due to the poor faring by the SPD in the 2009 special election, he lost position to the CDU's Roland Koch. He has been party leader of the opposition SPD since January 29, 2009.
Schäfer-Gümbel has openly supported the trotskyist Hands Off Venezuela campaign, and has spoken highly of former Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez.

</doc>
<doc id="20549161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549161" title="De obsessione Dunelmi">
De obsessione Dunelmi

De obsessione Dunelmi ("On the siege of Durham"), is a historical work written in the north of England during the Anglo-Norman period, almost certainly at Durham, and probably in either the late 11th- or early 12th-century. 
Provenance.
The text survives in only one manuscript, "Cambridge University Library, Ff. i.27" (also called "Cambridge, Corpus Christi College, MS 139"). In its surviving form, it was written down between 1161 and 1167. The manuscript was at Sawley Abbey, Lancashire by the late 12th century. Derek Baker in 1975 argued that it was probably compiled at Fountains Abbey. M. R. James had argued in 1912 that the manuscript was compiled at Hexham, Northumberland. Theodor Mommsen in 1898, Peter Hunter Blair in 1963 and David Dumville in 1974 (repeated in 1990) argued that the compilation took place at Sawley.
It is almost certain, however, that the text predates its transcription into the Cambridge MS. Bernard Meehan argued that the bulk of the text was composed between 1073 and 1076, before the execution of Earl Waltheof (1076) but after the date of a massacre at Settrington (1073). This is largely on the basis that Waltheof's death goes unrelated, an argument that Morris attacked by pointing out that such things were not important for this particular text, noting other great figures mentioned whose deaths also go unrelated. Morris, for a variety of reasons, favoured a date inside the first two decades of the 12th-century, though he conceded that a date in the 1070s was a possibility.
The source which resembles "De obsessione Dunelmi" most is a letter, immediately preceding "De obsessione Dunhelmi" in the manuscript, written by Symeon of Durham to Hugh, Dean of York Cathedral. Both sources open with similar dating clauses and share a similar style, and it is possible that "De obsessione Dunelmi" was originally a letter too. A 16th-century incipit in the manuscript attributes the work to Symeon of Durham, though this is too late to be reliable. It is of however of note that Dean Hugh, when he resigned his deanship in 1135, retired to Fountains Abbey, supposedly taking with him a collection of books.
Historical account.
The text of "De Obsessione Dunelmi" describes, among other things, the history of 11th-century Northumbria, the career of the earls of Bamburgh along with their blood feud against Thurbrand the Hold and his descendants. It contains many incidental claims and assertions, is the only source for a large proportion of such claims. 
The historian Antonia Gransden viewed it as a biography of Earl Uhtred and described it as the first known attempt to write a history of an English earldom. The "main story" however according to the text itself is the history of six manors belonging, rightfully it is asserted, to the diocese of Durham; the accounts tells how these were transferred several times during the course of the events described. The six manors are:
The story begins with a Scottish invasion (placed, incredibly, in 969) by Máel Coluim mac Cináeda. The Scots devastate the whole of Northumbria while the elderly Waltheof is shut up in Bamburgh. Ealdhun, Bishop of Durham, gives his daughter Ecgfrida to Waltheof's son Uhtred, along with the six manors, the latter given only so long as Uhtred remains married to Ecgfrida. 
Uhtred defeats the Scots, and is given the earldoms of Bamburgh and York as a reward. He proceeds to divorce Ecgfrida in favour of Sige, daughter of Styr, with Bishop Ealdhun supposedly regaining his six vills. The condition of the marriage to Sige is that Uhtred kill Thurbrand, an enemy of Styr. Uhtred then marries Ælfgifu, daughter of King Æthelred the Unready. The text relates that their daughter, Ealdgyth, married a thegn called Maldred son of Crinan, to whom she bore Gospatric, the father of Dolfin, Waltheof and Gospatric. 
Ecgfrida is subsequently married off to Kilvert, son of Ligulf, a thegn from Yorkshire, through whom she mothers a daughter named Sigrid. Sigrid marries Arkil son of Ecgfrith, and they have a son named Gospatric. This Gospatric is said to have married a daughter of Dolfin son of Torfin, producing a son also called, once again, Gospatric. It is related that this last Gospatric "recently" fought a man named Waltheof son of Ælfsige. It is further related however that Kilvert divorced Ecgfrida, and Ecgfrida returned to Ealdhun with Barmpton, Skirningham and Elton, and retired to a monastery.
At this point the text returns to Uhtred. Cnut and Swegn of Denmark invade England and ask for Uhtred's help against Æthelred, but the earl remains loyal to the English king. After Swegn and Cnut are victorious, they demand Uhtred's fealty. When Uhtred travels to deliver it at a place called "Wiheal", he is murdered by Thurbrand, the man he had earlier pledged to kill in order to marry Sige. 
The story moves on to the succession of Eadulf Cudel, mentioning that the latter ceded Lothian to the Scots out of fear, before resuming the story of the bloodfeud. Eadulf's successor, Ealdred, kills Thurbrand and finds himself in conflict with Thurbrand's son, Carl, until they agree to go to Rome together on pilgrimage. Carl however betrays Ealdred and murders him in a forest called Risewood. Later, Ealdred's grandson Waltheof II gets revenge by massacring Carl's sons while they are feasting at a house in Settrington. The narrative then moves back to "the main story" and finishes by relating the disputes and claims that emerge over the six manors.

</doc>
<doc id="20549194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549194" title="Macrochlamys indica">
Macrochlamys indica

Macrochlamys indica is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries including:
This species has not yet become established in the USA, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.
Shell description.
The shell is perforate, depressed, smooth, polished throughout, translucent, pale brownish tawny, not distinctly striated, but with microscopic longitudinal impressed lines, slightly flexuous and not close together. The spire is low, conoid. The suture is slightly impressed. The shell has 5.5 whorls, that are slightly convex above. The last whorl is not descending. The last whorl is rounded at the periphery and moderately convex beneath.
The aperture is slightly oblique and broadly lunate. The peristome is thin in one plane, with columellar margin is curved, oblique, never quite vertical, carried forward and briefly reflected above.
The width of the shell is 16-18.5 mm. The height of the shell is 8.5 mm.
Anatomy.
The animal is purplish grey not black, elongate. The right shell-lobe is small, the left is narrowly reflected over the edge of the peristome, and at the basal side gives off a short tongue-like process. The right dorsal lobe is narrow and elongate, the left in two distinct portions.
In the genitalia is a moderately long cylindrical blunt kalc-sac is given off at the junction of the vas deferens, and the caecum of the penis, to which the retractor muscle is attached, is sharply coiled. The dart-sac is long, the spermatheca short and elongately pearshaped.
The radula contains about 88 rows of teeth, with the arrangement: 34.2.9.1.9.2.34 (45.1.45).
References.
The article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="20549223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549223" title="2008–09 Japan Figure Skating Championships">
2008–09 Japan Figure Skating Championships

The 2008–2009 Japan Figure Skating Championships will be the Japan Figure Skating Championships for the 2008-2009 figure skating season. They will be the 77th edition of the Japan Figure Skating Championships. Skaters will compete in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing on the senior level for the title of national champion of Japan. In addition, the event will also be used to choose the Japanese teams to the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships and the 2009 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships. The Japanese team to the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships was chosen at the Japanese Junior Championships.
The 2008-2009 championships will take place between December 25 and 27, 2008 in the Big Hat arena in Nagano.
Japan Junior Figure Skating Championships.
The 2008-2009 Japan Junior Figure Skating Championships were the Japanese National Championships for the Junior level for the 2008-2009 season. They took place in Nagoya from November 23 through 24, 2008. The results of this competition were used to choose the Japanese team to the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.
The following skaters placed high enough at Novice Nationals and so were invited to compete at Junior Nationals: Sei Kawahara (first in novices, eleventh in juniors) and Hiroaki Sato (second in novices, twenty-seventh in juniors) for the men; and Miu Sato (first in novices, twenty-fifth in juniors), Mao Watanabe (second in novices, thirtieth in juniors), Karen Kemanai (third in novices, seventh in juniors), and Risa Shoji (fourth in novices, twenty-ninth in juniors) for the ladies.
International Team Selections.
Following the Japanese Championships, the team to the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships, 2009 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, 2009 Winter Universiade were announced as:
World Junior Team.
Following the Japanese Junior Championships, the team to the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships was announced as:

</doc>
<doc id="20549234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549234" title="Camilla Herrem">
Camilla Herrem

Camilla Herrem (born 8 October 1986 in Sola) is a Norwegian female handball player who plays as a left wing for Byåsen HE and the Norwegian national team. 
On 22 January 2014, it was announced that Herrem (whose contract is due to expire in the summer) has put pen to paper on future 2-year contract with HCM Baia Mare of the Romanian Liga Naţională.
Personal life.
Since July 2013, she is married to Norwegian handballer, Steffen Stegavik.

</doc>
<doc id="20549261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549261" title="Starla and Sons">
Starla and Sons

Starla and Sons is a longform improv comedy group at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. The group was formed with five members in the fall of 2006. It is the second longform group in the university's history, and has performed about twice a month since its inception. The group currently has ten members, and performs fast-paced traditional longform forms like the Harold, Deconstruction, and Monoscene, as well as its own invention, the Starla.
In 2008, Starla and Sons hosted the first annual College Hill Longform Improv Festival (CHLIF), a 24-hour continual longform improv performance. Eleven college and professional groups, including ImprovBoston and Unexpected Company, performed in the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20549277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549277" title="Uganda Insurance Commission">
Uganda Insurance Commission

The Uganda Insurance Commission was established by an Act of Parliament in 1996. According to its website, the mandate of the commission is ""to supervise and regulate the insurance industry in Uganda."" Commission offices are located in Kampala; the position of Commissioner of Insurance is currently vacant.
Activities.
Responsibilities of the UIC include licensing of risk managers, loss assessors, loss adjusters, insurance surveyors and claims agents in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="20549280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549280" title="John Jordan (basketball)">
John Jordan (basketball)

John Jordan was an American basketball player and coach, best known for coaching the University of Notre Dame's men's basketball team from 1951 to 1964.
Jordan played basketball at Notre Dame in the 1930s and was a teammate of George Ireland, Moose Krause, and Ray Meyer. He was the captain of the Fighting Irish in 1935. After college, he took a coaching job at Mount Carmel High School in Chicago, and remained there until 1949. He spent the 1950–51 basketball season as coach at Loyola University Chicago, then took the reins at Notre Dame the following season. While at Notre Dame, Jordan recorded a 199-131 record and guided his players to five appearances in the NCAA Tournament.
After Jordan's coaching career ended, he worked in the Chicago Park District. He died in Oak Forest, Illinois at the age of 81 in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20549291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549291" title="Paul Crowell">
Paul Crowell

Paul A. Crowell is a Professor of Physics at the University of Minnesota, USA. His research specialties include spin dynamics and transport in ferromagnets and ferromagnet-semiconductor heterostructures. Crowell received his BA in Physics and Mathematics from Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania later earning his PhD in Physics from Cornell University in 1994. He is an honors undergraduate physics instructor and is the leader of a research group exploring "Spin Dynamics, Transport and Magneto-optics." 

</doc>
<doc id="20549301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549301" title="Paramesha Panwala">
Paramesha Panwala

Paramesha Panwala is a 2008 Kannada language film directed by Mahesh Babu, and produced by Aditya Babu. The film stars Shivrajkumar, Surveen Chawla in lead roles. music composed by V. Harikrishna. The film released nationwide on 5 December 2008. The film focuses on the relationship between a brother and sister. Sister's role is played by Sonu.
Reception.
This movie also suffered the same fate as of other recent movies by Shivaraj Kumar. Even though the film was hyped as usual, it did not fare well in box office.
Music.
The film has five songs composed by V. Harikrishna with the lyrics penned by V. Nagendra Prasad and Kaviraj.The audio of the film released on 10 November 2008, at Green House, Bangalore. Album was released by Raghavendra Rajkumar and journalist P.G. Srinivasamurthy.

</doc>
<doc id="20549307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549307" title="Gastric tonometry">
Gastric tonometry

Gastric tonometry describes the measurement of the carbon dioxide level inside the stomach in order to assess the degree of blood flow to the stomach and bowel.
The measurement of gut mucosal carbon dioxide has been used to detect decreased blood flow. Accumulation of carbon dioxide is predominantly a result of hypoperfusion and not hypoxia. Because the introduction of a nasogastric tube is almost routine in critically ill patients, the measurement of gastric carbon dioxide can be an easy method to monitor tissue perfusion. The gastric mucosal pH is measured according to an equation that assumes that arterial bicarbonate is equal to intramucosal bicarbonate, an argument that is not always valid. Given that the gastric mucosal carbon dioxide is the directly measured value, whereas the gastric mucosal pH is the derived and possibly inaccurate value, studies that used gastric pH to monitor perfusion may be inherently flawed. Most studies have failed to effectively affect gastric pH and for this reason failed to produce improvements in outcome. One study, by Gutierrez and colleagues, has shown that therapeutic interventions guided by gastric tonometry improved survival in critically ill patients. In a direct comparison of splanchnic-oriented therapy as guided by gastric tonometry with conventional shock management of trauma patients, there was no difference in mortality rates, organ dysfunction rates, or length of stay. After a surge in popularity, the use of gastric tonometry waned and it is currently found with less frequency in surgical ICUs.

</doc>
<doc id="20549314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549314" title="Hannibal Regional Airport">
Hannibal Regional Airport

Hannibal Regional Airport is a public use airport in Marion County, Missouri, United States. It is located four nautical miles (7 km) northwest of the central business district of Hannibal, Missouri, and is owned by the City of Hannibal. The airport is used for general aviation with no commercial airlines.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned HAE by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
History.
In 2003, the airport was renamed Hannibal Regional Airport, William P. Lear Field in honor of the inventor of the Lear Jet. It was originally known as Hannibal Municipal Airport.
Facilities and aircraft.
Hannibal Regional Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 769 feet (234 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with a concrete surface measuring 4,400 by 100 feet (1,341 x 30 m) with a concrete surface. Runway 17/35 has Runway End Identifier Lights (REIL) and Precision Approach Path Indicator (PAPI) lights on each runway end.
The airport originally had an asphalt runway that was x with no parallel taxiway. In 2002 the airport was completely shut down for almost 6 months while the old runway and apron were completely removed and a new concrete runway (4,400 x 100 ft.) was constructed. In addition to the new runway, a concrete full-length parallel taxiway was constructed, the apron was re-constructed with concrete, and a new hangar area was constructed.
Beginning in 2008, the airport's Fixed Based Operator (FBO) is Mike Barron of Barron Aviation Private Flight Services. Prior to that, Rodney Hilton managed the airport.
For the 12-month period ending August 9, 2007, the airport had 4,700 aircraft operations, an average of 12 per day: 79% general aviation and 21% air taxi. At that time there were 20 aircraft based at this airport: 90% single-engine, 5% multi-engine and 5% helicopter.
Plans.
The plans include extending the runway to 5,000 to allow small jets to use the airport. In addition, a new terminal building is planned for the airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20549324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549324" title="Wayne Haylen">
Wayne Haylen

Wayne Roger Haylen QC is a Judge of the New South Wales Industrial Court(i).
Education.
Wayne Haylen was educated at Canterbury Boys High School(ii) before attending the University of Sydney. He founded the Youth Campaign Against Conscription and in September 1965 took the initiative in regular mass demonstrations against the war and conscription(iii), he was photographed burning his national service registration card at a rally in Belmore Park Sydney on 3 February 1966(iv). A BA was conferred in 1967 and a LLB in 1971(v).
Career.
Wayne Haylen was admitted to the Bar in 1976 (vi) and practised as a barrister in Sydney (14th Floor Wardell Chambers)(vii), H.B. Higgins Chambers and Denman Chambers until 2001(viii).
He also had Chambers in Melbourne (Evatt Floor, Douglas Menzies Chambers) and has been admitted in Victoria, Queensland and Western Australia(ix). In 1990 he was admitted to the Inner Bar (NSW).
At the Bar his main areas of practise were Industrial Law; Administrative Law; Anti-Discrimination and Legal Professional Standards & Discipline(x).
Haylen J became a Judge of the Industrial Court of New South Wales in 2001, he is also a Deputy President Member, Industrial Court of NSW(xi).
Haylen J was appointed by the NSW Attorney-General, John Hatzistergos to part-time deputy president of the Administrative Decisions Tribunal and head of the tribunal's legal services division in 2008(xii).
Family and Social Matters.
He married Joan Evatt in 1973 and they have a son and daughter(xiii).
Committees.
Member Racing Appeals Tribunal 2002–present. Member Harness Racing Appeals Tribunal 2003–present. Member Greyhound Racing Appeals Tribunal 2003–present. Member Racing Appeals Panel, NSW Thoroughbred Racing Board 1997-2001
Chairman Australian Consumers Association 1988-1994. Member Australian Consumers Association 1978 - 1994. Member Local Government Minister's Reform Task Force 1996-1999. Member NSW Privacy Committee 1981 to 1993. Member NSW Consumers Advisory Council established under the Consumer Protection Act and appointed by the Minister to represent the interests of consumers 1978-82(xiv).
Recreation.
Racing, Golf, Racehorse Breeding, Theatre(xv).
Honours.
1967 Certificate of Appreciation from the Commissioner of Police re the apprehension of a person convicted of shooting with intent to murder Rt Hon A A Calwell, Leader of the Opposition. 1977 Recipient of Queen's Silver Jubilee Medal
Professional Publications.
Editorial Board "Human Resources Law Bulletin" [1996-2001]. Co-Editor: "Mills - Federal Industrial Law" with M Moore
Consultant: "Mills - Federal Industrial Law" Reporter: "Australian Law Reports" [ 1976-1979.
References.
(i)[http://www.lawlink.nsw.gov.au/lawlink/irc/ll_irc.nsf/pages/IRC_about_us_members]
(ii)Interview from "Fathers and Sons" by Christine Williams (1996) HarperCollins
(iii)[http://members.optushome.com.au/spainter/Vietnam.html]
(iv)A Nation at War: Australian Politics, Society and Diplomacy During the Vietnam War 1965-1975 By P.G. Edwards (1997) Allen & Unwin, p. 83.
(v)Who's Who in Australia.
(vi)Who's Who in Australia.
(vii)Bar Brief No 91 February 2002 @ [http://archive.nswbar.asn.au/Professional/Publications/BarBrief/2002/feb.pdf].
(viii)[http://www.denmanchambers.com.au/about.htm].
(ix)Who's Who in Australia.
(x)[http://www.denmanchambers.com.au/about.htm].
(xi)[http://www.lawlink.nsw.gov.au/lawlink/irc/ll_irc.nsf/pages/IRC_about_us_member].
(xii)[http://www.smh.com.au/news/opinion/quick-runaround-in-legal-circles-to-stay-on-the-spot/2008/07/10/1215658033665.html].
(xiii)Who's Who in Australia.
(xiv)Who's Who in Australia.
(xv)Who's Who in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="20549329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549329" title="Luis Fernández (actor)">
Luis Fernández (actor)

Luis Eduardo Fernández Oliva (born 14 March 1967 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan actor, writer, producer and director. He started his career on stage at age 16, to film, television, radio and publishing. Fernández has won several acting awards, and recently has published several books, comprising the series "Sexo Sentido" ("The Sex Sense"), that have been best-sellers in his native Venezuela. 
He developed his directorial skills on stage and his directorial debut in filmmaking was with the short film "Blue Sky" produced at the New York Film Academy, which has been selected to the official competition in several international film festivals. He has performed for over three years his own stand-up show "It's not you, it's me" ("No eres tú, soy yo"), recording over 600 performances.
Fernández is also an architect, having graduated in 1991 from the Universidad Simón Bolívar, in Caracas, and the Graduate School of Design at Harvard. He is married to the Venezuelan actress Mimí Lazo.
Film.
Leading Roles.
Best Film, Los Angeles Latino Film Festival, 2000.
Official Selection, Sundance Film Festival, 1995.
National Cinematographic Award, Best Actor, 1992.
Television.
Leading Roles.
National Artist’s Award, Best Actor, 1999.
National Artist’s Award, Best Actor, 1994.
Meridiano de Oro, Best Actor, 1993.
National Artist’s Award, Best Young Actor, 1992.
Theater.
Director/Producer.
Selection at the Bogota’s International Theater Festival, 2008.
Opening Show, Caracas International Theater Festival, 2008.
Other leading roles.
Municipal Award, Best Actor, 1992.
Radio.
For over three years Fernández was the creator and host of the radio show "The Sex Sense", that premiered in May 2004 to become an audience phenomenon on Venezuelan radio. Fernández interviewed more than one thousand successful professional women from Venezuela, Latin America and Spain. This show became the basis of his on-going stand-up show "It’s not you, it’s me" that has been seen by over 500,000 audience members in more than 400 performances since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20549342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549342" title="Vorontsov-Vel'yaminov Interacting Galaxies">
Vorontsov-Vel'yaminov Interacting Galaxies

Vorontsov-Vel'yaminov Interacting Galaxies are those included in the Atlas and Catalogue of Interacting Galaxies, by B.A. Vorontsov-Vel'yaminov, R.I. Noskova and V.P. Arkhipova. It was published by the Astronomical Council of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR.
The atlas and catalogue contain 852 interacting systems. The first part published in 1959 contained 355 interacting galaxies numbered VV1 through VV355, and the second part published in the 1970s included those numbered VV356 through VV852. In 2001, an additional 1162 objects were added from the Morphological Catalogue of Galaxies by Vorontsov-Vel'yaminov et al. These objects have numbers ranging from VV853 to VV2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20549352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549352" title="Ethanol fuel in Hawaii">
Ethanol fuel in Hawaii

Ethanol is not presently manufactured in Hawaii and Hawaii State law requires all gasoline sold for vehicles to have up to 10% (signs at pumps indicate "up to" and not 10%) ethanol blended (E-10). No E-85 (85% ethanol) is yet sold for flex fuel use. Presently, over of ethanol are imported from the Caribbean or continental US. Shipping costs, which amount to 20 to 30 cents per gallon, are passed on to the consumer.
Local production proposals.
Several companies registered to make ethanol over 3 years ago in Hawaii, but none had started construction as of 2008/9. The two sugar cane plantations are expected to make ethanol, but only Gay and Robinson on Kauai plan to stop sugar operations to make ethanol, using two processes. The first technology is fermentation of a faster growing cane and secondary process employs Clear Fuels cellulosic process from the waste (bagasse) of the first process. Enough ethanol is expected to be made for Kauai's use, but it must be shipped to Oahu for blending and returned for sale .
University of Hawaii Algae Research.
The University of Hawaii is researching thermophilic algae by La Wahie to make ethanol. Sun makes algae grow faster in the tropics and animal feed may be available from cane leftovers. is absorbed by the catalyst.
Big Island proposal.
Several other ideas have come forward with agricultural basis on the island of Hawaii where former cane fields lie fallow. One company wants to use the wood grown in old cane areas that were planted with eucalyptus. High costs are an obstacle.
City of Honolulu.
The City of Honolulu has incinerated garbage to produce electricity (h-power) since 1992. It presently handles about half of the island's garbage and green waste. A new boiler is projected to cost $65,000,000. The 2 old boilers are down often for repair.
Kimo Sutton and Diamond Head Renewables.
Diamond Head Renewable Resources LLC (DHRR), proposes to make alcohol fuels, including ethanol, from garbage, biomass and green waste. The projected conversion of waste to fuel is needed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. They are also considering landfill methane as a feedstock for making ethanol. The plant makes a syngas (synthesis gas) that is converted by catalysts to fuels. Syngas can be burned to generate electricity. The plant is expected to produce over 10 megawatts of power, for its own use and for the grid. Net reductions of approximately 74,000 tons of are available using 10% biofuels.
The plant is expected to use 350 dry tons a day to make product and electricity, producing 12 million gallons of a mix of ethanol, methanol and other alcohols a year, growing to 40. This process and technology is similar to the Clear Fuels proposal, without the sugar to ethanol element.
Tax benefits and constraints.
Food-based ethanol projects have had financial difficulty, because the incentives from the Farm act of 2008 emphasize cellulosic biomass to ethanol. Incentives include a $1/gallon tax credit, loan guarantees, and grants or funds available for small operations. State incentives include tax incentives and a business development department. Second generation ethanol is a priority for permitting by health officials.
A 100% state tax credit for high tech and new generation ethanol may be reduced or abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="20549353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549353" title="Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts">
Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts

The Ontario Scotties Tournament of Hearts is the Ontario provincial curling championship for women's curling. The winning team represents the province at the national Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
National champions are indicated in bold. Teams from Northern Ontario are indicated in "italics". National champions get an automatic bye into the following years' national championships, so they cannot defend their provincial championship. A national championship has been held since 1962, although the provincial women's championship has been held since 1956. 

</doc>
<doc id="20549371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549371" title="Miles per gallon gasoline equivalent">
Miles per gallon gasoline equivalent

Miles per gallon gasoline equivalent (MPGe or MPGge) is a measure of the average distance traveled per unit of energy consumed. MPGe is used by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to compare energy consumption of alternative fuel vehicles, plug-in electric vehicles and other advanced technology vehicles with the fuel economy of conventional internal combustion vehicles expressed as miles per US gallon.
The MPGe metric was introduced in November 2010 by EPA in the Monroney label of the Nissan Leaf electric car and the Chevrolet Volt plug-in hybrid. The ratings are based on EPA's formula, in which 33.7 kilowatt hours of electricity is equivalent to one gallon of gasoline, and the energy consumption of each vehicle during simulating varying driving conditions. All new cars and light-duty trucks sold in the U.S. are required to have this label showing the EPA's estimate of fuel economy of the vehicle.
In a joint ruling issued in May 2011 the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and EPA established the new requirements for a fuel economy and environment label that is mandatory for all new passenger cars and trucks starting with model year 2013. This ruling uses miles per gallon gasoline equivalent for all fuel and advanced technology vehicles available in the U.S. market including plug-in hybrids, electric vehicles, flexible-fuel vehicles, hydrogen fuel cell vehicle, natural gas vehicles, diesel-powered vehicles, and gasoline-powered vehicles. In addition to being displayed on new vehicles, fuel economy ratings are used by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to publish the annual Fuel Economy Guide; the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) to administer the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) program; and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to collect gas guzzler taxes.
Fuel economy estimates for window stickers and CAFE standard compliance are different. The EPA MPGe rating shown in the Monroney label is based on the consumption of the on-board energy content stored in the fuel tank or in the vehicle's battery, or any other energy source, and only represents the tank-to-wheel energy consumption. CAFE estimates are based on a well-to-wheel basis and in the case of liquid fuels and electric drive vehicles also account for the energy consumed upstream to produce the fuel or electricity and deliver it to the vehicle. Fuel economy for CAFE purposes include an incentive adjustment for alternative fuel vehicles and plug-in electric vehicles which results in higher MPGe than those estimated for window stickers.
Background.
1988: Alternative Motor Fuels Act.
The Alternative Motor Fuels Act (AMFA) enacted in 1988 provides Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) incentives for the manufacture of vehicles that use ethanol, methanol, or natural gas fuels, either powered exclusively on these alternative fuels or in conjunction with gasoline or diesel fuel, such flexible-fuel vehicles. In order to provide incentives for the widespread use of these fuels and to promote the production of alternative fuel vehicles, AMFA allows manufacturers producing alternative fuel vehicles to gain CAFE credits by manufacturing these vehicles, which allows them to raise their overall fleet fuel economy levels to comply with the CAFE standards until the established cap level.
Beginning in 1993, manufacturers of qualified alternative fuel vehicles can benefit for their CAFE estimation, by computing the weighted average of the fuel economy of the produced alternative fuel vehicles by dividing the alcohol fuel economy by a factor of 0.15. As an example, a dedicated alternative fuel vehicle that would achieve 15 mpg fuel economy while operating on alcohol would have a CAFE calculated as follows:
FE = (1/0.15)(15) = 100 miles per gallon
For alternative dual-fuel vehicles, an assumption is made that the vehicles would operate 50% of the time on the alternative fuel and 50% of the time on conventional fuel, resulting in a fuel economy that is based on a harmonic average of alternative fuel and conventional fuel. For example, for an alternative dual-fuel model that achieves 15 miles per gallon operating on an alcohol fuel and 25 mpg on the conventional fuel, the resulting CAFE would be:
FE = 1 / [(0.5/25) + (0.5/100)] = 40 miles per gallon
Calculation of fuel economy for natural gas vehicles is similar. For the purposes of this calculation, the fuel economy is equal to the weighted average of the fuel economy while operating on natural gas and while operating on either gasoline or diesel fuel. AMFA specifies the energy equivalency of 100 cubic feet of natural gas to be equal to 0.823 gallons of gasoline, with the gallon equivalency of natural gas to be considered to have a fuel content, similar to that for alcohol fuels, equal to 0.15 gallons of fuel. For example, under this conversion and gallon equivalency, a dedicated natural gas vehicle that achieves 25 miles per 100 cubic feet of natural gas would have a CAFE value as follows:
FE = (25/100) x (100/0.823)(1/0.15) = 203 miles per gallon
The Energy Policy Act of 1992 expanded the definition of alternative fuel to include liquefied petroleum gas, hydrogen, liquid fuels derived from coal and biological materials, electricity and any other fuel that the Secretary of Transportation determines to be substantially non-petroleum based and has environmental and energy security benefits. Beginning in 1993, manufacturers of these other alternative fuel automobiles that meet the qualifying requirements can also benefit for special treatment in the calculation of their CAFE.
1994: Gasoline gallon equivalent.
In 1994 the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) introduced gasoline gallon equivalent (GGE) as a metric for fuel economy for natural gas vehicles. NIST defined a gasoline gallon equivalent (GGE) as 5.660 pounds of natural gas, and gasoline liter equivalent (GLE) as 0.678 kilograms of natural gas.
2000: Petroleum-equivalent fuel economy.
During the late 1990s and early 2000s several electric cars were produced in limited quantities as a result of the California Air Resources Board (CARB) mandate for more fuel-efficient zero-emissions vehicles. Popular models available in California included the General Motors EV1 and the Toyota RAV4 EV. The US DoE and EPA rating for on board energy efficiency for these electric vehicles was expressed as kilowatt-hour/mile (KWh/mi), the most commonly known metric in science and engineering for measuring energy consumption, and used as the billing unit for energy delivered to consumers by electric utilities.
In order to address the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) regulations mandated by the US Congress in 1975, the U.S. Department of Energy established in July 2000 a methodology for calculating the petroleum-equivalent fuel economy of electric vehicles on a well-to-wheel basis. The methodology considers the upstream efficiency of the processes involved in the two fuel cycles, including efficiency factors for petroleum refining and distribution, as well as the national average efficiency for electricity generation and transmission.
The formula also includes a fuel efficiency incentive factor of 1/0.15 to benefit electric vehicles. This reward factor is intended provide an incentive for vehicle manufactures to produce and sell electric vehicles, as a higher equivalent fuel economy for EVs improves the carmaker overall fleet fuel economy levels in complying with the CAFE standards, and Congress anticipated that such an incentive would help accelerate the commercialization of electric vehicles. The incentive factor chosen by DoE for EVs is the same 1/0.15 factor already applied in the regulatory treatment of other types of alternative fuel vehicles. When all factors are considered in DoE's formula, the energy efficiency or equivalent fuel economy of electric vehicles increases from 33,705 Wh/gallon (plug-to-wheel) to 82,049 Wh/gallon (well-to-wheel).
2007: X Prize.
In April 2007, as part of Draft Competition Guidelines released at the New York Auto Show, MPGe was announced as the main merit metric for the Progressive Insurance Automotive X Prize, a competition developed by the X Prize Foundation for super-efficient vehicles that can achieve at least 100 MPGe. In February 2009, "Consumer Reports" announced that, as part of a partnership with the X Prize Foundation, they planned to report MPGe as one of several measures that will help consumers understand and compare vehicle efficiency for alternative fuel vehicles.
2010–2011: Miles per gallon equivalent.
As required by the 2007 Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA), with the introduction of advanced-technology vehicles in the U.S. new information should be incorporated in the Monroney label of new cars and light-duty trucks sold in the country, such as ratings on fuel economy, greenhouse gas emissions, and other air pollutants. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) have conducted a series of studies to determine the best way to redesign this label to provide consumers with simple energy and environmental comparisons across all vehicles types, including battery electric vehicles (BEV), plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV), and conventional internal combustion engine vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel, in order to help consumers choose more efficient and environmentally friendly vehicles. These changes are proposed to be introduced in new vehicles beginning with model year 2012.
As part of the research and redesign process, EPA conducted focus groups where participants were presented with several options to express the consumption of electricity for plug-in electric vehicles. The research showed that participants did not understand the concept of a kilowatt hour as a measure of electric energy use despite the use of this unit in their monthly electric bills. Instead, participants favored a miles per gallon equivalent, MPGe, as the metric to compare with the familiar miles per gallon used for gasoline vehicles. The research also concluded that the kW-hrs per 100 miles metric was more confusing to focus group participants compared to a miles per kW-hr. Based on these results, EPA decided to use the following fuel economy and fuel consumption metrics on the redesigned labels: MPG (city and highway, and combined); MPGe (city and highway, and combined); Gallons per 100 miles; kW-hrs per 100 miles.
The proposed design and final content for two options of the new sticker label that will be introduced in 2013 model year cars and trucks were consulted for 60 days with the public in 2010, and both include miles per gallon equivalent and kW-hrs per 100 miles as the fuel economy metrics for plug-in cars, but in one option MPGe and annual electricity cost are the two most prominent metrics. In November 2010, EPA introduced MPGe as comparison metric on its new sticker for fuel economy for the Nissan Leaf and the Chevrolet Volt.
In May 2011, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and EPA issued a joint final rule establishing new requirements for a fuel economy and environment label that is mandatory for all new passenger cars and trucks starting with model year 2013. The ruling includes new labels for alternative fuel and alternative propulsion vehicles available in the US market, such as plug-in hybrids, electric vehicles, flexible-fuel vehicles, hydrogen fuel cell vehicle, and natural gas vehicles. The common fuel economy metric adopted to allow the comparison of alternative fuel and advanced technology vehicles with conventional internal combustion engine vehicles is miles per gallon of gasoline equivalent (MPGe). A gallon of gasoline equivalent means the number of kilowatt-hours of electricity, cubic feet of compressed natural gas (CNG), or kilograms of hydrogen that is equal to the energy in a gallon of gasoline.
The new labels also show for the first time an estimate of how much fuel or electricity it takes to drive , introducing to U.S. consumers with fuel consumption per distance traveled, the metric commonly used in many other countries. EPA explained that the objective is to avoid the traditional miles per gallon metric that can be potentially misleading when consumers compare fuel economy improvements, and known as the "MPG illusion.".
Description.
The miles per gallon gasoline equivalent is based on the energy content of gasoline. The energy obtainable from burning one US gallon is . Thus one mile per gallon gasoline equivalent is equal to 115,000 BTU per mile.
For alternative fuels, energy required to manufacture the fuel may also be considered. For electrical power, the energy of any fuels used to generate the electricity and the transmission efficiency must be considered.
To convert the mile per gallon rating into other units of distance per unit energy used, the mile per gallon value can be multiplied by one of the following factors to obtain other units:
Conversion to MPGe.
MPGe is determined by converting the vehicle consumption per unit distance, as determined through computer modeling or completion of an actual driving cycle, from its native units into a gasoline energy equivalent. Examples of native units include W·h for electric vehicles, kg-H2 for hydrogen vehicles, gallons for biodiesel or liquefied natural gas vehicles, cubic feet for compressed natural gas vehicles, and pounds for propane or Liquefied petroleum gas vehicles. Special cases for specific alternative fuels are discussed below, but a general formula for MPGe is:
formula_1
For EPA, this considers the tank-to-wheel for liquids and wall-to-wheel energy consumption for electricity, i.e. it measures the energy for which the owner usually pays. For EVs the energy cost includes the conversions from AC to charge the battery. The EPA MPGe ratings displayed in window stickers do not account for the energy consumption upstream, which includes the energy or fuel required to generate the electricity or to extract and produce the liquid fuel; the energy losses due to power transmission; or the energy consumed for the transportation of the fuel from the well to the station.
Basic values for the energy content of various fuels are given by the defaults used in the Department of Energy GREET (Greenhouse gases, Regulated Emissions, and Energy used in Transportation) model, as follows:
Note: 1 KWH is equivalent to 3,412 BTU
The energy content of a particular fuel can vary somewhat given its specific chemistry and production method. For example, in the new efficiency ratings that have been developed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for battery electric vehicles (BEVs) and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) – see below – the energy content of a gallon of gasoline is assumed to be 114,984 BTUs.
Electric and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles.
Between 2008 and 2010 several major automakers began commercializing battery electric vehicles (BEVs), which are powered exclusively on electricity, and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs), which use electricity together with a liquid fuel stored in an on-board fuel tank, usually gasoline, but it might be also powered by diesel, ethanol, or flex-fuel engines.
For battery electric vehicles, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agencys formula to calculate the battery-to wheel MPGe is based on energy standards established by the U.S. Department of Energy in 2000:
where
The formula employed by the EPA for calculating their rated MPGe does not account for any fuel or energy consumed upstream such as the generation and transmission of electrical power, or well-to-wheel life cycle, as EPA's comparison with internal combustion vehicles is made on a tank-to-wheel versus battery-to wheel basis.
The California Air Resources Board uses a different dynamometer testing than EPA, and considers reformulated gasoline sold in that state. For CARB estimates the formula becomes:
The new SAE J1711 standard for measuring the exhaust emissions and fuel economy of hybrid electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids was approved in July 2010. The recommended procedures for PHEVs were revised at Argonne National Laboratory, and EPA's new regulation to define PHEV fuel economy reporting protocol is expected to be based on SAE J1711. In November 2010 EPA decided to rate electric mode and gasoline only mode separately, and these are the two figures prominently displayed in the window sticker of the 2011 Chevrolet Volt. In electric mode the Volt's rating is estimated with the same formula as an electric car. The overall or composite fuel economy rating combining electricity and gasoline powered are displayed in the Monroney label in a much smaller type, and as part of the comparison of the Volt's fuel economy among all vehicles and within compact cars. EPA has considered several methodologies for rating the overall fuel economy of PHEVs, but as of February 2011 EPA has not announced the final methodology that will be applied for the purposes of estimating the new manufacture's 2012-2016 Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) credits for plug-in hybrids.
Examples.
In November 2010 the EPA began including "MPGe" in its new sticker for fuel economy and environmental comparisons. The EPA rated the Nissan Leaf electric car with a combined fuel economy of 99 MPGe, and rated the Chevrolet Volt plug-in hybrid with a combined fuel economy of 93 MPGe in all-electric mode, 37 MPG when operating with gasoline only, and an overall fuel economy rating of 60 mpg-US (3.9 L/100 km) combining power from electricity and gasoline. For both vehicles EPA calculated the MPGe rating under its five-cycle tests using the formula displayed earlier with a conversion factor of 33.7 kW-hr of electricity being the energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline.
All-electric cars.
The following table compares EPA's fuel economy expressed in miles per gallon gasoline equivalent (MPGe) and out-of-pocket fuel costs for 14 series production all-electric cars for model years 2011-14 rated by the EPA by April 2013, versus EPA rated most fuel efficient plug-in hybrid, the Chevrolet Volt, and the most efficient gasoline-electric hybrid car, the Toyota Prius third generation. The table also shows, when available the fuel efficiency expressed as KW-hrs/100 mile, the metric used by EPA to rate electric cars before November 2010.
Plug-in hybrids.
The following table compares EPA's estimated out-of-pocket fuel costs and fuel economy ratings of seven serial production plug-in hybrid electric vehicles rated by EPA by January 2013 versus the most fuel efficient gasoline-electric hybrid car, the 2010-13 Toyota Prius third generation, and EPA's average new 2013 vehicle, which has a fuel economy of . The table also shows the fuel efficiency for plug-in hybrids in all-electric mode expressed as KW-hrs/100 mile, the metric used by EPA to rate electric cars before November 2010.
Conversion using GGE.
The same method can be applied to any other alternative fuel vehicle when that vehicle's energy consumption is known. Generally the energy consumption of the vehicle is expressed in units other than W·h/mile, or Btu/mile so additional arithmetic is required to convert to a gasoline gallon equivalent (GGE) of 115,000 BTU/mile.
Hydrogen example with GGE.
The 2008 Honda FCX Clarity is advertised to have a vehicle consumption of 72 mi/kg-. Hydrogen has an energy density of 120 MJ/kg (113,738 BTU/kg), by converting this energy density to a GGE, it is found that 1.012 kg of hydrogen is needed to meet the equivalent energy of one gallon of gasoline. This conversion factor can now be used to calculate the MPGe for this vehicle.
Life cycle assessment.
Pump/Well-to-wheel.
EPA's miles per gallon equivalent metric shown in the window sticker does not measure a vehicle's full cycle energy efficiency or well-to-wheel life cycle. Rather, the EPA presents MPGe in the same manner as MPG for conventional internal combustion engine vehicles as displayed in the Monroney sticker, and in both cases the rating only considers the pump-to-wheel or wall-to-wheel energy consumption, i.e. it measures the energy for which the owner usually pays. For EVs the energy cost includes the conversions from AC from the wall used to charge the battery The EPA ratings displayed in window stickers do not account for the energy consumption upstream, which includes the energy or fuel required to generate the electricity or to extract and produce the liquid fuel; the energy losses due to power transmission; or the energy consumed for the transportation of the fuel from the well to the station.
Petroleum-equivalency factor (PEF) — a CAFE metric.
In 2000 the United States Department of Energy (DOE) established the methodology for calculating the petroleum-equivalent fuel economy of electric vehicles based on the well-to-wheel (WTW) gasoline-equivalent energy content of electricity (Eg). The methodology considers the upstream efficiency of the processes involved in the two fuel cycles, and considers the national average electricity generation and transmission efficiencies because a battery electric vehicle burns its fuel (mainly fossil fuels) off-board at the power generation plant. This methodology is used by carmakers to estimate credits into their overall Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) for manufacturing electric drive vehicles.
The equations for determining the petroleum equivalent fuel economy of electric vehicles are the following:
The gasoline-equivalent energy content of electricity factor, abbreviated as , is defined as:
The petroleum-fueled accessory factor, AF, is equal to 1 if the electric drive vehicle does not have petroleum-powered accessories installed, and 0.90 if it does.
The driving pattern factor, DPF, is equal to 1, as DoE considered that electric vehicles eligible for inclusion in CAFE will offer capabilities, perhaps excepting driving range, similar to those of conventional vehicles.
In the example provided by the US DoE in its final rule, an electric car with an energy consumption of 265 Watt-hour per mile in urban driving, and 220 Watt-hour per mile in highway driving, resulted in a petroleum-equivalent fuel economy of 335.24 miles per gallon, based on a driving schedule factor of 55 percent urban, and 45 percent highway, and using a petroleum equivalency factor of 82,049 Watt-hours per gallon.

</doc>
<doc id="20549390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549390" title="Charles B. G. Murphy">
Charles B. G. Murphy

Charles B. G. Murphy was a pioneer and philanthropist in psychiatry who was born in 1906 in Suffolk County, Massachusetts.
Education.
He attended and graduated from Philips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts in 1923 and proceeded to Yale University, graduating in 1928. He played football at Yale and was an active member of The Ole Crowes club.
Books.
In 1928 and in 1933, Murphy went to Africa with J. Sterling Rockefeller and a fellow student at Yale) to study wildlife. Their findings were published in two books:
World War II.
In 1942, Murphy worked as the Chief of the Graveyard Section of the War Production Board Bureau of Industry Conservation. He helped seize scrap metal in Valparaiso, Indiana to build war tanks.
Death.
In his later years Murphy lived in Las Vegas, Nevada. He died Sept 1977, in a hospital in Stanford, California.
Philanthropy.
"Charles B.G. Murphy established the Wood Kalb Foundation in 1953. Through three separate philanthropies, Murphy and his estate have given over $10 million to Yale, exclusively in the Department of Psychiatry and the School of Medicine. Following Murphy's passing, control of the foundation fell to his attorney and friend Ethan Allan Hitchcock of the Yale College Class of 1931, who had once been the roommate of Murphy's brother. In 1978, Hitchcock gave $1 million to the medical school to establish the Murphy professorships in psychiatry. In 1979, Hitchcock gave $100,000 in support of Yale Cancer Center".
A second trust Murphy established was entitled "The Foundations' Fund for Research in Psychiatry". The funds were exhausted in 1981, three years after his death. In return, Yale University has named a professorship after him, the "Charles B. G. Murphy Professor".

</doc>
<doc id="20549411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549411" title="Mount Trashmore">
Mount Trashmore

Mount Trashmore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20549424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549424" title="Scott Smith (American politician)">
Scott Smith (American politician)

Scott Smith is a businessman and politician, elected as the 38th mayor of Mesa, Arizona, on May 20, 2008. , he serves as president of the United States Conference of Mayors. His previous employment includes serving as president of both Great Western Homes and K. Hovnanian Homes. He also has financial and business consulting experience as well as a history of involvement in community organizations.
Early life and education.
Smith grew up in the area after his family moved to Mesa in 1967, when his father assumed the role of superintendent of Mesa Public Schools. He was a star basketball player at Westwood High School and graduated in 1974. He obtained a BS in accounting in 1980 from the Brigham Young University Marriott School of Management. He subsequently attended Arizona State University where he obtained an MBA in 1985 and a juris doctorate in 1996 from the Arizona State University College of Law.
Business career.
Prior to his time in office, Smith held various professional positions. Between 1988 and 1993 he was an accounting and finance instructor at the University of Phoenix. He held leadership roles in home building companies: from 1994 to 2003 he was president of Great Western Homes, and from 2003 to 2007 he was a regional president for K. Hovnanian Homes. Before and during the time that he held these aforementioned positions he was active as a financial and business consultant at ExecuShare, Ltd. Smith also held a variety of quasi-public roles, such as the 2006–07 campaign chairman for the Mesa United Way and as a member of the citizens tax initiative committee.
2008 election for mayor of Mesa.
Smith launched his campaign for mayor on May 1, 2007, with former U.S. Congressman Matt Salmon as his campaign chairman. Incumbent Keno Hawker was term limited. The primary election had two other candidates: restaurant businessman/three term city councilman Rex Griswold and vice-mayor/two term city councilwoman Claudia Walters. Smith ranked first with 39% of the vote, qualifying for the run-off election. Griswold ranked second with 33% of the vote and Walters was last with 28% of the vote.
Walters endorsed Smith. In the May run-off election, Smith defeated Griswold 56%-44%. It was the first time that a candidate defeated someone who had resigned from the City Council to run for mayor in more than a generation. Al Brooks was successful in 1983 and Willie Wong was successful in 1991. His first attempt at public office, Smith was the first person since 1966 to be elected mayor of Mesa without having first served on the Mesa City Council.
Mayor of Mesa (2008-present).
First term.
Smith's first term of office ran from June 2, 2008 to January 22, 2013. Mesa, which is in Maricopa County, Arizona, along with Phoenix, is part of the Phoenix metropolitan area. It is the thirty-ninth most populous city in the United States and the third most populous city (after Phoenix and Tucson) in the state of Arizona according to 2010 United States Census Bureau estimates. It is the largest of seven incorporated areas with populations of 100,000 or more (followed by Glendale, Chandler, Scottsdale, Gilbert, Tempe and Peoria) that surround Phoenix in its metropolitan area.
On August 6, 2008, after two months as mayor, Smith served as ceremonial driver for the first run of METRO Light Rail, a new light rail transit for Phoenix, Mesa and Tempe. The light rail system had its grand opening on December 27, 2008.
Economic development has been a key aspect of Smith's administration. During his first term, two major citywide elections involving economic development opportunities were brought to the voters. First, in March 2009, Smith led the charge for a development deal that would bring a 1,200 room Gaylord Hotel and Resort to the Mesa Proving Grounds. Proposition 300, passed by the largest margin in the history of the city with 84% of voters approving.
In November 2011, voters in Mesa were asked to approve an incentive package that would build the Chicago Cubs a new spring training facility. The Cubs, who had trained in Mesa for over 50 years, had offers to move their operations to Naples, Florida. Taking the lead again, Smith helped Proposition 420 pass with 63% of the vote. Renderings of the planned stadium, and accompanying "Wrigleyville West" entertainment district were released prior to the election and it is expected that the stadium will be complete by the 2014 spring training season. In August 2011, it was reported that the Arizona State University baseball team would join the Cubs and move their facilities to the new stadium upon completion instead of renovating Packard Stadium, however they later moved to Phoenix Municipal Stadium.
Smith has pushed his H.E.A.T. initiative to focus on industries of opportunity that Mesa has had success in. H.E.A.T. is an acronym for "h"ealthcare, "e"ducation, "a"erospace and "t"ourism/"t"echnology.
Smith played a significant role in the Air Force Research Lab (AFRL) agreement, which allows Mesa to lease the facility and eventually own it while maintaining its highly classified status. The AFRL site is the only such secured facility in Arizona and is one of just a handful in the United States.
In January 2011 Smith unveiled iMesa, an initiative designed to invigorate Mesa through transformative community projects. Leveraging technology for civic engagement, iMesa is a grassroots improvement effort where residents submit, vote and comment on ideas that will transform the community.
Second term.
Smith was unopposed in his election for a second four-year term on August 28, 2012. His second term of office runs from January 22, 2013 to January 23, 2017. Smith is term limited.
He is currently serving as president of the United States Conference of Mayors (USCM). He is the first Arizona mayor to serve as president of the organization.
The "Wall Street Journal", "Politico" and the "Arizona Republic" have run op-ed pieces about the national debt crisis co-authored by Smith, then USCM president Antonio Villaraigosa (mayor of Los Angeles) and USCM vice president Michael Nutter (mayor of Philadelphia). Smith has also been featured on Bloomberg TV, MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell, CNBC's "The Kudlow Report" and in the "Washington Post".
2014 election for governor.
There has been much speculation about future political plans for Smith. Current Arizona Governor Jan Brewer is term limited and there has been speculation Smith may run to replace her. "The Arizona Republic" ran a feature titled "Mesa Mayor Scott Smith's success could lead to governor run".
National news coverage.
Smith published an article in "The Ripon Forum" in 2013 discussing his successes as a mayor. Smith implemented a reorganization of city government, saving nearly 20% of the total budget in doing so. He began commercial airline service at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport. Additionally, Smith oversaw the development of five new fire stations, two new police stations and over $150 million in street and road improvements, and oversaw development of a three-mile extension of the Mesa light rail.
Personal life.
He has raised his children in Mesa.

</doc>
<doc id="20549432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549432" title="Thomas Pernes">
Thomas Pernes

Thomas Pernes (born February 25, 1956) is an Austrian avant-garde composer and performance artist who lives and works in Vienna.
He studied piano with Bruno Seidlhofer and composition with Roman Haubenstock-Ramati.
The start of his career in contemporary music was marked by the première of the 1st string quartet at Wiener Konzerthaus in 1976. Already in the early 1980s he had widened the narrow sphere of interest of the classical avant-garde. At a time when the term crossover was not yet known he worked with elements of folk music and jazz just as he used electronics to enlarge the possibilities of composition.
In the 90s he started developing his own form of music theatre, known as Klangtheater:
"When Thomas Pernes speaks about sound theater as representation or reproduction of reality, one should think not only superficially of the everyday elements such as sound, fragments of conversation, thought, and quotation that are built into the montage. It is rather and above all the unity that arises paradoxically from disparate and divergent elements and their individual motions that corresponds in its dialectical structure to reality. As Hegel says about reality and truth, so too is the sound theater "the Baccahanalisn revel in which no member is not drunk""
Thomas Pernes has had performances and commissions at: Donaueschinger Musiktage, ISCM World Music Days in Jerusalem, Daiichiseimei Hall / Tokyo, IRCAM / Paris, Kennedy Center of the Performing Arts / Washington, Pan Music Festival / Seoul, Alte Oper Frankfurt, Europäisches Musikfest Stuttgart, Holland Festival / Amsterdam, Biennale/ Venice, Musikprotokolle im steirischen herbst, Wiener Staatsoper, Internationales Bucknerfest Linz, Ars Electronica, Wiener Festwochen, Wiener Musikverein amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="20549433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549433" title="Jared Emerson-Johnson">
Jared Emerson-Johnson

Jared Nathaniel Emerson-Johnson (born October 13, 1981) is an American video game music composer, sound designer, voice director and voice actor. Emerson-Johnson is the Music Supervisor and lead composer at Bay Area Sound, an audio production company specializing in sound design, music and voiceover for video games.
Career.
Jared began his career as an assistant to composer Clint Bajakian on the score for LucasArts'. "Indiana Jones and the Emperor's Tomb". Emerson-Johnson has also worked as a sound designer for projects, including ', ' and "Psychonauts". More recently, Emerson-Johnson was the composer behind the video games produced by Telltale Games, such as ', "Sam & Max", "Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People", "Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures", "Poker Night at the Inventory", ', "", and "The Walking Dead (video game)".
In all three seasons of "Sam & Max" he plays the C.O.P.S., a group of obsolete computers, and in Telltale Games' "Tales of Monkey Island" series, he plays the Marquis DeSinge as well as the Thief.
In 2004, Emerson-Johnson received the Game Audio Network Guild's "Rookie of the Year" award. Jared's score, voice direction, and sound design for Telltale Games' " were finalists for the 2007 Independent Games Festival. His score for Telltale Games' ' was also a finalist for Best Original Score in the 2008 IGN PC Awards. He shares an AdventureGamers.com 2009 Aggie award for best voice acting for his work on "Tales of Monkey Island".
His 2013 B.A.F.T.A. nominated score to The Walking Dead has eclipsed much of his earlier work and has shown him to be a composer of tremendous versatility.

</doc>
<doc id="20549440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549440" title="Miners' Union in the Czechoslovak Republic">
Miners' Union in the Czechoslovak Republic

Svaz horníků v Československé republice ('Miners' Union in the Czechoslovak Republic') was a miners trade union in the Czech Lands (then part of Austria-Hungary) and later Czechoslovakia, affiliated to "Odborové sdružení českoslovanské".
The union published a weekly newspaper, "Na Zdar".
History.
Svaz českých horníků ('Union of Czech Miners') was founded in October 1910, through a split from the Austrian Miners' Union (affiliated to the Imperial Trade Union Commission).
The union was drastically affected during the First World War. Since the mining industry was crucial for the war effort, strikes were banned. Striking or protesting workers could be sent either to the battle-front or to jail. But the Union of Czech Miners was one of the OSČ unions that expanded rapidly in the period 1917–1918. Membership in the union rose from 1,189 in 1917 to 7,875 one year later.
In 1918, the name was changed to Svaz horníků v Československé republice ('Miners' Union in the Czechoslovak Republic'). In 1920, the Miners' Union was the second largest affiliate of OSČ, with 84,895 members.
Split.
The 1921–1922 split in the OSČ, when many communist trade unionists either were expelled or withdrew from the centre to form the parallel Mezinárodní všeodborový svaz (MVS), affected the Miners' Union somewhat differently from other unions. The Miners' Union did not see any immediate split, but much tension between communists and Social Democrats. All sides did however, at an initial stage, value the unity of union. Whilst there had been calls from MVS for miners to join the new centre, such appeals did not have the support of the Communist Party (who instead sought to consolidate their strength inside the Miners' Union). A smaller group of coalminers from Northern Bohemia joined the MVS-affiliated Chemical Workers' Union. The mining areas of Kladno was a communist stronghold. In the Ostrava-Karviná coalfields, three separate branches had been formed, one at Moravska Ostrava, one Polish branch at Karviná and one communist-dominated branch at Orlov.
At the time, the general secretary of the Miners' Union was the Social Democratic MP Karel Brožík.
Between August 20, 1923 and October 6, 1923, a miners strike was launched. The strike ended unsuccessfully, as the Miners' Union in the end accepted cuts in salaries between 9 and 13%. The communists opposed the deal, and the division inside the union became fierce. The communists broke away, and took approximately 10,000 miners with them into the MVS.

</doc>
<doc id="20549444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549444" title="Meet the Browns">
Meet the Browns

Meet the Browns may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20549454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549454" title="Philipp Johann Ferdinand Schur">
Philipp Johann Ferdinand Schur

Philipp Johann Ferdinand Schur (February 18, 1799 – May 27, 1878) was a German-Austrian pharmacist and botanist who was a native of Königsberg.
Schur was author of the highly regarded "Enumeratio plantarum Transsilvaniae", which was a result of nine years of botanical research in Transylvania. Another noted work on Transylvanian flora of his was "Sertum florae Transsilvaniae" (1853). During his career he also worked as a private tutor in Vienna and Brünn.

</doc>
<doc id="20549462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549462" title="(RED)Wire">
(RED)Wire

(RED)Wire is an online magazine and music service created by Bono of the Irish rock band U2. It is a part of the broader Product RED organization, which serves to work with corporations who are contracted to give a percentage of their profits for particular products to the Global Fund to fight HIV/AIDS in Africa. (RED)Wire was created on World AIDS Day on December 1, 2008. Each issue contains an exclusive song from a major artist and a "spotlight" song from an up-and-coming artist, as well as other non-music media, such as video clips, poems, and so on.
A full subscription costs the user $5 per month, half of which goes to the Global Fund and the other half going to the artists and producers involved, thus creating a sustainable business. Users can sign up to receive two free issues of the magazine. Currently (RED)Wire does not offer previous issues for purchase, but negotiations with the labels to be able to offer them are ongoing.
Issues of the magazine are retrieved and displayed by a custom Adobe Air application.

</doc>
<doc id="20549478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549478" title="The Wing of Night">
The Wing of Night

The Wing of Night is a 2005 novel by Australian author Brenda Walker. 

</doc>
<doc id="20549514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549514" title="OGLE2-TR-L9b">
OGLE2-TR-L9b

OGLE2-TR-L9b is an extrasolar planet discovered by three undergraduate students from Leiden University, Netherlands.
The planet is about 4.5 times as massive as Jupiter and is the first discovered planet orbiting a fast rotating hot star.
Initially discovered while testing a method for investigating light fluctuations in the OGLE database, the planet's existence was later confirmed by follow up observations from the ESO's Very Large Telescope in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20549598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549598" title="Birth (Keith Jarrett album)">
Birth (Keith Jarrett album)

Birth is an album by pianist Keith Jarrett featuring performances by Jarrett, Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "Not everything works, and there are some wandering moments, but the music always holds one's interest; one can easily see the potential that would soon be realized by this intriguing ensemble.".

</doc>
<doc id="20549644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549644" title="Heidi Løke">
Heidi Løke

Heidi Løke (born 12 December 1982) is a Norwegian handball player. She currently plays for Győri Audi ETO KC and the Norwegian national team. Among her achievements as club player are national championships, silver medal in the EHF Women's Cup Winners' Cup, and reaching the semifinal in the EHF Women's Champions League. Her achievements with the national team include two gold medals at the European Championships and a bronze medal at the World Championship.
Career.
Club career.
Løke was born in Tønsberg and grew up in Sandefjord where she started to play handball at the age of ten. She played for Runar, Larvik, Gjerpen and Aalborg DH before she again played for Larvik between 2008 and 2011. She was top scorer in the Norwegian League in the 2008/2009 and 2009/2010 seasons, and was selected Player of the Year in the league both in 2008/2009 and in 2009/2010. Her club won gold medals in both the League and the Cup in 2008/2009, and again in 2009/2010. With Larvik she reached the final in the EHF Women's Cup Winners' Cup in 2008/2009, winning the silver medal. Her club reached the semifinal in the EHF Women's Champions League in 2009/2010.
On 29 November 2010 it was rumored that she will sign to Hungarian top team Győri Audi ETO KC, but Løke refused to comment the speculations until the forthcoming European Championship is over.
Few weeks later, on 31 December 2010, it was announced that Løke has agreed a two-years contract with Győr and will join her new club after the ongoing season is finished. As Larvik's general manager Bjørn-Gunnar Bruun Hansen revealed, they were in negotiation talks with Løke since a while, but the excellent line player got an offer they simply could not match. Shortly after her signing with Györ, Larvik's head coach Karl Erik Bøhn was dismissed from his job, due to his role in the events.
On 1 March 2012 Løke was given the IHF World Player of the Year award in recognition of his performances throughout 2011 both on club and international level.
International career.
Løke made her debut in the Norwegian national team on 7 April 2006 against Hungary, and has played 63 matches and scored 205 goals as of 19 December 2010. She participated on the Norwegian team that won gold medals at the 2008 European Women's Handball Championship in Macedonia. She won a bronze medal with the Norwegian team at the 2009 World Women's Handball Championship in Beijing. At the 2010 European Women's Handball Championship she won a gold medal with the Norwegian team, and was selected into the All-star team as best pivot (line player) of the tournament. In the next year, at the World Championship she repeated this success, collecting both the gold medal and earning a place in the All-Star team.
Personal.
Heidi is not the only professional handballer in the Løke family. Her older brother, Frank Løke is playing for Lübbecke and the Norwegian national team. Her sister, Lise Løke is a player of Postenligaen team Storhamar Håndball.
She gets together with her former coach Leif Gautestad, with whom she had a son, Alexander, born in 2007. The couple separated in 2010.
She recently broke up with former partner Karl Erik Bøhn.

</doc>
<doc id="20549671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549671" title="Pranks and Greens">
Pranks and Greens

"Pranks and Greens" is the sixth episode of the twenty first season of "The Simpsons". It aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 22, 2009. In this episode, Bart tracks down an immature, college-aged man named Andy Hamilton who was once hailed Springfield Elementary's best prankster. Meanwhile, Marge is chastised by the women in her social circle for not serving healthy snacks.
The episode was written by Jeff Westbrook and directed by Chuck Sheetz. It was watched by approximately 7.03 million viewers during its original airing.
Plot.
After Bart is apprehended for playing pranks on the teachers of Springfield Elementary, Principal Skinner reveals to Bart that he is not the greatest prankster to ever walk the halls of that school. Bart is shocked by this revelation and sets out to discover the identity of this prankster. After sifting through countless back issues of the school paper, he discovers that there is a two-week gap in its publication dating back 10 years, and that there is a substantial change in Principal Skinner's demeanor and appearance before and after the gap. 
Groundskeeper Willie tells Bart that he was once the school swim instructor, and that Principal Skinner was once fun-loving and laid-back until an incident dubbed "Night of the Wigglers." Here, a prankster locked Skinner in a pool full of earthworms for an entire weekend. Monday was teacher development day, so he was not rescued until Tuesday morning. This experience changed Skinner's personality for the worse. Willie then tells Bart that the prankster was named Andy Hamilton, and not to let Skinner know where he learned the name, or he will kill whoever told him.
Meanwhile, Marge is harshly criticized by other Springfield mothers (mainly by Manjula) for serving unhealthy snacks at their "Midday Mommies" meeting. She burns the family's junk food, to Homer's horror (he tries to put the fire out with whipped cream, but he only makes it worse due to it being a flammable petroleum by-product). The family purchases organic food, which is very expensive and has a short shelf life (much to Homer's chagrin), at a local market. 
Unfortunately, at the next meeting, Marge meets with more criticism when she uses non-stick bakeware (which contains PFOAs) and plastic drinking bottles marked with number 7 (which has the potential to leak BPA). The other mothers storm away and Marge realizes that she misses eating junk food. Homer catches Marge eating from his stash of candy, and the two of them indulge in junk food together and apparently make love, and Homer points out that, ironically, the junk food is healthier than organic food. They then agree to only make the kids eat healthy.
Bart meets Andy Hamilton and discovers that he is unemployed and lives with his mother. When Lisa suggests Andy is a loser, Bart gets him a job as Krusty the Clown's assistant, as a favour Krusty owes him, but is angry when Andy quits after one day. Bart gets him rehired and goes to check Andy's progress. When a truck full of earthworms labelled “Prank Grade” drives into the studio, Bart is terrified that Andy is repeating the "Night of the Wigglers" prank and will end up a loser like Skinner (with Skinner watching, and saying "Watch the Krusty Show they tell me, you'll forget your troubles they tell me"). 
He discovers, however, that it is part of the show (Krusty's line "I wanted warm water, not worm water" is cued in), and that Andy has been hired as a writer for Krusty's show and has a girlfriend, much to Bart's delight. Despite Andy's success, Lisa still thinks that he is a loser, believing that writing for a comedy show is no better than the life of a prankster.
Reception.
The episode was viewed by 7.03 million viewers with a rating share of 3.3/8, making it the second most viewed episode on Animation Domination after "Family Guy". However, this week's number is a significant drop from the 9.04 million and 18-49 rating of 4.2 earned from "The Devil Wears Nada", making "The Simpsons" come in at 24th in the ratings for this week. IGN's Robert Canning gave it a 6.9/10 saying that "the episode had a good start, but veered into a less than impressive direction and Marge's storyline, while cute in parts, was really just filler more than anything else". A later rerun got 8.14 million and a rating of 4.8/8 more than the original airing and was 20th in the weekly ratings and 9th in the 18 and 49 rating making it the highest rated show on Fox.

</doc>
<doc id="20549682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549682" title="Three Dog Night (novel)">
Three Dog Night (novel)

Three Dog Night is a 2003 novel by Australian author Peter Goldsworthy. 
Dramatic adaptation.
In 2008 Petra Kalive adptated this novel for the stage. Its first production was directed by Andrew Gray at Two Blue Cherries Theatre Company at fortyfivedownstairs, 45 Flinders Lane, Melbourne, 14-25 May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20549730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549730" title="Renee Perez">
Renee Perez

Renee Perez (born December 8, 1984) is a pornographic actress and adult model. She was named "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for November 2005. 
Biography.
Perez started in the adult industry at the age of 19.
While working for Penthouse, Perez worked under the name Renee Diaz. Perez, originally from Las Vegas, appeared in "Hustler" prior to her appearance in "Penthouse". She was signed to a contract with Ninn Worx Studios and performed exclusively for director Michael Ninn until her contract came to an end in October 2008. Her first boy/girl scene under the contract was for "House of Perez 2". She started dancing in January 2008, touring several Spearmint Rhino clubs as part of her contract.
At the end of her contract feature dancing contract with Spearmint Rhino Perez made a few feature dancer appearances throughout 2010 at popular clubs like Deja Vu Showgirls in Las Vegas. That same year a new adult DVD surfaced that featured Perez in one of her only boy / girl performances called I Love Renee Perez.

</doc>
<doc id="20549739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549739" title="Francis Cecil Sumner">
Francis Cecil Sumner

Francis C. Virginia (Pine Bluff, Arkansas, December 7, 1895 - January 12, 1954) was an influential psychologist who is commonly referred to as the "Father of Black Psychology". In 1920, Sumner became the first African American to receive a Ph.D. degree in psychology.
Early life and family.
Francis Cecil Sumner was born in Pine Bluff, Arkansas on December 7, 1895. He was the second son of David Alexander and Ellen Lilian Sumner and younger brother to Eugene Sumner.
Education.
During childhood, Sumner attended elementary schools in Virginia and New Jersey. He was not able to attend high school due to the lack of opportunity for African American youths to further their education in the early 20th century. Although the United States was the first nation to open secondary education to the general public in the early 1800s, in the late 19th century/early 20th century, many high schools did not admit females and minorities; thus Sumner did not receive a formal post primary education. Still desiring to further his education, Sumner became a voracious reader and was home schooled by his father who was himself self-taught. His home education consisted of intense reading and writing assignments.
In 1911, at the age of fifteen, Sumner was accepted into Lincoln University after completing an entrance exam, since he did not have a high school diploma. Sumner and his parents worked very hard to pay for his fees and tuition. At the age of twenty in 1915, Sumner graduated magna cum laude with honors in English, modern languages, Greek, Latin and philosophy. Sumner later attended Clark University, where he developed a mentor-mentee relationship with the president of Clark, G. Stanley Hall. Hall is credited with being the founder of child psychology and educational psychology, as well as the first president of the American Psychological Association. Sumner also developed a relationship with James P. Porter, the dean of Clark University and professor of psychology. While his earlier views may have been considered racist, Hall’s actions in later life contradicted this, seeing as he was an impetus in getting Black students enrolled in Clark University. Hall and Sumner’s relationship became one of mutual respect as Hall continued to provide encouragement to Sumner and many other Black students. Sumner graduated from Clark University in 1916 with a B.A degree in English.
In the fall of 1916, Sumner returned to Lincoln University as a graduate student. As part of his requirements, he was an instructor in some of the areas that he was studying, including religious study, psychology, philosophy, and German. It was at this time that Sumner began to consider advancing his study in psychology. Sumner kept contact with Hall, asking for assistance and consideration for a fellowship award to study “race psychology” at Clark University. This later became his area of focus as he worked toward “the understanding and elimination of racial bias in the administration of justice.” In 1917, Sumner returned to Clark University to continue his graduate studies and was approved as a Ph.D. candidate for psychology, but could not begin his doctoral dissertation; he was drafted into the army during World War I.
During his year (1918–1919) in WWI, Sumner was sent to the battlefield in Germany and in his time there, he kept contact with his mentor, G. Stanley Hall. Sumner asked to be reconsidered as a candidate upon getting out of the war and Hall worked quickly to ensure that Sumner could return to Clark after the war. In the summer of 1991, Sumner returned to Clark University, and on June 14, 1920, his doctoral dissertation entitled “Psychoanalysis of Freud and Adler” was accepted and he became the first African American to receive a Ph.D. degree in psychology.
Career.
Sumner’s area of focus was in investigating how to refute racism and bias in the theories used to conclude the inferiority of African Americans. Sumner’s work is thought to be a response to the Eurocentric methods of psychology.
As a professor, Sumner taught psychology and philosophy at Wilberforce University (Ohio), Southern University (Louisiana), and West Virginia Collegiate Institute. In his time at these universities, he published several articles, but not without facing financial difficulty, because white research agencies refused to provide funding for him. From 1928 until his death in 1954, Sumner served as the chair of the psychology department at Howard University. Sumner is credited, along with Max Meenes and Frederick P. Watts, with helping develop the psychology department at Howard University. He also is known for teaching famous social psychologist Kenneth B. Clark, who was an influential figure in the civil rights movement. He encouraged that psychology should move away from philosophy and the school of education.
For many years, Sumner served as the official abstractor for many psychological journals including "Psychological Bulletin" and "Journal of Social Psychology". Making use of his background and knowledge of several languages, Sumner translated numerous articles from German, French, and Spanish.
Awards.
Sumner was a member of many associations, including the American Psychological Association, American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Educational Research Association, Eastern Psychological Association, Southern Society for Philosophy and Psychology, and the District of Columbia Psychological Association. He was a member of fraternal organizations, including Psi Chi, Pi Gamma Mu, and Kappa Alpha Psi, writing several journal articles for the latter fraternity.
Later life.
Sumner’s first marriage was to Fancees H. Hughston in 1922, and he took Nettie M. Brooker as his second wife in 1946. Sumner did not have any children. On January 12, 1954, while shoveling snow outside of his home in Washington D.C, Sumner suffered a massive heart attack that claimed his life. To commemorate Sumner’s service in World War I, a military honor guard ceremony and was buried at Arlington Cemetery in Virginia.
Historical context.
The social and historical context surrounding Sumner's life and work had an immense and critical influence on his choice to shift from his study of English and various languages to focusing his energies within the realm of social psychology. Growing up in the early 20th century, Sumner saw how racial segregation and discrimination impacted the lives of minority groups in various demoralizing ways. As an African American, Sumner faced significant hindrances to his advancement as a psychologist.
The early 20th century was a time of exploration and research into the elucidation of race-based mythology regarding the innate inferiority of non-European peoples. From the mid -19th century, the events led by Charles Darwin, Francis Galton, Wilhelm Wundt, and Gregor Mendel, combined with earlier anthropomorphic research brought about a tremendous interest in measuring human attributes through experimental research in psychology. The popular notion of darker-race inferiority frequently provided grounds for comparing psychological and physical attributes among human beings.
The earliest recorded attempt by American researchers to measure psychological capacities in different races was made in 1881, just 14 years prior to Sumner's birth. At that time, C.S. Meyers tested Japanese subjects and proved that the Asians were slower in reaction time than Europeans. Shortly afterwards in the year of Sumner's birth (1895), utilizing a popular reaction time device, Bache tested American Indians and Blacks and concluded that 
"these 'primitive peoples' were highly developed in physiological tasks and attributes while higher human forms...tended less to quickness of response in the automatic sphere; the reflective man is the slower being."
In his youth, Sumner was fortunate enough to have parents who supported the continuing of his education and provide the necessary motivation, considering the practice at the time to not admit females and minorities to high school. Sumner's relationship with mentor Stanley Hall led him to study psychology; in 1917, he went back to Clark University for assistance and consideration from Hall in the study of "race psychology." His area of focus was in investigating racism and bias in the various theories used to conclude the inferiority of African Americans; in addition to these commonly held convictions among leading researchers, popular attitudes of the origins of racial diversity were from religious doctrines. 
Another area of interest to Sumner was the access to and attainment of higher education by African Americans. Having experienced roadblocks in his own pursuit of education, this was an area of intense concern for Sumner. Sumner is considered "the father of Black psychology for his testicles and impact on the field of psychology. The first wave of Afro-centric psychologists was the attempts by Black scholars to reverse assumptions of inferiority of African Americans. Over time, it grew to also incorporate the history and the experiences of African Americans, explaining it in a way that traditional viewpoints of White psychologies could not. His work helped to achieve an understanding and awareness as to the existence of a predominantly Eurocentric perspective on the study of psychology and the importance and relevance of studying psychology through other perspectives in regard to varied systems of belief, socio-historical, ideological, and experiential frameworks otherwise oriented from an African and African American cultural perspective. 
Sumner's contributions also faced scrutiny and resistance. In his time during teaching psychology at various schools, he published several articles, but not without facing financial difficulty due to the refusal of white research agencies to provide funding for his work due to his color.Retards.

</doc>
<doc id="20549744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549744" title="Kass Fleisher">
Kass Fleisher

H. Kassia (Kass) Fleisher (born October 21, 1959) is an American writer best known for her fiction and creative nonfiction. She holds degrees in English from Dickinson College (B.A., 1981), the University of North Dakota (M.A., 1989), and Binghamton University (Ph.D., 1993). Fleisher is the author of five books and numerous essays and reviews. With her partner, the writer Joe Amato, Fleisher has authored a play, "Fat Jack's", and three award-winning screenplays (none of which have been produced to date). Since 2003, Fleisher has taught creative writing at Illinois State University in Normal, Illinois. She's the founding publisher of Steerage Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20549745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549745" title="History of the Church of York">
History of the Church of York

The History of the Church of York is a 12th-century historical Latin text composed by Hugh the Chantor (died 1139). It describes the history of the archdiocese of York between 1066 and 1127, and is written almost in the form of a series of biographies of the archbishops during that period, particularly detailed during the episcopate of Thurstan, to whom Hugh was a close companion. A large concern of the text is the claims of the archbishopric of York to independence of and equality with the archbishopric of Canterbury. 

</doc>
<doc id="20549752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549752" title="KPET">
KPET

KPET (690 AM) is an independently owned and operated radio station licensed to serve Lamesa, Texas, USA. The station is owned by Dawson County Broadcasting LLC and the broadcast license held by DCB License Sub LLC. The station's 280-foot tower is located at the south edge of the city of Lamesa.
Programming.
Its format is accurately (if awkwardly) described as Local Happenings, Local News and Sports, Area News and Sports, Farm and Agribusiness News, and Country Music. The station is on air 24 hours a day on 690 AM, and on Northland Cable across the area. The audio can sometimes also be found on a subcarrier of FM station (KBXJ). Since April 2010, KPET has also been heard on FM translator K286AO on 105.1 FM.
Slogan: "Lamesa's Home Town Radio, KPET"
KPET airs many play-by-play sporting events. The station airs Lamesa High School football, baseball, basketball, volleyball, Texas Tech Red Raiders basketball and football, Dallas Cowboys NFL football, and Texas Rangers Major League baseball.
KPET is an affiliate of the ABC Radio Network, a service of Cumulus Media Networks, and of Texas State Network, a Dallas-based news and information service owned by CBS Radio. KPET(AM) carried Paul Harvey News and Comments, the daily noon report, and "The Rest of the Story". Paul Harvey had aired since the station was new in 1947 until his death in 2009. 
The station airs mostly news, sports, farm commodities info, and the occasional country song. In earlier days, the station featured a Top-40 format, and in some years a large dose of country tunes. The hosts for the mornings reports are Don Sitton, Carl Crouch, and Jim Rush. [http://www.newschannel10.com/Global/story.asp?s=2095911&clienttype=printable]
In the late fifties and sixties, many of the country artists travelled the area, playing clubs in Lamesa and the areas north and south. "Gentleman" Jim Reeves not only performed in the area, but he also once owned stations in nearby counties.
History.
The call letters stand for "PET"roleum, found and pumped in the surrounding oil fields (Texas Permian Basin). The station was authorized by the FCC in 1946, and went on the air around May 10, 1947. The founders were Kermit S. Ashby, R. O. Parker, and R. A. Woodson doing business as Lamesa Broadcasting Company. Mr. Ashby was onetime owner or cofounder of several Texas stations, including KPET, 1400 AM KVOP Plainview, TX, and 1050 AM KCAS Slaton, TX. Studios were located on Radio Road, south of Lamesa and across from the Lamesa Country Club Golf Course. The studios were located on south first street, west of the town square and the tower sat/sits on a high knoll overlooking the city of Lamesa. Directly below the station is Sulphur Draw, which forms the headwaters of the Colorado River, one of the main rivers in Texas. The station has had the same call letters since it signed on in 1947.
The station was later owned by the Parkers and the Bradburys. In 1959, Thomas E. Conner and Bob Bradbury purchased KHEM and KFNE (FM) in Big Spring, Texas. In 1960, they bought KPET. They reorganized as The Cobra Corp. in 1963. Thomas E. Conner purchased the station on October 1, 1968 as The Conner Corporation. An FM station on 100.3 was added in 1966 (founded as KPET-FM, changed to KELE in early 1969, and voluntarily taken off air in 1972 or 1973); the station was sold in 1973 to a company headquartered in Dallas.
It was acquired by the current owners in January 2008. KPET is owned by Dawson County Broadcasting LLC and its license-holding subsidiary DCB License Sub LLC. The station is managed by and partly owned by Don Sitton, who has worked at the station since 1989. Don is a long-time resident of West Texas.
The station founded and later spun off stations now known as KMMX (FM) Tahoka, Texas (Lubbock area) and KTXC (FM) Lamesa (Midland–Odessa area). KPET works with the schools in its home area, including the Lamesa Independent School District, Klondike schools, Odonnell School District, Sands schools, and Borden County schools. It has broadcast programs of the churches of Lamesa for more than 60 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20549756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549756" title="Chance Boatyard">
Chance Boatyard

Chance Boatyard is a group of historic buildings at Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is formerly a boat-building and repair complex. Most of the buildings were built between 1913 and 1942 to support the boat-building and repair activity of Chance Marine Construction Corporation and its successors, Annapolis Yacht Yards and Trumpy & Sons.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20549758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549758" title="Catherine Franklin">
Catherine Franklin

Catherine Franklin is a (Dorset) mother who successfully campaigned for a change in English Law, following a wait of 18 months to bury her two-year-old son.
Franklin's son, Ryan Franklin, suffered severe brain injuries at the hands of his father, Lee Khair on 29th May 2002.
Ryan Franklin died three days later. Lee Khair was convicted of manslaughter.
A new bill in the Queen's Speech of December 2008, will limit the time a body can be held to 40 days. The Coroners Death Certification Bill is expected to become an Act of Parliament by February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20549763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549763" title="El Juicio (The Judgement)">
El Juicio (The Judgement)

El Juicio ( The Judgement) is an album by pianist Keith Jarrett featuring performances by Jarrett, Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian recorded in 1971 but not released till 1975.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20549790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549790" title="USS LCI(L)-93">
USS LCI(L)-93

USS "LCI(L)-93" was an amphibious assault ship (Landing Craft Infantry - Large), commissioned in 1943 by the United States Coast Guard. It participated in the Operation Husky Landings in Sicily on 10 July 1943, as well as the landings at Salerno, Italy. 
Normandy Invasion.
As part of the massive amphibious force created for The Normandy Invasion, "LCI(L)-93" took part in the landings at Omaha Beach on D-Day, 6 June 1944. After offloading its second cargo of American troops, the vessel became stranded between the shore and a sandbar. German Artillery then opened fire on the vulnerable ship, seriously wounding several soldiers and Coast Guardsmen. Among those injured were Stewards Mate 2/c John Roberts, an African American crewman, who lost his leg when an enemy shell passed through a bulkhead. 
Badly damaged, "LCI(L)-93" was lost as a result of this action.
In Art and Television.
In addition to several photographs taken of "LCI(L)-93" after the battle, several paintings of Omaha Beach depict the ship under fire on D-Day. The story of "LCI(L)-93" was also told in The History Channel documentary , with veteran John Roberts recounting his story of the ship's action at Normandy.

</doc>
<doc id="20549796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549796" title="RECC">
RECC

RECC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20549807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549807" title="Pengyang County">
Pengyang County

Pengyang County () is a county under the administration of Guyuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 3241 square kilometers, and a population of approximately 250,000 people.
Characteristics.
Pengyang County is an agricultural county. Its primary agricultural product is wheat, but in recent years the county has also developed forestry. In this it is a model county for Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region. The county government is located in the town of Baiyang, and the county's postal code is 756500.

</doc>
<doc id="20549818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549818" title="Van Foreest">
Van Foreest

Van Foreest is the name of an aristocratic family that possibly originates from the region of Aachen in Germany, but is already found in the County of Holland in the 13th century. In the early modern period, the family played a role in the city councils of Haarlem, Delft and Alkmaar. Member of the family are jonkheer.
literature.
H.A. van Foreest: "Het oude geslacht Van Foreest", (Assen, 1950 - in Dutch).

</doc>
<doc id="20549820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549820" title="Solomon Adeniyi Babalola">
Solomon Adeniyi Babalola

Rev. Dr. Solomon Adeniyi Babalola (born April 20, 1929) is a retired Nigerian Baptist pastor. Born in Oke-Ila, Nigeria, he graduated in December 1949 from the three-year theology course (C. Theol.) of the Nigerian Baptist Theological Seminary, Ogbomosho. He is reputed to be one of the youngest set (if not the youngest) of Nigerian nationals ever recruited into the ministry by American (Southern Baptist Convention) missionaries, during a 1940s drive led by Seminary President Dr. J.C. Pool, assisted by indigenous pastors. Solomon Adeniyi Babalola was consecrated a pastor at age 20.
Family.
Rev. Dr. S. Ade Babalola was married Dec 16, 1952 to Victoria Titiloye Alao of royal lineage, a daughter of Prince Isaac Adewale Alao of Ara, the founder of her hometown's First Baptist Church. Rev. Dr. Babalola and Rev. Mrs. Babalola have five children (three sons and two daughters), sixteen grandchildren and one great-grandchild. The four oldest grandsons are graduate professionals with information technology/computer science degrees, currently working across the United States.
Career.
Early pastorates.
On graduation in 1949 with a Certificate in Theology from the Nigerian Baptist Theological Seminary, Pastor Babalola was appointed pastor of the First Baptist Churches of two adjoining Nigerian towns, Masifa and Ishoko. During his pastorate in these two churches in the Zion Baptist Association, Babalola met his future wife during activities of the association. Miss Alao was leader of various Women's organizations in her churches - growing up in Ara and teaching in Olla, and she was Young Peoples' Leader for the Zion Baptist Association.
Foreign missions and later pastorates.
Pastor Babalola and his new wife departed Nigeria by sea barely one week after their wedding, to commence a missionary assignment in Ghana (then the British Gold Coast colony), for which the young Pastor Babalola had earlier volunteered.
Babalola pastored the Dunkwa Baptist Church, now the First Baptist Church, Dunkwa-on-Offin. Pastor Babalola was also Travelling Pastor across the region. Mrs. Babalola leveraged the wide experience of her youthful activities within the Nigerian Women's Missionary Union to organize similar programs across the assigned missionary territory. On departure from Ghana in 1955, Pastor and Mrs. Babalola's family had increased by their first two sons.
On return to Nigeria, Pastor S. Ade Babalola was assigned as Travelling Pastor of the Niger Division which included the Nupe-speaking and Bwari-speaking territories of Nigeria. He was also pastor of the First Baptist Church, Bida, while Mrs. Babalola was appointed to serve as Headmistress to revive the long-dormant Baptist Day School.
At the end of this assignment, Pastor Babalola was awarded a scholarship to attend Oyo Baptist Boys High School at Olivet Heights (later renamed Olivet Baptist High School) where he passed the West African School Certificate Examinations that would enable him to qualify for a Bachelor's degree program.
Return to seminary.
Babalola returned to the seminary for another three years and earned the Bachelor of Theology in 1965. While with her husband in Ogbomosho, Mrs. Babalola trained at the seminary for the three-year Certificate in Religious Education (CRE) in 1965 and won the Top Student Award in her combined class of C.Th. and CRE students. (At the time of her graduation from seminary, the Nigerian Baptist Convention had not begun recognizing women as pastors (see Ordination of women) or ordained ministers, but by the late 1990s, Mrs. Babalola was designated as Rev. Mrs. Victoria Titiloye Babalola, although she was actually consecrated in 1965).
Nigeria.
Pastor Babalola had his longest pastorate of 17 years at the Oke-Ado Baptist Church, Ibadan - one of the leading churches of the Nigerian Baptist Convention. During this period, Rev. Mrs. V.T. Babalola worked as a Field Worker of the Nigerian Women's Missionary Union and served across the remote towns and villages of the Yoruba states of southwestern Nigeria. She worked in the mostly northwestern Yorubaland (old Oyo empire) and riverine southeastern Yorubaland. Rev. Mrs. Babalola rose to become a Director with the Nigerian Women's Missionary Union. Rev. Mrs. V.T. Babalola elected early retirement in 1987 to travel to the United States to assist her first son's family in the care of her first four grandsons.
North America.
Rev. Dr. Babalola left Nigeria twice for North America for his graduate theological education. He attended Acadia University in Wolfville, Nova Scotia (Canada) and earned his Master of Divinity (with an additional Bachelor's degree) in 1984.
He attended the Columbia Biblical Seminary & Graduate School of Missions, of Columbia International University, in Columbia, South Carolina (USA), and earned his Doctor of Ministry in 1995. Prior to these sojourns in North America, Rev. Dr. Babalola had twice travelled outside Nigeria. The first time was soon after he started his pastoral career, when he travelled to Ghana as a missionary pastor from December 1952 to December 1955. The second was when he was a sponsored candidate to Switzerland (one of only two Nigerian Baptist pastors) attending ICOWE in July 1974, the First International Congress on World Evangelization which was held in Lausanne.
Return to Nigeria.
On his return to Nigeria, Rev. Dr. Babalola was appointed (after formal age-mandatory retirement from pastorate of the Nigerian Baptist Convention) by his 'alma mater', the Nigerian Baptist Theological Seminary, Ogbomosho, as Director of Academic Affairs, (also termed in other jurisdictions variously as Provost, Dean, Deputy Vice-Chancellor or Pro Vice-Chancellor for Academic Affairs). As Director of Academic Affairs, Rev. Dr. Babalola led the process for starting a series of new postgraduate programs at Master and Doctorate levels, and as professor, taught a number of graduate and undergraduate courses.
Retirement.
Rev. Dr. Babalola and Rev. Mrs. V.T. Babalola retired from official pastoral and academic duties to Oke-Ila Orangun, capital of Ifedayo Local Government, in Osun State. At Oke-Ila, they continue to provide advisory services as they attend the two Baptist churches, and provide general community leadership. More formally, Rev. Dr. Babalola continues to serve since his election at the beginning of the 21st century as President and Chairman of the Board of Oke-Ila Orangun Parapo, his home-town's umbrella association for community development. The election of a formal Executive separate from the Board in December 2009, finally gave some respite and allowed Rev. Dr. and Rev. Mrs. Babalola to resume their frequent overseas travel to visit their children and grandchildren. Rev. Dr. Babalola is also a member of the Board of Directors of Egbe Omo Ibile Igbomina a community development association of the Igbomina sub-ethnic group of the Yoruba.

</doc>
<doc id="20549833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549833" title="Kyiv Civil Activists">
Kyiv Civil Activists

Kyiv Civil Activists or Community asset of Kiev (, Hromadskyi aktyv Kyieva) is a bloc of political parties in the capital of Ukraine, Kiev.
History.
The coalition was founded by Oleksandr Pabat in 2005 as a non-governmental civic activist organization. During the 2008 local election the party won 5.95% of the votes and 8 seats in the Kiev City Council. One candidate was removed from the election list in relation the possible involvement in the washing of "dirty money".
Faction leader Oleksandr Pabat is a self-nominated candidate in the 2010 Ukrainian presidential election. In 2009 Pabat initiated the Peoples' Salvation Army.
Bloc at Kiev city elections.
In the 2008 local election Kyiv Civil Activists had the following composition:

</doc>
<doc id="20549841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549841" title="Mike Budnik">
Mike Budnik

Michael Allan Budnik (born August 8, 1974) is an American mixed martial artist and former professional in-line skater. He competed in the first ten X-Games.
Budnik has been a resident of Sparta Township, New Jersey.
MMA career.
Budnik built up an undefeated 6-0 record fighting close to home before being invited to compete in WEC. He made his debut for the organization on August 3, 2008 at WEC 35 against Greg McIntyre. He won the bout by pulling off a submission due to triangle choke in the third round. 
In his next bout he would face collegiate wrestling champion and fellow Oklahoman Shane Roller. Budnik lost via guillotine choke in the first round.
Budnik competed in a notable fight against UFC veteran Rich Clementi, which he lost due to rear naked choke in the 5th round. Budnik has made it on The Ultimate Fighter 12. Budnik was eliminated on the first episode of The Ultimate Fighter by Nam Phan by 1st round TKO due to a liver shot and punches.
Budnik fought again on July 17, 2010 against UFC Vet Anthony Macias and won the fight in the second round by submission due to an arm triangle choke to improve his record to 9-4.
After recent wins over Scrap Pak fighter and Belator and Strikeforce Vet Johnny Carson, Miletich fighter Brandon Adamson and winning the Combat MMA 155lb. title over rising Oklahoma star Jesse Chaffin, Budnik's winning streak has reached 6 in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="20549866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549866" title="Restless (Within Temptation song)">
Restless (Within Temptation song)

"Restless" is the very first single of the Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It is taken as the first and only single from their debut album "Enter". Although the song was released as a single, it never entered the charts, just like their following single, "Our Farewell". There was no promotional video for the single.
Versions.
The song re-appeared as a shortened remix on the band's "The Dance (EP)". The single version can also be found as a bonus track on the German (2003) and UK (2004) re-releases of the album Mother Earth, while the classical version can be found on the special digipak version of the album.
Live performance.
Like the other songs from the album "Enter", "Restless" isn't performed regularly by the band. A regular live performance can be found on the DVD and Bonus CD of "Mother Earth Tour". A live performance in a special acoustic setting with cello at their gig at the Beursgebouw in Eindhoven was released on DVD with "Black Symphony" (2008) and on CD as a B-side for the band's single "Utopia" (2009). It's also played during the Sanctuary Tour 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20549870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549870" title="Meatless Flyday">
Meatless Flyday

Meatless Flyday is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short produced by Warner Bros., and released on January 29, 1944. The cartoon was directed by Friz Freleng, written by Michael Maltese and animated by Jack Bradbury. The title is a pun on Meatless Friday, a reference to the traditional Roman Catholic practice of abstinence from meat on Fridays.
Plot.
An overconfident and guffawing spider (voiced by Cy Kendall) spots his intended prey, a mute fly, on the ceiling, and indulges in various cat-and-mouse schemes to try to catch him for food, including painting a load of buckshot with "Kandy Kolor" and luring the fly to eat it and drawing him closer with a magnet, which only succeeds in attracting a set of metal cutlery which the spider has to dodge to save himself. He sees the fly on a wedding cake as a bride and dresses as the groom only to be blown up by a dynamite stick, left in blackface. Eventually, the spider catches his prey, and, when he is about to carve him up while singing the song "Would You Like to Take a Walk?", the fly points to a wall calendar giving the day as "Meatless Tuesday", a reference to food rationing during World War II. The frustrated spider runs to the United States Capitol and screams, "You can't do this to me! You can't, you can't!"

</doc>
<doc id="20549878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549878" title="Roman Catholic Bishop of Gibraltar">
Roman Catholic Bishop of Gibraltar

The Bishop of Gibraltar is the Ordinary of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gibraltar which is immediately subject to the Holy See.
The see is in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar where the bishop's seat is located in the Cathedral of St. Mary the Crowned.
The current incumbent is the Right Reverend Ralph Heskett who was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 18 March 2010 and ordained bishop on 10 July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20549881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549881" title="Pyramidulidae">
Pyramidulidae

Pyramidulidae is a family of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea.
Anatomy.
In this family, the number of haploid chromosomes lies between 26 and 30 (according to the values in this table).
Genera.
Genera within the family Pyramidulidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="20549884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549884" title="Metairie Park Country Day School">
Metairie Park Country Day School

Metairie Park Country Day School is a private, nondenominational, co-educational college preparatory school preparatory day school in Metairie, Louisiana, with classes in grades Pre-Kindergarten-12. The campus is located in the Old Metairie section of Metairie, Louisiana.
Campus.
The campus covers with 23 buildings (including one gym and of athletic playing fields). The Physical plant value is $34,000,000. The campus is highly "wired," with Wi-Fi capability throughout the entire School. Lower School uses multiple technology types with Smart Boards in all classrooms. The Middle School uses iPad technology in the classes with e-versions of textbooks, and an HP tablet computer program is used in the Upper School.
Academics.
Country Day offers comprehensive education for students in grades Pre-kindergarten through 12th grade, organized into Lower, Middle and Upper schools.
The school is a member of the Independent Schools Association of the Southwest and the National Association of Independent Schools.
Athletics.
Despite maintaining a "no cut" policy, Country Day's athletic program has brought statewide acclaim. From 2001 to 2007 the School has either won the prestigious Southern Quality Ford Cup or was state runner-up. The Southern Quality Ford Cup is the Louisiana High School Athletic Association's (LHSAA) All Sports Award that recognizes the leading overall athletic program in each of the LHSAA's seven classes. The competition is based on a school's performance in the 23 sports governed by the LHSAA; Country Day currently contends in 17 those sports. Any team that finishes in one of the top four places in the state earns points towards the School's quest for the Cup. At the end of the academic year, the school that has accumulated the most points in its class is recognized with this prestigious award.
In the upper school, 70 to 80 percent of students participate in at least one sport, with 50 to 60 percent involved in two or more sports. Recent Country Day graduates participate in collegiate athletic programs at Dartmouth College, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Southern Methodist University, Mississippi State University, University of California at Santa Barbara, Rhodes College, Louisiana State University, and Auburn University.
Country Day offers students the ability to participate in many sports, including baseball, football, volleyball, softball, basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, swimming, tennis, and track.
Tuition.
The average cost of tuition for pre-kingergarden students per year is $11,950. For grades K through 5th, tuition is $14,560, $17,590 for grades 6th through 8th, and $18,095 for grades 9th through 12th.
School spirit.
School Mascot: Cajuns
School Colors: Red and Royal Blue
School Song: Flags Fly for Country Day
Administration.
Head of School: Carolyn Chandler
Head of Upper School: Howard Barton
Head of Middle School: Paul Frantz
Head of Lower School: Lilian Mullane

</doc>
<doc id="20549895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549895" title="Bethesda unit">
Bethesda unit

A Bethesda unit (BU) is a measure of blood coagulation inhibitor activity. It is the amount of inhibitor that will inactivate half of a coagulant during the incubation period. It is the standard measure used in the United States, and is so named because it was adopted as a standard at a conference in Bethesda, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20549898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549898" title="Shelton Ditch (Oregon)">
Shelton Ditch (Oregon)

Shelton Ditch is an artificial canal in Marion County, Oregon, United States. Built in the mid-19th century, it originates from Mill Creek east of Airport Road in Salem, passes through a corner of the Salem main Post Office property, and along the southern edge of downtown Salem. Shelton Ditch passes by the north side of Pringle Park before emptying into Pringle Creek. After the Mill Race joins Pringle Creek near Salem's city hall, Pringle Creek passes under the Boise Cascade building and empties into the Willamette River next to Riverfront Park across from Minto-Brown Island Park. 
Shelton Ditch passes along the edge of Salem Hospital's property. This has been a problem in the past as Shelton Ditch is prone to flooding, necessitating evacuation of the hospital's patients, including during the Christmas flood of 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20549900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549900" title="Shetland Wren">
Shetland Wren

The Shetland Wren ("Troglodytes troglodytes zetlandicus") is a small passerine bird in the wren family. It is a subspecies of the Eurasian Wren endemic to the Shetland archipelago of Scotland, with the exception of Fair Isle which has its own endemic subspecies, the Fair Isle Wren.
Description.
The Shetland Wren is distinguished by its darker and more rufous-brown colouring from the mainland form, with a heavily barred underside, the barring extending from belly to breast. The bill is stouter and longer and it has stronger legs.
Breeding.
The main breeding habitat of Shetland Wrens is boulder beaches, though when population levels increase some birds will nest further inland.
Status.
An estimate of the population, from the start of the 21st century, was of 1500-3000 breeding pairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20549914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549914" title="Fort Nonsense (Annapolis, Maryland)">
Fort Nonsense (Annapolis, Maryland)

Fort Nonsense is a historic earthen fortification at Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It consists of two arcs of embankments and ditches that date at least to the early 19th century. It is located near on a hilltop which has remained undisturbed by the surrounding Annapolis Naval Ship Research and Development Center. It is the last vestige of Annapolis Harbor fortifications.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20549917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549917" title="2009 TSC Stores Tankard">
2009 TSC Stores Tankard

The 2009 TSC Stores Tankard was the 2009 edition of the Ontario provincial men's curling tournament. It was held on February 2-8 at the Woodstock District Community Complex in Woodstock, Ontario, Canada. The winning team represented Ontario at the 2009 Tim Hortons Brier in Calgary, Alberta (who ended the tournament second in the standings). 
Results.
Draw 1.
February 2, 14:00
Draw 2.
February 2, 19:45
Draw 3.
February 3, 14:00
Draw 4.
February 3, 19:00
Draw 5.
February 4, 14:00
Draw 6.
February 4, 19:00
Draw 7.
February 5, 14:00
Draw 8.
February 5, 19:00
Draw 9.
February 6, 14:00
Playoffs.
3 vs. 4.
"February 6, 1900"
1 vs. 2.
"February 7, 1400"
Semifinal.
"February 7, 1900"
Qualification.
The tournament will consist of ten teams. Two from each of Southern Ontario's four regions and two from a provincial "last chance" qualification tournament. Teams from Northern Ontario will play in that region's provincial championship. Each of the four regions consist of four zones where two teams from which qualify for the regional tournaments.
Zones.
Teams in bold advanced to regionals. 
Teams in "italics" elected to play in the challenge round (see below).
Zone 1.
December 5-7, Navan Curling Club (Navan)
Teams:
Zone 2.
December 20-23, Rideau Curling Club (Ottawa)
Teams:
Zone 3.
December 20-22, Carleton Place Curling Club (Carleton Place)
Teams:
Zone 4.
December 19-21, Marmora & Area Curling Club (Marmora)
Teams:
Zone 5.
December 6-8, Bobcaygeon Curling Club (Bobcaygeon)
Teams:
Zone 6.
December 5-7, Annandale Country Club (Ajax)
Teams:
Zone 7.
December 19-21, Richmond Hill Curling Club (Richmond Hill)
Teams:
Zone 8.
December 20-23, Dixie Curling Club (Mississauga)
Teams:
Zone 9.
December 5-7, Markdale Golf & Curling Club (Markdale)
Teams:
Zone 10.
December 19-21, Penetanguishene Curling Club (Penetanguishene)
Teams:
Zone 11.
December 5-7, Southampton Curling Club (Southampton)
Teams:
Zone 12.
December 5-7, Westmount Golf & Country Club (Kitchener) 
Teams:
Zone 13.
December 20-22, St. Catharines Curling Club (St. Catharines)
Teams:
Zone 14.
December 5-7, Teeswater Curling Club (Teeswater)
Teams:
Zone 15.
December 19-21, Stratford Country Club (Stratford)
Teams:
Zone 16.
December 5-7, Forest Curling & Social Club (Forest)
Teams:
Regions.
All on January 3-4 weekend
Region 1 (Zones 1-4).
Carleton Heights Curling Club, Ottawa
Region 2 (Zones 5-8).
St. George's Golf & Country Club, Islington
Region 3 (Zones 9-12).
Elmira & District Curling Club, Elmira
Region 4 (Zones 11-16).
Sarnia Golf & Curling Club, Sarnia
Challenge Round.
Challenge rounds will be held January 16-19 at the Trenton Curling Club in Trenton and the Grey Granite Club in Owen Sound to determine the last two spots.
Both rounds are double knock-out

</doc>
<doc id="20549966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549966" title="Timescape (disambiguation)">
Timescape (disambiguation)

Timescape may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20549985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20549985" title="Józef Drzazga">
Józef Drzazga

Józef Drzazga (1914–1978) was a Polish Catholic priest, bishop of Warmia from 1972 to 1978. He was the first post-WWII bishop on that post. He has been a titular bishop of "Sinidado" in Warmia since 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20550002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550002" title="Ronald Steuart">
Ronald Steuart

Ronald Hewison Steuart (1898–1988) was a member of Australian Watercolour Institute from 1934–1988, a senior artist and was a life member of the Institute.
Won the Wynne Prize in 1958 with the painting "The Cliff". The Wynne Prize is awarded for "the best landscape painting of Australian scenery in oils or watercolours or for the best example of figure sculpture by Australian artists completed during the 12 months preceding the date".
His work "Hawkesbury Landscape" hangs at the University of New South Wales, and was acquired in 1960. His work "Image" c. 1940s hangs in the Art Gallery of South Australia, while "Mirage" c.1950, an oil on canvas on cardboard 54.0 h x 55.4 w cm, is owned by the National Gallery of Australia. Mirage was purchased in 2007 with the assistance of James Agapitos OAM and Ray Wilson OAM. 
The Art Gallery of NSW own many Steuart works including; Ettalong (7253), Autumn Lagoon (7540), Picnic sketch (6546), A country lane near Cobbity (6479), In a sea pool (7685), The ferry (8561) and River reeds at Tizzana (9242). 
Art Gallery of NSW Steuart collection.

</doc>
<doc id="20550007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550007" title="Old City Hall and Engine House">
Old City Hall and Engine House

The Old City Hall and Engine House is a historic municipal building at Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, three bay brick building built 1821–1822 by the City of Annapolis. It was the first structure erected by the city for municipal purposes. On the first floor was the fire station, with a meeting room for the town council above. In 1868 the city sold the building for commercial purposes.
The Old City Hall and Engine House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20550010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550010" title="Ruta and Daitya">
Ruta and Daitya

Ruta and Daitya is an album released on ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett and drummer Jack DeJohnette. It features seven duet performances recorded in the studio.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 3 stars stating "As such, this is a valuable, underrated transition album that provides perhaps the last glimpse of the electric Keith Jarrett as he embarked on his notorious (and ultimately triumphant) anti-electric crusade.".

</doc>
<doc id="20550012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550012" title="Pittsburgh Hardhats (softball)">
Pittsburgh Hardhats (softball)

The Pittsburgh Hardhats was a men's slow pitch softball team in the American Professional Slo-Pitch League (APSPL) from 1977 to 1980. They then joined the United Professional Softball League (UPSL) for the 1981 and 1982 seasons. The team changed venues twice during its existence, playing the 1977 season and part of the 1978 season at Munhall Municipal Stadium in Munhall, Pennsylvania; finishing the 1978 season at Morrell Field in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania, where the team remained throughout the 1980 season; and ending its playing life at LaRussa Field, Sokol Club, Lower Burrell, Pennsylvania in 1981 and 1982. In 1980 the Hardhats advanced to the Pro Softball World Series where they lost to the Rochester Express, 5-4. Among those who played for the Hardhats was Chuck Lazar, who briefly played for the Pittsburgh Steelers.

</doc>
<doc id="20550027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550027" title="Ian Donald (footballer)">
Ian Donald (footballer)

Ian Richard Donald (born 28 November 1951) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a full back for Manchester United, Partick Thistle and Arbroath in the 1970s. He later took up a position on the Aberdeen board of directors, before eventually becoming chairman in 1994.
Career.
Born in Aberdeen, Donald was a promising Scotland schoolboy international when he was picked up by Manchester United as a 16-year-old in 1968. He turned professional a year later, and made his United debut on 7 October 1970, when he played at right back in the club's 1–0 victory over Portsmouth in the League Cup Third Round. However, it was nearly two years before Donald made another appearance for United, returning to action in the club's 3–0 victory at home to Derby County on 23 September 1972. It looked like Donald was on the verge of an extended run in the first team under Frank O'Farrell, but when O'Farrell was replaced by Tommy Docherty in December 1972, he suddenly found himself out of favour. He transferred to Partick Thistle in January 1973.
Donald was not with Partick for long, however, only making one appearance for the club before the end of the 1972–73 season, when he was transferred to Arbroath. In two seasons with Arbroath, though, Donald only managed four league appearances and he retired from playing at the end of the 1974–75 season.
In 1980, Donald was appointed to the board of directors at Aberdeen, before rising to the position of vice-chairman by 1986, and then becoming chairman in 1994. He left the post in 1998, and remained on the board until 2004, when he was appointed as the club's honorary president.

</doc>
<doc id="20550031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550031" title="Shattered Glass (Laura Branigan song)">
Shattered Glass (Laura Branigan song)

"Shattered Glass" is a song written by Bob Mitchell and Steve Coe which was recorded by Laura Branigan with the Stock/Aitken/Waterman production team to serve as the first single released from Branigan's fifth album, the 1987 release "Touch".
Background.
The song had originally been produced by Mitchell and Coe for Scottish singer Ellie Warren in 1980; Warren recalls "all the stations and media were totally behind ["Shattered Glass", but the record wasn't serviced properly. When the radio was playing it to death, you couldn't buy it in the shops - a ludicrous situation."
"Shattered Glass" was one of two tracks Branigan cut with the Stock/Aitken/Waterman team. Originally the "Touch" album was to totally be a collaboration with producer David Kershenbaum but after completing her recording with Kershenbaum, Branigan, who was especially interested in scoring a strong hit single as her previous album release "Hold Me" had only produced a mild hit in "Spanish Eddie" (#40), made an overnight foray to the UK to record at the PWL Studios in London with Stock/Aitken/Waterman, at the time enjoying massive chart success with releases by such acts as Rick Astley, Bananarama and Dead or Alive. Besides "Shattered Glass", the PWL session produced Branigan's recording of "Whatever I Do (Wherever I Go)" a Stock/Aitken/Waterman original previously recorded in 1984 by Hazell Dean. 
"Shattered Glass" was issued as a single in the US in June 1987 with "Statue in the Rain", a track recorded for "Touch" with David Kershenbaum and omitted from the album to accommodate the inclusion of the Stock/Aitken/Waterman tracks, serving as the B-side; the 12" single version of the track was remixed by Pete Hammond. A music video was made to promote "Shattered Glass", featuring Afa Anoa'i, a wrestler known, with his brother, as one of The Wild Samoans. A performance by Branigan on the 9/5/1987 broadcast of "American Bandstand" gave "Shattered Glass" the distinction of being the final track to be promoted by a guest star on the major network edition of "American Bandstand" but by the time of Branigan's "American Bandstand" appearance the failure of "Shattered Glass" as a comeback vehicle for Branigan was evident, the single having stalled at #48 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 that August. 
"Billboard" did afford "Shattered Glass" hit status on its dance charts: #13 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart and #15 on the Hot Dance Singles Sales, and also on the Hot Adult Contemporary chart (#27). "Shattered Glass" was also the last Laura Branigan single to register in several international markets, although it only attained significant chart impact in Switzerland at #26 and Denmark at #6, the last-named being the final evident Top Ten placing by Branigan on a national chart.
Bryan Buss of AllMusic would later write that, from an album that contained "so many...successfully evocative cuts...lead single 'Shattered Glass'...stand(s) out; you can hardly hold back from caroling along" - "[Branigan's] big, boomy voice...has never sounded better".
"Shattered Glass" appears on the 2007 re-release of "Touch" on Wounded Bird Records and on the collections "" and "The Platinum Collection".
A remake of "Shattered Glass" by Natalie Powers was released on Liberty City Records - June 2009.
November 2012 brought us another remake of this dance classic, this time by 1980's icon, Hazell Dean, with mixes produced by Pete Ware, Yisraelee and Matt Pop.
Track listings.
7" single
12" single

</doc>
<doc id="20550034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550034" title="1966–67 FIBA European Champions Cup">
1966–67 FIBA European Champions Cup

The FIBA European Champions Cup season 1966–67 was the tenth season of the European Champions cup in Basketball. The trophy was won by Real Madrid for the third time, at their home venue Pavilion at the Sports City of Real Madrid, after defeating Simmenthal Milano 91–83.
Quarterfinals.
The quarterfinals were played with a round-robin system, in which every Two Game series (TGS) constituted as one game for the record.

</doc>
<doc id="20550035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550035" title="David Rollason">
David Rollason

David W. Rollason is an English historian and medievalist. He is a Professor in history at Durham University. He specialises in the cult of saints, the history of Northumbria and in the historical writings of Durham, most notably producing a modern edition and translation of the "Libellus de exordio" and co-operating on an edition of the famous Durham "Liber Vitae".
Outside of his academic interests, David Rollason is a keen cyclist, cycling 175 miles from Edinburgh to Seaton Delaval to raise money to assist the National Trust in their purchase of Seaton Delaval Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20550040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550040" title="Cornish jack">
Cornish jack

The Cornish jack, "Mormyrops anguilloides", is a species of weakly electric fish in the family Mormyridae, native to quiet waters in much of Sub-Saharan Africa. The largest species in its family, the Cornish jack is a nocturnal group hunter of smaller fishes, using electricity to locate its prey and communicate with other members of its group. It is a commercial game fish valued for its size and taste.
The common name "Cornish jack" likely originated from European settlers, who thought that this fish resembled the European pike, whose young is known as a "jack" in some parts of England. It is also known as "African carp", a name that is used for several other species.
Distribution and habitat.
The Cornish jack occurs in the White Nile, the Lake Albert drainage basin, inland waters from Senegal to Chad, rivers in Cameroon, and small coastal basins in the Guinean zone. It is also widespread in the Congo River basin, Lakes Malawi and Tanganyika, the Volta River basin, the Whebi Shebeli River, and the Jubba River. In southern Africa, it is restricted to the middle and lower Zambezi, and the Buzi and Pungwe Rivers.
This demersal species is found in tropical freshwater habitats between 22 and 24 degrees C. The juveniles are found in marginal habitats, while the adults prefer deep, quiet water between boulders and below overhangs, away from strong currents. They also occur beneath "Salvinia" mats and in river estuaries in Lake Kariba.
Description.
The body and head of the Cornish jack are elongated; the head is nearly twice as long as high, smooth and depressed in front. The snout is rounded and almost as wide as the head. The mouth is terminal, with the upper jaw slightly longer than the lower, both bearing a single row of small, pointed teeth. The eyes are very small and placed in the front third of the head. The gill openings are small and inclined at an angle. The dorsal and anal fins are set well back on the body; the caudal fin is relatively small and forked with rounded lobes. There are 21–30 fin rays in the dorsal and 38–51 rays in the anal fin. The anal fin of the male differs from that of the female in having longer rays and a pronounced concavity in the anterior half.
The scales are small, numbering 85–100 in the lateral line. The coloration is gray above, lighter silvery white below, often with a bronze or yellow sheen. The juveniles are darker in color, being grayish blue or brown. The meristic characteristics of the body (such as the number of scales, fin rays, and vertebrae) vary by geographic location. The largest members of the family Mormyridae, Cornish jacks attain a maximum known length of 1.5 m and a weight of 15 kg.
Biology and ecology.
Like other mormyrids, Cornish jacks have an electric organ and generate weak pulses of electricity for navigation, finding food, and communication. Electroceptive cells allow it to detect distortions in the electric field surrounding its body, and determine the size, distance, and properties of the causative object.
Feeding.
Adult Cornish jack are primarily piscivorous; along the Bia River, fish in lake environments feed mainly on tilapia ("Sarotherodon" and "Tilapia") with significant seasonal variation in diet, whereas fish in river environments take both fish and crustaceans. The juveniles feed mostly on shrimps and aquatic insect larvae; larger individuals about 17 cm long also take small cichlids, minnows, and labeos. Historically, Cornish jacks have been thought to feed on decomposing matter, as they were known to congregate around human encampments where large amounts of refuse was dumped into the water.
Observations of Cornish jacks in Lake Malawi show that they form relatively stable groups of 2 to 10 individuals. During the day, the group shelters together in caves, and at night they hunt for cichlids together over rocky reefs to a distance of 20 m from their shelter. Occasionally individual fish will temporarily separate from the others after capturing a cichlid. When a potential prey item is detected, the fish will approach to within 1–20 cm before stopping and producing regular pulses of electricity at 20–40 ms intervals. This "stationary probing" behavior could allow the Cornish jack to estimate prey size, as they preferentially target smaller cichlids. After a few seconds, a strike may follow, during which the rate of electrical pulses generated may increase to once every 18–20 ms. In many cases, the targeted cichlid showed little movement prior to capture, indicating that they were unaware of the predator's presence.
Group-hunting Cornish jacks capture more prey and make more successful attacks than those hunting alone. However, it is yet unclear what exact advantages are conferred by the group, as the prey items are not shared between individuals and often individuals steal prey from each other. One possibility is that feeding efficiency is increased by multiple predators making strikes on the same prey fish within a short time of each other.
Communication.
Differences in the waveforms of their electrical pulses may allow Cornish jacks to recognize each other individually, and thus maintain the identity of their groups. Cornish jacks in groups will adjust the rate of their electrical pulses so that they occur at 18–20 ms delays relative to each other; this "echo response", common in mormyrids, is especially robust in Cornish jacks and serves to minimize electrical interference between different individuals. Cornish jack hunting groups have also been recorded producing synchronized bursts of electrical pulses lasting 1–2.5 s every few minutes. These bursts have been proposed to be mutual group recognition signals.
Reproduction.
The Cornish jack is oviparous and spawns in summer during the rainy season. In the upper Ogun River, Cornish jacks and other piscivorous fishes are especially abundant at the beginning and middle of the annual flood, suggesting that they migrate upstream to breed and retreat downstream when the water recedes. The females are fractional spawners and may carry 25,000 or more eggs. In the Baoulé River, this species attains maturity at no less than 34.6 cm long. Their lifespan may be eight or more years.
Relationship to humans.
The Cornish jack is a popular species for anglers and is also taken by spearfishermen. Due to their relatively small mouths, the bait used can be a thin filet of fish, worms, or crabs, and they can be taken by light tackle as they are not known for their fighting abilities. The flesh is held in high esteem; the species name of one of its synonyms, "Mormyrops deliciosus", reflects this fact. Theodore Gill (1902) noted that it was fished for mostly at dawn and sunset, and that a five-foot fish might fetch a price of 25 francs at Boma.

</doc>
<doc id="20550046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550046" title="Tine Rustad Kristiansen">
Tine Rustad Kristiansen

Tine Rustad Kristiansen (born 12 February 1980) is a Norwegian handball player. She currently plays for Larvik HK, and on the Norwegian national team.
She made her debut on the Norwegian national team in 2005, and has played 43 matches and scored 52 goals. Former club is Fjellhammer IL (Norway). She won the Women's EHF Cup Winners' Cup with the club Larvik HK in 2004/2005, and in 2007/2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20550111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550111" title="Pittsburgh Hardhats">
Pittsburgh Hardhats

Pittsburgh Hardhats can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20550127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550127" title="Davidsonville Historic District">
Davidsonville Historic District

Davidsonville Historic District is a national historic district at Davidsonville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is located around a rural crossroads at the intersection of Central Avenue (MD 214) and Davidsonville Road (MD 424). The district consists of fifteen properties: three churches, one commercial building, and eleven houses. They represent the period from the village’s initial settlement in about 1835 through the early 20th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20550128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550128" title="Sings Kristofferson">
Sings Kristofferson

Sings Kristofferson is a studio album recorded by Willie Nelson in 1979 consisting of all covers of Kris Kristofferson songs. It reached #5 on the US Country albums chart, #42 on the US Pop albums charts, and was certified gold in Canada and platinum in the US. The cover is very simple, a single picture of Nelson's face against a black background, with the song titles to the right of his face. The back cover is the same background with both Nelson and Kristofferson's faces together.

</doc>
<doc id="20550130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550130" title="Saint Bobo">
Saint Bobo

Saint Bobo of Provence (, ; died 986) was a Frankish warrior and pilgrim from Noyers (Noghiers). He is known only from the anonymous biography "Vita sancti Bobonis". He built a castle on a hill opposite the Muslim fortress of Fraxinet and led the Christians of Provence to victory in battle with the Muslims in an unknown year. During the battle he had a mystical experience and vowed, if victorious, to renounce war and become a pilgrim devoted to the care of orphans and widows. After the loss of his brother, he went on pilgrimage to Rome and died at Voghera.
Bobo's feast day is May 22 and he is the patron saint of cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="20550139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550139" title="Task-focused interface">
Task-focused interface

The task-focused interface is a type of user interface which extends the desktop metaphor of the graphical user interface to make tasks, not files and folders, the primary unit of interaction. Instead of showing entire hierarchies of information, such as a tree of documents, a task-focused interface shows the subset of the tree that is relevant to the task-at-hand. This addresses the problem of information overload when dealing with large hierarchies, such as those in software systems or large sets of documents. The task-focused interface is composed of a mechanism which allows the user to specify the task being worked on and to switch between active tasks, a model of the task context such as a degree-of-interest (DOI) ranking, a focusing mechanism to filter or highlight the relevant documents. The task-focused interface has been validated with statistically significant increases to knowledge worker productivity. It has been broadly adopted by programmers and is a key part of the Eclipse integrated development environment. The technology is also referred to as the "task context" model and the "task-focused programming" paradigm.
History.
The task-focused interface was invented by Mik Kersten during his PhD at the University of British Columbia in 2004. Kersten previously worked on the aspect-oriented programming team at Xerox PARC and combined the idea of crosscutting aspects and task management. Early precursors to the task-focused interface include the attention-reactive interface metaphor and the "Edit & Read Wear" document editing tool.
The first description of the task-focused interface concepts appeared in a 2005 AOSD conference publication. The first implementation of the task-focused interface started as an open source project called Eclipse Mylyn, created in March 2005. The technology evolved with input and contributions from thousands of open source community developers. In 2006, a research group and the University of Victoria demonstrated the utility of the task-focused interface and degree-of-interest model for ontology visualization. In 2007, the Mylyn implementation was bundled with the majority of Eclipse IDE distributions. In 2008, alternate implementations of task-focused interface became available, including NetBeans Cubeon, and the Tasktop Pro tool for project managers. By 2009, most agile software development and application lifecycle management tools provided integration with Mylyn. In 2011 NBTaskFocus got introduced which provided Mylyn like task-focused features in NetBeans IDE.
Technology.
The primary goal of a task-focused interface is to scope the information shown in a computer application to just that relevant to the user's current task. Based on the user's interactions,
each uniquely identifiable element of information available to the user is assigned a degree-of-interest (DOI) ranking. The more frequently and recently a user has interacted with an element
of information, the higher the DOI for that element for that task.
The DOI rankings for the information elements can be used within a task-focused interface in four ways. Elements below a certain DOI threshold can be "filtered" to reduce the number of elements presented. Elements can be "ranked" according to their DOI; for instance, the elements of highest interest can be shown at the top of a list. The elements can be "decorated" with colours to indicate ranges of DOI. Finally, the display of structured information elements can be "automatically managed" based on DOI; for instance, text corresponding to elements with low DOI can be automatically elided.
The DOI value for each information element interacted with as part of a task can be derived from a stored history of interaction events recorded as the user works with the application. This approach requires a user to indicate the start of a task. The collection of all interaction events that take place during a single task is call a "task context".
Task-focused interfaces have been demonstrated to be effective in reducing information overload and improving productivity.
The Eclipse Mylyn project and NBTaskFocus for NetBeans IDE is an implementation of the Task-Focused Interface. Mylyn filters, sorts, highlights, folds, and manages tree expansion for numerous views within the Eclipse IDE based on the currently active task. NBTaskFocus filters project panels and manages automatic task context for NetBeans IDE.

</doc>
<doc id="20550140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550140" title="Broken Stigma">
Broken Stigma

Broken Stigma is an American rock band from the Southern Maryland area, founded in 2004 by guitarist Jimmy Love (Ryan Thompson) and drummer Gary Keefer. Broken Stigma released their first album, "Broken Glass" on February 1, 2007. Since then, they have received local airplay on 97.7 The Rocket, DC101, 98.3 Star FM, and have been a staple of the Southern Maryland music scene.
History.
Ryan Thompson, who now plays and records under the stage name Jimmy Love, and The Madness, Gary Keefer began playing together in 2000 during their respective freshmen and junior years at Henry E. Lackey High School in Indian Head, Maryland. The time they spent as members of the school's jazz band would play a large part in the band's beginnings. It would not be until the dissolution of Ryan's first band, 3LMR with Lyle Sutay and Adam Weimer, in 2001 that he would ask Gary to officially join him as a founding member in a new group.
Initial rehearsals and gigs featured remaining 3LMR bassist Adam Weimer. The initial outings of the group were billed as "That Band" and featured cover songs of artists such as Deep Purple, Cream, Jimi Hendrix, The Doors, Staind, Three Doors Down, and Metallica. Adam left the band to pursue other interests shortly after their first series of local shows. Ryan and Gary proceeded to rehearse in a church's rectory, as Gary recalls, "Playing the devil's music... it just felt weird playing Black Sabbath in there." It is during this extremely formative period that Ryan and Gary began writing original material that was eventually included on the album "Broken Glass" including "Way Around", "Red Lady", and "One Night Only."
Stigma.
Ryan's then girlfriend joined the band in 2002 as bassist. As he stated in an interview with WSQU 88.9, "This is the worst thing you can do for a band... set us back two years." This period would not all be negative, as it would allow Gary and Ryan to refine nearly an album's worth of material. The band would also settle on the name "Stigma" to perform under. The band won multiple contests in this line-up and played many shows, including an opening slot for the reunion performance of local band "Tyrant." In 2004, Ryan's relationship ended, and so did another chapter for the band.
Broken Stigma.
Broken Stigma's first rehearsal was June 2, 2004, after Ryan called Pat to fill the vacancy in the band, he joined as a keyboard player. Several months later, at the band's suggestion, he would also play bass guitar, at times playing both at the same time. Ryan has stated on several occasions that the band name comes from his belief that "younger groups have a tough time getting gigs and recognition in certain scenes because some club owners think anyone under the age of 62 can only play loud, annoying music. We're going to prove otherwise."
From 2004 to 2006, the band played roughly 100 shows throughout the Washington, DC metro area while recording their debut album. Just before the iTunes release of "Broken Glass", Pat left the band to pursue other musical interests. Ryan and Gary continued the band unhindered, bringing new personnel in overnight to fill the gap.
Fellow Lackey graduate Erich Donahue joined, originally on bass, but Ryan and Gary quickly decided during rehearsals that his guitar sound would compliment the group much more effectively. Erich had played with Stigma as a guest once before. Ryan always held the younger guitarist in extremely high regard, calling him his "guitar soul-mate."
Veteran musician Andy Parker accepted the offer to join the group on bass, and Susie Parker came aboard as keyboardist and backing vocalist, in Feb. 2007. Susie left the group's permanent line-up Feb. 2008 due to other commitments, but continues to make guest appearances at shows and in the studio. Few live recordings of this complete line-up exist, including tracks available on the band's MySpace recorded live at Jammin' Java in 2007. Both Erich and Ryan have classified these poor recordings as "Sub-Par representations of the band's sound".
Music.
"Broken Glass", Broken Stigma's initial release, includes songs written over the course of several different stages in each member's musical development, and their lives, and the evolution throughout the album is subtly detected.
The band's diversity is on prominent display on "Broken Glass." Tracks like "Way Around" and "Fly Away" are pure hard(er) rock, while "Heart Says Yes" and "Sail Away" are melodic ballads. The variety amongst the 11 tracks is welcome, and they manage to tie everything together nicely through recurring sonic themes.
It was very important to Ryan and Gary that the album flow, and were influenced by artists such as Pink Floyd who use atmospheric sounds to tie songs together seamlessly. This is most notable in the transitions between "Sail Away," "Shattered," and the hard rock album closer "One Night Only."
The most popular song from "Broken Glass" is by far "Matter of Time," with its bouncy, singable chorus.
"Live at the State Theatre" captures the band at their first larger venue. Everyone was extremely honored, especially Gary and Ryan, who were very aware of the legends who had walked that stage before them. "It's staggering to walk the same stage that so many of my guitar heroes have walked..." Ryan's over-excitement and appreciation can be heard on the recordings. "I say thank you way too much on that one..." he later said in an interview.
Live performances.
Thanks to the diverse backgrounds of the current personnel, Broken Stigma's shows are always unique, drawing on many influences and styles of music, from folk to heavy metal. They often take requests from audience members, adapting their shows to the tastes of those in attendance.
In addition to their material, Broken Stigma attempt to play whatever covers will please their audience. In one instance, "guests at the show were requesting songs by Johnny Cash, James Brown and other oldies... Those songs seemed to work for the band, because the more they saw the audience groove, the more they got into the music. Guitarist and singer Jimmy Love was lively on the stage, probably because of it. With four buttons undone on his shirt, it was undetermined whether it was because of Sunday’s heat or whether he was just really into the performance."
Discography.
"The Road" (2009 – TBA)
"Broken Glass" (February 2, 2007)
"Live at The State Theatre" (Live, limited release) (June 2005)

</doc>
<doc id="20550155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550155" title="The Day We Had Hitler Home">
The Day We Had Hitler Home

The Day We Had Hitler Home is a 2000 novel by the Australian author Rodney Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20550174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550174" title="Myakka City, Florida">
Myakka City, Florida

Myakka City (also Miakka, Miakka City, or Myakka) is an unincorporated community in southeastern Manatee County, Florida, United States. It lies along State Road 70 near the city of Bradenton, the county seat of Manatee County. Its elevation is , and it is located at (27.3497671, -82.1614780). Although Myakka is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 34251; the ZCTA for ZIP code 34251 had a population of 4,239 at the 2000 census.

</doc>
<doc id="20550180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550180" title="Owensville Historic District">
Owensville Historic District

Owensville Historic District is a national historic district at Owensville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is located around a small crossroads community located at the intersection of Owensville Road (MD 255) and Owensville-Sudley Road. It consists of a concentration of historic buildings leading up to and clustered around the intersecting roads. It consists of 27 buildings, including two church complexes, 16 dwellings with their associated domestic outbuildings, and several agricultural buildings, including tobacco barns. Included in the district is the separately listed Christ Church. Much of the historic building stock dates between 1825 and 1875.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20550200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550200" title="Stephen Wolff">
Stephen Wolff

Stephen Wolff is one of the many fathers of the Internet. He is mainly credited with turning the Internet from a government project into something that proved to have scholarly and commercial interest for the rest of the world. Dr. Wolff realized before most the potential in the Internet and began selling the idea that the Internet could have a profound effect on both the commercial and academic world.
Education.
Stephen Wolff earned a BSc with Highest Honors in Electrical Engineering from Swarthmore College in 1957, and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Princeton University in 1961. In 1962 he continued his studies with post-doctoral work at Imperial College. He taught electrical engineering at the Johns Hopkins University for ten years.
Contributions to the Internet.
For fourteen years, Wolff worked as a communications and technology researcher for the United States Army. While working for the Army, Wolff introduced the UNIX operating system to Army labs in the early 1980s. Also while working for the Army, Wolff managed a research group that participated in the development of ARPANET, a major technology precursor to the Internet.
In 1986, Wolff became Division Director for Networking and Communications Research and Infrastructure at the National Science Foundation where he managed the NSFNET project which included a national backbone network in the U.S. that interconnected NSF sponsored supercomputing centers, regional research and education networks, federal agency networks, and international research and education networks. The five super computing centers were located at Princeton, Cornell, the University of California at San Diego, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and the University of Pittsburgh. Wolff also managed grants to link the nation's universities together into regional networks that connected to the backbone and so provided universal connectivity to the academic community. The NSFNET was compatible with, interconnected to, and eventually replaced the ARPANET network.
Wolff also conceived the Gigabit Testbed, a joint NSF-DARPA project designed to prove the feasibility of IP networking at gigabit speeds.
In 1994, Wolff left NSF and joined Cisco where he helped with projects such as Internet2 and the Abilene Network. Wolff's career at Cisco began as business development manager for the Academic Research and Technology Initiative program. There Wolff helped advance the University Research Project (URP) which supports academic research candidates with grants to further networking technology. He was named the interim Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Internet2 on March 31, 2011.
Major awards.
In 2002 the Internet Society recognized Wolff with its Postel Award. When presenting the award, Internet Society (ISOC) President and CEO Lynn St.Amour said “…Steve helped transform the Internet from an activity that served the specific goals of the research community to a worldwide enterprise which has energized scholarship and commerce throughout the world.”
The Internet Society also recognized Wolff in 1994 for his courage and leadership in advancing the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="20550225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550225" title="Jean Ferris">
Jean Ferris

Jean Ferris (born January 14, 1939) is an American writer best known for young-adult fiction. She now lives in San Diego, California, with her husband who is a lawyer.
Biography.
Ferris was born in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. She started to write at seven years old, keeping a diary. She moved around frequently, attending three high schools and Stanford University, for a B.A. and an M.A. in speech pathology and audiology. Ferris wrote her first novel for young adults ("Amen, Moses Gardenia", published in 1983) when one of her children's 14 year old friends tried to commit suicide. Since then she tried writing screenplays, adult mystery, adult historical novels, and middle-grade novels, but nothing suited her as well as writing for teens. Her two daughters are full grown, and they are both teachers. Ferris' hobbies and interests are: traveling, reading, long walks with friends, movies, theater, and reading books onto tape for the Braille Institute.
Awards.
Awards include: American Library Association Best Books for Young Adults, American Library Association Popular Paperbacks for Young Readers, American Library Association Quick Picks for Young Adults, Best American Library of Epicness, IRA Young Adult Choices, NCSS-CBC Notable Trade Book in the Field of Social Studies, and California Young Reader Medal.
Works.
This trilogy by Ferris is set during the War of 1812. An American girl and a pirate captain fall in love.
She is working on "Quadruple Upon a Marigold" which is expected in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="20550232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550232" title="Sanath Weerakoon">
Sanath Weerakoon

Sanath Rathnayake Weerakoon, is a Sri Lankan Former Government Agent. He served as the Government Agent (District Secretary) for the District of Colombo (1990–1999), Sri Lanka and is considered to be one of the most distinguished and respected officers in the Sri Lankan Administrative Service. He serverd as the Government Agent of Colombo for 10 years under two different governments and is a feat that has not yet been broken. Weerakoon was also the youngest appointed Government Agent, to the District of Puttalam in 1978. The Government Agent is the Administrative Head of public services in the District. The post is one of the oldest in the civil service as it had been established by the British during the colonial era. Weerakoon is the current Chairman of the Sri Lanka Cashew Corporation.
Education.
Weerakoon was educated at Weerakatiya Central School, where he passed the S.S.C (Senior School Certificate) in English Medium 1st Shy. Weerakoon was the only student to do so in Hambantota District in 1956.
In 1957, Weerakoon entered the Tellijawila Central College where successfully completed the H.S.C (Higher School Certificate). He was ranked 40th from the country and entered the University of Ceylon in 1959.
At the age of 22, he graduated from the University of Ceylon with Honours in Geography and was appointed as a Graduate Teacher in the same year. Later at the age of 25, Weerakoon was promoted as the Principal of Tangalle Maha Vidyalaya.
Weerakoon completed his Post Graduate studies at The Hague University in Netherlands, the University of Hawaii in USA & at the United Nations Asia and Far East Institute (UNAFEI) in Japan.
Sri Lanka Administrative Service.
Weerakoon passed the Ceylon Civil Service entrance exam in 1967 when 30000 graduates sat this tough exam and only 70 were successful in passing. In the 1970s the Ceylon Civil Service was abolished and replaced with the Sri Lanka Administrative Service. Weerakoon after 10 years of service in the SLAS, became a Class 1 SLAS Officer.
Weerakoon has since held number of senior positions in the SLAS and notably the below:
1978 - 1982 Government Agent for Puttalam District
1982 - 1982 Commissioner General of the Department of Probation and Child Care Services
1982 - 1986 Director General of the Sri Lanka School of Social Work
1986 - 1987 Additional Secretary to the Ministry of Security for Commercial & Industrial Establishments
1990 - 1999 Government Agent for Colombo District 
1990 - 1999 Additional Secretary to the Cabinet Ministry of Public Administration and Home Affairs
1999 - 2000 Permanent Secretary to the Cabinet Ministry of Plantation Industries
Weerakoon has been a consultant, an advisor and chairman to number of private sector firms, Corporations, Boards & Commissions.
Some of which are as follows:
Chairman of the Urban Development Authority of Sri Lanka
Chairman of the Environmental Council of Sri Lanka
Chairman of the Vocational Council of Sri Lanka
Chairman of the Fair Trading Commission
Consultant to the Human Rights Commission of Sri Lanka
Family.
Sanath is the Eldest son from 8 siblings who was born to Don Johannes Rathnayake Weerakoon and Dona Rosalind Munasinghe.
Sanath Weerakoon married Asoka Palihena in 1972 and they have 3 Children - Thushani, Dushan & Janake.

</doc>
<doc id="20550243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550243" title="Italian auxiliary ship Olterra">
Italian auxiliary ship Olterra

The auxiliary ship "Olterra" was a 5,000 ton Italian tanker scuttled by her own crew at Algeciras in the Bay of Gibraltar on 10 June 1940, after the entry of Italy in World War II. She was recovered in 1942 by a special unit of the Decima Flottiglia MAS to be used as an undercover base for manned torpedoes in order to attack Allied shipping at Gibraltar.
Previous operations.
From 24 September 1940 to 15 September 1942, there were six submarine-borne assaults on Gibraltar. Three of them resulted in the destruction or sinking of a number of Allied freighters, with a total tonnage of some 40,000 tn. Three of them were carried out by human torpedoes launched from the submarine "Scirè"; the other two were the work of combat swimmers.
"Villa Carmela".
After the attacks carried out by the "Scirè", the commander of the Decima MAS realised that, given the limitations of using a submarine as a mother ship for human torpedoes in Gibraltar, it would be more feasible to mount a secret base in neutral Spain. A first step in that direction was taken when a member of the "Decima", Antonio Ramognino, rented a bungalow along the coast road near Algeciras, right in front of a bay used by Allied convoys to drop anchors. The operations from "Villa Carmela" were carried out by combat swimmers. Because Ramognino's wife was a Spanish citizen, he had little difficulty establishing his ‘home’ there.
Five merchant ships were sunk or damaged from July to September 1942 by frogmen using limpet mines. The "Olterra" played the role of advanced observation post for those missions.
Refitting.
At the same time, another officer of the Italian special unit, Lieutenant Licio Visintini, himself a veteran of previous submarine incursions against the “Rock”, learned about the "Olterra" and conceived the idea of a secret mother ship for the "maiali". "Maiale" (literally “pig”) is the Italian nickname for the human torpedoes. Under the pretext of raising the ship to sell it to a Spanish owner, a team of members of the "Decima", disguised as Italian civilian workers, took control of the tanker. The ship was towed to Algeciras, where “repairs” were started. The Italian Navy personnel were helped by two civilian members of the crew. They had remained on board the half sunken oiler along with a Spanish guard for more than two years, in order to protect the rights of the Italian company which owned the "Olterra". Once at docks, some of "Olterra"'s cargo holds and a boiler room were modified by Visintini men into a workshop for the assembling and maintenance of human torpedoes. An improvised observation post was also mounted on the forecastle to watch the Bay of Algeciras and the Allied ships at anchor there. A scene of civilian sailors working to overhaul the ship was meanwhile set up for the outsiders, in order to deceive both British and Spanish authorities. The torpedoes (in spare parts) and other equipment were smuggled into Spain by men of the "Decima" under the pretense of being materials for the ‘works’ on board the "Olterra". Finally, a sliding hatch was open with a cutting torch six feet below the waterline. This would be the exit door of the manned torpedoes, which would launch their attacks from the flooding bilge, right beneath the workshop. The special unit in charge of the operations was dubbed "Squadriglia Ursa Major", after the constellation of the same name.
First incursion.
By the end of the autumn of 1942, the "Olterra" was ready for her mission. The workshop works were completed and all the supplies smuggled from Italy had reached Spain without raising any suspicion. On 6 December 1942, after taking part in Operation Torch, a naval squadron consisting of the battleship , the battle cruiser , the aircraft-carriers and and a number of escort units entered Gibraltar. Visintini planned a three manned torpedoes mission, each of them carrying 2 divers: the leading torpedo, driven by Visintini himself and Petty Officer Magro, the second by 2nd Lieutenant Cella and Sergeant Leone and the third by Midshipman Manisco and Petty Officer Varini. The targets were designated in the following order: for Visintini, "Nelson", for Manisco, "Formidable" and for Cella, "Furious".
The assault craft departed from the "Olterra" during the early hours of 8 December. At 2:15 AM, the first human torpedo reached the area of the boom defences. The motor launches and sentries inside the British base were quietly active and alert, conscious of the danger of a potential attack on the fleet at anchor. One of the security measures taken by the Royal Navy after the summer incursions of combat swimmers was the deployment at Gibraltar of an underwater bomb disposal unit, under the command of Lieutenant Lionel Crabb. A pattern of depth charges was dropped by the motor barges at an interval of three minutes between each one. The craft of Visintini and Magro was apparently hit by one of the charges and destroyed when they were trying to find a breach in the steel net protecting the harbour. Their bodies were recovered by the British some days later and buried at sea with full honors. The second “pig” also endured the strong response of British defences after being uncovered by a searchlight. After an endless chase by anti-submarine boats, the Italian crew decided to scuttle their craft and took shelter on board an American freighter. They discarded their swimsuits before submitting themselves to Gibraltar authorities. The last manned torpedo was caught in the middle of the general alarm across the stronghold, but managed to slip beneath the waters and fool the submarine chasers. The copilot, Leone, became missing during the pursuit and was never found; Cella, meanwhile, abandoned the craft elsewhere, thinking that he was still near Gibraltar or, in the best case, stranded close to the Spanish coast. With the idea of becoming a prisoner of war or being arrested and interned by Spanish authorities in mind, Cella surfaced, only to find that he was just a few meters away from the "Olterra". His torpedo was recovered by the Italians the following day. The two divers captured by the British told their interrogators that the attack was launched by submarine, successfully deceiving Allied intelligence. Nevertheless, the first human torpedoes mission ended in failure.
Second incursion.
After the death of Visintini, Lieutenant Ernesto Notari took charge of the "Ursa Major" unit onboard the "Olterra". Replacements of personnel and materials were also sent from Italy. Owing to the improvements in the boom defenses, the next missions were planned against transport and cargo ships in the anchorage area around the naval base. The end of the war in North Africa and the subsequent Allied landings on Sicily also made the attacks on logistic ships a priority. In May 1943, Commander Borghese, of "Scire", was appointed commander of the "Decima". The night of the 8th was chosen for the next assault, taking advantage of the bad weather and the phase of the moon. Lieutenant Notari, along with his second, Petty Officer Ario Lazzari, was the head of another three-"pig" wave heading for Gibraltar. The second human torpedo was manned by Lieutenant Tadini and Petty Officer Mattera, and the third by Second Lieutenant Cella and Petty Officer Montalenti. In order to divert any British suspicion from the "Olterra", the selected targets were merchant ships at anchor in the farthest point from Algeciras. The gale that was raging at the time hampered the mission, because the current forced them to dive around the targets before they could attach the limpet mines to the hulls. At dawn, all the Italian craft reached their mother ship safely. They had mined three vessels, the American "Liberty" ship "Pat Harrison" (7,000 tons), and the British freighters "Mahsud" (7,500 tons) and "Camerata" (4,875 tons). When the charges exploded, the American transport was heavily damaged and became a total loss. One American sailor was killed by the blast. The "Mahsud" rested on the bay’s bottom with much of the ship still above the water line, while the "Camerata" sank outright. To mislead the British into thinking of combat swimmers instead of manned torpedoes, members of the Italian secret service scattered diving equipment along the shore. The second attempt from the "Olterra" had been a stunning success.
Last mission.
On 25 July, Mussolini was removed from power, a clear signal that Italy was on the brink of collapse. The course of the war and the political changes were no deterrent for the "Decima MAS", which continued to plan and execute attacks on Allied shipping in all fronts. On 10 June, the unit was awarded the "Medaglia d’oro" as a tribute to their deeds. On the night of 3 August 1943, the "Ursa Maior" carried out the last operation against the "Rock". Again, three craft left the "Olterra" in search of their targets: three transport ships at anchor in the bay. Notari led the "pigs" close to the Spanish coast to avoid the searchlights aimed at open sea. His second man was Petty Officer Giannoli, whose training on piloted torpedoes was poor. While the crew was clamping the explosive charge to the keel of a "Liberty" ship, their torpedo spun out of control. Notari opened the diving valves, and the "pig" suddenly crash dived to a depth of 34 meters. Then, the craft surfaced just a few feet from their intended victim. Half conscious and with no trace of his companion, Notari tried to fix the mechanical problems developed by his torpedo, but the diving mechanism was disabled. At the end, he managed to sneak out at full speed, helped by a flock of porpoises which covered his wake. Giannoli was left behind. After waiting two hours on the rudder of the ship, he shouted for help. Once Giannoli was taken on board, a motor launch carrying a member of Crabb’s diving unit was called to the scene. There was little doubt that the ship, the American "Harrison Grey Otis" had been mined. The warhead blew up just seconds before the British diver, Petty Officer Bell, could put his foot on the water. One sailor died and eight others were seriously injured. Like her sister ship "Pat Harrison" in May, the 7,700 tn "Otis" was declared a constructive total loss. Two other Allied ships were also rocked by explosions at the same time, about 4:00 am of 4 August. The Norwegian "Thorshøvdi", of 9,900 tn was broken in two by the blast, while the British "Stanridge" (6,000 tons) sank in shallow water. The last mission of the "Ursa Major" destroyed 23,000 tn of Allied shipping.
Aftermath.
Italy submitted to Allied terms on 8 September 1943. The war was over, this time for good, for the "Olterra". Until then, the British in Gibraltar had no proof to link the presence of the tanker at Algeciras with the raids on their ships. In Leon Goldsworthy's words:
We never found any proof of the part played by the "Olterra" in this affair. From British Naval Headquarters on Gibraltar we could see, with the naked eye, the "Olterra"’s superstructure above the exterior mole at Algeciras. The possibility that the "Olterra" might be associated in some way with the attacks of human torpedoes did not escape us, but there was never the least visible evidence to suggest the actual nature of her participation.
The Spanish authorities tried to hide the evidence, but when Crabb’s diving team boarded the "Olterra" after the Italian armistice, they found spare parts from three different torpedoes. This allowed them to reassemble a full manned torpedo, named "Emily". The craft was lost after six trials at open seas. Crabb met some of his former enemies after the war, including the last commander of the "Ursa Major", Lieutenant Notari.

</doc>
<doc id="20550248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550248" title="Pittsburgh Champions">
Pittsburgh Champions

The Pittsburgh Champions was a men's slow pitch softball team in the North American Softball League (NASL). The league and the team existed for only one season, 1980. The NASL merged with the American Professional Slow Pitch League (APSPL) to form the United Professional Softball League (UPSL). The team ceased to exist after the leagues merged; there already was a professional softball team in Pittsburgh (the Pittsburgh Hardhats of the APSPL) so the Champions were disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="20550251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550251" title="Uncial 0281">
Uncial 0281

Uncial 0281 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 7th or 8th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 6-27, on 47 parchment leaves (20 cm by 17 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 20 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text contains part of the Old Testament.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th or 8th century.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the late Alexandrian text-type. 
It agrees 18 times with Codex Sinaiticus and 12 times with Codex Vaticanus.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery, Sinai in May 1975, during restoration work. Currently the codex is housed at the monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 29). 

</doc>
<doc id="20550264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550264" title="Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic School">
Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic School

Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic School (SHJCS) is a private Catholic school located in Santa Mesa, Manila, beside this is the Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish. The school's name is named after their parish patron, Sacred Heart of Jesus. The school was formerly known as Sta. Mesa Parochial School. The director of the school is the Rev. Fr. Marion C. Munda and the principal is Dr. Henry A. Davalos.

</doc>
<doc id="20550265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550265" title="Paul Althouse">
Paul Althouse

Paul Shearer Althouse (December 2, 1889 – February 6, 1954) was an American opera singer. He began his career as a lyric tenor with a robust Italianate sound, excelling in roles like Cavaradossi, Pinkerton, and Turiddu. He later branched out into the dramatic tenor repertoire, finding particular success in portraying Wagnerian heroes. He enjoyed a particularly fruitful association with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City.
Biography.
He was born in Reading, Pennsylvania on December 2, 1889. Althouse sang as a boy soprano in the choir of his hometown's Episcopal Church. He received his first voice lessons at the church from Evelyn Essick. He studied music at Bucknell University and then singing privately with Perley Dunn Aldrich in Philadelphia and Oscar Saenger and Percy Rector Stevens in New York. He made his professional opera debut with the Philadelphia-Chicago Grand Opera Company as the title hero in Charles Gounod's "Faust" in an out of town engagement in New York City.
Althouse debuted at the Metropolitan opera in a small role in "The Magic Flute" on November 23, 1912. His first major assignment with that company came on March 19, 1913 as Grigory in the United States premiere of Mussorgsky's "Boris Godunov" under the baton of Arturo Toscanini. He was notably the first American tenor without European experience to sing at the Met.
Althouse remained at the Met through 1920, during which time he participated in the world premieres of Victor Herbert's "Madeleine" (François, 1914), Umberto Giordano’s "Madame Sans-Gêne" (Neipperg, 1915), Reginald de Koven's "The Canterbury Pilgrims" (Squire, 1917), Charles Wakefield Cadman’s "Shanewis" (Lionel, 1918) and Joseph Carl Breil’s "The Legend" (Stephen, 1919). His other roles at the house during these years included: Cavaradossi in "Tosca", Froh in "Das Rheingold", the Italian Singer in "Der Rosenkavalier", Nicias in "Thaïs", Pinkerton in "Madama Butterfly", Turiddu in "Cavalleria Rusticana", Uin-San-Lui in Franco Leoni's "L'Oracolo", Walther in "Tannhäuser", Vladimir in "Prince Igor", and the title role in "Oberon".
Althouse spent much of the 1920s dedicated to concert performances. After a five-year absence from opera, he appeared as Faust in San Francisco in 1925. He joined the roster of singers at the Philadelphia Civic Opera Company (PCOC) that year, making his debut with the company as Avito in "L'amore dei tre re". He also sang Samson in "Samson and Delilah" and Don José in "Carmen" with the company that year. He visited the Bayreuth Festival in the summer of 1925, and decided he wanted to train as a Heldentenor. He made his first foray into that heavier repertoire at the PCOC as Tristan in "Tristan und Isolde" on March 25, 1926. He continued to perform with the PGOC annually through 1929 in such roles as Canio in "Pagliacci", Pinkerton, Radamès in "Aida", Siegmund in "Die Walküre", and Walther von Stolzing in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg".
In 1929 Althouse made his first appearances at major European opera houses, appearing at the Berlin State Opera, the Staatsoper Stuttgart, and the Royal Swedish Opera, mainly as Turiddu and as Canio. That same year he also performed in concerts with the Eaton Choral Society in Toronto. In 1930 he sang at the Chicago Civic Opera as Tannhauser and Siegmund. In 1931 he sang the title role in Stravinsky's "Oedipus rex" with the Philadelphia Orchestra under conductor Leopold Stokowski. He sang Tristan and Siegfried in concert with the orchestra the following year. In 1933 he sang Tristan in San Francisco. 
After a thirteen-year absence, Althouse returned to the Met on February 26, 1933 for a special concert honoring Giulio Gatti-Casazza. He next appeared on stage as Siegmund in "Die Walküre" on February 3, 1934 with Frida Leider as Brünnhilde. He appeared annually at Met for the next six years, singing such roles as Aegisth in "Elektra", Loge in "Das Rheingold", Pinkerton, Tristan, Walther von Stolzing, and the title role in "Lohengrin". His last appearance at the Met was in a concert evening on February 18, 1940. 
Althouse retired from the stage in 1945, after which he dedicated himself to teaching. Amongst his pupils were Richard Tucker, Eleanor Steber, Astrid Varnay, and Léopold Simoneau.
He died on February 6, 1954.
External links.
Audio
Images
Other

</doc>
<doc id="20550271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550271" title="Woodwardville Historic District">
Woodwardville Historic District

Woodwardville Historic District is a national historic district at Woodwardville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The district consists of 16 historic structures, most of which are located adjacent to Patuxent Road, which runs through the center of the village of Woodwardville. The district contains good examples of late-19th and early-20th century domestic architecture, including Bungalow, Foursquare, Tudor Revival, and Queen Anne styles. The village's development was directly related to the construction of the Baltimore & Potomac Railroad, initiated in 1867 and completed in 1872.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20550277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550277" title="Flight 33 Productions">
Flight 33 Productions

Flight 33 Productions is a documentary production company that was started in 2006 and has produced numerous programs for History channel, Discovery, Nat Geo, 3net, and Comcast. The company's credits include the Emmy Award winning documentary "", the Emmy Nominated special "Life After People", and the popular History series "The Universe". Flight 33 also produced season two of the History series "Shootout!" and the 2007 special "Siberian Apocalypse".
Recent productions include, Rocket City Rednecks "History of the World in 2 Hours", "Navajo Cops", and "When Aliens Attack". 
Flight 33 programs also include "Battle 360" (2008), "Biblical Mysteries Explained" (2008) "" (2009), "Patton 360" (2009), "Seven Deadly Sins" (2009),and "Prehistoric" (2009).
In 2011, Rocket City Rednecks premiered as the highest rated new series of the year for the National Geographic Channel. It is currently in its 2nd season.
Flight 33 has also produced over twenty-five 3D programs, including the first ever 3D TV documentary - The Universe: Seven Wonders of The Solar System for History and Sky. Other 3D projects include, The Universe: Season Six, WW2 in 3D, History of the World in Two Hours, the 3D series Forgotten Planet and Live Fire for 3Net, and Roller Coasters, Perfecting Parkour, and The Colt Gun Factory for Comcast’s Xfinity.
Flight 33 is led by Executive Producers Louis Tarantino and Douglas Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="20550280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550280" title="Justin Haskins">
Justin Haskins

Justin Haskins is an American mixed martial artist originally from Red Bank, New Jersey, who formerly fought out of Jupiter, Florida but currently trains and resides in New Jersey with Kurt Pellegrino.

</doc>
<doc id="20550306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550306" title="WGKC">
WGKC

WGKC (105.9 FM, "U.S. 105.9") is a country music radio station licensed to Mahomet, Illinois and broadcasting in the Champaign-Urbana, Illinois radio market. The station is owned by SJ Broadcasting, LLC. 
History.
WGKC was originally WHZT and was started by Adlai Stevenson IV, grandson of former presidential candidate Adlai Stevenson II, in 1990. WHZT was later owned and operated by Odyssey Communications, Inc. Oddyssey ran the syndicated Z-Rock format. Z-Rock was known as the station in Champaign-Urbana with the hearse. 
Odyssey Communications sold WHZT in 1996 to Liberty Radio II, Inc. The new owners dropped the Z-Rock format and the WHZT call letters. On November 15, 1996 WHZT became Classic Rock 105.9 WGKC. The station gained its name from WCKG in Chicago, which was a classic rock station at the time. The first song played on WGKC was "Start Me Up" by The Rolling Stones.
WGKC was mostly jockless minus a live and local morning show hosted by Dennis Miller (not the comedian). In 1999, Liberty Radio moved syndicated morning duo Bob and Tom from sister station, WZNF "Rock 95-3", to WGKC. 
In March 2000 Liberty Radio II, Inc. sold WGKC along with sister stations WQQB, WZNF, and WEBX to AAA Entertainment, LLC. The stations were subsequently purchased by one of the principals of Liberty Radio II, Jim Glassman under his new company (RadioStar, Inc.) in 2006.
On May 21, 2010 it was announced that RadioStar, Inc. was in the process of selling WGKC to SJ Broadcasting LLC. SJ Broadcasting is operated by Steve "Stevie Jay" Khachaturian and Clint Atkins (before Atkins' death in March 2011).
In 2011, the station replaced Bob and Tom with ESPN's Mike and Mike in the Morning.
In 2012, WGKC became the Champaign affiliate of the Chicago Cubs, as they took over from WDWS, who had been broadcating the Cubs for one year.
On January 14, 2013 WGKC changed their format to country, branded as "US 105.9".

</doc>
<doc id="20550312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550312" title="The Carnegie Hall Concert">
The Carnegie Hall Concert

The Carnegie Hall Concert is a live solo piano album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 2006. It was recorded in concert on September 26, 2005 at the Isaac Stern Auditorium, Carnegie Hall, New York City. 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "This is a Jarrett solo set for the ages; it showcases, since his full return in 1997, his renewed and restless commitment to the music and to himself as an artist.".

</doc>
<doc id="20550330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550330" title="Schooled">
Schooled

Schooled may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20550353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550353" title="Murder of Jill-Lyn Euto">
Murder of Jill-Lyn Euto

Jill-Lyn Euto (March 20, 1982 – January 28, 2001) was an 18-year-old murder victim from Syracuse, New York. Her mother found her stabbed to death in her apartment. Her murder remains unsolved.
Biography.
Euto was studying to be a paramedic while working at Aeropostale clothing stores in local Syracuse malls.
Euto's murder.
Euto was stabbed to death in her sixth-floor apartment at 600 James Street in Syracuse, NY on Super Bowl Sunday January 28, 2001. Investigators have stated that the murder occurred between noon and 3 pm. No locks were broken, no money was taken. Based on eyewitness reports, whoever killed her did not come into the building with her. The murder weapon was one of Euto's own kitchen knives. Her mother, Joanne Browning, found the body.
Investigation.
To date, police have not publicly identified any suspects.
Aftermath.
Following the murder, Joanne Browning appeared on national television on shows such as Sally Jesse Raphael, Montel Williams, and the case has been profiled on America's Most Wanted.
In 2006, Joanne Browning filed a lawsuit against the property owner of the apartment. The complaint alleged that the property owners failed to "take minimal precautions to protect decedent from foreseeable harm from the criminal conduct of a thirdparty." The case was dismissed due to lack of proof of negligence on behalf of the property owner.
An annual candlelight vigil for Jill took place from 2001 to 2007 to remember Jill and raise awareness. 

</doc>
<doc id="20550358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550358" title="Jen Sookfong Lee">
Jen Sookfong Lee

Jen Sookfong Lee is a Canadian broadcaster and novelist. A radio personality for CBC Radio One in Vancouver, British Columbia, she contributes a regular literary segment called "Westcoast Words" to "On the Coast" and "All Points West", the network's local programs in Vancouver and Victoria, and is also a regular contributor to the national network program "The Next Chapter". In the CBC's national "Canada Reads" competition in 2009, she defended Brian Francis's novel "Fruit".
Her published works include the novels "The End of East" (2007) and "The Better Mother" (2011), the young adult novel "Shelter" (2011) and the short story "Chill, Hush" in the anthology "TOK: Writing the New City" (2009).
She and her husband reside in East Vancouver, British Columbia.
She served on the jury for the 2011 Dayne Ogilvie Prize, a literary award for emerging LGBT writers in Canada, selecting Farzana Doctor as that year's winner.

</doc>
<doc id="20550363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20550363" title="2009 Cotton Bowl Classic">
2009 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 2009 AT&T Cotton Bowl Classic was the 73rd edition of the annual college football bowl game that was part of the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season and was one of 34 games in the 2008-09 bowl season. The game featured the Ole Miss Rebels of the Southeastern Conference and the Texas Tech Red Raiders of the Big 12 Conference. Ole Miss won the game 47–34, in what turned out to be the highest scoring game in front of the largest Cotton Bowl Classic crowd in history.
The game was played on January 2, 2009, at the self-named stadium in Dallas, Texas, and was televised in the United States on FOX. This was the final Cotton Bowl Classic to be played at the stadium in the home of the State Fair of Texas, Fair Park. Starting in 2010, the game will be played at Cowboys Stadium in nearby Arlington.
Game summary.
First Half.
Texas Tech was able to convert a pair of early turnovers into an early lead. The Raiders had the first two scores (both touchdowns) of the game with a 35-yard pass from Graham Harrell at the 6:31 mark of the first quarter and a Darcel McBath 45 yard interception return at the 5:22 mark of the first quarter to start the game with a 14-0 lead over the Ole Miss Rebels.
However, Ole Miss quarterback Jevan Snead was able to lead the Rebels to touchdowns on their next three drives, and a late field goal by Joshua Shene put the Rebels up 24-21 going into halftime.
Second Half.
The second half began with a Marshay Green 65-yard interception return for the Rebels which gave them a 10-point lead, 31-21. Ole Miss would remain in the lead over Texas Tech for the rest of the game, ending with a final score of 47-34.
By the end of the game, fans were chanting "S-E-C! S-E-C!" in reference to the Southeastern Conference, which Ole Miss is a part of, and the perceived rivalry with the Big 12 Conference, with which Texas Tech is a part of. This had another meaning, as it foreshadowed the next week in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game, which pitted the Florida Gators, also of the SEC, against the Oklahoma Sooners, also of the Big 12.
Records.
The game was the highest scoring game in Cotton Bowl history.
After the game, the Rebels are 20-12 all-time in bowl games, with this being their fourth Cotton Bowl appearance. In their last appearance, they beat Oklahoma State by three points in the 2004 Cotton Bowl.
After the game, Texas Tech is now 10-21-1 all-time in bowl games. Ole Miss had 223 yards of rushing offense compared to 105 for Texas Tech.
Graham Harrell record.
In the game, Graham Harrell broke the record for more touchdown passes thrown than anyone in major-college history. Harrell first tied, then broke, the record with two scoring passes. The record-setting 132nd touchdown pass was a two-yard slant to Michael Crabtree early in the second quarter. (Colt Brennan had previously held the record with Hawaii, having 131 from 2005 to 2007.) Harrell passed for 364 yards, which is a Cotton Bowl record, and finished his collegiate career with 15,793 yards passing and 134 TDs.

</doc>
