<doc id="20680568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680568" title="Alejandra Palma">
Alejandra Palma

Alejandra S. Palma (born July 17, 1960) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680579" title="The Trial of Martin Ross">
The Trial of Martin Ross

The Trial of Martin Ross is a novel by the American writer Alfred Kern. 
It is set in the late 1960s over Thanksgiving weekend in Buchanan, Pennsylvania (a fictionalized Meadville, north of Pittsburgh). Martin Ross and his wife Janet celebrate the holiday alone and for the first time without their three children, now grown. As a storm dumps a heavy snow, Ross, a liberal lawyer in a conservative town, reads the proofs of his son’s first novel, set in a fictionalized Buchanan. Quickly he realizes the novel is an indictment of himself and his life’s work, and he struggles to defend himself to his son across the generational chasm.

</doc>
<doc id="20680580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680580" title="St. Joseph's College, Devagiri">
St. Joseph's College, Devagiri

St. Joseph's College, popularly known as Devagiri College, is a college in Calicut, Kerala State, India offering graduation and post-graduation courses in arts and science. Students and alumni of the college are termed ‘Devagirians’. The college is in the Devagiri hills about 8 km east of Calicut (Kozhikode) city. It is run by the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate (CMI), an indigenous religious congregation founded in 1831.
History.
Envisioned by the CMI congregation and established in 1956, St. Joseph's College was formally inaugurated by the then-governor of Madras. With great visionaries in its administrative hierarchy and eminent scholars on the teaching staff, Devagiri College set a fast pace of development, adding two prestigious post-graduate departments and a sports pavilion within five years of its inception. With high-ranking students from Kerala converging at this premier institution, the sprawling campus became an enviable place of excellence. First affiliated to the University of Madras and then to the University of Kerala, the college is now under the University of Calicut.
Maintaining an ideal ambiance and striking a delicate balance between curricular and co-curricular activities, Devagiri has been able to turn out more than 120 toppers in university examinations, come out the university athletic champions seventeen times, produce artists who have won laurels at national level, and nurture sportsmen and professionals of international reputation.
Academics.
Devagiri has emerged as one of the excellent educational institutions under the university today by upholding quality and principles. Claiming a long history of securing firsts in academics and in arts fete, Devagiri bagged whopping 15 ranks in an academic year. With ten post-graduate departments, four research centres, and wings offering M. G. University's off-campus programmes and courses recognized by DOEACC and ICAI, Devagiri College has maintained its reputation for diversification. The college so far bagged 150 first and second ranks since 1962. Nearly 100 students have passed the UGC-CSIR and JRF examinations from the college.
Sports.
Devagiri College has been the cradle of innumerable sportsmen in the past half century as an area where sports talent bloomed to national and international recognition.
Facilities.
Situated on a small hill, Devagiri is blessed with rare scenic beauty. The six-acre campus of sprawling greenery houses a nursery, a higher secondary school, schools for the physically and mentally challenged, men’s and women’s hostels, staff quarters and a chapel. The institution has an eight-lane track stadium, an auditorium and an open-air theatre, a computerized library (one of the biggest in Kerala) of about 50,000 books and journals, 47 computers installed in departments and laboratories, and independent Internet facility at appropriate locations. About half of the 75 permanent teachers are PhDs or rank holders. More than a score of forums and clubs supplement the effort of the teachers.
Recognition.
In January 2011, NAAC accredited the college with Grade A (CGPA 3.63) and UGC recognised it as 'College with Potential for Excellence'. Devagiri College is the topmost NAAC-accredited college in Kerala with the highest CGPA. It is for achievements of this sort that the survey conducted by "India Today" zeroed in on Devagiri as one of the best ten colleges in Kerala; SS Music Channel, Chennai singled out Devagiri for a special episode telecast in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20680599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680599" title="Duan goat">
Duan goat

The Duan goat breed from Guangxi Province in China is used for the production of meat. It has a black, white, or pied coat coloration.
Sources.
Duan Goat

</doc>
<doc id="20680604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680604" title="Centered riding">
Centered riding

Centered Riding is a method of riding and riding instruction that is based on the idea of having the rider seated in the most effective position. It combines elements of martial arts, yoga, and T'ai chi ch'uan with knowledge of horsemanship to create a system where the rider is centered and balanced in the saddle. Originally developed by Sally Swift, since her death, Centered Riding has been trademarked by a non-profit educational organization that promotes awareness and teaches the principles of Centered Riding internationally. The widespread acceptance of the method marked a significant shift in horsemanship from rote, military-style instruction to a more psychological approach.
The basic components of the centered riding system are "soft eyes", breathing, balance or building blocks, and centering. Soft Eyes is a concept used in many sports in order to relax the athlete and expand their peripheral vision. Swift recommended that riders relax their visual acuity and direct more attention to the tactile interaction between horse and rider. This action alone tends to relax the rider and soften their cues. Breathing techniques are used in all sports. Breathing from your diaphragm relaxes the rider and makes them more athletically capable. For example some athletes add breathing exercises to their daily training routine. 
Balance or building blocks uses ideas from martial arts and tai chi in order to sit the rider deeper in the saddle which makes them more effective and able to move with their horse.
Centering is a process also done in T'ai chi ch'uan that helps the rider to find their center of balance. This allows the rider to remain centered no matter how the horse moves underneath them.
History.
Centered riding was created by Sally Swift (1913 - 2 April 2009). At seven years old, Swift was diagnosed with scoliosis. which became part of her daily life and was later instrumental in her development of Centered Riding. After the diagnosis and well into her twenties, she worked with Mabel Todd, author of "The Thinking Body" and learned the techniques of "body awareness". Swift then studied the Alexander Technique and applied it to riding. Sally’s work with the Alexander Technique enabled her to discard the back brace she had worn for many years. The Technique added significantly to the depth and subtlety of her teaching. Swift learned to work with areas of the body rather than with specific muscles and used a balanced approach, teaching to both sides of the brain.
At age 62, after retiring from a career in agriculture including the American Holstein (cattle) Association, Swift focused full-time on riding instruction and the development of her Centered Riding Techniques. As she developed her techniques and taught people about the Four Basics of Centered Riding, she also published two books that serve as the foundation manuals for the technique, as well as a number of other articles and videotapes.
Today, Centered Riding also offers a certification program in order to teach people how to instruct how to teach the Centered Riding techniques. This offers people around the world a way of receiving Centered Riding instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="20680609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680609" title="2000 Indian Wells Masters – Men's Singles">
2000 Indian Wells Masters – Men's Singles

Mark Philippoussis was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Álex Corretja won the title, defeating Thomas Enqvist 6–4, 6–4, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20680612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680612" title="Lebanese Commando Regiment">
Lebanese Commando Regiment

The Lebanese Commando Regiment, also called Maghaweer () was founded in October 1966, and is considered the first special forces regiment in the Lebanese Armed Forces. The regiment is also a member of the Lebanese Special Operations Command and is the largest of the Lebanese special units.
History.
The regiment was founded in October 1966 under the instructions of the commander-in-chief, General Emile Boustany. During the Lebanese Civil War, the regiment was divided among the different divided commands. A result of one of the divisions was the foundation of the counter-sabotage regiment or Al-Moukafaha.
The regiment has long been considered the only special unit and the strongest regiment among the other Lebanese Army regiments. However, with the introduction of the other special regiments, such as the Navy SEALs Regiment, this regiment is no longer considered as such. Nevertheless, the term "Maghaweer" still means to civilians the strongest unit that is available for the hardest tasks, and still refers to this specific regiment.
Foundation.
According to Major General Mahmoud Tay Abou-Dargham, the founder of the regiment, the idea came to discussions in 1960 by the commander-in-chief of the Lebanese Armed Forces General Emile Boustany. In 1966, the command took the decision and called after Captain Abou-Dargham who was ordered to start establishing a commando unit. The initial size was specified to be 250 soldiers, and thus Captain Abou-Dargham started the recruitment process to achieve that number. In addition to the recruited soldiers, trainer officers were chosen to conduct the training, among them Colonel Commando Makhoul Hakmé and Colonel Commando Nabih Farhat who followed commando courses at the Saika school in Egypt. The new unit was equipped with Beretta rifles from the army reserves, and dressed in a unique uniform.
The first commando course lasted for two months, and the result came up shockingly short to the LAF command. Only 65 out of the initial 250 soldiers were able to complete the course. The commander of the LAF General Boustani called after Captain Abou-Dargham inquiring about the result, and complaining about the low numbers. Subsequently, another course was made, resulting in an increase to 150 commandos.
Main tasks.
To conduct specialized operations such as reconnaissance, unconventional warfare, Urban warfare, Combat search and rescue, and counter-terrorism. In addition to those, the regiment is tasked to sustain the internal security.
Uniform and insignia.
The official uniform is a digital pattern similar to the MARPAT Woodland. The regiment also uses a Tigerstripe pattern of dark and light green and very light and dark brown, that's in addition to the U.S. style Woodland Camouflage fatigues. Desert boots were newly employed by the regiment. Prior to 2008 the official boot was a brown one. The beret is a bordeaux beret, as all the "Maghaweer" units in the LAF, with the regiment's insignia and a metallic LAF logo.
The regiment's shoulder badge, has a red background with a Tiger face and sword held by a hand behind it. The name of the regiment is placed at the top of the insignia in Arabic.
Weapons, equipment and vehicles.
The units weapons consist of mainly U.S. weapons, various weapons are used such as the M4 Carbine assault rifle with M203 grenade launcher, M16 and assault rifles, M249 SAW, FN MAG, Barrett M107 .50 Cal. sniper, M24 sniper, Steyr SSG 69, SVD rifle, M72 LAW, At-4, Mk 19 grenade launcher, M141 Bunker Defeat Munition, various mortars.
The list of vehicles include M113, VAB, Panhard AML 90, AIFV-B-C25, HMMWV, CUCV, M151 MUTT jeep, and M35 trucks. The main camouflage of the vehicles is a 3 tone (green, beige, and black) digital pattern. They also use a Tigerstripe camouflage similar to that of the uniform, woodland and white camouflage.
Selection and training.
A commando soldier candidate is selected based on a sports test, a general information test, and a medical test. After successfully passing these three tests, the candidates undergo an intensive course in the regiment for one month. This course includes various sports: climbing, rope-handling, spear-fighting, close combat, aerial journeys, and walking with full gear. This course intends to prepare the candidates to follow a commando course for two months at the Special Forces School, after which graduates follow the companies of the commando regiment, and follow additional specialization training in explosives, effective use of arms, reading maps, signals, and first aid procedures. After that stage, soldiers are prepared to get used to combat within a squad, then a platoon, then a company.
Annual course for new soldiers.
The annual training program for the newly joined soldiers in the regiment is composed of three stages:
Preparatory stage.
This stage lasts one month, it prepares non-commissioned officers trainers after following studies in training techniques. In addition to preparing the training program, selecting the special studies to be included, and selecting the training sites. Selecting the sites takes into consideration having a variety of locations with different terrains, nature, and weather conditions.
Moreover, this stage involves preparing the orientation plans, according to the plans published by the orientation directorate, in addition to sports competitions based on which companies are evaluated.
Technical training.
This stage lasts three months, it prepares the soldiers technically, for this reason they follow various courses such as driving various vehicles including jeeps, trucks, trailers, APCs, and snowmobiles. This stage also includes training on arms-handling, in addition to educational sessions on using computers, secretariat, and signals.
Tactical training.
This stage lasts for eight months, it includes all levels of combat courses, starting with special training for individual fighting, followed by training on operations within a squad, up to the level of a platoon, and ultimately to a company level and a tactical branch level. The goal behind this is to create harmony and good coordination among the group regardless of its size.
A raiding course is taken annually by all the soldiers at the Special Forces School. In addition, soldiers stay off-base for four days, during which they perform special combat operations that include reconnaissance patrols, raids, ambushes (during day & night, against vehicles and soldiers), tracing, chasing, storming, and destroying artillery emplacements.
A course on dealing with helicopters is also taken by all soldiers. During this course they get to know the capabilities of the helicopters, and learn how to equip it and prepare it to perform a tactical mission. Soldiers also train on jumping out of helicopters from low altitudes onto land and into sea, and also train on landing from helicopters using ropes. This course is finalized by conducting a tactical maneuver during which soldiers perform an airborne operation using helicopters on a specific area to perform a mission, given that the helicopter will return later to pick them up at a specific time from another predetermined check point. A unit that fails to reach the check point in time to catch up to the helicopter is left where it is and has to return to the main meeting point of all units on foot.
Selecting NCO trainers.
A non-commissioned officer who is planning to become a commando trainer must be a graduate of the Teaching Institute, and must have followed a commando course, explosives course, and a storming course. In addition, candidates are selected according to qualifications related to leadership and the individual's ability to command. These trainers, follow additional special courses to further develop their experience, enhance their self-confidence, and rehabilitate their intellectual and physical capabilities.
Annual training camp.
The regiment conducts a large scale training camp on a yearly basis, this training lasts three months, and includes similar training to the tactical stage of the new soldiers.
During this camp, soldiers follow special commando combat training, in addition to survival training, where soldiers are left alone is a deserted area without food, water, or any mean to aid them. Soldiers have to cope with nature, sustain themselves in face of harsh conditions, and perform the requested mission. Soldiers at this stage are also deprived from having enough sleep, as they are only allowed to sleep for two to three hours a day.
Every stage of the training is finalized by a tactical maneuver with live ammunition.
Specialized scheduled courses.
In addition to the annual training program, the regiment always hosts specialized courses followed by specialized soldiers from the various companies accordingly. Among these specialized courses are:
On-going training.
Each commando performs four firing sessions per year performed over the different seasons. Although, sniper specialists perform firing sessions once per month each year; a total of 12 times per year.
An in-base race of 5 km is performed by soldiers each month with full gear on. In addition, a general sports assessment on the regiment level is performed twice a year, and four times on company level.
Mountain Combat Company.
Established on February 11, 1998, with the assistance of the French army, as a branch specialized in Mountain warfare and directly related to the Lebanese Army command. However, it was included in the commando regiment as a member company as of 1999. The company is headquartered at Soukour al-Kimam miliatry base (Mountain Hawks military base). The head count of trained mountains soldiers reached the level of 2 combat companies in preparation to a full fledged Mountains Combat Regiment.
Present organization.
The company includes:
Training and courses.
The principles and basics of combat are applied the same; however in a mean that suits the type of land and weather condition where this company is active. The members of the company follow several gradual courses for that purpose, as follows:
Two French Army teams annually train the members of the company over both stages (winter and summer). In addition, some officers and soldiers, follow related courses in France.
Emblem.
The emblem of the company is made out of an angry wolf face with a trumpet around it, decorated by a cedar. Each symbol has a specific meaning:
Operation Nahr el-Bared.
During Operation Nahr el-Bared, the head of this company, Colonel Ibrahim Salloum, was injured twice; however, he insisted to remain in the battle and ended up dying from a fatal gunshot.
Operational deployments.
This regiment was always among the first to be called upon to hot spots in the country. It has a long history of operations, especially during the Liberation War against Syria.
"This table does not include all the missions"
In addition to those operations, the commando regiment was used to restore and maintain order in some Lebanese cities at different occasions whenever major clashes or civil strife took place.

</doc>
<doc id="20680613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680613" title="Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology">
Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology

The Nencki Institute of Experimental Biology is a scientific research organization headquartered in Warsaw.
Early history.
It was founded in 1918/19, shortly after the reestablishment of Poland as an independent country. It was based on three pre-existing laboratories affiliated with the Scientific Society of Warsaw (Towarzystwo Naukowe Warszawskie): Laboratory of Neurobiology (in existence since 1911), Laboratory of Physiology (in existence since 1913) and Laboratory of General Biology (established in 1918). Formation and development of the Institute was supported in part by a donation of Nadine Sieber-Shumova, a close co-worker of Marceli Nencki from Berne and St. Petersburg. 
Over the next two decades the Institute gained prominence in the field of biological research in Poland. One of its major figures was the neurophysiologist Jerzy Konorski who discovered secondary conditioned reflexes. The outbreak of World War II interrupted a period of its intensive expansion in the field of experimental biology, over a dozen of the Institute's staff lost their lives, and its premises (including most of its 30,000-volume library) was destroyed.
Post World War II.
The surviving staff members (professors Jan Dembowski, Jerzy Konorski, and Włodzimierz Niemierko) re-established the Nencki Institute. In 1952 the Institute was incorporated into the newly founded Polish Academy of Sciences, and the Institute's director, Prof. Dembowski, became the first President of the Academy. During the period 1953-55, a newly erected building at 3 Pasteur Street in Warsaw became the new home of the Nencki Institute.
Recent developments.
In 1990, the Institute was invited to become a member institution of the Global Network for Molecular and Cell Biology (MCBN) within UNESCO. The Institute hires new researchers and awards approximately 15 doctoral degrees annually and is competitive in securing external funding for research projects. Two European Centres of Excellence were recently formed within the Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20680633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680633" title="Peter Thangaraj">
Peter Thangaraj

Peter Thangaraj (1936 – 24 November 2008) was an Indian football player. Thangaraj played for the Indian national side at the 1956 Melbourne and 1960 Rome Olympics. He was Voted Asia’s best goalkeeper in 1958. Thangaraj was a recipient of Arjuna Award for the year 1967.
Football career.
Thangraj was born in 1936 in Hyderabad State. He started his football career with Morning Star Club and Friends Union Club of Secunderabad. He joined the Indian Army in 1953 and began representing the Madras Regimental Centre where he played as a centre forward, but took to goalkeeping subsequently with great success. Madras Regimental Centre won the Durand Cup in 1955 and 1958. Thangaraj captained the Services team for its first-ever triumph in the Santosh Trophy in 1960.
After leaving Services, Thangaraj played for Kolkata giants Mohammedan Sporting (1960–63, 1971–72), Mohun Bagan (1963–65), and East Bengal (1965–71) and was a huge fan favorite at the time. He was part of the Bengal team, which won the Santosh Trophy in 1963. Later, he led the Railways in 1965 and won the Santosh Trophy for them. Along with the likes of Chuni Goswami and P. K. Banerjee, Thangaraj was one of the mainstays of the Indian team in 1960s and 70s.
International career.
Thangaraj had an illustrious international career. His first stint with the Indian team was the Quadrangular Tournament held at Dacca in 1955. He played for India both at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics, and represented India at 1958 Tokyo, 1962 Jakarta, and 1966 Bangkok Asian Games. India won the Gold Medal at the 1962 Jakarta Asian Games. He represented India at the Merdeka Cup tournament held at Kuala Lumpur from 1958 to 1966. He also represented India at the 1964 and 1966 Asian Cup held in Israel and Burma respectively. He was named the Best Goalkeeper of Asia in 1958 and awarded the Arjuna Award in 1967. He twice played for the Asian All-Star team and was adjudged the Best Goalkeeper in 1967. Thangaraj retired from active football in 1971 and then took to coaching.

</doc>
<doc id="20680639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680639" title="María Bengochea">
María Bengochea

María Verónica Bengochea (born October 19, 1960) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680646" title="Aeroflot destinations">
Aeroflot destinations

The history of Aeroflot can be traced back to , when the Council of Labour and Defence passed a resolution to create the Civil Air Fleet of the USSR, amalgamating all pioneer airlines to form Dobrolet on . Operations started on linking Moscow and Nizhny Novgorod, becoming the first regular services of the country. The name "Aeroflot" was adopted in 1932 after the reorganisation of Dobrolet. By the end of the 1930s the carrier had the following routes in operation: Kharkov–Kiev, Kharkov–Odessa, Kiev–Odessa, Kiev–Rostov–Mineralnye Vody, Kiev–Simferopol, Moscow–Leningrad, Moscow–Minsk, Moscow–Odessa, Moscow–Sochi, Moscow–Kuybishev, Moscow–Baku–Tbilisi, Moscow–Simferopol, Moscow–Stalingrad–Astrakhan, Tbilisi–Sukhumi, Tbilisi–Yerevan, Kutasi–Mestia and Sukhumi–Sochi.
Once the world largest carrier, Aeroflot did not restrict its operations to the transportation of passengers, but monopolised all civil aviation activities within the Soviet Union. Apart from passenger transportation that covered a domestic network of over 3600 villages, towns and cities, activities undertaken by the airline that were labelled as “non-transport tasks” included agricultural work, ice reconnaissance, anti-forest fire patrol, and aeromedical services, among many others. It also became the "de facto" flag carrier of the USSR beyond its borders.
By , the carrier operated an extensive domestic and international network that included Accra, Amsterdam, Bamako, Brussels, Cairo, Conakry, Copenhague, Delhi, Djakarta, Havana, Helsinki, Kabul, Karachi, Khartoum, London, Paris, Rabat, Rangoon, Stockholm and Vienna; routes to Algiers, Baghdad, Brazzaville, Colombo, Nicosia, Teheran and Tunis, all of them inauagurated in 1964, were also flown. At , Aeroflot had a route network that was long, a quarter of which covered international destinations. At this time, the carrier had agreements with countries but it only served of them, including destinations. The list also includes destinations served by Aeroflot subsidiary Donavia. Terminated destinations once served by Aeroflot within the era are also included. Each destination is provided with the country name, the name of the airport served, and both the International Air Transport Association (IATA) three-letter code (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) four-letter code (ICAO airport code).

</doc>
<doc id="20680671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680671" title="Dutch Landrace">
Dutch Landrace


</doc>
<doc id="20680676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680676" title="Roy Branch">
Roy Branch

Roy Branch (born July 12, 1953) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played one season for the Seattle Mariners in .
Branch was drafted in the 1st round (5th overall) of the 1971 Major League Baseball Draft by the Kansas City Royals. His contract was purchased from the Royals by the Mariners on January 23, .

</doc>
<doc id="20680678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680678" title="The Low Budgets">
The Low Budgets

The Low Budgets was an American punk/garage rock band based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They were a project of Dead Milkmen guitarist and songwriter Joe Genaro (known as Joe Jack Talcum), and current bassist Dan Stevens. 
The band released three full-length records and embarked on several large tours throughout North America and Europe. At least one music video and a short film entitled "The Cursed Organ" were also made. They engaged themes revolving around poverty and down-on-one's-luck humor in their lyrics, album art and image.
History.
The Low Budgets formed in 2000 around Genaro and singer, guitarist and songwriter Chris Seegel after the demise of their former group, the Town Managers. With Genaro moving from guitar to electric organ, he and Seegel were joined by Stevens (formerly of Farquar Muckenfuss) and drummer Steve Levandoski. Utilizing the vintage organ, the group sought to integrate their garage rock influences into the punk rock sound associated with their previous bands.
The band released its debut 7" vinyl EP in 2001 on Nancy Boy Records. A second 7" EP and two full-length albums followed on the Philadelphia-based Schuylkill Records label. They toured extensively during this time, with Stevens occasionally being replaced by touring bassists while occupied with familial obligations.
In 2007, the group released their third full-length album, "Leave Us a Loan", on Chunksaah Records, a record label run by members of the punk rock band The Bouncing Souls. This album was produced by former Town Managers member and frequent collaborater Brian Michael. Schuylkill Records also released a picture disc vinyl version of the record. 
The Low Budgets went on hiatus the next year while Seegel lived and worked in Berlin, but the group disbanded when Genaro and Stevens became occupied with activity surrounding the Dead Milkmen reunion. Seegel formed the new group Gone Wrong, while Genaro also continued his solo career. Levandoski remained active in other Philadelphia-based groups, including Beast Infection. Outside of music, Seegel continued work in film and video, and Levandoski in journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="20680694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680694" title="Alina Vergara">
Alina Vergara

Andrea Alina Vergara (born October 7, 1966) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea after having won the gold medal the previous year at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20680695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680695" title="Simon Grascher">
Simon Grascher

Simon Grascher was a Unterscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Biography.
Simon Grascher was born in Klagenfurt (Austria) on the 18 December 1920 in Austrian-Carinthian Slovene family.
He volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the "Das Reich", he was promoted to Unterscharführer and made a platoon commander in the 9th Company, SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Der Führer".
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class for actions in the battles around Moscow and in 1943 he was awarded the Iron Cross 1st class.
He was awarded the Knight's Cross posthumously in July 1943, when his platoon attacked a strong Russian position near Belgorod. His unit was under heavy fire from Infantry weapons, mortars and anti tank guns which eventually defeated the German assault with the assistance of two T-34 Tanks.
Grascher, despite the heavy fire, managed to destroy the two tanks; the first-one with an anti tank charge and the second-one with a hand grenade
He then took over command of the company and led another attack which achieved all there targets, but lead to the death of Graascher.

</doc>
<doc id="20680703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680703" title="Andrew Kam">
Andrew Kam

Andrew Kam (born ?) (: 金民豪) is the Managing Director of Hong Kong Disneyland. He went to primary and secondary school in Hong Kong before graduating with a business degree at Dalhousie University in Canada in 1984 and a masters in business management in 1986. 
Kam then worked as deputy general manager of Coca Cola China from 1988. He joined the Hong Kong Tourism Board in 2000. In 2001 he joined Swire Pacific Limited as their Sales and Marketing Director, looking after the company's business in Fujian. Andrew Kam was then recruited by Cofco Coca-Cola Beverages and worked on their 14 different markets in China.
He started the role of managing director at Hong Kong Disneyland in August 2008, replacing Bill Ernest, who was promoted to President and Managing Director, Asia, for Walt Disney Parks & Resorts.
Personal life.
His daughter Caitlin celebrated her 10th birthday in Hong Kong Disneyland in December 2010. Caitlin Kam's favourite Disney character is Winnie the Pooh. He also has a son.

</doc>
<doc id="20680720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680720" title="Dutch Toggenburg">
Dutch Toggenburg

The Dutch Toggenburg goat breed was developed in the Netherlands from crosses between native Dutch goats and the Toggenburg goat. It is used for the production of milk.

</doc>
<doc id="20680756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680756" title="María Gabriela Pazos">
María Gabriela Pazos

María Gabriela Pazos (born September 20, 1967) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Three years later she claimed the gold medal at the Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="20680775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680775" title="NK Mostanje">
NK Mostanje

NK Mostanje ALL is a Croatian football club based in the city of Karlovac.

</doc>
<doc id="20680784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680784" title="Czernica, Silesian Voivodeship">
Czernica, Silesian Voivodeship

Czernica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gaszowice, within Rybnik County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gaszowice, west of Rybnik, and south-west of the regional capital Katowice. The village has an approximate population of 2,100, and covers an area of 5.18 km2. It is the birthplace of the composer Henryk Górecki. 
The name of the village is derived from the river flowing through the village. Czernica was first mentioned in a document of 17 March 1317. Between 1880 to 1966, gypsum was mined nearby.
Czernica has several trees classed as natural monuments: a number of linden trees with circumferences up to 467 cm, and an oak tree with a circumference of 336 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="20680787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680787" title="Pension Rights Center">
Pension Rights Center

The Pension Rights Center is a nonprofit consumer advocacy organization established in 1976. Its stated mission is "to protect and promote the retirement security of American workers, retirees and their families."
Background.
The Center provides information, referrals, and legal assistance to individuals, provides legal training to attorneys, and advocates on policy issues related to retirement income from a workers' and consumers' perspective.
Since 1993, the Center has received support from the Administration on Aging to provide technical assistance and training to six regional pension counseling projects that serve 29 states free of charge. These regional pension counseling projects assist individuals who have questions about their retirement plan. The Center's website includes fact sheets about retirement income issues and summaries of legislation, regulations, and court cases. The Center also operates PensionHelp America, an online legal referral service.
The Center files comments on proposed government regulations, testifies before congressional committees, and coordinates Retirement USA, an initiative to promote new ideas for a retirement system in the United States.
Funding.
The Pension Rights Center receives funding from the U.S. Administration on Aging, The Atlantic Philanthropies, Retirement Research Foundation, AARP, and individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="20680800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680800" title="Happy Endings Productions">
Happy Endings Productions

Happy Endings Productions is an Irish entertainment television production company, founded by Dara Ó Briain and Seamus Cassidy in 2003. Their best-known programme is the topical RTÉ comedy show, "The Panel", which Ó Briain presented for a number of seasons. They have also produced the Ó Briain-hosted interview show "Buried Alive", the comedy special "This is Ireland" for BBC2 and the 2008 comedy cabaret "Smoke and Mirrors", presented by Andrew Maxwell.. The company's commissioned work has included two series of "Saturday Night With Miriam", an RTÉ chat show presented by Miriam O'Callaghan. They are developing a sitcom for the UK's Five Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20680803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680803" title="Andrea Fioroni">
Andrea Fioroni

Andrea Paula Fioroni (born January 11, 1969) is a retired female field hockey player from Argentina. She was a member of the Women's National Team that finished in seventh place at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. A year earlier she claimed the gold medal at the Pan American Games in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="20680805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680805" title="Erzgebirge goat">
Erzgebirge goat

The Erzgebirge (German: "Erzgebirgsziege") is a breed of goat native to the Saxony region of Germany. Erzgebirge goats are polled, and have a reddish brown coat with black stripes on the face, back, and legs. Primarily used for milking, the breed is critically endangered.

</doc>
<doc id="20680815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680815" title="Choondal">
Choondal

Demographics.
Choondal is about 20 kilometers away from Thrissur, where you can see a panoramic view of green grass fields. This place is
known in Thrissur District for its educational Institutions, hospitals and places of worship. Paddy, coconut and Areca_nut 
are the major produces of this village.

</doc>
<doc id="20680820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680820" title="Airtime Television">
Airtime Television

Airtime Television is a TV news broadcast syndication agency and production company based at London Heathrow Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20680821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680821" title="List of awards and nominations received by Ameesha Patel">
List of awards and nominations received by Ameesha Patel

This is a list of awards and honours of Amisha Patel, an Indian Bollywood actress.

</doc>
<doc id="20680835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680835" title="Finnish Landrace goat">
Finnish Landrace goat

The Finnish Landrace, also called the Finngoat (Finnish: "Suomenvuohi"), is a landrace breed of goat originating in western Finland. The breed can come in a variety of colors but is usually grey, pied, or white, and both horned and polled individuals occur. Finnish Landrace goats are typically used for milking, as there is not a strong tradition of goat meat in Finnish cuisine, unlike in southern Europe. Finngoats are the only breed of goat native to Finland, and originate from native goats crossed with other European imports, especially from Switzerland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20680850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680850" title="Harringay Station">
Harringay Station

Harringay Station may refer one of two railway stations in Harringay, North London:

</doc>
<doc id="20680855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680855" title="Swanson, Ohio">
Swanson, Ohio

Swanson, Ohio is a small city in northwestern Ohio (population below 500), famous for being the only non-park, area in America to have no commercial fast food restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="20680857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680857" title="Aleksandre Guruli">
Aleksandre Guruli

Alexander Guruli (Georgian - ალექსანდრე გურული) (born 9 November 1985, in Batumi) is a professional Georgian football midfielder who plays for Shakhtyor Soligorsk. 
He is the son of Gija Guruli.

</doc>
<doc id="20680866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680866" title="Operation Corridor 92">
Operation Corridor 92

Operation Corridor 92 () was an operation conducted during the Bosnian War by the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) against the forces of the Croatian Defence Council (HVO) and the Croatian Army (HV) in northern Bosnia and Herzegovina between 24 July and 6 October 1992. The objective of the offensive was to re-establish a road link between the city of Banja Luka in the west of the country and the eastern parts of the territory controlled by the Bosnian Serbs. The offensive was prompted by the capture of Derventa by the HV and the HVO – a move that blocked the single overland road between the VRS-controlled territories.
The VRS successfully recaptured Derventa and pushed the HVO and the HV north, capturing several towns in the process. In the second phase of the offensive, the VRS reached the Sava River, the border with Croatia, and destroyed a bridgehead held by the HV and the HVO at Bosanski Brod. Such an outcome sparked a controversy whether the outcome of the battle was a result of a political arrangement involving a trade of land, or a purely military one. The offensive involved more than 60,000 troops and resulted in heavy casualties for all sides, especially the HVO.
Background.
As the Yugoslav People's Army ("Jugoslovenska narodna armija" – JNA) withdrew from Croatia following the acceptance and start of implementation of the Vance plan, it was reorganised into a new Bosnian Serb army and later renamed the Army of Republika Srpska ("Vojska Republike Srpske" – VRS). This reorganisation followed the declaration of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina on 9 January 1992, ahead of the 29 February – 1 March 1992 referendum on the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina. This declaration would later be cited by the Bosnian Serbs as a pretext for the Bosnian War. Bosnian Serbs began fortifying the capital, Sarajevo, and other areas on 1 March. On the following day, the first fatalities of the war were recorded in Sarajevo and Doboj. In the final days of March, Bosnian Serb forces bombarded Bosanski Brod with artillery, drawing a border crossing by the HV 108th Brigade in response. On 4 April, Serb artillery began shelling Sarajevo.
The JNA and the VRS in Bosnia and Herzegovina faced the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina ("Armija Republike Bosne i Hercegovine" – ARBiH) and the Croatian Defence Council ("Hrvatsko vijeće obrane" – HVO), reporting to the Bosniak-dominated central government and the Bosnian Croat leadership respectively, as well as the HV, which occasionally supported HVO operations. In late April, the VRS was able to deploy 200,000 troops, hundreds of tanks, armoured personnel carriers (APCs) and artillery pieces. The HVO and the Croatian Defence Forces ("Hrvatske obrambene snage" – HOS) could field approximately 25,000 soldiers and a handful of heavy weapons, while the ARBiH was largely unprepared with nearly 100,000 troops, small arms for less than a half of their number and virtually no heavy weapons. Arming of the various forces was hampered by a UN arms embargo introduced in September 1991. By mid-May 1992, the VRS controlled approximately 60 percent of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Prelude.
Following its successful defence of Bosanski Brod in March, the HVO, reinforced by HV troops, pushed the JNA and the VRS south from the town and captured the towns of Modriča and Derventa by the end of May. The capture of Derventa also severed the last road available to the Bosnian Serbs spanning VRS-controlled western Bosnia around Banja Luka and the VRS-held territory in the east of the country, adjacent to Serbia. That prevented the supply of Banja Luka as well as the bulk of the Republic of Serbian Krajina (RSK)—Croatian Serb-held territory in Croatia since the initial phase of the Croatian War of Independence.
Loss of the road link caused substantial supply problems in Banja Luka and the surrounding area. The reported deaths of twelve newborn babies in Banja Luka hospital due to the shortage of incubator bottled oxygen were cited as an immediate cause for the VRS to counterattack against the HVO and the HV. Borisav Jović, a contemporary high-ranking Serbian official and member of the Yugoslav Presidency, claims the incident was a piece of wartime propaganda. Banja Luka was virtually self-reliant in that respect, having two bottled oxygen production plants in its immediate vicinity. At the same time, the VRS and the JNA captured Doboj and Bosanski Šamac to the east and south of the HVO/HV advance. In June, the VRS 1st Krajina Corps initiated preliminary operations against the HVO/HV held area around Derventa, attempting to improve VRS positions needed to launch a major attack there. By 20 July, the VRS captured the villages of Kotorsko and Johovac north of Doboj and achieved the main objective of the preliminary advance.
Offensive.
Order of Battle.
According to Croatian author Jerko Zovak, the VRS deployed 40,800 troops at the beginning of Operation Corridor 92, and the force increased in number to 54,660 by the end of the initial phase of the offensive. The VRS tasked the 1st Krajina Corps with the main effort of the offensive. The corps and the operation were under command of General Momir Talić. The RSK contributed troops to the VRS offensive. The RSK troops were commanded by then RSK Interior Minister Milan Martić directly.
According to Zovak, the HVO and the HV had 20,000 troops in the region at the outset of the VRS offensive, but the troop levels declined to about 5,000 by October. Those forces were commanded by HV Major General Petar Stipetić. The troops under his command, organised as Operational Group Posavina, included the 101st and 103rd Brigades of the HVO and elements of a large number of HV units. According to Stipetić, those included the bulk of the 108th Infantry Brigade based in Slavonski Brod, and fragments of the 109th, 111th, 123rd, and 127th Brigades based in Vinkovci, Rijeka, Požega and Virovitica, as well as several Osijek-based units. The 3rd Guards Brigade was also instructed to deploy to Bosanski Brod, but the order was cancelled before the unit had been moved. The piecemeal nature of the deployment, and refusal of further units to fight in the area, was a consequence of the Croatian Defence Minister Gojko Šušak's order that only volunteers may be deployed to Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to Stipetić, a parallel chain of command existed in respect of the 108th Infantry Brigade, which remained under control of civilian authorities in Slavonski Brod, the Croatian city just across the Sava from Bosanski Brod.
Timeline.
On 24 June, the 1st Krajina Corps of the VRS began the offensive codenamed Operation Corridor 92. Its first objective was to advance sufficiently to break through the HVO and HV-held positions between Modriča and Gradačac, and link up with the East Bosnian Corps. The secondary effort consisted of attacks towards Derventa and Bosanski Brod. The first objective was achieved after two days of heavy combat on 26 June. Afterwards, the VRS advanced towards Modriča and captured the town on 28 June. The secondary advances, facing considerably stiffer resistance by the HVO and the HV, gained little ground.
The second phase of the offensive was launched on 4 July. It comprised VRS advances towards Derventa, Bosanski Brod and Odžak, aiming to reach the Sava and thereby the border with Croatia, north of the three towns. Derventa was quickly captured on 4–5 July and the VRS continued to roll back the HVO and the HV troops. On 12 July, the VRS captured Odžak and arrived at the riverside near the town two days later. By that time, VRS troops had advanced , and reached within of Bosanski Brod. The HVO and the HV were reduced to a bridgehead around the town.
In August and September, the VRS launched several attacks against the Bosanski Brod bridgehead for little gain. In mid-September, the HVO and the ARBiH deployed near Brčko, further to the east, attacked the same East–West road the VRS aimed to secure through Operation Corridor 92. The counterattack managed to capture a section of the road south of Orašje, at the eastern end of the Brčko corridor. However, the VRS restored its control of the road quickly thereafter.
Another push against Bosanski Brod was launched on 27 September. The advance initially had moderate success, until the VRS changed the sector of the bridgehead where the 1st Krajina Corps applied the greatest effort of the offensive on 4 October. The move managed to disrupt the HVO and HV defences and the VRS achieved a breakthrough—capturing Bosanski Brod on 6 October. The HV and the HVO managed to withdraw troops and their equipment in an orderly fashion. The bridge spanning the Sava between the town and Slavonski Brod was demolished on 7 October.
Aftermath.
In mid-October and early November, the HVO briefly cut the Brčko corridor south of Orašje two more times. In turn, the VRS launched a major offensive against the HVO-held bridgehead at Orašje. After some initial success, the VRS offensive failed and the HVO drove the attacking force back to positions held prior to the advance. Aiming to improve security of the Brčko corridor, the VRS 1st Krajina Corps and East Bosnian Corps units turned south of Brčko, and advanced against defences held by the HVO and the ARBiH there. That last push had widened the Brčko corridor to just 3 kilometers at its narrowest point.
During the offensive, which captured of territory, the VRS and its allies had 413 killed and 1,509 wounded troops. According to Zovak, the HV sustained losses of 343 killed and 1,996 wounded, while the HVO lost 918 killed and 4,254 injured personnel in April–October fighting in the region. In the same period, the city of Slavonski Brod sustained VRS artillery and aerial bombardment. A total of 11,651 artillery shells, 14 9K52 Luna-M rockets and 130 aircraft bombs were fired against the city, killing 116 civilians. According to German historian Marie-Janine Calic, the VRS carried out ethnic cleansing during the battle in order to break any resistance by the local population and claim the area of high strategic importance it termed the "corridor of life".
Stipetić blamed the 108th Infantry Brigade for the collapse of the Bosanski Brod bridgehead and the failure of the defence. He claimed the brigade had been pulled back from the battlefield by civilian authorities in Slavoniski Brod and thought the outcome of the battle was predetermined by the Graz agreement of the Bosnian Serb and Bosnian Croat leaders, Radovan Karadžić and Mate Boban. His view regarding the Graz agreement is echoed by British historian Marko Attila Hoare, who claims that the area conceded by the Croats during Operation Corridor 92 was traded for western Herzegovina. While some sources have proposed that the area was traded for the JNA-held Prevlaka Peninsula near Dubrovnik, a Central Intelligence Agency analysis concluded that there is no direct evidence of such arrangements.
Conversely, Croatian historian Davor Marijan concluded that the battle was too complex for the HV and especially for the HVO. He also pointed out that the HV and the HVO suffered from poor command structures and poor intelligence – failing to note the presence of the 16th Motorised and the 1st Armoured Brigades of the VRS early on. Marijan also claims the HV had demobilised ten infantry brigades shortly before the battle. His view is supported by Colonel General Novica Simić, commander of the VRS 16th Motorised Brigade, assigned to the Tactical Group 1 established by 1st Krajina Corps to carry out the offensive.
In 2001–03, three Bosnian Serb officials were tried by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for war crimes committed after the capture of Bosanski Šamac. The defendants, Blagoje Simić, Miroslav Tadić and Simo Zarić were charged with unlawful arrest, detention, beatings, torture, forced labour, deportation and forcible transfer. The three were convicted, and the convictions upheld in the appeals process. Simić was sentenced to 15 years in prison, Tadić and Zarić received prison terms of eight and six years respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20680871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680871" title="AHOD">
AHOD

AHOD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20680896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680896" title="Trapped Inside (EP)">
Trapped Inside (EP)

Trapped Inside is an EP released in 2008 by New Zealand progressive metal quintet Redline on Upstart Records/Redline Music. The EP was produced by Paul Matthews and Chris Yong.
New Zealand radio personality, Paul Martin, said "Redline have got everything it takes to get to the top. Great songs, great delivery and a powerful and palpable passion that sets them apart from any of the wannabes. Pedal to the metal! Live in the Redline!"

</doc>
<doc id="20680917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680917" title="Pyramidula chorismenostoma">
Pyramidula chorismenostoma

Pyramidula chorismenostoma is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pyramidulidae.
Shell description.
The normal condition of the shell of this species is scalarid, i.e. the whorls of the shell are not attached to one another. This shell type is unique among the non-marine malacofauna of Europe.
The width of the shell is up to 2.2 mm, the height is up to 3.1 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20680931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680931" title="Nicholas Egan">
Nicholas Egan

Nicholas Egan (17 July 1903 – 5 December 1971) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He contested the Leix–Offaly constituency at the 1951 general election but was not elected. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) at the subsequent 1954 general election and held his seat until retiring at the 1969 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20680955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680955" title="Pyramidula cephalonica">
Pyramidula cephalonica

Pyramidula cephalonica is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidulidae.
Shell description.
The width of the shell is up to 2.6 mm, the height is up to 1.8 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="20680961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680961" title="Rilous Carter">
Rilous Carter

Rilous Carter is the Vice President of Disney's Epcot. He was previously was the VP of Disney's Hollywood Studios before switching positions with Dan Cockerell. 
Early life.
Carter was born in Town Creek, Alabama where he was also raised. 
Education.
Carter had an athletic scholarship and worked his way into academic scholarships to go to any college he wanted to go to in the US. He ended up going to the University of Alabama.
Career.
Carter is the first African American to hold this position. In 2008, he was appointed as the Vice President of Disney's Hollywood Studios. Carter's non-traditional style of leading has separated himself from the rest. In his position as vice president of Disney's Epcot, he led the teams responsible for driving catering sales, services and banquet operations, as well as theme park event operations across the 40 square mile park and resort.

</doc>
<doc id="20680964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680964" title="Convoy PQ 6">
Convoy PQ 6

Convoy PQ-6 was the seventh of the Arctic convoys of World War II by which the Western Allies supplied material aid to the Soviet Union in its fight with Nazi Germany. The convoy sailed from Hvalfjörður, Iceland, on 8 December 1941 and arrived at Murmansk on 20 December 1941.
Ships.
The convoy consisted of eight transport ships (1 Russian, 5 British and 2 Panamanian). The escort included the cruiser , destroyers and , two minesweepers and two armed trawlers.<br><br>
All ships arrived safely.

</doc>
<doc id="20680971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680971" title="Flight of the Aquanaut">
Flight of the Aquanaut

The Flight of the Aquanaut (1993) is a short Canadian documentary movie about an aquanaut with an atmospheric diving suit which shows the submarine world to the viewers in an entertaining way. The movie is characterized by a lot of different sceneries and the sound of vision.
Plot.
During the dive the aquanaut examines various fish species, plays with dolphins and explores an old wreck. Thereby he also gets into dangerous situations.

</doc>
<doc id="20680975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680975" title="Idealized greenhouse model">
Idealized greenhouse model

The surface of the Sun radiates light and heat at approximately 5,500 °C. The Earth is much cooler and so radiates heat back away from itself at much longer wavelengths, mostly in the infrared range. The idealized greenhouse model is based on the fact that certain gases in the Earth's atmosphere, including carbon dioxide and water vapour, are transparent to the high-frequency, high-energy solar radiation, but are much more opaque to the lower frequency infrared radiation leaving the surface of the earth. Thus heat is easily let "in", but is partially trapped by these gases as it tries to "leave". Rather than get hotter and hotter, Kirchhoff's law of thermal radiation says that the gases of the atmosphere also have to re-emit the infrared energy that they absorb, and they do so, also at long infrared wavelengths, both upwards into space as well as downwards back towards the Earth's surface. In the long-term, thermal equilibrium is reached when all the heat energy arriving on the planet is leaving again at the same rate. In this idealized model, the greenhouse gases cause the surface of the planet to be warmer than it would be without them, in order for the required amount of heat energy finally to be radiated out into space from the top of the atmosphere.
The greenhouse effect can be illustrated with an idealized planet. This is a common "textbook model": the planet will have a constant surface temperature Ts and an atmosphere with constant temperature Ta. For diagrammatic clarity, a gap can be depicted between the atmosphere and the surface. Alternatively, Ts could be interpreted as a temperature representative of the surface and the lower atmosphere, and Ta could be interpreted as the temperature of the upper atmosphere. In order to justify that Ta and Ts remain constant over the planet, strong ocean and atmospheric currents can be imagined to provide plentiful lateral mixing. Furthermore, any daily or seasonal cycles in temperature are assumed to be insignificant.
The model.
The model will find the values of Ts and Ta that will allow the outgoing radiative power, escaping the top of the atmosphere, to be equal to the absorbed radiative power of sunlight. When applied to a planet like Earth, the outgoing radiation will be longwave and the sunlight will be shortwave. These two streams of radiation will have distinct emission and absorption characteristics. In the idealized model, we assume the atmosphere is completely transparent to sunlight. The planetary albedo αP is the fraction of the incoming solar flux that is reflected back to space (since the atmosphere is assumed totally transparent to solar radiation, it does not matter whether this albedo is imagined to be caused by reflection at the surface of the planet or at the top of the atmosphere or a mixture). The flux density of the incoming solar radiation is specified by the solar constant S0. For application to planet Earth, appropriate values are S0=1366 W m−2 and αP=0.30. Accounting for the fact that the surface area of a sphere is 4 times the area of its intercept (its shadow), the average incoming radiation is 
S0/4. 
For longwave radiation, the surface of the Earth is assumed to have an emissivity of 1 (i.e., the earth is a black body in the infrared, which is realistic). The surface emits a radiative flux density F according to the Stefan-Boltzmann law:
where σ is the Stefan-Boltzmann constant. A key to understanding the greenhouse effect is Kirchhoff's law of thermal radiation. At any given wavelength the absorptivity of the atmosphere will be equal to the emissivity. Radiation from the surface could be in a slightly different portion of the infrared spectrum than the radiation emitted by the atmosphere. The model assumes that the average emissivity (absorptivity) is identical for either of these streams of infrared radiation, as they interact with the atmosphere. Thus, for longwave radiation, one symbol ε denotes both the emissivity and absorptivity of the atmosphere, for any stream of infrared radiation.
The infrared flux density out of the top of the atmosphere:
In the last term, ε represents the fraction of upward longwave radiation from the surface that is absorbed, the absorptivity of the atmosphere. In the first term on the right, ε is the emissivity of the atmosphere, the adjustment of the Stefan-Boltzmann law to account for the fact that the atmosphere is not optically thick. Thus ε plays the role of neatly blending, or averaging, the two streams of radiation in the calculation of the outward flux density.
Zero net radiation leaving the top of the atmosphere requires:
Zero net radiation entering the surface requires: 
Energy equilibrium of the atmosphere can be either derived from the two above equilibrium conditions, or independently deduced: 
Note the important factor of 2, resulting from the fact that the atmosphere radiates both upward and downward.
Thus the ratio of Ta to Ts is independent of ε:
Thus Ta can be expressed in terms of Ts, and a solution is obtained for
Ts in terms of the model input parameters:
or
The solution can also be expressed in terms of the "effective emission temperature" Te, which is the temperature that characterizes the outgoing infrared flux density F, as if the radiator were a perfect radiator obeying F=σTe4. This is easy to conceptualize in the context of the
model. Te is also the solution for Ts, for the case of ε=0, or no atmosphere: 
With the definition of Te:
For a perfect greenhouse, with no radiation escaping from the surface, or ε=1:
Using the parameters defined above to be appropriate for Earth,
For ε=1: 
For ε=0.78,
This value of Ts happens to be close to a very widely quoted (but unattributed) 288 K claimed for the average global "surface temperature". ε=0.78 implies 22% of the surface radiation escapes directly to space, consistent with the statement of 15% to 30% escaping in the greenhouse effect. 
The radiative forcing for doubling carbon dioxide is 3.71 W m−2, in a simple parameterization. This is also the value endorsed by the IPCC.
From the equation for formula_15,
Using the values of Ts and Ta for ε=0.78 allows for formula_17= -3.71 W m−2 with Δε=.019. Thus a change of ε from 0.78 to 0.80 is consistent with the radiative forcing from 
a doubling of carbon dioxide. For ε=0.80,
Thus this model predicts a global warming of ΔTs = 1.2 K for a doubling of carbon dioxide. A typical prediction from a GCM is 3 K surface warming, primarily because the GCM allows for positive feedback, notably from increased water vapor. A simple surrogate for including this feedback process is to posit an additional increase of Δε=.02, for a total Δε=.04, to approximate the effect of the increase in water vapor that would be associated with an increase in temperature. This idealized model then predicts a global warming of ΔTs = 2.4 K for a doubling of carbon dioxide, roughly consistent with the IPCC.
Extensions.
The simple one-level atmospheric model can be readily extended to a multiple-layer atmosphere. In this case the equations for the temperatures become a series of coupled equations. This simple model always predicts a decreasing temperature away from the surface, and all levels "increase" in temperature as "greenhouse gases are added". Neither of these effects are fully realistic: in the real atmosphere temperatures increase above the tropopause, and temperatures in that layer are predicted (and observed) to "decrease" as GHG's are added. This is directly related to the non-greyness of the real atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="20680987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680987" title="2009 São Paulo F.C. season">
2009 São Paulo F.C. season

The 2009 season was São Paulo's 80th season since club's existence. For the third year consecutive "Tricolor" fall in semifinals of Campeonato Paulista, this time losing to rival Corinthians. In Copa Libertadores was defeated in quarterfinals by Cruzeiro after two losses 1-2 (away), 0-2 (home). At the league, the club broke the triumph's sequence of the three previous titles. Ending in the 3rd position took a place in Copa Libertadores. After three and a half, the coach Muricy Ramalho was fired by the fourth consecutive elimination in Libertadores.
Club.
Top scorers.
Includes all competitive matches

</doc>
<doc id="20680992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680992" title="A. Roland Fields">
A. Roland Fields

A. Roland Fields (born June 10, 1884, date of death unknown) was an American art director. He won an Academy Award and was nominated for another two in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 39 films between 1942 and 1951.
Selected filmography.
Fields won one Academy Award and was nominated for two more for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20680999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20680999" title="Jomoro (Ghana parliament constituency)">
Jomoro (Ghana parliament constituency)

Jomoro is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Jomoro is located in the Jomoro District of the Western Region of Ghana.
Boundaries.
The seat is located within the Jomoro District of the Western Region of Ghana with similar boundaries. To its west is the Côte d'Ivoire. The southern boundary is the Atlantic Ocean. The eastern neighbour is the Nzema East District and to the north are the Aowin/Suaman and the Wasa Amenfi West Districts.

</doc>
<doc id="20681039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681039" title="AB toxin">
AB toxin

The AB toxins are two-component protein complexes secreted by a number of pathogenic bacteria. They can be classified as because they interfere with internal cell function. They are named AB toxins due to their components: the "A" component is usually the "active" portion, and the "B" component is usually the "binding" portion. The "A" subunit possesses enzyme activity, and is transferred to the host cell following a conformational change in the membrane-bound transport "B" subunit.
Among the toxins produced by certain Clostridium spp. are the binary exotoxins. These proteins consist of two independent polypeptides, which correspond to the A/B subunit moieties. The enzyme component (A) enters the cell through endosomes produced by the oligomeric binding/translocation protein (B), and prevents actin polymerisation through ADP-ribosylation of monomeric G-actin.
Members of the "A" binary toxin family include "C. perfringens" iota toxin Ia, "C. botulinum" C2 toxin CI, and "Clostridium difficile" ADP-ribosyltransferase . Other homologous proteins have been found in "Clostridium spiroforme".
Members of the "B" binary toxin family include the "Bacillus anthracis" protective antigen (PA) protein, most likely due to a common evolutionary ancestor. "B. anthracis", a large Gram-positive spore-forming rod, is the causative agent of anthrax. Its two virulence factors are the poly-D-glutamate polypeptide capsule, and the actual anthrax exotoxin. The toxin comprises three factors: the protective antigen (PA); the oedema factor (EF); and the lethal factor (LF). Each is a thermolabile protein of ~80kDa. PA forms the "B" part of the exotoxin and allows passage of the "A" moiety (consisting of EF and LF) into target cells. PA protein forms the central part of the complete anthrax toxin, and translocates the B moiety into host cells after assembling as a heptamer in the membrane.
The AB5 toxins are usually considered a type of AB toxin, characterized by B pentamers. Less commonly, the term "AB toxin" is used to emphasize the monomeric character of the B component.

</doc>
<doc id="20681050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681050" title="Lambda Archives of San Diego">
Lambda Archives of San Diego

Lambda Archives of San Diego is a collection of LGBT historical materials in San Diego, California, United States.
Jess Jessop incorporated the Lesbian and Gay Archives of San Diego in 1987, starting the collection with materials that he and Doug Moore had gathered. Lambda Archives’ primary focus is Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) history and culture in the San Diego County, Tijuana (Baja California, Mexico) Region. Lambda Archives is an all-volunteer, nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation governed by a volunteer Board of Directors.
President Frank Nobiletti has brought in a considerable number of student volunteers from San Diego State University. These volunteers assist the archive staff by performing various necessary and ongoing tasks.
In 2007, the archives began holding an annual gala to build additional support in the community and generating additional donations.
Gala.
The 2008 Honorees were Cleve Jones and Christine Kehoe.
The 2011 Honorees were Larry Bazza, Jennifer LeSar, Doug Case, Carol Pierce, Judi Schaim, Jeff Wynne, George Murphy, Gloria Johnson, Max Disposti, Stewart Bornhoft, Bill Beck, Sara Beth Brooks (Youth Award) 
City hall exhibit.
In 2010 Lambda Archives co-sponsored the first ever LGBT Historical Exhibit in San Diego's City Hall titled "A Celebration of San Diego LGBT History."
Board of Directors.
Board President: Frank Nobiletti. Display Committee Chairman: Patrick Salvatierra 
References.
Board of Directors 2012 - 2013 President: MAUREEN Steiner; Treasurer Mel Merrill; Secretary: tbd.

</doc>
<doc id="20681080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681080" title="Odd Senses">
Odd Senses

Odd Senses is the third album by Psyopus, released on February 17, 2009 via Metal Blade Records. The album was recorded and engineered at Watchmen Studios in Lockport, New York between July 20 and August 16 2008.
Track listing.
All music by Psyopus and all lyrics by Christopher Arp.
Musical themes.
In an interview with MetalSucks.net, Arpmandude elaborated on some of the lyrical themes present on the album saying that many of the songs are not "about being pissed off at women." "Medusa" describes the difficulty of getting over someone when you have to see them all the time. ".44" refers to Son of Sam while "Duct Tape Smile" describes the set of a snuff film. "The Burning Halo" touches on exorcism, "X and Y" describes a sex change and "Ms Shyflower" is about being buried alive.

</doc>
<doc id="20681124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681124" title="Arkwright (Open All Hours)">
Arkwright (Open All Hours)

Albert E. Arkwright, usually referred to simply as Arkwright or occasionally as 'Uncle' by his nephew, Granville is a fictional character in the British sitcom, Open All Hours played by Ronnie Barker. Arkwright is the proprietor of an old fashioned Yorkshire corner shop, which in the era of the programme (1970s and 1980s) was a product of a bygone age. Arkwright is well known for his stammer, which Granville never misses an opportunity to mock.
Character.
Arkwright is a pragmatic, miserly man with old fashioned values, whose world seems to stop at his shop door, except for his uncontrollable lust for Nurse Gladys Emmanuel (Lynda Baron), which may prompt him on occasion to wander across the road, usually with a ladder, to gain access to her bedroom window. Arkwright is a devious, and mildly dishonest character, who has many crafty tricks to try to persuade a customer to leave his store having bought at least one thing, and will avoid spending his own money at all cost. He is also very conservative about his savings, keeping some in his pocket wrapped in a fine gold chain, and some in an old, battered Oxo tin that he hides under the kitchen sink. This includes, or so he claims, coins from before 1922, when they were 'solid silver'. He loves money so much that the last time he spent a whole night away from the shop was in 1957, when he went to have his appendix out. The till itself is old fashioned, and possesses a tight spring-clip that regularly puts Granville and his fingers in danger. Arkwright refuses to replace it because of the price of a replacement, and because it prevents people from taking his precious money. Although an avid political commentator, he has few political convictions and never sides with either the left or right wing, instead implying they are all useless. Arkwright does however seem fervently opposed to nationalisation, once commenting ""My top lip went all stiff and dead, as if it had been nationalised."" His political comments usually show no allegiances, instead making remarks like "When Wales get home rule, do you think they'll nationalise Clive Jenkins?"
Arkwright appears to be a believer in a supreme being, although he is certainly not portrayed to be a religious man. Most episodes end with him on the pavement outside the shop, contemplating the day with God. His thoughts often start with an expression like "Soon they'll only be me and thee that aren't either nationalised or a limited company".
Arkwright, like most characters in the series, is a rational, practical man, who shows no signs of any sentimentality, unlike Granville, who seems to dream away most of his days.
Arkwright suffers with a stutter, which sometimes makes it hard for him to say words, like when he says "Granville, how do you spell P-p-p-pepper? Is it 6 P's or 7?", Granville likes to mock this stammer. Arkwright also appears to stammer even when thinking to himself.
By the time of "Still Open All Hours", Arkwright has long since passed away, but almost all of his personality traits have passed onto Granville. Granville keeps a framed photograph of Arkwright in the shop's kitchen.
Relationship to Granville.
Arkwright's sister, whose name is never known, died shortly after giving birth to Granville. Less as an act of love and more as a source of free labour, Arkwright brought up the child. Arkwright paints a picture of his sister being a floozy and possibly a part time prostitute. He sees no harm in this, seeing this as an enterprising choice of career. This is often implied by phrases such as ""Just take the man's money and smile Granville, that's what your mother would have done"", ""You're j-just like your mother, happiness is h-horizontal"", or, ""Now, d-don't misunderstand me, s-some people loved dearly! Others used to get it on discount"". Granville is often made to pay for anything he takes from the shop's shelves, even if Arkwright was the one who gave it to him.
Relationship with Gladys Emmanuel.
Gladys is the district nurse, who Arkwright is informally engaged to. Their engagement doesn't seem to be serious, however they do seem to be fond of each other. Most of the characters who use the shop are old fashioned, domesticated characters, and while Gladys is very straight forward and Arkwright is somewhat eccentric, she does seem to find company in him, as he is probably more enlightened than most in the area. Gladys always says she won't marry Arkwright until her mother (who is in her eighties) dies, a day that Arkwright seems to look forward to. However, Gladys has also claimed on several occasions that she refrains from marrying him because of his old-fashioned shop equipment, his miserly personality or his overworking of Granville.
Nurse Gladys Emmanuel is Arkwright's sexual conquest, although he never manages it in the series, he does come close, with the two of them attempting to make love in the back of a Mini van, but with the van being too small for them, they give up.

</doc>
<doc id="20681131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681131" title="Convoy PQ 7">
Convoy PQ 7

Convoy PQ-7 was the eighth of the Arctic Convoys of the Second World War by which the Western Allies supplied material aid to the Soviet Union in its fight with Nazi Germany. The Convoy was in two parts: PQ 7a sailed from Hvalfjörður, Iceland on 26 December 1941 and arrived at Murmansk on 12 January 1942. PQ7b sailed from Hvalfjord, Iceland on 31 December 1941 and arrived in Murmansk on 11 January 1942.
Ships.
PQ 7a.
PQ 7a consisted of two merchant ships; SS "Cold Harbor" (Panama) and SS "Waziristan" (UK), and was escorted by two armed trawlers. SS "Waziristan" was sunk by the German submarine "U-134" on 2 January 1942.
PQ 7b.
PQ 7b comprised nine merchant vessels (two Panamanian, one Russian and seven British). The escort consisted of the destroyers HMS "Icarus", HMS "Tartar" and two armed trawlers.<br><br>
All ships arrived safely.

</doc>
<doc id="20681186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681186" title="Darrell Silvera">
Darrell Silvera

Darrell Silvera (December 18, 1900 – July 22, 1983) was an American set decorator. He was nominated for seven Academy Awards in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on 356 films between 1934 and 1978.
Selected filmography.
Silvera was nominated for seven Academy Awards for Best Art Direction:

</doc>
<doc id="20681214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681214" title="Mary Fisher">
Mary Fisher

Mary Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20681242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681242" title="Feelings (Ferrante &amp; Teicher album)">
Feelings (Ferrante &amp; Teicher album)

Feelings is a United Artists Records album by easy listening duo Ferrante & Teicher.

</doc>
<doc id="20681269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681269" title="2009 Atlanta Dream season">
2009 Atlanta Dream season

The 2009 WNBA season was the 2nd season for the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association. The Dream qualified for the playoffs for the first time in franchise history. However, they were eliminated by the Detroit Shock in a sweep in the first round.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Dream's 2008 record, they would pick 1st in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Dream picked Sancho Lyttle.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Dream selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20681276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681276" title="Granville (Open All Hours)">
Granville (Open All Hours)

Granville is a fictional character played by David Jason in the British sitcom "Open All Hours" and its sequel, "Still Open All Hours". Granville is an errand boy to his uncle and employer, Arkwright, who is the proprietor of an old-fashioned Yorkshire corner shop.
Granville was born to Arkwright's sister, who died while Granville was a young child, leaving Arkwright as his sole guardian. Granville's father's identity is not known, as his mother is implied to be a woman of loose morals, and Arkwright considers him to have likely been a Hungarian. Raised alone by Arkwright, Granville is often curious and engrossed in thoughts about who his father was and saddened not to have known his mother.
Although a kind provider (As long as it isn't too stressful on his wallet), Arkwright's miserly and eccentric personality makes him withdraw Granville from school and he starts helping in his uncle's shop at age eleven. The tedious routine weighs heavily on Granville, who hates getting up well before dawn in the morning and not being free until nine in the night. He is poorly paid, at three pounds a week, and is made to pay for anything he helps himself to from the shop shelves, even if Arkwright gave it to him. He is curious and anxious to explore the outside world and mingle with his peers, especially girls. Granville spends most of the day dreaming of being somewhere else, or doing something else, a custom which is seen as alien in the working class Yorkshire environment. Granville seems fairly sharp and quick witted, and is often quick to make satirical jokes about Arkwright's stammer or mannerisms whilst he will often flippantly make fun at customers to their faces, all of them seemingly being too unintelligent to realise this. He also never misses an opportunity to mock his uncle's stutter.
Unlike his Uncle who is a practical man, and a miser, Granville is a care free man yet is treated like he is a child. Granville's mundane existence is only brightened up by the milkwoman (Barbara Flynn), the only person other than Arkwright who is awake at the same time as him in the mornings. Despite his attraction to her, she is more worldly wise than he is and likes men of the same calibre as herself, but she is generally sympathetic towards Granville, and they have kissed on several occasions.
By the time of "Still Open All Hours", Arkwright has long passed away and Granville has inherited the shop as promised by Arkwright, and has a young son, Leroy. Despite their radically different personalities and views on life, however, Granville has become much like Arkwright in his old age, such as light-heartedly mocking Leroy over his mother's identity, and attempting to make money out of every customer who walks into the shop, even by telling fibs about certain items such as anchovy paste. At one point, Granville opens a bottle of whisky to pour a drink for a promoter, and then charges him for the whole bottle. As a tribute, Granville keeps a framed photograph of Arkwright in the kitchen. He occasionally speaks to the photo as if speaking to Arkwright, and continues to mock his late uncle's stutter as a joke.

</doc>
<doc id="20681290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681290" title="Minuscule 2060">
Minuscule 2060

Minuscule 2060 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Av42 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 105 parchment leaves (27.5 by 21 cm). It is dated by a colophon to the year 1331. Gregory labelled it by 153r, Scrivener by 114r. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Book of Revelation with homilies of St. John Chrysostom to the Gospel of John, and the commentary of Andrew of Caesarea on the Book of Revelation. Together with this books codex has 369 leaves. Book of Revelation is on the end of this codex (pages 265-369). It is written in one column per page, in 21 lines per page.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
The text of the codex was collated by Hoskier.
The codex currently is housed at the Vatican Library (Ms. 542), in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="20681312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681312" title="Shinee discography">
Shinee discography

South Korean boy band Shinee, produced and managed by SM Entertainment, has been in the music business since 2008 and is one of the best-selling K-pop groups, having sold over 8 million records worldwide. They have currently released five studio albums, one live album, three video albums, four extended plays (EPs), eighteen singles, four promotional singles and seventeen music videos. They have also participated in singing thirteen soundtracks for various Korean dramas and have been a part of the SM Town's winter vacation album "2011 Winter SMTown – The Warmest Gift" and the summer vacation album "2009 Summer SMTown – We Are Shining" with other fellow SM artists. Their debut song was "Replay" in 2008.
Shinee's chart debut came in May 2008 with the single "Noona Neomu Yeppeo (Replay)", which reached number three. They soon released their debut studio album, "The Shinee World" (2008), which was later re-released as "Amigo" (2008). The album spawned two more singles: "Love Like Oxygen", Shinee's the first number one single and "A.Mi.Go" which ranked on place five on the Gaon Single Chart. Shinee's second EP, "Romeo" (2009), contained their second number one single, "Juliette". The release was soon followed by their third EP, "2009, Year of Us" (2009). Their second studio album, "Lucifer" (2010) was later re-released as "Hello" (2010). Almost two years later they released a fourth EP, "Sherlock" (2012). In 2013, Shinee released two-part studio albums "Dream Girl – The Misconceptions of You" and "Why So Serious? – The Misconceptions of Me", which were later re-released as "The Misconceptions of Us" (2013). The same year, the boys released their fifth EP "Everybody".
A Japanese version of "Replay", released as "Replay (Kimi wa Boku no Everything)", was Shinee's first Japanese-language release, which peaked at number two on the Oricon Chart. In the first week of sales, it sold over 91,419 copies giving them second place on the Oricon Weekly Chart. It is also the most sales a Korean idol group has had for their debut in their first week of sales. They then released their first Japanese studio album, "The First" (2011). Their first original Japanese song, "Dazzling Girl", which was released as a double A-side single with another Japanese original song "Run With Me", ranked on place two on the Oricon Charts and was certificated with the "Gold" status. They released their second Japanese album "Boys Meet U" in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20681325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681325" title="Constant purchasing power accounting">
Constant purchasing power accounting

Capital maintenance in units of constant purchasing power (CMUCPP CMUCPP implements financial CMUCPP – as originally authorized in IFRS in the Framework (1989), Par 104 (a) [now Conceptual Framework (2010), Par 4.59 (a)] which states: "Financial capital maintenance can be measured in either nominal monetary units or units of CPP" as an alternative to the 3000-year-old generally accepted globally implemented traditional historical cost accounting (HCA) model – with differentiated variable and constant real value non-monetary items in terms of a Daily CPI which automatically maintains the real value of capital constant for an indefinite period of time in all entities that at least break even in real value at all levels of inflation and deflation – "ceteris paribus". Net constant item losses and gains are calculated and accounted whenever constant items are not measured in units of CPP. Variable real value non-monetary items are valued in terms of IFRS and then updated daily in terms of the Daily CPI. Historical variable items are updated in terms of the Daily CPI because there is no stable measuring unit assumption under CMUCPP. Monetary items are always and everywhere (current period and historical monetary items) inflation-adjusted in terms of the Daily CPI since the stable measuring unit assumption is rejected under CMUCPP. Net monetary losses and gains are calculated and accounted whenever monetary items are not inflation-adjusted. CMUCPP is a price-level accounting model.
CMUCPP automatically maintains the CPP of capital constant for an indefinite period of time in all entities that at least break even in real value at all levels of inflation and deflation (including during hyperinflation as guide-lined in IAS 29) – "ceteris paribus" – whether they own any revaluable fixed asset or not.
CMUCPP only maintains the real value of all non-monetary items (the entire real or non-monetary economy) relatively stable when these items are valued on a daily basis in terms of a Brazilian-style non-monetary index or daily parallel rate (normally the daily US Dollar parallel rate) during hyperinflation. IAS 29 requires the restatement of Historical Cost or Current Cost period-end financial statements in terms of the period-end monthly published Consumer Price Index during hyperinflation. IAS 29 should be implemented in terms of daily valuation of all non-monetary items in units of CPP in terms of the Daily CPI which would maintain 100 per cent of current period profits constant in real value. IAS 29 thus requires the implementation of financial CMUCPP. 
CMUCPP was authorized in IFRS in the IASB's original "Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements, Par. 104 (a)" in 1989. In terms of the original "Framework, (1989)" Par 104 (a) accountants choose CMUCPP to implement a financial capital concept of invested "purchasing power", i.e. financial CMUCPP at all levels of inflation and deflation instead of the traditional HC concept of invested money. They thus implement a CPP financial capital maintenance concept by measuring financial capital maintenance "in units of CPP" instead of traditional HC nominal monetary units and they implement a CPP profit/loss determination concept in units of CPP instead of in real value eroding nominal monetary units under HCA. Examples of constant items are issued share capital, retained income, capital reserves, all other items in shareholders´ equity, trade debtors, trade creditors, provisions, deferred tax assets and liabilities, all other non-monetary payables, all other non-monetary receivables, salaries, wages, rentals, all other items in the income statement, etc. Examples of variable items are property, plant, equipment, listed and unlisted shares, inventory, foreign exchange, etc. Variable items are valued in terms of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) at for example fair value, market value, recoverable value, present value, net realizable value, etc. or Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) during non-hyperinflationary periods. 
Monetary items, variable real value non-monetary items and constant real value non-monetary items are the three fundamentally different basic economic items in the economy.
CMUCPP automatically maintains the real value of capital constant in all entities that at least break even in real value including banks´ and companies' capital base, for an unlimited period of time – all else being equal- whether these entities own revaluable fixed assets or not and without the requirement of additional capital from capital providers in the form of extra money or extra retained profits simply to maintain the existing constant real non-monetary value of existing capital constant. This is opposed to the traditional historical cost accounting model under which the real value of that portion of shareholders´ equity never maintained constant with sufficient revaluable fixed assets (revalued or not) are unknowingly, unnecessarily and unintentionally eroded at a rate equal to the annual rate of inflation as a result of the implementation of the very erosive stable measuring unit assumption under HCA. CMUCPP was authorized in IFRS in 1989 as an alternative to the traditional HCA model at all levels of inflation and deflation in the original "Framework (1989)" and is applicable as a result of the absence of specific IFRS relating to the concepts of capital and capital maintenance and the valuation of specific constant real value non-monetary items. 
The original framework (1989), Par 104 (a) is applicable at all levels of inflation and deflation, including during hyperinflation as specifically guide-lined in IAS 29.
Discredited 1970-style CPP accounting was a form of inflation accounting which tried unsuccessfully – by updating "all" non-monetary items (variable real value non-monetary items and constant real value non-monetary items) equally by means of the period-end monthly published CPI in an unsuccessful attempt to correct the real value eroding effect of the stable measuring unit assumption during high inflation (but not yet hyperinflation) in the 1970´s. Under CMUCPP, all non-monetary items – constant and variable items – are updated daily in terms of a Brazilian-style non-monetary index or a hard currency parallel rate during hyperinflation. 
The CMUCPP model presents substantial benefits, for example, automatically maintaining banks' and companies' existing capital base constant for an indefinite period of time in all entities that at least break even in real value at all levels of inflation and deflation - "ceteris paribus."
Certain income statement constant real value non-monetary items, most notably salaries, wages, rentals, etc. are updated on an annual basis by means of the monthly published CPI, that is, valued or measured in units of CPP during low inflation, in most economies implementing the traditional HCA model. They are, however, thereafter paid on a monthly basis by applying the stable measuring unit assumption; i.e. they are not updated daily as done under CMUCPP.
1970-style CPP accounting was a failed inflation accounting model.
South African Institute of Chartered Accountants: "Yes, this does have conceptual appeal and was experimented with in the UK and US in the 1970s, when inflation was high. Yet the markets brushed aside the inflation-adjusted figures because:
• "The capital markets are acutely aware of the extent of inflation and are perfectly capable of allowing for this in determining the value of shares; and 
• "Businesses are affected by the specific price changes of the products with which they are dealing; changes that may bear little relationship to a general price index like the CPI.
"It therefore made little practical sense to introduce CPI-based adjustments. Indeed, when the CPI-based approach was included in supplementary accounts, business generally objected on the grounds that the adjusted numbers did not reflect the impact of specific inflation.
"Eventually, with inflation abating in the UK and US, and accountants engaging in increasingly technical dead-end debates, the use of CPI-adjusted numbers was abandoned.
"Self-evidently, inflation adjustments that apply accounting standard IAS 29 are essential in hyperinflationary environments, in which historic numbers are meaningless. Even then, the adjusted figures have little meaning, since by the time they see the light of day they are already out of touch with reality.
"International Accounting Standard" 29, Par. 6: "In most countries, primary financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis of accounting without regard either to changes in the general level of prices or to increases in specific prices of assets held, except to the extent that property, plant and equipment and investments may be revalued. Some entities, however, present financial statements that are based on a current cost approach that reflects the effects of changes in the specific prices of assets held."
The following quote from Geoffrey Whittington's book "Inflation Accounting – An Introduction to the Debate", published in 1983, reflects the above position:
"Constant Purchasing Power Accounting (CPP) is a consistent method of indexing accounts by means of a general index which reflects changes in the purchasing power of money. It therefore attempts to deal with the inflation problem in the sense in which this is popularly understood, as a decline in the value of the currency. It attempts to deal with this problem by converting "all" of the currency unit measurement in accounts into units at a common date by means of the index."
At all levels of inflation.
The specific choice of measuring financial CMUCPP (the CMUCPP model) as authorized in the original Framework (1989), was approved by the IASB's predecessor body, the International Accounting Standards Committee Board, in April 1989 for publication in July 1989 and adopted by the IASB in April 2001.
"In the absence of a Standard or an Interpretation that specifically applies to a transaction, management must use its judgement in developing and applying an accounting policy that results in information that is relevant and reliable. In making that judgement, IAS 8.11 requires management to consider the definitions, recognition criteria, and measurement concepts for assets, liabilities, income, and expenses in the Framework. This elevation of the importance of the Framework was added in the 2003 revisions to IAS 8."
IAS8, 11: "In making the judgement, management shall refer to, and consider the applicability of, the following sources in descending order:
(a) the requirements and guidance in Standards and Interpretations dealing with similar and related issues; and
(b) the definitions, recognition criteria and measurement concepts for assets, liabilities, income and expenses in the Framework."
There is no applicable IFRS or Interpretations regarding the capital concept, the capital maintenance concept and the valuation of all constant real value non-monetary items. The original Framework (1989), Par 104 (a) is thus applicable.
CMUCPP is not only an inflation accounting model. CMUCPP is implemented at all levels of inflation and deflation. IAS 29 (requiring CMUCPP) is the inflation-accounting model defined in IFRS. CMUCPP by measuring financial capital maintenance in units of CPP incorporates an alternative CPP capital concept, CPP financial capital maintenance concept and CPP profit determination concept to the HC capital concept, HC financial capital maintenance concept and HC profit determination concept. CMUCPP requires all constant items always and everywhere to be valued in units of CPP in terms of the Daily CPI because there is no stable measuring unit assumption under this accounting model. Variable items are valued in terms of IFRS or GAAP and then updated in terms of the Daily CPI. Historical variable items are updated daily in terms of the Daily CPI as a result of the absence of the stable measuring unit assumption under CMUCPP.
Authorized by the IASB during low inflation.
The statement "Financial capital maintenance can be measured in either nominal monetary units or units of CPP,"' in the IASB´s original Framework (1989), Par 104 (a), means that CMUCPP has been authorized by the IASB since 1989 as an alternative to the traditional HCA model at all levels of inflation and deflation, including during hyperinflation as required in IAS 29. This means that the international accounting profession has been in agreement regarding the use of financial capital maintenance in units of CPP during low inflation, high inflation, hyperinflation and deflation since 1989. It also means that financial CMUCPP to automatically maintain the real value of capital constant in all entities that at least break even - ceteris paribus - in a low inflationary environment is authorized in IFRS since the original Framework (1989) is applicable in the absence of specific IFRS. 
Income statement constant items like salaries, wages, rents, pensions, utilities, transport fees, etc. are normally valued in units of CPP during low inflation in most economies as an annual update. Payments in money for these items are normally inflation-adjusted by means of the consumer price index (CPI) to compensate for the erosion of the real value of money (the monetary medium of exchange) by inflation only on an annual not daily basis. "Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon" and can only erode the real value of money (the functional currency inside an economy) and other monetary items. Inflation can not and does not erode the real value of non-monetary items. Inflation has no effect on the real value of non-monetary items. Constant items´ real values are automatically maintained for an unlimited period of time in all entities that at least break even by the CMUCPP model as per the original Framework (1989) at all levels of inflation and deflation as authorized by the IASB since 1989 instead of currently being eroded by the implementation of the traditional HC model when the very erosive stable measuring unit assumption is applied. It is thus the stable measuring unit assumption and not inflation that erodes the real value of constant items never maintained constant at a rate equal to the inflation rate when the stable measuring unit assumption is implemented for an indefinite period of time during continuous low inflation.
Implementing the CMUCPP model means the stable measuring unit assumption is rejected. The stable measuring unit assumption is implemented when the HCA model is chosen where under financial capital maintenance is measured in nominal monetary units. Financial capital maintenance in nominal monetary units per se during inflation and deflation is a fallacy since it is impossible to maintain the existing real value of capital constant with financial capital maintenance in nominal monetary units (the HCA model) per se during inflation and deflation. Accountants world wide currently choose the traditional HCA model.
Net monetary gains and losses authorized during low inflation and deflation in IFRS since 1989.
Accountants have to calculate the net monetary loss or gain from holding monetary items when they choose the CMUCPP model and measure financial CMUCPP in the same way as the IASB currently requires its calculation and accounting during hyperinflation. The calculation and accounting of net monetary losses and gains during low inflation and deflation have thus been authorized in IFRS since 1989. There are net monetary losses and net monetary gains during low inflation too, but they are not required to be calculated when accountants choose the traditional HCA model.
Net constant item gains and losses are also calculated and accounted under CMUCPP.
Underlying assumptions.
IFRS authorize two basic accounting models:
1. Financial capital maintenance in nominal monetary units or Historical cost accounting (see the Framework (1989), Par 104 (a)).
2. Financial CMUCPP or Constant Item Purchasing Power Accounting (see the Framework (1989), Par 104 (a)).
A. Under Historical cost accounting the underlying assumptions used in IFRS are:
The stable measuring unit assumption (traditional Historical Cost Accounting) during annual inflation of 25% for 3 years in a row would erode 100% of the real value of all constant real value non-monetary items not maintained under the Historical Cost paradigm.
B. Under CMUCPP the underlying assumptions in IFRS are:
The IASB's "Framework".
Framework for the preparation and presentation of financial statements 
A major difference between US GAAP and IFRS is the fact that three fundamentally different concepts of capital and capital maintenance are authorized in IFRS while US GAAP only authorize two capital and capital maintenance concepts during low inflation and deflation: (1) physical capital maintenance and (2) financial capital maintenance in nominal monetary units (traditional Historical Cost Accounting) as stated in Par 45 to 48 in the FASB Conceptual Satement Nº 5. US GAAP does not recognize the third concept of capital and capital maintenance during low inflation and deflation, namely, financial CMUCPP as authorized in IFRS in the framework, Par 104 (a) in 1989.
Concepts of capital maintenance and the determination of profit.
The three concepts of capital defined in IFRS during low inflation and deflation are:
The three concepts of capital maintenance authorized in IFRS during low inflation and deflation are:
Required by the IASB during hyperinflation.
The IASB authorized the CMUCPP model during low inflation, high inflation, hyperinflation and deflation in the original framework (1989) as an alternative to the HCA model. 

</doc>
<doc id="20681329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681329" title="Old St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch">
Old St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch

Old St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch is a parish church in the Church of England located in Bonchurch, Isle of Wight.
History.
The nave and chancel dates from the 11th century, with the bell cote dating from the 16th century as does the bell. The south porch was added in the 19th century. It was replaced by St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch in 1848 but despite contemporary discussions about demolition, survives.
After the new church was built the old church went into a long sleep and wasn't used for decades.
Parish Status.
The church is within a group which includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20681337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681337" title="Chixoy">
Chixoy

Chixoy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20681347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681347" title="Borut Urh">
Borut Urh

Borut Urh (born July 28, 1974, in Ljubljana, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former professional tennis player from Slovenia. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 281 in 1999 and a career-high doubles ranking of World No. 160 in 1997.
Urh participated in 12 Davis Cup ties for Slovenia from 1993 to 2001, posting a 4–7 record in singles and a 7–2 record in doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20681360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681360" title="Corporate law in the United States">
Corporate law in the United States

Corporate law in the United States is a collection of over 50 different systems of corporate law, or one law for each state. Two sources of law are, however particularly important: the Model Business Corporation Act (MBCA), drafted by the American Bar Association was influential and adopted by twenty four states; and because companies are free to incorporate in any state under the United States Constitution, regardless of whether they are doing business or are headquartered there, many corporations have found Delaware's laws and specialized courts attractive. More than half of US corporations are incorporated under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), and Delaware corporate law is particularly influential. The corporate laws of large states such as New York and California are also important.
State laws govern corporations' mechanics, but many federal laws are also applicable. Publicly traded corporations must comply with federal securities laws, the most important of which are the Securities Act of 1933 and Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOXA) imposed many new rules on public corporations. Corporations must also comply with the wide variety of federal laws governing employment, environmental protection, food and drug regulation, intellectual property and other areas.
History.
Most corporate charters were, and still are, regulated by the states. Prior to the late 19th century, most companies were incorporated by a special bill adopted by legislature. By the end of the 18th century, there were about 300 incorporated companies in the United States, most of them providing public services, and only eight manufacturing companies. In the early 19th century, states began to enact corporation laws. New York was the first state to enact a corporate statute in 1811. The 1811 New York corporate law allowed for the formation of limited liability corporations with a simple registration system; however, this was only available for manufacturing companies. New Jersey followed New York's lead in 1816, when it enacted its first corporate law. In 1837, Connecticut adopted a general corporation statute that allowed for the incorporation of any corporation engaged in any lawful business. Delaware did not enact its first corporation law until 1883.
These early state corporation laws were all restrictive in design, often with the intention of preventing corporations for gaining too much wealth and power. Investors generally had to be given an equal say in corporate governance, and corporations were required to comply with the purposes expressed in their charters. Therefore, some large-scale businesses used other forms of association; for example, Andrew Carnegie formed his steel operation as a limited partnership and John D. Rockefeller set up Standard Oil as a corporate trust.
Until the late 19th century, the formation of a corporation usually required an act of legislature. State enactment of corporation laws, which was becoming more common by the 1830s, allowed companies to incorporate without securing the adoption of a special legislative bill. However, given the restrictive nature of state corporation laws, many companies preferred to seek a special legislative act for incorporation to attain privileges or monopolies, even until the late nineteenth century. In 1819, the U.S. Supreme Court granted corporations rights they had not previously recognized in "Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward". The Supreme Court declared that a corporation is not transformed into civil institution just because the government commissioned its corporate charter; and, accordingly, it deemed corporate charters "inviolable" and not subject to arbitrary amendment or abolition by state governments.
In the late 19th century, state governments started to adopt more permissive corporate laws. In 1896, New Jersey was the first state to adopt an "enabling" corporate law, with the goal of attracting more business to the state. As a result of its early enabling corporate statute, New Jersey was the first leading corporate state. In 1899, Delaware followed New Jersey's lead with the enactment of an enabling corporate statute, but Delaware only became the leading corporate state after the enabling provisions of the 1896 New Jersey corporate law were repealed in 1913. Despite the fact that New Jersey changed its corporate law again in 1917 to reenact an enabling corporate statute similar to the repealed 1899 enabling statute, corporations had relocated to Delaware for good; Delaware has been the leading corporate state since the 1920s.
In 1890, Congress passed the Sherman Antitrust Act, which criminalised cartels that acted in restraint of trade. While the case law developed, which eventually began cracking down on the normal practices of businesses who cooperated or colluded with one another, corporations could not acquire stock in one another's businesses. However, in 1898, New Jersey, at the time the leading corporate state, changed its law to allow this. Delaware mirrored New Jersey's enactment in an 1899 statute that stated that shares held in other corporations did not confer voting rights and acquisition of shares in other companies required explicit authorisation. Any corporation created under the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) could purchase, hold, sell, or assign shares of other corporations. Accordingly, Delaware corporations could acquire stock in other corporations registered in Delaware and exercise all rights. This helped make Delaware increasingly an attractive places for businesses to incorporate holding companies, through which they could retain control over large operations without sanction under the Sherman Act. As antitrust law continued to tighten, companies integrated through mergers fully.
Limited liability was a matter of state law, and in Delaware up until 1967, it was left to the certificate of incorporation to stipulate “whether the private property of the stockholders... shall be subject to the payment of corporate debts, and if so, to what extent.” In California, limited liability was recognised as late as 1931.
Corporate constitution.
Director power and accountability.
It is a principle of corporate law that the directors of a company have the right to manage. This is expressed in statute in the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL), where §141(a) states,
(a) The business and affairs of every corporation organized under this chapter shall be managed by or under the direction of a board of directors, except as may be otherwise provided in this chapter or in its certificate of incorporation.
Directors' duties.
Duty of care.
The business judgment rule is a legal presumption that the directors and officers of the corporation have exercised due care by acting on an informed basis, in good faith, and in the honest belief that their actions are in the best interests of the
corporation. Unless a plaintiff can give persuasive evidence against at least one of these criteria, corporate directors and officers are insulated from liability for breach of the duty of care.
Self-dealing.
Corporate officers and directors may pursue business transactions that benefit themselves as long as they can prove the transaction, although self-interested, was nevertheless intrinsically "fair" to the corporation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20681361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681361" title="Annai Velankanni">
Annai Velankanni

Annai Velankanni is 1971 Indian drama film in Tamil. The film starred Gemini Ganesan, Jayalalitha, Padmini and K. R. Vijaya. Kamal Hassan briefly appears in an uncredited role as Jesus Christ. The film was directed by K. Thankappan. It comprises three stories pertaining to Christian beliefs. Velankanni, where the film is set is a real village in India, and has a large church dedicated to the Virgin Mary and Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="20681373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681373" title="St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch">
St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch

St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch is a parish church in the Church of England located in Bonchurch, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church dates from 1847 and 1848 by the architect Ferrey. It replaced Old St. Boniface Church, Bonchurch. 
The church is cruciform in shape with a south porch and two north vestries. The bell turret contains a single bell which weighs 4cwt and is tuned to the key of E"b"
Parish Status.
The church is within a group which includes:
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by Forster and Andrews dating from 1872. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20681374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681374" title="2009 Chicago Sky season">
2009 Chicago Sky season

The 2009 WNBA season is the 4th for the Chicago Sky of the Women's National Basketball Association. The Sky were unable to qualify for the WNBA Playoffs for the first time in franchise history.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Sky's 2008 record, they would pick 3rd in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Sky picked Mistie Williams.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Sky's selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20681379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681379" title="Brickley Engine">
Brickley Engine

The Brickley Engine is a patented proposal for the design of an internal combustion engine. One embodiment uses opposing pistons driving a central linkage mechanism which turns the crankshaft with a single connecting rod. This proposed design configuration changes the way the pistons are connected to each other and to the crankshaft, thus reducing engine friction. Additionally, by connecting the pistons to each other in a more efficient manner, it reduces the type and number of bearings on the crankshaft for further reductions in friction. Reducing the internal friction of the engine should increase the fuel efficiency of the proposed engine as compared with the current design of one connecting rod per piston. The Brickley Engine was invented by Mike Brickley, an engineer from Austin, Texas. The engine configuration has three US patents.
History.
Fascinated with the steam engine, Brickley designed and built a steam-powered bicycle while in high school. Interest in other types of heat engines followed, each with it's accompanying acquired knowledge base. A breadth of disciplines including thermodynamics, engineering design, and hands-on machine tool experience as each applies to the steam engine, the Stirling engine, and the internal combustion engine, allowed for an unusual way to view the problem of engine friction. Based on this knowledge history, he created the design for the Brickley Engine. Three U.S. patents were granted: 7,219,647, 7,481,188, and 8,047,178.
Design.
The design of the Brickley Engine differs to that of a standard four-cylinder engine because it implements a new force transfer mechanism that eliminates the need of many traditional parts in a standard four cylinder-engine, such as the piston skirts and multiple connecting rods. In this transfer mechanism, there can be two opposing pairs of pistons located on opposite sides where each piston has a foward and a reverse stroke. The strokes of the two opposing pistons in each opposing pair are synchronized in both directions. These pistons can be linked to a single connecting rod at a pivot point to drive a crankshaft. The focus of the design in each of it's embodiments is to reduce the distance traveled by the loaded areas of oil being sheared inside the engine.
Benefits.
Implementing this design in modern vehicles can have multiple benefits as compared to a standard four-cylinder engine:
With the improvement in the efficient management of the forces created within the engine, the energy that would normally be lost in a standard four cylinder engine is converted into power. With the configuration of the Brickley Engine, it is calculated that the engine would improve fuel mileage and cut CO2 emissions by 15-20%. In addition, the Brickley Engine would theoretically use 50% less fuel than a standard gasoline engine.
Challenges.
Although Mike Brickley believes that the Brickley Engine would be a solution to the rising price of gasoline and the global warming crisis, the proposed engine faces challenges that keep the design from being implemented in future vehicles. Getting the automotive industry to accept the design of the Brickley Engine is complicated. The design of the Brickley Engine does in fact double the reciprocating mass, and consequently alters the engine balance. Some believe that by increasing the reciprocating mass, the friction inside the engine increases as a direct result and therefore, makes the engine seem no better than the current design. The automotive industry is currently searching to fix the problem of increasing gasoline prices in other ways. Currently the automotive industry is working to avoid gasoline as a fuel, and is looking into electricity as a source of energy for future vehicles. This interest away from gasoline has impacted funding for the Brickley Engine. 
Current state of development.
The Brickley Engine was included in The New York Times Magazine's eight-annual "The Year in Ideas" issue (2008) where it was highlighted as one of the most notable inventions of the year. While funding has been limited, currently Brickley is building a 690cc version of his engine configuration to demonstrate the value of this approach.

</doc>
<doc id="20681398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681398" title="Firestar (Transformers)">
Firestar (Transformers)

Firestar is a fictional character from the Transformers series. She is a female Autobot firefighter and romantic interest of the Autobot Inferno. In "The Transformers" she was voiced by Morgan Lofting. 
Transformers: Generation 1.
Firestar is a female Autobot and romantic interest of Inferno.
Animated series.
Firestar first appeared in "The Transformers" episode "The Search for Alpha Trion" as one of the troops under the command of Elita One on Cybertron. She participated on a raid on Shockwave's energon supply with Elita One, Chromia and Moonracer.
Dreamwave Productions.
Elita One, Chromia, Firestar and Moonracer appeared briefly in the final issue of Dreamwave Comics "Generation One" series among the female Transformers sent by the Quintessons to Cybertron. Although they were supposed to character in the next plot arc involving the return of Optimus Prime, the company's closing left this story unfinished.
Fun Publications.
Firestar trained the young female Autobot Flareup.

</doc>
<doc id="20681406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681406" title="Moonracer">
Moonracer

Moonracer is a fictional character in the Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Moonracer is one of Elita One's agents. She is old friends with the Autobot Powerglide.
Animated series.
Moonracer is a female Transformer. Like the rest of the female Autobots introduced in the episode "The Search for Alpha Trion", she does not make another appearance in the animated series.
Dreamwave Productions.
Elita One, Chromia, Firestar and Moonracer appeared briefly in the final issue of Dreamwave "Generation One" series among the female Transformers sent by the Quintessons to Cybertron. Although they were supposed to character in the next plot arc involving the return of Optimus Prime, the company closing left this story unfinished.
Fun Publications.
Moonracer appears in the story "The Coming Storm" working for Alpha Trion. Her appearance in this story was based on the "Timelines" Chromia toy, which was initially designed to be her.

</doc>
<doc id="20681410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681410" title="It's Yours">
It's Yours

"It's Yours" is the first single from singer J. Holiday's second studio album, "Round 2". The single features production from The Co-Stars (Teairra Mari's Make Her Feel Good), and Jasper Cameron (Lloyd's Player's Prayer).
The song was well received, becoming the most added single at Urban Mainstream radio the week of December 13, 2008.
Music video.
The music video premiered on Yahoo and it was directed by Jonathan Mannion. It appeared at #78 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20681420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681420" title="Russell A. Gausman">
Russell A. Gausman

Russell A. Gausman (4 July 1892 – 20 May 1963) was an American set decorator. He was won two Academy Awards and was nominated for five more in the category Best Art Direction. He worked on nearly 700 films between 1925 and 1960.
He was born in St. Louis, Missouri and died in Los Angeles, California.
Academy Awards.
Gausman won two Academy Awards for Best Art Direction and was nominated for five more:

</doc>
<doc id="20681435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681435" title="2009 Washington Mystics season">
2009 Washington Mystics season

The 2009 WNBA season is the 12th season for the Washington Mystics franchise of the Women's National Basketball Association. The Mystics reached the playoffs for the first time in three years. They lost to the Indiana Fever in the first round in a sweep.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Mystics' 2008 record, they would pick 2nd in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Mystics picked Matee Ajavon.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Mystics' selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20681439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681439" title="The Cock and the Jasp">
The Cock and the Jasp

The Taill of the Cok and the Jasp is a Middle Scots version of Aesop's Fable "The Cock and the Jewel" by the 15th-century Scottish poet Robert Henryson. It is the first in Henryson's collection known as the "Morall Fabillis of Esope the Phrygian". "The Cok and the Jasp" is framed by a prologue and a "moralitas", and as the first poem in the collection it operates on a number of levels, and in all its parts, to introduce the larger cycle.
Source.
Although the Aesopian tale of "The Cock and the Jewel", which Henryson re-tells, is typically simple, it is one of the most ambiguous in the fable canon. It presents what is, in effect, a riddle on relative values with almost the force of a kōan. One modern translation of the fable, in its most cogent form, runs thus: 
The standard medieval interpretation of the fable, however (which Henryson follows) came down firmly against the cockerel on the grounds that the jewel represents wisdom rather than mere wealth or allure. This interpretation is expressed in the "verse Romulus", the standard fable text across Europe in that era, written in the lingua franca, Latin. 
Henryson tacitly acknowledges this "source" in his own expanded version by claiming to be making a "translatioun" from the Latin and directly quoting some of its lines. The "Romulus" was a standard classroom text used in primary education to teach Latin. Since "The Cock and the Jewel" ("De Gallo et Jaspide") was the first fable in this standard collection, it was, "de facto," a universally familiar text in literary consciousness throughout Europe.
Prologue.
There is little doubt that the succinct "prolog" which leads into the "Cok and the Jasp" is intended to introduce a general collection of Fabillis, not solely the Fabill of the "Cok and the Jasp". It opens with a defense of poetry (expanded from the "verse Romulus"), presents an apologia for making the "translatioun", establishes the first person narrator, summarises Aesop's work and provides a bridging passage into the "First Fabill". 
The first four stanzas develop a general argument that fiction, even though it may be "feinyeit" by nature, can have a sound moral purpose at heart, and that stories which are "pleisand" (line 4) or "merie" (line 20) are better suited to convey wisdom than dry scholastic writing. Henryson develops his meaning using three images; cereal cultivation (stanza 2), the "nuttis schell" (stanza 3) and the bowstring (stanza 4). 
In stanza 5 (the middle stanza of the prolog) the narrator identifies and directly addresses his audience for the first time as "my maisteris", or in other words, his own university educated peers. The writer, in effect, is figuring himself in the role of student before his teachers (his readers). The stanza also makes cryptic reference to an unnamed commissioning patron for the poem who may or may not have existed.
The humility topos continues into the next stanza where the narrator pretends to have no understanding of eloquence and an ability only to write in "rude" and "hamelie" language, a self-deferential reference to his choice to create poetry in Scots rather than Latin. He concludes by inviting his readers to correct any mistakes they may find. 
A brief precis of Aesop's fable literature then follows in the next three stanzas with a stark view of its purposes and some comments on how animal behaviour and human nature compare. The ninth stanza ends with a swift bridging passage into the first Fabill.
Fable.
Of all the thirteen "taillis", the "Cok and the Jasp" most pretends to be like the static and conventional re-tellings more usual in fable genre. Henryson's innovation and development from his sources chiefly involve presenting an unusually well-rounded, imaginatively realised figure of the cok in a specific and concretely drawn setting. He establishes explicit reasons for the loss of the jasp and sets the location for its discovery as a midden. He also expands the cockerel's arguments and ultimate reasons for the rejection of the jasp as a carefully orchestrated passage of fully fleshed oration which nonetheless continues to sound as if it is being delivered in the voice of a cockerel. But since this is not so much a story — more a strongly drawn vignette — the fabill does not yet fully live up to the requirements for fully effective storytelling argued for in the prolog. This will come in the subsequent fabillis, and so, in a sense, the First Fabill partly acts to defer reader's expectations. 
The cok addresses the stone directly, acknowledges its worth, recognises it has been misplaced and argues, realistically enough, that to him it is of no practical use. The jasp, he says, is an object that belongs more properly to a "lord or king" (line 81), while he is content simply to satisfy his humble wants in "draf", "corn", "wormis" and "snaillis" — his daily "meit". The rhetorical climax comes in the seventh stanza of the fabill in which the "cok", rising on a number of rhetorical questions, finishes with an almost fantastical exortation for the stone to levitate and transport itself back to some more royal place: 
And the cock, leaving the jasp, exits the poem to "seek his meit" (line 114).
Moralitas.
The poet immediately follows the "taill" with a moralitas. This was a common device in medieval and renaissance fable literature, and its use here establishes the convention that Henryson will employ consistently through all thirteen of the "Morall Fabillis". 
In this case, however, before the Moralitas properly begins, stanza 18 (the ninth stanza of the fabill) as a footnote to the "taill", intercedes with a compressed account of the qualities of the jasp, including its protective properties, which almost instantly casts doubt on the wisdom of the cock's decision. For example, lines 125-6: 
In a sense, stanza 18 presents a new riddle and, to be answered, requires the cock's argument to be turned. 
The Moralitas proper is usually given to begin after stanza 18 in most textual witnesses except Bannatyne. Its five stanzas come down explicitly against the cock and so, by implication, present a conceit of closure on Aesop's more open and enigmatic original. The narrator minces no words in expressing how serious the cockerel's error has been in rejecting the stone because, he says, the jasp represents "science", in the sense of wisdom, which he defines in terms that bring it close in meaning to concepts like "dharma". In the final stanza he laments mankind's general failure to respect and comprehend these values: 
He closes, with pretended indifference, by advising the reader, if he so wishes, to go seek the jasp where it lies.
Themes.
Henryson's expansion of Aesop's fable makes its inferences concrete, introduces complexity and raises a large number of themes in a very short space. In relation to other known fable literature in Europe up to that time, the "loading" is extremely rich. 
Even though the moralitas comes down sincerely and emphatically on the side of the rejected stone, nevertheless, the cockerel has raised questions that are not necessarily easily resolved. The subsequent poems will appear to further intensify many of those doubts and dichotomies rather than resolving them. Therefore the riddling aspect to the Aesopian original is, in some regards, not ultimately overturned and is arguably maintined as part of the fabric of the poem. 
Among the specific issues touched on or implied in Henryson's expansion are questions of fiction and truth, appetite, self-interest, fecklessness, materialism, duty, wisdom, hierarchy, equality, education, social order, government, the nature of aristocracy, the nature of royalty and many others. There is also the question of who the cockerel ultimately represents and whether, in some sense, Henryson's poem itself is ultimately the jasp which the reader has encountered "in the midden" to take or leave as he or she wishes.
Opening lines.
It is worth noting that the opening of Henryson's Prolog to the "Morall Fabillis" echoes the opening lines of John Barbour's "Brus". It is therefore a variation on the theme of the relation between truth and report in literature. For comparison, the first ten lines, of "The Brus", composed in the 1370s, run: 
Henryson's first stanza, written just over a century later, uses a number of the same (or similar) terms, but, in shorter space, generates a slightly less sanguine impression of the relation between narrative, audience and subject. The differences are subtle, but distinct: 
Numbers.
The first fabill, in all its three parts, occupies 23 stanzas, distributed 9—9—5. 
Because of the ambiguity of the status of stanza 18 (as in a sense a second "mini" moralitas) the count could be interpreted as 
or even perhaps, 

</doc>
<doc id="20681441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681441" title="Willie Mullan">
Willie Mullan

Willie Mullan was a Northern Irish Evangelist. He was born in Newtownards, County Down, Ireland in 1911. In his book "Tramp after God", he tells of living for more than three years as a tramp abusing alcohol and involved in crime. Willie Mullan had a religious conversion and from that time forward he decided he would strive to serve God.
In 1953 Willie Mullan was called to Lurgan Baptist church, and in August of that year he commenced the work in Lurgan. One of his great accomplishments during this time was the Tuesday night Bible class. Every Tuesday night hundreds attended to hear the exposition of the Word. In 1957 William Hewitt and a team of helpers commenced the tape recordings of the Bible class. At least 1500 of these recordings remain until this day. Willie Mullan not only preached in Northern Ireland but in many countries across the world. His ministry has also spread world wide through the use of the audio tapes.
In December 1980 Willie Mullan died after taking his own life. On Boxing day that year, his bodily remains were laid to rest in his home town of Newtownards.

</doc>
<doc id="20681451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681451" title="Ron Buxton">
Ron Buxton

Ronald I. "Ron" Buxton is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He has represented the 103rd District in Dauphin County including a large section of the city of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania since 1993. Buxton is currently serving as House Democratic Caucus Administrator.
Biography.
Buxton graduated from Harrisburg Area Community College with an associates degree in 1971. From 1971-1975, he served as a member of the Susquehanna Township Board of Commissioners and from 1978–1979, he was the President of the Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20681455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681455" title="Maltese (goat)">
Maltese (goat)

The Maltese goat breed, as the name suggests, originates from the island of Malta. Today it has spread to many Mediterranean countries, but has been particularly selectively bred in Sicily and Southern Italy. It produces a large quantity of milk: from 500 to 600 kg of milk for 270–300 days. 
It is characterized by a predominantly white coat coloration with a black head and ears and a thick white stripe running through the middle of the face.

</doc>
<doc id="20681466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681466" title="Uncial 0300">
Uncial 0300

Uncial 0300 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th or 7th century.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Matthew 20:2-17, on fragment of 1 parchment leaf (). The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th or 7th century.
It is currently housed at the Coptic Museum (3525) in Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="20681469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681469" title="Madoff (surname)">
Madoff (surname)

Madoff may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20681470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681470" title="St. Catherine's Church, Ventnor">
St. Catherine's Church, Ventnor

St. Catherine's, Ventnor is a parish church in the Church of England located in Ventnor, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church dates from 1837 by the architect R. Ebbels.
The chancel was a later addition in 1849 and the south aisle in 1897.
Parish Status.
The church is within a group which includes:
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by James Jepson Binns. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20681480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681480" title="Siege of Aspis">
Siege of Aspis

The Siege of Aspis (or Clupea), which was the first fighting on African land during the First Punic War, was fought in 255 BC between Carthage and the Roman Republic.
Background.
After defeating the Carthaginian navy sent to stop them from reaching Africa at the battle of Cape Ecnomus, the Romans landed close to Aspis, to the south of Carthage.
Battle.
The Romans moved to besiege Aspis by building a trench and palisade to defend their ships. Carthage was not yet prepared to fight on land and the city fell after he garrison made a short resistance. By taking Clupea, the Romans controlled the area of land opposite to Carthage and secured their rear in order to scour the enemy before them. The Romans forced Aspis to surrender, and having left in the place a proper garrison, they sent some messengers to Rome to inform them of their success and to receive the instructions with regard to the next measures to be pursued. They then decamped with all their forces, and marched through the country to waste and plunder it.
Aftermath.
After defeating the Carthaginians, the Romans dispatched most of their fleet back to Rome except for a number of 15,000 infantry and 500 cavalry . The rest of the army, under the command of Marcus Atilius Regulus, remained in North Africa. Moving inland and plundering on their way, they stopped at the city of Adys. The resulting siege of Adys gave the Carthaginians time to gather an army, only to have that army defeated at the Battle of Adys.

</doc>
<doc id="20681486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681486" title="2008–09 UEFA Cup final phase">
2008–09 UEFA Cup final phase

The final phase of the 2008–09 UEFA Cup began on 18 February 2009, and concluded with the final at the Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey, on 20 May 2009. The final phase involved the 24 teams that finished in the top three in each group in the group stage and the eight teams that finished in third place in the UEFA Champions League group stage.
Each tie in the final phase, apart from the final, was played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that had the higher aggregate score over the two legs progressed to the next round. In the event that aggregate scores finished level, the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs progressed. If away goals are also equal, 30 minutes of extra time were played. If goals were scored during extra time and the aggregate score was still level, the visiting team qualified by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals were scored during extra time, there would be a penalty shootout after extra time.
In the draw for the Round of 32, matches were played between the winner of one group and the third-placed team of a different group, and between the runners-up of one group and the third-placed team from a Champions League group. The only restriction on the drawing of teams in the Round of 32 was that the teams must not be from the same national association or have played in the same group in the group stages. From the Round of 16 onwards, these restrictions did not apply.
In the final, the tie was played over just one leg at a neutral venue. If scores were level at the end of normal time in the final, extra time was played, followed by penalties if scores had remain tied.
Round of 32.
The draw for the Round of 32 took place on 19 December 2008, the day after the final round of UEFA Cup group stage matches. The draw was conducted by UEFA Secretary David Taylor and 2009 UEFA Cup Final ambassador Can Bartu, and featured the top three teams from each group in the group stage and the eight third-place finishers from the UEFA Champions League group stage. The draw saw each UEFA Cup group winner paired with the third-placed team from another UEFA Cup group and each UEFA Cup group runner-up paired with a third-placed team from the UEFA Champions League, with the only restriction on the draw being that teams from the same national association could not be drawn together. The UEFA Cup group winners and runners-up each played the second leg of their Round of 32 ties at home.
Second leg.
"CSKA Moscow won 3–1 on aggregate."
"Metalist Kharkiv won 3–0 on aggregate."
"Hamburg won 4–0 on aggregate."
"Marseille 1–1 Twente on aggregate. Marseille won 7–6 on penalties."
"Paris Saint-Germain won 5–1 on aggregate."
"Galatasaray won 4–3 on aggregate."
"Zenit St. Petersburg won 4–2 on aggregate."
"Werder Bremen 3–3 Milan on aggregate. Werder Bremen won on away goals."
"Braga won 4–1 on aggregate."
"Udinese won 4–3 on aggregate."
"Manchester City won 4–3 on aggregate."
"Ajax won 2–1 on aggregate."
"Saint-Étienne won 5–2 on aggregate."
"Aalborg BK won 6–1 on aggregate."
"Shakhtar Donetsk won 3–1 on aggregate."
"Dynamo Kyiv 3–3 Valencia on aggregate. Dynamo Kyiv won on away goals."
Round of 16.
The draw for the Round of 16 took place on 19 December 2008, immediately after the draw for the Round of 32. Each tie in the Round of 32 were numbered and teams were drawn for the Round of 16 as "Winners of match 1", "Winners of match 2", etc. The teams drawn first in each Round of 16 tie will play the first leg at home.
Second leg.
"Werder Bremen won 3–2 on aggregate."
"Marseille won 4–3 on aggregate."
"Metalist Kharkiv 3–3 Dynamo Kyiv. Dynamo Kyiv won on away goals."
"Shakhtar Donetsk won 2–1 on aggregate."
"Udinese won 2–1 on aggregate."
"Hamburg won 4–3 on aggreagate."
"Manchester City 2–2 Aalborg BK on aggregate. Manchester City won 4–3 on penalties."
"Paris Saint-Germain won 1–0 on aggreagate."
Quarter-finals.
The draw for the quarter-finals took place at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, on 20 March 2009.
Second leg.
"Hamburg won 4–3 on aggregate."
"Dynamo Kyiv won 3–0 on aggregate."
"Shaktar Donetsk won 4–1 on aggregate."
"Werder Bremen won 6–4 on aggregate."
Semi-finals.
The draw for the semi-finals took place immediately after the draw for the quarter-finals. The first legs will be played on 30 April and the second legs on 7 May.
Second leg.
"Shakhtar Donetsk won 3–2 on aggregate."
"Werder Bremen 3–3 Hamburg on aggregate. Werder Bremen won on away goals."

</doc>
<doc id="20681502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681502" title="Holy Trinity Church, Ventnor">
Holy Trinity Church, Ventnor

Holy Trinity Church, Ventnor is a parish church in the Church of England located in Ventnor, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church dates from 1860 to 1862 by the architect C.E. Giles.
The first vicar was Revd. Arthur Lewis Babington Peile (1862–1884) who was also Hon Chaplain to Queen Victoria at Osborne House (1879–1889).
Parish Status.
The church is within a group which includes:
Stained glass.
The church contains stained glass windows by Clayton and Bell.
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by Forster and Andrews dating from 1865. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20681524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681524" title="Chris Beasley (baseball)">
Chris Beasley (baseball)

Christopher Charles Beasley (born June 23, 1962) is a former middle relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the California Angels during the season. Listed at , 190 lb., Beasley batted and threw right-handed. He attended Arizona State University.
Draft.
Beasley was drafted three times. He was originally drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 6th round of the 1982 January draft, however he didn't sign. He was drafted by the Angels in the 27th round of the regular draft in 1983, however he again did not sign. He finally signed with the Cleveland Indians after being drafted by them in the ninth round of the 1984 draft.
A star pitcher for the ASU Sun Devils, Beasley played in the 1983 and 1984 College World Series.
Professional career.
In the minor leagues, Beasley was mostly used as a starting pitcher.
He began his professional career in 1984, pitching for the Batavia Trojans. He went 6–5 with a 4.01 ERA for them. In 1985, he pitched for the Waterloo Indians and Waterbury Indians, going a combined 8–13 with a 3.58 ERA. He went 8–9 with a 3.82 ERA in 1986.
In 1987, he began the season with the Williamsport Bills, however he was released by the Indians on June 15. On June 30, he was signed by the Seattle Mariners and finished the season with their minor league team, the Chattanooga Lookouts. He went a combined 4–10 with a 5.28 ERA in 1987.
On March 23, 1988 the Mariners released Beasley. He did not pitch in 1988. However, on February 10, 1989, he was signed by the Angels. He pitched for the Palm Springs Angels and Midland Angels in 1989, going a combined 12–7 with a 3.39 ERA. He pitched for the Edmonton Trappers in 1990, going 12–9 with a 4.49 ERA. 
In 1991, Beasley spent about half the season in the minors and half in the majors. He went 3–5 with a 5.26 ERA for the Trappers in the minors. On July 20, he made his big league debut, pitching against his former team, the Cleveland Indians. He worked one inning in his big league debut, allowing a walk and no earned runs. He recorded his first career strikeout in that game as well. Overall, Beasley went 0–1 with a 3.38 ERA in 22 big league games that season, giving up 10 earned runs on 26 hits and 10 walks while striking out 14 in 26 ⅔ innings of work. He played his final game on September 29.
He played his final professional season in 1992, with the Edmonton Trappers. He went 2–1 with a 4.09 ERA with them.
Overall, he went 55–59 with a 4.15 ERA in his minor league career.

</doc>
<doc id="20681545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681545" title="Days of Infamy">
Days of Infamy

Days of Infamy may refer to one of two alternate history novels about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, which brought the United States of America into World War II. The title alludes to President Franklin Roosevelt's speech to Congress asking for a declaration of war, which began, "Yesterday, December 7th, 1941 – a date which will live in infamy ...".

</doc>
<doc id="20681569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681569" title="Workplace phobia">
Workplace phobia

According to the general definition of specific phobias in DSM-IV or ICD-10, workplace phobia can be stated when an actual or imagined confrontation with the workplace or certain stimuli at the workplace (e.g. persons, objects, situations, events) causes a prominent anxiety reaction in a person. Secondly, avoidance behaviour towards the workplace or associated stimuli has developed. In some cases Workplace phobia may be a kind of social phobia or social anxiety or extreme shyness.
Symptoms.
When approaching or being at the workplace, or even when intensively thinking of the workplace, anxiety rises. This goes along with increased physiological arousal, typically with symptoms of accelerated heartbeat, sweating, trembling, hot flushed, chest pain, which might even result in a panic attack.Also could have violent behaviour toward the person who is incharge, due to anxiety 
When avoiding or leaving the feared workplace, arousal and anxiety decrease. This functions as a classical negative reinforcement: The avoidance reaction is rewarding as it reduces anxiety, reinforcing avoidance behaviour.
Avoidance.
In consequence of workplace phobia avoidance of the workplace through “sick leave” certified by a medicine is a regularly found phenomenon. 
There is a tendency for generalisation of avoidance behaviour, like avoiding passing the street where the workplace is situated, avoiding going to public places (like the supermarket) where one could meet colleagues or superiors, or even developing panic attacks and anxiety when only speaking of the workplace.
Aetiology.
Anxiety related to the workplace can be released through situational factors at the workplace itself (Mobbing, experiencing a traumatic event, sudden changes in work organisation or work content, workplace environmental factors). On the other hand, it can also be the consequence of a primary conventional mental disorder (especially anxiety disorder) which was primarily not related to the domain of work. In this case, anxiety manifests at the workplace in a specific quality. Mostly there are interactions between a general level of anxiety and workplace-related anxiety. Workplace phobia often develops after structural changes in the work environment or in work contents, or after changes in personnel and social conflicts at work.
Socio-medical meaning.
Workplace phobia is a complex clinical phenomenon with an own clinical value, with specific aetiology factors and specific requirements for therapy. This is due to the special characteristics of the anxiety-provoking stiumus: 
Therapy.
The special problem about workplace phobia treatment is that a controlled stepwise exposition to the anxiety-provoking stimulus is hardly possible. The situational conditions cannot be controlled therapeutically, the workplace cannot be entered anonymously, events happening there cannot be foreseen. With such great variety of possible disturbing factors, an exposition might even result in strengthening the phobic disorder. 
More adequate treatment methods are descriptions and analysis of situation and behaviour, development of coping strategies for reducing the general feeling of insufficiency, reframing and symptom management, clearing conflicts and exposition in sensu. 
A specific therapeutic instrument is the "vocational capacity test“ recently developed in the context of psychotherapeutic rehabilitation clinics. Hereby inpatients attending a rehabilitation therapy are sent to cooperating firms for hospitation for some days, under therapeutic supervision. By this, patients who have been away from work for a longer period can do first steps into a public work environment, may carefully test and be observed concerning their capacities at the same time.
Diagnostic status.
It can be discussed whether workplace phobia may be seen as a proper mental disorder for itself or as a symptom of another conventional (i.e. not work-related) disorders, such as social anxiety disorder ("social phobia"), obsessive-compulsive disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. Due to the specific characteristics of workplace phobia, especially its clinical and socio-medical consequences and the requirements for treatment, it seems to be senseful to treat and name it as a proper disorder. This can be understood in analogy to a heart attack which does also appear “only” as an additional symptom within a metabolic syndrome, but nevertheless gets an own status of disease because of special symptomatic, consequences for participation and prognosis, and therapeutic requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="20681576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681576" title="Show the World">
Show the World

"Show the World" is a song by the first Danish X Factor winner, Martin. It is the second single off his same-titled debut album, "Show the World" (2008). It was written by the Danish songwriting and production team of Thomas Troelsen, Remee and Lucas Secon. Martin's singing has been compared to Michael Jackson and Justin Timberlake.
Charts and certifications.
! scope="row"|Denmark (IFPI Denmark)
Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen).
In 2008, South Korean boy band Shinee recorded a cover version of the song in Korean as "Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)" (Korean:"산소 같은 너 (Love Like Oxygen). It was released as the first single from "The Shinee World" (2008).
Music video.
The music video consist of the boys dancing in a white room, wearing colorful outfits at first and then black and white outfits near the end. It switches from scenes to the boys in a club having individual shots of their solo parts. The dance was choreographed by Japanese dancer Rino Nakasone-Razalan.
Release.
SM Entertainment promoted "Love Like Oxygen" as the group's debut single outside of South Korea. The group travelled to Thailand in November 2008, where the single reached number one (as well as the album). The single continued to be released throughout Asia into early 2009. The single and album have been released in Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="20681583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681583" title="St. Mary's Church, Brading">
St. Mary's Church, Brading

St. Mary's Church, Brading is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brading, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval dating from the twelfth century. At this church the Revd Legh Richmond is thought to have originated the now globally popular idea of using boards with movable numbers to indicate hymn numbers during church services. The tower is of a very unusual style in that it is built on four piers at the entrance to the church. This is one of only four in examples in Britain. The tower contains a ring of 8 bells which the heaviest weighs 10.5cwt in the key of G. The oldest bell was made in 1594.
Parish Status.
The church is within a group which includes:
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by Forster and Andrews dating from 1864. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20681590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681590" title="John M. Jacobsen">
John M. Jacobsen

John Martin Jacobsen (born 27 December 1944) is a Norwegian film producer.
In 2008 he was awarded the Order of St. Olav. In 2003 he won the Amanda Committee's Honorary Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20681612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681612" title="Bruce Hilkene">
Bruce Hilkene

Bruce L. Hilkene (November 4, 1925 – April 26, 1990) was the captain and starting left tackle of the undefeated 1947 Michigan Wolverines football team. The team defeated the USC Trojans 49-0 in the 1948 Rose Bowl and has been selected as the greatest Michigan football team of all time. Hilkene was named captain of the 1945 team but missed the season due to wartime service in the U.S. Navy. In 1947 he returned as captain. Hilkene later served for many years as an executive at General Motors. He was posthumously inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in 1992.
Youth.
Hilkene was a native of Indianapolis, Indiana, where he attended high school.
College football.
Early seasons.
He joined the Michigan Wolverines football team as a 17-year-old freshman in September 1943 where he was a reserve player. Hilkene later joked that he was a "retired end" in 1943, "retired to the bench so long he didn't earn a letter."
At the start of the 1944 season, Hilkene competed for the starting lineup at the end position with Art Renner and Dick Rifenberg. Hilkene won the job and was the starting left end in nine of the team's ten games in 1944. The team was 8-2 that year, outscoring opponents 204-91. On his 19th birthday, Hilkene scored his first and only collegiate touchdown on a pass from Howard Yerges in a 41-19 win over the University of Pennsylvania. At the conclusion of the 1944 season, Hilkene was selected by the Big Ten coaches as an Honorable Mention player on the Associated Press All Western Conference Team. In December 1944, Hilkene was also voted by the Michigan players to be the captain of the 1945 football team.
Hilkene also played basketball as a backup center for Michigan in 1944 and 1945.
Military service.
As a sophomore in 1944, Hilkene enlisted in the U.S. Navy and participated in the V-12 Navy College Training Program while continuing his studies in Ann Arbor. In mid-February 1945, Hilkene was transferred from the university for advance military training. At the time of his transfer to active duty, newspapers published a photograph of Coach Fritz Crisler saying farewell to Hilkene with the following caption:"Losing football players and captains is getting to be an old wartime story for Michigan's grid coach, Fritz Crisler. Crisler here is saying 'so long and best of luck' to Bruce Hilkene, Indianapolis, Ind., football captain elect. Hilkene has been transferred from Michigan to an advanced Navy training base."
Hilkene missed the 1945 season due to his military service.
1946 season.
Hilkene returned to the Michigan football team for the 1946 season, but was moved to left tackle where Coach Fritz Crisler needed Hilkene's "fast-charging ability for an aggressive offensive line." Hilkene proved to be a "line standout." With the return of numerous players from military service, the 1946 team had five present and former team captains competing for a spot in the lineup: Art Renner, Joe Ponsetto, Bob Wiese, Paul White and Hilkene. Hilkene won a starting spot as left tackle in six of Michigan's nine games in 1946. At the end of the season, Hilkene was named an Honorable Mention at the tackle position on the Associated Press 1946 All-America Team. Having been unable to assume his position as captain of the 1945 team due to military service, Hilkene received the honor again when the Michigan players voted at the end of the 1946 season to name Hilkene, then a 193-pound tackle, as captain of the 1947 team.
1947 season.
Best team in Michigan history.
The 1947 Michigan football team captained by Hilkene went undefeated in the regular season and went on to defeat USC 49-0 in the 1948 Rose Bowl game. The 1947 team outscored its opponents 394–53 and was selected by the ESPN Big Ten College Football Encyclopedia as the best team in the history of Michigan football. The team had two first-team All-Americans, Bob Chappuis and Bump Elliott, and its performance in the 1948 Rose Bowl still stands as the most points scored, and the largest margin of victory, in Rose Bowl history. The 1947 team is also remembered as the first team fully to embrace the concept of defensive and offensive specialization. Previously, most players had played their positions on both offense and defense. But in 1947, Coach Fritz Crisler established separate offensive and defensive squads. Only Bump Elliott and Jack Weisenberger played on both squads. In November 1947, Time magazine ran a feature article about the 1947 Wolverines (with Bob Chappuis’ photograph on the cover) focused on the new era of specialization marked by Crisler’s decision to field separate offensive and defensive units.”
Offensive line play.
Hilkene played on the offensive unit in Crisler's team of specialists, and seldom played on defense. Hilkene won praise both for his line play and for his leadership on the 1947 squad. He was one of the key blockers for the powerful offense of the 1947 team, and a November 1947 newspaper profile called him the "Michigan Pilot" and "one of the stars of Michigan's famed offensive line is Tackle Bruce Hilkene, a speedy 190-pounder. Bruce played end in 1943–44, winning a letter." An Associated Press cartoonist featured Hilkene in a pre-Rose Bowl cartoon, calling him "the lightest tackle in the Big Nine — and the scrappiest."
Ohio State scout, Esco Sarkkinen, pointed to Hilkene's speed at the tackle position as one of the strengths of the 1947 Michigan team. Sarkkinen noted, "To show the speed of the tackles, Capt. Bruce Hilkene, who operates on the left side, is a converted end."
Team leadership as captain.
Hilkene also played a key leadership role on the 1947 team. After the undefeated regular season concluded, the Long Beach Press-Telegram published a three-column profile of Hilkene under the headline, "Hilkene Unsung Hero of Michigan Eleven." The article noted:"Captain Bruce Hilkene doesn't consider himself a great tackle, nor does he pretend to be a forceful leader, yet he is the mucillage of the 1947 Michigan football team. Twice elected captain of the Wolverines, Hilkene kept the squad together throughout the season. His mild mannerisms off the field belied his inspirational actions which helped guide one of the greatest Michigan teams ..."He regularly called unscheduled team meetings on his own initiative to iron out any problems with the team. Teammate Pete Elliott later recalled a team meeting called by Hilkene after the team had a terrible practice. He said, "Our captain that year, Bruce Hilkene, announced that right after our meal, we were going to have a team meeting and straighten things out. Nobody said a word during the meal. We got to the meeting and everybody had long faces on. Hilkene said that if anyone had a problem, now was the time to let it out in the open." Star receiver Dick Rifenburg, stood up, looked at Hilkene and said with a straight face, "I don't think I'm getting enough publicity." According to Elliott, "Everybody just died laughing."
Fritz Crisler called Hilkene "one of the finest captains that we've ever had since I've been here." In June 1948, Hilkene was one of ten Michigan players selected to play in the annual game between the College All-Stars and the Chicago Cardinals.
Later years.
Hilkene was the 283rd pick in the 1948 NFL Draft, being selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers, but did not play professional football.
As of 1961, Hilkene was working as a labor relations executive with a Detroit automotive firm. Hilkene worked for many years as a General Motors Corp. executive.
His son, Mike Hilkene, played football (at the end position) for the Michigan Wolverines in the late 1960s.
In April 1990, Hilkene died of cancer at his home in La Quinta, California. In 1992, he was posthumously inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor. 
In 1997, his wife, Lee, and son Michael (one of Hilkene's three children) attended a 50-year reunion of the 1947 Michigan team. At the time, his wife noted, "Bruce felt that football taught him so much. In a way, it influenced the rest of his life. And it was the same way for the entire team."

</doc>
<doc id="20681616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681616" title="St. John the Baptist Church, Yaverland">
St. John the Baptist Church, Yaverland

St. John the Baptist Church, Yaverland is a parish church in the Church of England located in Yaverland, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval dating from the twelfth century. 
Parish Status.
The church is within a group which includes:
Organ.
The church has a pipe organ by William Hill dating from 1889. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20681623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681623" title="Glenna Smith Tinnin">
Glenna Smith Tinnin

Glenna Smith Tinnin (February 27, 1877 – March 24, 1945) was the first chairman of the District of Columbia Equal Franchise League. The Equal Franchise League was founded in 1914 as The Woman Suffrage Council. Early in her career Tinnin was an instructor in oratory at various institutes in the upper Midwest. She was a theater director and playwright, and served as chairman of the pageant committee of the American Federation of Arts. She wrote several plays for children (with Katharine S. Brown) including "One Night in Bethlehem: A Play of the Nativity" (1925) and "Arthur Wins the Sword" (1928) In December 1931 Tinnin and Brown staged a production of Paul Kester's Tom Sawyer on Broadway at the Alvin Theatre, which closed after 6 performances.
Biography.
She was born in Illinois on February 27, 1877. In 1897 she graduated from the Columbia School of Oratory in Chicago. By 1905 she was married to David Solomon Tinnin (1878-1918) of North Carolina; in 1910 they were living in Washington, DC. She died on March 24, 1945 in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20681633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681633" title="Sonora River">
Sonora River

Río Sonora ("Sonora River") is a 402-kilometer-long river of Mexico. It lies on the Pacific slope of the Mexican state of Sonora and it runs into the Gulf of California.
Watershed.
The Sonora River watershed covers of public land. Slopes range from steep orientations in the upper part of the watershed to more gradual topographies in the valleys. The Sonora River watershed is subdivided into six smaller watersheds.
Ecology.
Biotic communities found within the watershed in order of importance by the area covered are the Sinaloan thornscrub, the plains of Sonora subdivision, semidesert grasslands, the Madrean evergreen woodland, and the central gulf coast subdivision. Average annual precipitation is which occurs in two seasons, late summer-early fall and winter-early spring.
Physician naturalist Edgar Alexander Mearns' 1907 report of beaver ("Castor canadensis") on the Sonora River may be the southernmost extent of the range of this North American aquatic mammal.

</doc>
<doc id="20681643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681643" title="Rick Sawyer">
Rick Sawyer

Richard Clyde Sawyer is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Sawyer pitched in all or part of four seasons in the majors, from until , for the New York Yankees and San Diego Padres.

</doc>
<doc id="20681650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681650" title="2009 Minnesota Lynx season">
2009 Minnesota Lynx season

The 2009 WNBA season is the 11th season for the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Lynx's 2008 record, they would pick 4th in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Lynx picked Roneeka Hodges.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Lynx's selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20681666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681666" title="The No Jacket Required World Tour">
The No Jacket Required World Tour

The No Jacket Required World Tour was a concert tour by the English singer-songwriter Phil Collins, which took place between February 1985 to July 1985, in support of his 1985 album, "No Jacket Required". The album had been a big international success and the tour concluded with Collins performing "Against All Odds" and Long Long Way To Go at both Live Aid concerts, in London and Philadelphia, on 13 July 1985. For the latter, Sting played guitar and sang backing vocals.
During the tour, the music video for "Take Me Home" was filmed on location in a number of the cities where the tour was staged.
A television special was recorded in Dallas and aired on HBO, entitled "No Jacket Required... Sold Out". The broadcast was released as a VHS in 1985 with extended footage and the title changed to "Phil Collins: No Ticket Required".
Another television special was recorded for Cinemax for a show entitled "Album Flash", taped in London, England at the Royal Albert Hall. it was featured on the "Finally... First Farewell Tour" 2004 DVD filmed in Paris.
Tour dates.
The Live Aid concerts were notable for Collins performing at both the Philadelphia and London shows. Bob Geldof, the organiser of Live Aid, originally asked Collins to be part of Geldof's first charity effort, Band Aid. Collins provided the drums and sang backing vocals for Band Aid's 1984 number one UK hit, Do They Know It's Christmas?.
For Live Aid Collins first performed with Sting at Wembley Stadium. Together they performed "Roxanne", "Driven to Tears", "Against All Odds", "Message in a Bottle", "In the Air Tonight", "Long Long Way To Go", and "Every Breath You Take". After Collins finished performing, he took a Concorde flight to the USA to enable him to perform at the Philadelphia show. On the plane, he met Cher, and convinced her to be part of the event. Robert Plant had asked Collins if he would perform with Jimmy Page and Tony Thompson and he in a Led Zeppelin "reunion" of sorts. At the concert he began by playing drums on "Layla", "White Room" and "She's Waiting" for friend Eric Clapton. Then Collins performed "Against All Odds" and "In the Air Tonight" and finished the night playing drums for Led Zeppelin's aforementioned act.
Tour band.
For the tour, Phil retained his usual cast of musicians, including Chester Thompson, Leland Sklar and Daryl Stuermer. The band was nicknamed the "Hot Tub Club".

</doc>
<doc id="20681678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681678" title="Tentha">
Tentha

Tentha is a village in Thoubal District in Manipur, India. 
About Tentha.
It is one of the large villege in Thobal district. It is surrounded by Wabgai south-west, north by Ikop lake and East by Wangjing and north-east by khangabok.
Geography.
Tentha is located at .
Localities in Tentha.
Name of localities(Leikai) in Tentha are:-
Economy.
Majority of the peoples in this village are practice agriculture. Tentha is famous for the production of fish in Thoubal district.
Connectivity.
There are 3 important inter-village roads which is connected Tentha with other part of the district they are
Politics.
Wangjing Tentha assembly constituency (Assembly Constituency No. 34) is part of Outer Manipur (Lok Sabha constituency).
[https://picasaweb.google.com/boney9mpri/Collections#5919868508015276498|File:Tentha|thumbnail]

</doc>
<doc id="20681688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681688" title="G. Michael Deeb">
G. Michael Deeb

G. Michael Deeb is a Lebanese thoracic surgeon. He serves as a Herbert Sloan Collegiate Professor of Surgery and Director of the Multidisciplinary Aortic Clinic at the University of Michigan. He has published 143 articles in journals and books and lectures both nationally and internationally on topics such as valve implantation and cardiac valve implantation.
Education and Achievements.
Dr. Deeb received his Bachelors from the University of Pittsburgh in 1971 and his Medical Degree from the same University in 1975. He was a surgical intern at the University of Pittsburgh in both general and cardiothoracic surgery between 1975 and 1982. In 1982 he became the Assistant Professor of Surgery at Temple University Hospital and helped to establish the Thoracic Surgery department there. In 1986 he became the Assistant Professor of Surgery at the University of Michigan and became an associate professor in 1991 and a professor in 1996. He was the first to be awarded with the Herbert Sloan Collegiate Professorship. His clinical appointments at the University of Michigan Medical Center include: Director of Heart/Lung Transplant and Artificial Devices Program (1986-1995), Director of Adult Cardiac Surgery (1990-1999), and Co-Director of Heart Care Program (1996-present). 
Surgery on Ronald Winans.
Dr. Deeb was head of the surgery team who operated on Ronald Winans. After a failed surgery he told the assembled Winans family to say its good-byes, but the family asked if they could pray for Winans instead. Pastor Marvin Winans laid his hands on the surgeon's head, prayed and said, "You go back and take my son off the heart-lung machine. He will live." Deeb was shocked but he complied. Winans lived, and Deeb later told said that the experience had brought some spiritualism to his practice. 
Personal life.
G. Michael Deeb was born in Pittsburgh, PA on July 25 1949. He married his wife in 1988 and they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20681721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681721" title="Bookkeeping association">
Bookkeeping association

Bookkeeping associations are founded to provide support and standards for the bookkeeping industry. This is achieved by creating common standards for the industry that bookkeepers can work towards and that allow the users of bookkeepers to know what level of knowledge a bookkeeper they hire has.
The definition of a bookkeeper is broad and wide and open to interpretation. Each country can have its own standards and anyone can call themselves a bookkeeper while not having any qualifications or knowledge of the industry. The method of obtaining a bookkeeping qualification vary. A person can to pay a fee and not have to sit exams, obtain a qualification based on your experience, sit examinations without supervision, or sit examinations fully supervised in an exam hall or in a computer environment training exam centre. In many countries there are competing bookkeeper associations, but their qualifications are achieved in different ways and their knowledge levels can be different.
Bookkeeping associations can provide help on bookkeeping issues, tax issues, legal issues and professional development for their members. They can also lobby on behalf of their members to help promote their interests. They can as a body promote the standards of bookkeeping and market the benefits of using a qualified bookkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20681723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681723" title="Ereby Point">
Ereby Point

Ereby Point () is a point lying east-northeast of Hannah Point along the north side of South Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The name "Erebys Bay" was applied to South Bay on an 1825 chart by James Weddell, "Ereby Point" was applied by the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee in 1961 in order to preserve Weddell's name in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20681734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681734" title="List of Hinckley United F.C. seasons">
List of Hinckley United F.C. seasons

Hinckley United F.C. have played in the Non League Pyramid since the formation of the club in 1997. This is a list of seasons played by the club in English football.
Seasons.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20681735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681735" title="Merluccius">
Merluccius

Merluccius is a genus of merluccid hakes.
Species.
The 16 currently recognized species in this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="20681747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681747" title="2009 Los Angeles Sparks season">
2009 Los Angeles Sparks season

The 2009 Los Angeles Sparks season is the 13th season for the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association. Lisa Leslie announced that the 2009 season would be her last. On June 5, the Sparks and Farmers Insurance Group of Companies announced a multi-year marketing partnership that includes a branded jersey sponsorship. The Farmers Insurance branded jersey will be worn by the players for the first time on June 6. As part of this alliance, the Farmers Insurance name and logo will appear on the front of the Sparks jerseys and will have considerable visibility in the Staples Center during home games. Los Angeles became only the second WNBA team to finalize such an agreement. The Sparks attempted to reach the playoffs and were successful.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Sparks' 2008 record, they would pick 9th in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Sparks waived their pick.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Sparks' selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20681756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681756" title="Mike Sturla">
Mike Sturla

P. Michael Sturla is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He has represented the 96th District in Lancaster County including a large section of the city of Lancaster, Pennsylvania since 1991. Sturla is currently serving as House Democratic Policy Committee Chairman.
Biography.
Sturla graduated from the University of Kansas in 1979 with a degree in environmental design. After college, he founded a painting and construction firm with his brother and later founded Aarchitrave, an architecture firm.
He was elected to the City Council of Lancaster in 1987 and served on the Council until his election to the House.
In August 2011, Sturla stirred controversy with written remarks he made about proposed drilling in the Marcellus Shale regions of Pennsylvania. He wrote that increased drilling would lead to the "spread of sexually transmitted disease amongst the womenfolk." Sturla apologized for his "insensitive" remarks, but defended himself by saying that his comments were based on a report to the Marcellus Shale Advisory Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20681784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681784" title="Julia's House">
Julia's House

Julia's House is a children's hospice located in Corfe Mullen, Dorset, England. It is the first and only hospice in Dorset for children with life-limiting conditions. The majority of the children who are cared for by Julia's House are unlikely to live beyond the age of 18. The hospice costs £1.9 million to be maintained. Only 3% of this cost is provided by the government.
History.
Julia's House is named after Julia Perks, a paediatric nurse who died from cancer in 1997. Julia highlighted the need for facilities and services for children with life-limiting and life-threatening illnesses in the Dorset area. She particularly wanted to raise awareness of the need for more respite for the families of these children. Julia's House was founded by Michael Wise, who was the local councillor of Julia Perks. Wise helped the hospice raised £15,000 in 2008.
The charity began in 2003, when Julia's House appointed two children's community nurses, who started working in home care for terminally ill children. Julia's House began with its main effort on providing care in the families' own homes.
Before being converted into a hospice, Julia's House was once a family home. In March 2006, it became a hospice that is an area for children to play and relax during the day. It also provides overnight service for 3 children and home care for 50 children. The chief executive of the hospice is Martin Edwards.
Shirt controversy.
In July 2008, Julia's House replaced Park Engineering as the logo on Weymouth F.C.'s shirts. This deal was made to raise the profile of both the charity and the football club. It was a free sponsorship deal. However, a number of people became concerned that Julia's House was paying Weymouth F.C. for the shirt deal so that the charity could have more publicity. When the charity began losing fundraising money due to this controversy, it denied these beliefs, and Mike Bartlett, the development director at Julia's House, issued the following statement:

</doc>
<doc id="20681795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681795" title="2009 Phoenix Mercury season">
2009 Phoenix Mercury season

The 2009 WNBA season is the 13th season for the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association. The Mercury won the WNBA Finals for the second time in franchise history. On June 6, the Mercury and LifeLock entered a multi-year marketing partnership to launch the first-ever branded jersey in WNBA or NBA history. A press conference was held at the NBA Store in New York City with Phoenix Mercury President and COO Jay Parry and LifeLock CEO Todd Davis to make the announcement.
The partnership ran through 2011, and the LifeLock name was on the front of Phoenix Mercury’s player jerseys and on warm-up suits. The Mercury and LifeLock are the first to finalize such an agreement following the WNBA’s decision this off-season to make this unique opportunity available for its teams and sponsors. As part of the partnership, LifeLock offered a one-year complimentary membership to season ticket holders of all WNBA teams.
Offseason.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Mercury's 2008 record, they would pick 5th in the Houston Comets dispersal draft. The Mercury picked Sequoia Holmes.
WNBA Draft.
The following are the Mercury's selections in the 2009 WNBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20681802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681802" title="Down south">
Down south

Down South can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20681819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681819" title="Ray Rippelmeyer">
Ray Rippelmeyer

Raymond Roy Rippelmeyer (born July 9, 1933 in Valmeyer, Illinois) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Washington Senators in 1962. After his playing days, he began a baseball coaching career which included managing the Aberdeen Pheasants in 1965.
In Major League Baseball, Rippelmeyer spent nine seasons (1970–78) as the pitching coach of the Philadelphia Phillies, working under managers Frank Lucchesi, Paul Owens and Danny Ozark. Rippelmeyer coached for three National League East Division champions (1976–78). He later was a major league pitching instructor in the Phillie farm system.

</doc>
<doc id="20681830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681830" title="Stitch (Lilo &amp; Stitch)">
Stitch (Lilo &amp; Stitch)

Stitch (also known as Experiment 626) is a fictional character in the "Lilo & Stitch" film series and . Originally created to cause chaos across the galaxy, he is marked by his mischievous behavior, traits that endear him to his friend Lilo (who adopted him as her puppy dog). He is voiced by his creator and the film's co-director, Chris Sanders.
Appearance.
Stitch is a blue, koala-like, alien genetic creation standing around 3 feet tall. He is referred to as a dog throughout much of the franchise, and was thought in the beginning by Lilo to be a collie hit by a car, and Nani thought it was a koala of a sort before they found out he was a genetic experiment. He has a limited ability to change his physical appearance, as he can retract a second set of arms, his claws, his antennae and the three spikes on his back into his body.
History.
As revealed in "Lilo & Stitch", Stitch was created by "evil genius" Dr. Jumba Jookiba, who called him "Experiment 626". Both Jumba and Stitch were captured and put on trial by the United Galactic federation.
626 is then sentenced by the Grand Councilwoman to life imprisonment on a desert asteroid and Captain Gantu (who despises him) escorts him. Stitch escapes and crash-lands in Kaua'i, Hawaii. Disguising himself as a dog to hide from his captors, 626 was adopted by a little girl named Lilo, who names him "Stitch".
Stitch is trained by Lilo to be good, using Elvis Presley as a model for his behavior. Lilo's efforts prove to be fruitless at first, as Stitch is unable to suppress his destructive programming. Nevertheless, Lilo enjoys having Stitch as her new "puppy". Although at first he only wanted to use her as a human shield from Jumba and Agent Pleakley, whose mission was to capture him, Stitch slowly develops feelings for Lilo, to the point where he saves her from Gantu. After his heroics, the Grand Councilwoman allows Stitch to serve his exile on Earth with Lilo as his warder, citing her dog adoption certificate (subsequently, Lilo seems to have become not only a best friend but also a sister figure to Stitch).
In "" (set shortly after the first movie), Stitch is living well and is reasonably well-behaved (although still hot-tempered and mischievous) with the exiled Jumba and Pleakley in Lilo's (and her older sister Nani's) house, until he begins malfunctioning. Since he was not fully charged after his creation, Stitch experiences periodic glitches that have him reverting to his original destructive programming, appearing to suffer from a "fit" or "seizure". Seeing this, Jumba strives to create a proper charging chamber for Stitch. Not wanting to hurt anyone and not knowing about Jumba's plan, Stitch attempts to leave Earth for a remote planet, while Lilo, Jumba, and the others desperately try to have him return so they can recharge him. Although they are too late when they place him in the recharging pod, Stitch seems to be revived by Lilo's love, in accordance with her belief that love is more powerful than death.
In "Stitch! The Movie", 626 discovers the remaining 625 genetic experiments locked in a crate, in the form of dehydrated pods. In order to rescue a kidnapped Jumba a trade between Dr. Jacques von Hämsterviel and Jumba for the experiments is organized, but it instead results in the freedom of the experiments and the capture of Lilo and Stitch. Hämsterviel then tries to clone Stitch but he was rescued by Experiment 221 ("Sparky"). Stitch then rescued Lilo and landed Hämsterviel's spacecraft back in Kaua'i, where the Grand Councilwoman waited to arrest Hämsterviel.
In "", Stitch and Lilo have to capture Jumba's other experiments, turn them from evil to good, and find them a home. Along the way, he meets his match: Experiment 627 who is tougher than him, but whom Stitch eventually defeats with greater intelligence. He also is affected by 15 experiment powers: Amnesio wipes out his memory, Spike makes him goofy, Babyfier turns him into a baby, Spooky turns into water and nearly drowns him, Lax makes him lazy, Dupe duplicates him into four, (weakening his strength, Frenchfry serves him un-nutritious meals (along with Lilo and Pleakley) and fattens him up into a giant bowling ball, Yarrp sounds out his loud megaphone, (deafening him), Snooty sucks out his Mucus (effectively dehydrating him), Swirly hypnotizes him, Drowsy (in the episode PJ) puts him to sleep, Houdini makes him invisible, Swapper switches him into Lilo`s and Pleakley`s bodies, Bugby turns him into a bug and Slushy freezes him. However, the powers wear off. He also meets Angel (Experiment 624) who is introduced as a love interest for Stitch.(evil at first, she becomes good out of love for Stitch).
After they have successfully captured all the remaining experiments in "Leroy & Stitch", The Grand Councilwoman offered Stitch the chance to become the captain of the Galactic Armada and its new flagship, The BRB (Big Red Battleship) 9000. However, that would require Stitch to be separated from Lilo. Not wanting to make Lilo sad, he chooses to return to Kaua'i but Lilo tells him he should go. Before he leaves with Jumba and Pleakley, Lilo gives him a necklace with a tiki of the god Ku Tiki to give him strength. When Gantu breaks out Dr. Hämsterviel in an action of frustration, Stitch is sent on his first mission to capture the evil rodent once more. But when he arrives at Galactic Defense Industries, Stitch faces off against a new experiment — Leroy, who is an enhanced clone of Stitch. Stitch fights well and is about to beat Leroy when Pleakley shows up unexpectedly, allowing Leroy to take advantage of Stitch's lapse in concentration and beat him. He is placed in a cage and sent with Jumba and Pleakley heading towards a black hole. After they are sent towards the black hole, Leroy heads off towards earth to capture all of the other experiments for Hamsterviel. Later, Stitch, Jumba, and Pleakley escape from the black hole, and arrive on the planet Turo. There they rescue Lilo, 625 (now known as Reuben), and Gantu, and fly Pleakley's car pool van back to Earth to assist the other 624 experiments in the defeat of an army of Leroys. Now, with Leroy defeated, Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley return to Earth with Lilo, realizing family is more important than spaceships, laboratories, and prestige.
In the anime series named Stitch! "(recently confirmed non-canon to original movies and series by Chris Sanders)", this version seems to have reverted Stitch back to his destructive nature, and is first seen in the first episode being chased in a spaceship by Jumba and the authorities.
The original version (aired in Japan) contradicts and leaves many plot holes to what had occurred in the original movies, one that is most mentioned is the separation of Lilo and Stitch. For unknown reasons, they decided to get rid of Lilo from the show and replace her with their own character named Yuna. They wanted to leave her absence open to the viewers' imagination. However, in the heavily edited English adaption of the anime, it is implied that Stitch is doing this because of emotional trauma, as Jumba tells him, "Just because little girl Lilo, has new boyfriend now and is all washed up with 626 (Stitch) is no reason to act bad," suggesting that the now grown up Lilo has deserted him for a new boyfriend. Despite this, when confronted by Yuna (a Japanese little girl who is the series' equivalent/replacement to Lilo) about his family not caring and forgetting about him, offended he quickly states "Lilo didn't forget!" which implies he still deeply cares about her, and believes Lilo cares about him as well. However, Lilo does not appear in any way in the anime, except for Episode 23 of Zutto Saiko no Tomodachi (Season 3), where Lilo, now a fully grown adult with a daughter who looks incredibly like her when she was a child, visits Okinawa in cahoots to reunite with Stitch, where we learn that she still truly loves and cares about him. We also learn the reason why Stitch left her was because she had left for college and she did not visit him on the beach the day she promised him, causing him to believe she had betrayed him. Lilo then explaines to Stitch that the reason why she did not visit him on the day she promised was because Nani became pregnant and she was very busy looking after Nani, by the time she rushed back to visit him he had already left; she discovers this by finding his tiki necklace on the beach, causing her to burst into tears. At the end of the episode just before she boards the plane with her daughter, she and Stitch have a happy reunion, she hugs him soundly, gives him back the tiki necklace which she had kept with her since he left and promises to visit him again soon.
Despite having the characters from Lilo & Stitch in the anime, and the English Dub attempting to connect its story to the original franchise, Disney doesn't consider it canon to the original film and series. Due to complaints about its changes, and contradictions towards the original film; It was cancelled 4 days after being aired in Disney XD in the US.
Personality.
Throughout the course of the entire "Lilo and Stitch" franchise, Stitch is depicted as a character that is unlikable to many people except Lilo (on rare occasions, even she falls out with him, most notably in "Lilo and Stitch 2", where she strongly considers him to be bad, unaware that the glitches he was possessed by at the time were reverting him back to his original destructive behavior) due to his destructive and temperamental behavior. It is interesting to note that people who are averse to Stitch, such as Mertle or Hamsterviel, describe him as "ugly and deformed", while people with an affection (like Lilo, Jumba, and Nani) for him describe him as "cute and fluffy". This reflects the basic idea behind Stitch and also his cousins: they do not correspond to many established criteria of good physical appearance in that they have an extra pair of arms or misshapen heads.
When Stitch is in his "evil" form, he is undeniably worrying as his somewhat botched physique underlines his at the time twisted behavior; in "good" form however (the form that the audience most often sees), Stitch's display of emotion at being rejected due to his behavior and looks while trying to act good for Lilo is meant to make him seem more adorable to the audience. Despite his surface destructiveness, which does not go away even after he has become "good", Stitch is a complex character: according to his creator Jumba, Stitch as a destructive machine was not given a higher purpose in life. Since Stitch is trapped on an island where there are relatively few things to destroy, he has many occasions to reflect on other occupations than evil. It is implied that Stitch destroys only because that is what he is programmed to do; but since he has a personality of his own (a fact that only Lilo truly understands), he also has the choice, even will, not to do so.
Despite having superhuman strength and a high level of computer-intelligence, Stitch is emotionally fragile and has a childlike personality beneath his "monster" appearance. Lilo believes that one reason why he originally pursued his destructiveness was for similar reasons to her own naughtiness, that it was because he was emotionally scarred (for having been made as a monster by Jumba) but received little understanding or sympathy from others. Stitch becomes much more well-meaning after his betterment, but is frequently unable to control all of his impulses to antisocial actions. Fortunately for him, Lilo (and later Reuben and Angel) is always there to support him, and he returns her support willingly.
There is a common misconception from viewers that Lilo is dependent on Stitch for protection and support; if anything, it is Stitch who is more dependent on Lilo, although as the story progresses he becomes more self-conscious and capable of the right decisions thanks to his friend's efforts to help him in life, despite her having her own troubles to contend with. At the end of the series, Stitch has friends, family, love life and a purpose worth believing in.
Abilities and weaknesses.
While explaining his creation to the Galactic Council early on in "Lilo & Stitch", Dr. Jumba gives the following rundown of Stitch's powers: ""He is bulletproof, fireproof, and can think faster than super computer. He can see in the dark and can move objects 3,000 times his size. His only instinct — to destroy everything he touches!"" In the original Lilo & Stitch film, Jumba claimed that Stitch's "destructive tendency was taking effect and that he would be irresistibly drawn to large cities to ""back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everyone's left shoe."" This is shown in Lilo & Stitch: The Series episode 10, where Lilo and Stitch are watching Keoni skateboard, then Stitch looks in Keoni's rucksac and eats Keoni's shoe, Keoni replies by saying ""Hey, my shoes"!" in which Lilo says, ""He only eats the left ones"!"
While Stitch is never seen shot by a bullet, he can endure being shot by plasma projectiles. He can even catch them in his hands before throwing it back to the shooter, as shown in the original film and Stitch! The Movie. Stitch was shown to be hit by one in the episode "Finder" when Hamsterviel, armed with a self-made plasma cannon, shot him with it, which only made Stitch unconscious (it is assumed that plasma projectiles are deadly to humans as Lilo occasionally is almost shot by one in the franchise). As he dodges all other plasma projectiles, Jumba did claim that Stitch being hit by one would stun him long enough to be defeated by a foe. He did survive the crash of his spaceship with only a scratch, is only briefly stunned by a fall of several thousand feet, and has to be run over by three tractor-trailers in succession to be knocked out. As for fireproof, in the original film he does drive a tanker truck full of gasoline into a volcano and in the ensuing explosion he is propelled into the air, a move he uses to strike at Gantu's spaceship to thwart his capture of Lilo.
Thinking faster than a super computer is harder to quantify, but he does escape from captivity fairly ingeniously, builds a model of San Francisco after only glancing at Earth vs. the Spider; grabs a crossword puzzle from the table and finishes it in about 8 seconds; is often seen solving complex mathematic equations; builds a bomb out of a plasma bolt, a doll and a roller skate; builds a "bucking bronco" out of a toaster, a vacuum cleaner, and a lamp, a DNA double helix from only coconuts, hollow sticks and a turntable; is able to understand he can use a human as a shield from Jumba, by Pleakly's presence; and generally picks up quickly on what is happening around him. He is also fluent in playing the ukulele and driving any sort of vehicle, which can be as simple as riding a tricycle or as complex as piloting inter-galactic spaceships.
His ability to lift objects 3,000 times his own size and weight is seen several times throughout the franchise, including incidents where he picks up a descending blast door, hits Dr. Jumba with a thrown Volkswagen Beetle (shouting gleefully, ""blue punch buggy! No punch back!"") and stops an oil tanker. This ability is sometimes joked about in the later series; for example, in "Stitch! The Movie", Hämsterviel, while physically restraining Stitch for a cloning experiment, counters Stitch's strength with restraint devices, that are equal in strength themselves, as Hämsterviel loudly declares, to 3,001 times Stitch's own weight. Another such example of the limitation of such strength was during "Lilo and Stitch: The Series", where Stitch showed his strength off on a television show by holding up two bulldozers on a platform only to have it come crashing down on him when Gantu lets loose a piece of paper which attaches itself to one of the bulldozer, stating he can hold up three thousand times his weight, but not an ounce more.
Pads on Stitch's hands and feet can secrete a sticky substance allowing him to adhere to almost any surface and scale buildings and walls. His skeletal system is very flexible, allowing him to put his feet into his mouth and become a rolling ball and also to allow him to squeeze through tight spaces. Stitch's legs are small, but powerful enough to enable him to jump several feet into the air. His eyes can pick up various forms of light and he can filter out one or the other if necessary. Stitch can see in normal vision (during this mode, his eyes appear black in color), night vision (which is green), infrared (red) and X-ray (bright green). Furthermore, he also can magnify his vision. He also can act as an audio amplifier, radio and/or microphone, illustrated when he uses a finger as the needle on a record player, and the music comes out of his open mouth. He has an acute sense of smell and hearing and is also dexterously skilled in hand-to-hand combat, using all four arms or just two.
Stitch can also be noted for his immortality. Although the "Lilo & Stitch" franchise is set in the current year, he is shown to have no signs of aging as seen in the episode "Skip" for 10–20 years, much to his chagrin (although suggested by an aged Lilo to grow a goatee to make him look older).
Stitch is proven to be ticklish in Lilo and Stitch: The Series.In Shortstuff stitch is tickled by a ray used to make him bigger.
Stitch's greatest weakness is his inability to float or swim due to his dense molecular structure, which causes him to sink in water. Another weakness is the fact that his super-sensitive hearing can lead to temporary deafness when exposed to sonic blasts. Stitch originally had an instinctive aquaphobia, but was able to overcome it because of Lilo. In episode 6 of Lilo & Stitch The Series, experiment 300 was activated, which Lilo nicknamed Spooky, it has the ability to transform into people's worst fear, for Stitch it transformed into water, until Lilo showed Stitch her coping mechanism for when she gets scared, which is how Stitch was able to save her later in the episode. Lilo's coping mechanism is singing the chorus of 'Aloha 'oe.' Another of Stitch's weaknesses, as mentioned earlier, is that he cannot lift things over 3000 times his size and weight.
Other appearances.
Stitch makes a cameo amongst the crowd of Disney characters coming in to watch the film "The Lion King 1½".
There is a Stitch doll off to the left corner on the lowest shelf in young Jim Hawkins room in Disney's other intergalactic film "Treasure Planet".
Kingdom Hearts series.
Stitch appears as a summon in the video game, "Kingdom Hearts II", making a minor influence at Hollow Bastion. He also appears along with his homeworld, Deep Space, as a fighting partner to Ven and Aqua in the prequel "Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep". The world is set in space and revolves around on his escape from Gantu's custody, before arriving in Radiant Garden.
Disney Stitch Jam.
Stitch is the title character of the Nintendo DS game, Disney Stitch Jam.
Merchandise.
Stitch is the subject of many Disney merchandise items, particularity those at Disneyland Parks. Some of this merchandise is also sold through the Disney store though product ranges vary from country to country.
Kingdom Keepers.
Playing only a small role in the beginning of book 3, this gigantic blue alien confused as a dog, as Finn described it chases Finn followed by some of the earlier pirates. Thought to have come out of Stitch's Great Escape, he apprehends Finn and Maybeck. In "Power Play" the keepers suspect that Stich might have been put under a spell and may not actually be an Overtaker. In Shell Game Stitch saves Finn at Typhoon Lagoon from CPR Dummies.
External links.
1. About Stitch. Internet Movie Database. Retrieved on 2008-Dec-22.
2. Stitch. Disney. www.disney.com.sg 2013-Mar-5.
"The result of an illegal genetic experiment by mad scientist Jumba, Stitch appears harmless. But he's the ultimate fighting machine – strong, smart, mischievous and destructive. All he wants is a family."

</doc>
<doc id="20681844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681844" title="Mustafa Kamal">
Mustafa Kamal

Mustafa Kamal (), is a name composed of the separate names Mustafa and Kamal. Many spelling variations are possible, as shown below. It may refer to:
Mustafa Kamel.
A distinct but related name Mustafa Kamel (), can be formed from the separate names Mustafa and Kamel. Bearers of this name include

</doc>
<doc id="20681851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681851" title="Chris Beasley">
Chris Beasley

Chris Beasley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20681866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681866" title="Michal Fikrt">
Michal Fikrt

Michal Fikrt (born April 6, 1982 in Most, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He plays goaltender for TH Unia Oświęcim in the Polska Liga Hokejowa.
Clubs.
Fikrt started out playing regularly for the juniors of HC Litvínov, later appearing regularly for HC Slovan Ústí nad Labem and SK Kadaň in the Czech First League (second division in the country). He had regular top-level experience in the Slovak Extraliga with HK Dynamax Nitra (now HK Ardo Nitra). Fikrt also made a few games for other clubs, usually as the cover.
Country.
He, along with teammate Martin Barek, were the goalies for the Czech Republic junior team in a 2000 5-nations tournament against their Swedish, Slovakian, Russian and Finnish counterparts. In this tournament Fikrt was voted goalie of the tournament, and the Czech team finished third, conceding 13 goals.
Fikrt also was with the junior team for 2002 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, when Czech team was in third position.

</doc>
<doc id="20681902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681902" title="History of the Jews in Haiti">
History of the Jews in Haiti

The history of the Jews in Haiti is a rather long and complex one, as it stretches from the very beginning of the European settlement on the new island, to the beginning of the Haitian Revolution when the Polish Legions "(some of whom were Jews)" were sent to Saint-Domingue by Napoleon to vanquish the slave rebellion, to the time of the Holocaust.
As of 2013, the Jewish population is around 25 predominately in Port-au-Prince.
History.
The first Jewish settlement.
In 1492, the first Jew to ever set foot in Haiti was Luis de Torres, an interpreter for Christopher Columbus. After Haiti was taken over and colonized by the French in 1633, many Dutch Jews (whom many were Marrano) emigrated from Brazil in 1634 and became employees of the French sugar plantations and further developed the trade. In 1683, the Jews were expelled from Haiti and all of the other French colonies, but a few Jews remained in French trading companies as leading officials. However, in the mid-1700's, many Jews returned to Haiti and were later murdered or expelled during the slave revolt led by Toussaint Louverture in 1804, as many Jews also arrived from civil strife in Poland (with the invading Russia, Prussia and Austria), along with the Polish Legions sent to Haiti by Napoleon to control the rebellion, whom later turned on him to help the slaves gain independence.
Due to a lack of Sunday school and Jewish community centers, many youth did not grow up with a Jewish education and had to hide their Judaism because only Catholics were permitted to attend public school. Many Jews preferred to settle on the coastline, in port cities as many Jews were involved in commerce and trade establishing communities in major industry centers. Recently, archaeologists have uncovered an ancient synagogue of Crypto-Jews in the city of Jérémie, the only one found on the island. Several Jewish tombstones have also been found in port cities such as Cap-Haïtien and Jacmel. Approximately 30 Jewish families by the end of the 19th century have arrived from Lebanon, Syria, and Egypt. A law in France was passed during this period that gave French citizenship to minorities in the Americas; thus many Jews from the Middle East felt secure emigrating to Haiti. These Jews in particular, brought with them their many Sephardic customs and traditions. In 1915, Haiti was occupied by the United States and roughly 200 Jews lived in Haiti at the time. During the 20 years period of the United States' occupation, many Jews left Haiti for the United States and South America.
Modern Times.
In 1937, Haiti was responsible for saving about 70 Jewish families (an estimated total of up to 300 lives) during the Holocaust (according to the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee), by issuing passports and visas to Jews escaping Nazi persecution. Some were Austrian Jews, Polish Jews, German Jews, and a trickle of Romanian Jew and Czech Jewish descent. While these numbers are not as high as the number of Jewish families that Oskar Schindler helped save, a life is a life as Haiti played a small, yet critical role in saving Jewish lives during the darkest chapter in the Jewish story Unfortunately, though, it seems that more Jews were unable to acquire visas to Haiti due to the cost. Professor David Bankier, of the Institute of Contemporary Jewry at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, said that after 1938, "“the cost a visa was outrageous: If you wanted to go to Haiti, you had to pay $5,000.”" Haiti at the time, was still unfairly paying reparations on an exorbitant debt with interest fees to France after the Haitian Revolution that could have hindered their efforts to continue issuing these visas for free. There were others apart from this bunch who never came to Haiti at all, but from Germany they were given Haitian passports by the Haitian government that allowed them to flee Germany and into other countries. Grateful to the Haitian government, many of these European Jews stayed in Haiti until the late 1950's in which many Haitian Jews left, so that their children could marry other Jews and not assimilate, while finding better economic opportunities. The mid-20st century was a time were a continued departure of Jews from Haiti for the United States and Panama because of the economic conditions and civil violence in the country.
Judaism.
Today, the Jewish community is led by Gilbert Bigio, a retired billionaire Haitian businessman of Syrian descent. Every Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur service is held at his residence. The last Jewish wedding held in Haiti occurred 10 years ago by his daughter, while the last bris was done for his son, more than 30 years ago. The only Torah in all of Haiti is owned by Bigio, which he provides to the community for services.
Business.
The 1960's was a time of wealth and high hopes of large future development for Haiti. At the time met many family Jewish names such as: Alvarez, Cardozo, Cohen, Dreyfus, Goldman, Hakim, Hillel, Khan, Monsanto, Pereira, Salzmann, Silveira, and Weiner, which most had forgotten their ethno-religious backgrounds. Today, less than a hundred Jews remain in Haiti on its 9.5 million inhabitants; however, the Weiners (coffee exporters) and the Salzmanns (refugees from Austria) are still today relevant in trade.
2010 Earthquake.
In the wake of the devastating earthquake that destroyed much of Haiti's capital, Port-au-Prince, killing more than 300,000 people and leaving nearly a million more homeless and without food, water or shelter, Israel was one of the first countries to send crews to assist in the devastated land. The Israel Defense Forces sent both search and rescue teams that sought remaining survivors, among crumbled buildings and homes as well sending medical teams to help care for the survivors. The medical team succeeded in setting up the first fully functioning field hospital, inclusive of an excess amount of advanced equipment. ""During its time in Haiti, the delegation treated more than 1110 patients, conducted 319 successful surgeries, delivered 16 births including three by Cesarean sections and saved many from within the ruins."" On January 27, following the rescue team operations in Haiti, the Israeli government decided to continue its official assistance to Haiti coordinated through MASHAV, Israel's Agency for International Development Cooperation, and Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in part of a global effort to reconstruct the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20681904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681904" title="St. Mary's Church, Brighstone">
St. Mary's Church, Brighstone

St. Mary's Church, Brighstone, is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brighstone, Isle of Wight. The churchyard contains a memorial stone to George Albert Cairns VC.
History.
The church is medieval dating from the twelfth century.
The short tower contains a ring of 6 bells all cast by Whitechapel Bell Foundry in 1961. The largest weighs 7cwt.
The spire was added in the 17th century.
Today.
The church holds an annual Christmas tree festival (the Brighstone Christmas Tree Festival) in conjunction with the one at Mottistone that has become a popular tourist attraction.
This event occurs in four locations: 
Several hundred entries are created by individuals, groups and businesses, making it one of the biggest festivals of its type.
Parish status.
The church is grouped with:
List of incumbents.
Three former Rectors have become Bishops: 
Organ.
The church does not have a pipe organ but instead has an electric one at the west end of the nave. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20681920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681920" title="History of the Jews in Honduras">
History of the Jews in Honduras

Jews have lived in Honduras since the times of the Inquisition. Today, some 40-50 Jewish families live in the country. The community is concentrated primarily in San Pedro Sula and Tegucigalpa. Other families are found in the port city of La Ceiba.
History.
There have been Jews in Honduras since Hernando Cortes conquered the Aztecs, accompanied by several Conversos. Later, Jews arrived there to escape the Inquisition.
Due to the power of the Catholic Church in Honduras, few Jews migrated there during the Spanish Colonial Period. In the 1920s, a few German Jews settled in Honduras as a result of invitations from the government. Beginning in the 1940s some Ashkenazic Jews fleeing World War II came to Honduras thanks to the influence of local Jewry.
Present day.
On 3 August 1997, the community in San Pedro Sula dedicated the Maguen David Synagogue to serve as a community centre for future generations.
With the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis, the local Jewish community became embroiled in the controversy. Rumors swirled throughout the Honduran media of Jewish and Israeli involvement in the coup d'état. A commentator on Radio Globo, David Romero, suggested on the air that perhaps it would have been better if the Jews had been exterminated in the Holocaust. His comments drew ire from ousted Honduran president Manuel Zelaya, the US Embassy in Tegucigalpa and the Anti-Defamation League.
In recent years, some Honduran Jews have made aliyah to Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20681929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681929" title="The Wild Bull of the Pampas">
The Wild Bull of the Pampas

This nickname has been given to:

</doc>
<doc id="20681953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681953" title="Matthias Dolderer">
Matthias Dolderer

Matthias Dolderer (born September 15, 1970 in Ochsenhausen, Baden Württemberg) is a German professional race pilot, who competes as a rookie pilot in the Red Bull Air Race World Championship.
Flying career.
Beginnings.
Dolderer, who once colourfully compared the precision-flying of the Red Bull Air Race to trying to park a car in a garage while travelling at nearly 400 kilometres per hour, first went flying with his father when he was three years old. He was raised at his parent’s flight school and at the early age of five became hooked on machines and fast cars making his first solo flight at 14. His life has revolved around aviation ever since. “Flying was my passion from the very first moment and my inspiration. I’ve spent my whole life in hangars, on airfields and in cockpits,” says Dolderer.
He gained a glider and ultralight license at the age of 17 and the following year obtained his private pilot’s license. Just a few days later he finished 3rd in the German Championships. From 1988 until 1991, Matthias Dolderer took part in four German and two European Championships, and the World Championships as a member of the national ultralight team. He ended his ultralight aviator career as the German Champion. 
At 21 he became the youngest flight teacher in Germany. He and his sister Verena took over Tannheim Airfield to continue their family’s vision: ‘To establish a meeting place for aviators, enthusiasts, amateurs as well as professionals.’ The legendary Tannkosh event, Europe’s biggest Fly-In, became a reality in 1993.
Dolderer has spent almost 300 days of his life in the cockpit in more than 150 different aircraft types, with 25,000 landings all over the world and has performed in many air shows across Europe since 1993. In 2002 he became an official pilot of the Flying Bulls, Austria, where he still performs with different aircraft.
Competition aerobatics.
In 2006, Matthias Dolderer intensified his aerobatic activities to become a Red Bull Air Race pilot in the near future. Just one year later, he took part at the World Aerobatic Championship, category "Unlimited". In 2008, Dolderer made his breakthrough after hard training. He won the German Aerobatic Championship and achieved also top standings at international competitions such as the World Aerobatics Cup.
Red Bull Air Race pilot.
Matthias Dolderer's achievements opened him the way for an invitation to attend the Red Bull Air Race qualification camp in Casarrubios, Spain, at the end of September 2008. Of the six candidates, five qualified for the "super license" required to compete in the world championship. Matthias Dolderer was one of four rookies selected for active race status.
Achievements.
2009
Legend: * CAN: Cancelled * DNP: Did not take part * DNS: Did not start * DSQ: Disqualified 
2008
2007
2006
1991
1990
1988
1988 till 1991

</doc>
<doc id="20681955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681955" title="Rose Trellis Faberge Egg">
Rose Trellis Faberge Egg

The Rose Trellis Faberge Egg is a jewelled enameled imperial Easter egg made in St. Petersburg, Russia under the supervision of the jeweler Peter Carl Fabergé in 1907, for Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. It was presented by Tsar Nicholas II to his wife, the Empress Alexandra Fyodorovna, on Easter (April 22) 1907. It is now in the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore, Maryland. 
Craftsmanship.
The egg was created by Faberge's workmaster, Henrik Wigström (Russian, 1862-1923) and is crafted of gold, green and pink enamel in various shades, portrait diamonds, rose-cut diamonds and satin lining. This egg is enamelled in translucent pale green and latticed with rose-cut diamonds and decorated with opaque light and dark pink enamel roses and emerald green leaves. A portrait diamond is set at either end of this egg, the one at the base covering the date "1907". Unfortunately the monogram has now disappeared. The egg contained as a surprise a diamond necklace and an ivory miniature portrait of the tsarevich framed in diamonds which is now lost. Only an impression on the satin lining now remains. The egg is approximately 7.7 cm in height.
Ownership.
Tsar Nicholas II purchased the egg as a gift to his wife, Tsarina Alexandra Fedorovna. The April 21, 1907 invoice indicated the egg cost 8,300 rubles. In 1920, the egg was in the possession of Alexandre Polovtsov who was a former employee at Gatchina Palace and later started an antique shop in Paris. It is not known how Mr. Polovtsov acquired the Egg. In 1930, the egg was sold along with the 1901 Gatchina Palace Egg to Henry Walters and became a part of the Walters Art Museum Collection in 1931. In 1936, the egg was exhibited along with the Gatchina Palace egg at the Walters Art Museum, Baltimore, Maryland and has been on permanent exhibition since 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20681958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681958" title="Canada–Sweden relations">
Canada–Sweden relations

Canada–Sweden relations refer to Interstate relations between Canada and the Kingdom of Sweden. As founding members of the Arctic Council, their relations are close, positive and constructive. Both countries have strong commitments to peacekeeping, UN reform, development assistance, environmental protection, sustainable development, and the promotion and protection of human rights. In additional, there are more than 300,000 Canadians of Swedish descent. Canada has an embassy in Stockholm and two consulates in Göteborg and Malmö. Sweden has an embassy in Ottawa and ten consulates in Calgary, Edmonton, Fredericton, Halifax, Montreal, Quebec City, Regina, Toronto, Vancouver and Winnipeg.
History.
Sweden became the first European country to join the Canadian-initiated International Model Forest Network in 2004. Sweden's active membership concerning two Model Forests located in Sweden has expanded ties between the Aboriginal peoples of Canada and the Sámi of Sweden.
The volume of trade between Canada and Sweden is small but growing. Canada's exports to Sweden (mainly ores, machinery and electrical machinery) totalled $544.7 million in 2007, while Canadian imports from Sweden totalled $2.1 billion in the same period. Key imports included machinery, pharmaceutical products, vehicles and professional hockey players.
In 2007, Canadian direct investment in Sweden approached $1.3 billion, while Swedish foreign direct investment (FDI) in Canada reached $8.5 billion. Sweden spends approximately 4% of its GDP on research and development, the highest level in the OECD, with research split between university-based and corporate research. Research in the corporate sector is mainly in transportation, telecommunications and pharmaceuticals; and is dominated by Ericsson. Opportunities for Canada-Sweden partnership in research include the areas of forestry; advanced materials; genomics and pharmaceuticals; information technology; and polar, environmental and atmospheric studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20681996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20681996" title="Phlaocyonini">
Phlaocyonini

Phlaocyonini † is a hypocarnivorous clade or tribe of Borophaginae. This is an extinct group of canids that were endemic to North America and which lived during the Oligocene epoch (Whitneyan stage) to the Miocene (Early Barstovian) living ~33.3–5.3 Ma, existing for approximately . 
The clade includes "Cynarctoides" and "Phlaocyon". These two genus members represent differing approaches of hypocarnivory. The "Cynarctoides" trend toward having molar teeth with crowns formed of crescent-shaped cusps and remain small in size. "Phlaocyon" specialize toward rounded cusps on the molar teeth but of increasing size, with an unusual trend toward being hypercarnivores by two terminal species in the clade. 
Four transitional species of "Cormocyon" and "Desmocyon" occupy intermediate positions between the "Phlaocyonini" and "Cynarctina". These represent a gradual size increase toward medium-size individuals.
Fossil distribution.
A few of many sites:

</doc>
<doc id="20682004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682004" title="Jay Loviglio">
Jay Loviglio

John Paul Loviglio (born May 30, 1956 in Freeport, New York) is a former Major League Baseball second baseman who played for the Philadelphia Phillies (1980), Chicago White Sox (1981–1982), and Chicago Cubs (1983). After his playing days, he began a minor league coaching/managing career.

</doc>
<doc id="20682038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682038" title="Dogopoly">
Dogopoly

DOGOPOLY, the Game of High Steaks & Bones, was first designed and created in 1977.
The premise of the game is similar to the common Monopoly board game but with enough enhancements to make it a game in and of itself.
In 1992, a computer version was released to a limited audience.
In 2002, the 25th anniversary edition was released as seen at the official website, www.dogopoly.com

</doc>
<doc id="20682068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682068" title="St. Mary's Church, Brook">
St. Mary's Church, Brook

St. Mary's Church, Brook is a parish church in the Church of England located in Brook, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church dates from 1864 by the architect Malling. It replaced a previous building which was destroyed in a fire. A memorial to those killed in a 1957 flying boat crash stands in the churchyard.
The small, squat tower contains a set of 8 tubalar bells.
Parish status.
The church is grouped with:
Organ.
The church has a two manual organ dating from 1867 by Bevington. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20682080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682080" title="2008 in Luxembourg">
2008 in Luxembourg

"See also:" 
2007 in Luxembourg, 
2009 in Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="20682081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682081" title="IEC 61346">
IEC 61346

IEC 61346 is an electrotechnical standard titled ""Industrial systems, Installations and Equipment and Industrial Products — Structuring Principles and Reference Designations"". It sets voluntary standards on how to structure systems and generate reference designations.
Contents.
IEC standards have numbers in the range 60000–79999 while the numbers of older IEC standards were converted in 1997 by adding 60000. Thus the IEC 61346-1 was published as IEC 1346-1.
Future standards.
Future developments of the standards on reference designations will be made in cooperation between the IEC and the ISO and published as IEC 81346. (Standards developed in cooperation between IEC and ISO are assigned numbers in the 80000 series)
Current situation (12-Nov-2010).
IEC 61346 has been WITHDRAWN. It is replaced by IEC 81346. The following is an excerpt from 81346, taken from the publicly available "preview" feature from:
Preview IEC 81346-1 ed. 1.0:
<start copy>
International Standard IEC 81346-1 has been prepared by IEC technical committee 3: Information structures, documentation and graphical symbols, in close co-operation with ISO technical committee 10: Technical product documentation. It is published as a double logo standard.
This edition cancels and replaces the first edition of IEC 61346-1, published in 1996. This edition constitutes a technical revision. This edition includes the following substantial changes with respect to the first edition of IEC 61346-1:
– a new introductory clause providing a description and explanation to the concepts used
elsewhere in the publication;
– a more comprehensive description of the structuring principles and rules for structuring
are provided;
– “other aspects” are introduced, and the prefix sign # is assigned to these aspects;
– the concept of reference designation group has been deleted;
– the specific term “transition” has been avoided and been replaced by an improved textual
description of this phenomenon in annex D;
– a new clause about labelling is introduced;
– the old annexes have been removed with the exception of the annex showing an example
of the application of reference designations within a system;
– a new annex explaining the manipulation of objects is introduced;
– 4 new annexes are introduced as rearrangement of detailed examples or explanatory
information.
The text of this standard is based on the following documents:
FDIS Report on voting
3/947/FDIS 3/958/RVD
Full information on the voting for the approval of this standard can be found in the report on
voting indicated in the above table. In ISO, the standard has been approved by 12 members
out of 13 having cast a vote.
This publication has been drafted in accordance with the ISO/IEC Directives, Part 2. A list of all parts of the International Standard 81346 series, formerly IEC 61346 series, under the general title Industrial systems, installations and equipment and industrial products – structuring principles and reference designations, can be found on the IEC website.
Future standards in this series will carry the new general number 81346. Numbers of existing standards in this series will be updated at the time of the next edition.
<end copy>

</doc>
<doc id="20682100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682100" title="Noelia Oncina">
Noelia Oncina

Noelia Oncina Moreno (born 9 November 1976) is a Spanish handball player. She currently plays for the club Parc Sagunto, and is captain on the Spanish national team.
She competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where the Spanish team reached the quarter finals, and finished 6th in the tournament.
She was captain for the Spanish team at the 2008 European Women's Handball Championship, where Spain reached the final, after defeating Germany in the semifinal.

</doc>
<doc id="20682121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682121" title="Two Great Sheep">
Two Great Sheep

Two Great Sheep () is a 2004 satirical Chinese film directed by Liu Hao and cast primarily with unknown actors. 
"Two Great Sheep" tells the gentle story of a peasant couple, played by Sun Yunkun and Jiang Zhikun, who are charged with caring for two foreign sheep that they must somehow breed for the community.
Liu's second film and the first under government approval, "Two Great Sheep" can be located as part of a broader trend of independent Chinese filmmakers switching their focuses to state-approved productions during the early years of the 21st century. Besides Liu, these years saw many of the leading figures of the "sixth-generation" turning in their first SARFT-approved productions, including Jia Zhangke (2004's "The World"), Zhu Wen (2003's "South of the Clouds"), and Wang Xiaoshuai (2005's "Shanghai Dreams").
"Two Great Sheep" premiered at the 2004 Toronto International Film Festival on September 14, 2004.
Plot.
The film follows a peasant couple, Zhao Deshan (Sun Yunkun) and his wife Xiuzhi (Jiang Zhikun), living in rural Yunnan province near Zhaotong in southern China. Their lives are thrown into upheaval when the local mayor (Chen Dajiang) "rewards" them with two foreign sheep donated by a former villager, now an official in Beijing. The couple is then tasked with breeding the sheep for their wool and to bring prosperity to their small community. Much to their chagrin, the sheep do not take to their new environment and the couple are forced into ever more ingenious ways of making the sheep appear greater than they really are. As they do so, they also come to value the sheep as companions in their family. When it becomes clear that the two "great" sheep are not the boon they were thought to be, the local authorities repossess the animals. Only now the simply peasant couple no longer wish to give them up.
Production.
A graduate of the Beijing Film Academy, Liu started his career with the independent film, "Chen Mo and Meiting" (2002). Though never released in China, the film caught the attention of Chinese producers at the China Film Group (CFG), who selected Liu to participate in the New Film Project, a joint investment by the CFG and the Peking University-Kwans Group to fund new directors. With expectations that the film would be not only critically, but more importantly "commercially" successful, the China Film Group invested ¥5 million to Liu for his next project, "Two Great Sheep".
The "New Film Project" would in turn give way to Beijing Starlight International, a new company focused on independent filmmakers which was also responsible for the film's international distribution and sales. 
Shot primarily in the southern province of Yunnan, "Two Great Sheep" was also produced in part by the Yunnan Provincial Association for External Cultural Exchange.
Reception.
"The New York Times" critic Stephen Holden aptly summed up the two ways of viewing "Two Great Sheep": as either "an uplifting fable about teamwork and good citizenship or as a spoof of a frightened society's blind obedience to authority." 
Steve Rhodes espoused the latter view in his review of the film, seeing "Two Great Sheep" as a "simple film, simply told."
Many critics, however, chose a middle view, and saw the film primarily as a metaphor for China's bureaucratic machine and its effect on the common peasant. Derek Elley of "Variety" noted how the film "homes in on the stratified nature of Chinese rural society," though he does not go as far as to suggest what Liu Hao intended with the film. Elley does argue, however, that the film is distinct from similar films, notably Zhang Yimou's 1992 "The Story of Qiu Ju", mainly in that "Two Great Sheep" "lack of bitterness or despair." A similar review noted that the film was nothing if not a celebration of the "tenacious resiliency of the will to survive." 
Other critics took a negative view and saw the film's lack of bitterness or other strong "message" as a flaw. "Slant Magazine"'s Ed Gonzalez felt the film went on too long without a clear message, holding that he was "not exactly sure if Hao is for or against Bolshevism."

</doc>
<doc id="20682135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682135" title="Kamiar Rokni">
Kamiar Rokni

Kamiar 'Kami’ Rokni is a popular Pakistani fashion designer.
Kami graduated from Pakistan School of Fashion Design in 2000 and launched Karma with Maheen Ali in 2001. He was the creative mind behind the label which quickly rose to prominence, becoming one of the most sought after brands in Pakistan. Kami introduced and popularized many trends in the local fashion industry, including the ‘star burst’ and traditional ‘kundan’ work. In 2006, Kami parted ways with Karma and launched his own brand ‘Kamiar Rokni’.
Kami also hosts 'No Reservations' on dawn news every Sunday where celebrities are invited for a candid talk about their lives.
Awards and shows.
In 2008, Kamiar Rokni was nominated for a lux style award in the 'Best Pret Wear' category.
Two of Kamiar Rokni's designs opened the 'artist' and the 'prom queen' segments at the Lahore Grammar School Defence branch fashion show which was held to raise funds for the Smile Again Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20682137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682137" title="All Saints' Church, Calbourne">
All Saints' Church, Calbourne

All Saints' Church, Calbourne is a parish church in the Church of England located in Calbourne, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval. The tower was rebuilt in 1752.
Church status.
The church is grouped with Holy Spirit Church, Newtown.
Organ.
The church has a two manual organ dating from 1873 by Forster and Andrews. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20682139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682139" title="William Booth (footballer)">
William Booth (footballer)

William Booth (born October 1880 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. Born in Stockport, he played for Manchester United and Edge Lane.
Transferring from Edge Lane F.C. in December 1900, Booth made two appearances as a Forward for Manchester United, on 26 and 29 December 1900, aged 20. The 26 December match against Blackpool resulted in a 4-0 win for United, while the 29 December 1900 match against Glossop North End resulted in a 3-0 win for United.
Booth transferred from Manchester United in June 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20682153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682153" title="Howard Street (Chicago)">
Howard Street (Chicago)

Howard Street, alternately known as Sibley Avenue in Park Ridge, is a major east-west thoroughfare in the Chicago metropolitan area. At Paulina Street, it houses the Howard CTA Station, the northern terminus of the Red Line, and, between Paulina Street and Kedzie Avenue, serves as the border between the city of Chicago (community areas of Rogers Park and West Ridge) and the city of Evanston. It runs intermittently through several north and northwestern suburbs, near O'Hare International Airport, and finally terminates at Ridge Avenue in Elk Grove Village. The street is located at 7600 N in Chicago's address system.
For more history on Howard Street, how it got its name, etc, goto this link: http://undereverystone.blogspot.com/2012/11/he-was-howard-of-howard-street-howard-j.html
Other points of interest along Howard Street include Lost Eras Costume Shop, The Fish Keg, Gulliver's Pizzeria and Restaurant, JR Dessert Bakery, the MWRDGC North Side Water Reclamation Plant, Tom O'Shanter Golf Course and Park Ridge Country Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20682155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682155" title="Isaac Rülf">
Isaac Rülf

Rabbi Dr. Isaac (Yitzhak) Rülf (February 10, 1831 - September 18, 1902) was a Jewish teacher, journalist and philosopher. He became widely known for his aid work and as a prominent early Zionist.
Rülf was born in Rauischholzhausen, Hesse, Germany. He received a teaching certificate in 1849, became an assistant to the county rabbi and then taught in other small communities. He received his rabbinical certificate in 1854 from the University of Marburg and his Ph.D in 1865 at the University of Rostock. That year he became the rabbi of Memel, East Prussia.
Rülf first found fame for his part in the 'Jankel Widutzky case' in which an English minister attempted to convert Widutzky, a Jewish youth, in Memel. Rülf attacked the missionary in the article "Jankel Widutzky, der den Händen der Judenbekehrungs Mission entzogene Knabe" (1867), sparking indignation in Germany. Widutzky was thus not converted and entered Rabbinical college.
City of Memel.
Memel, in addition to being an important port on the Baltic, was a frontier town and a crossroads between East and West – it lay at the tip of East Prussia, on the border of Russia's Lithuanian province (the Kovner Gubernie).
The Jewish community in Memel was divided between Western Jews (Prussian/German) and the Eastern Jews (Polish/Russian/Lithuanian), with the different groups having their own institutions and leaders. This mirrored a continent-wide division based largely on the Easterners' fixation on traditional religious education and their perceived ignorance of worldly affairs. Rülf arrived as rabbi of the German Jews but tried to unite the communities. For instance, in 1875 Rülf collected funds among the German Jews to assist the Lithuanian and Russian Jews in building their Beth Midrash. In this way he won over the Eastern Jews who had first dismissed this “Doktor-Rabbiner” of the wealthier German minority.
To supplement his small pay as rabbi, Rülf became an editor of the "Memeler Dampfboot", the city's largest liberal newspaper. From 1872 until he left the city, he was editor-in-chief. In 1862 Rülf and Rabbi Yisrael Salanter founded a chevra kadisha together in Memel. In 1879 Rülf created an Armenschule, or school for poor children and in 1886 Rülf directed the funding and building of a synagogue for the German Jews. In 1871 he and two collaborators caused a Jewish hospital to be built in Memel. It drew so many patients to the city that in 1896 a new, larger building was put up. It has been restored and still stands today, in use as a hospital, at its scenic hilltop site.
The early 1880s saw a series of efforts to force Jews out of Memel in increasing numbers. Rülf raised a great deal of money for the exiles' travel and living expenses. Many of these people were given enough to reach the United States. In 1885, Rülf used his political contacts in Germany to prevent a final mass expulsion of Jews from Memel.
In 1898, Rülf retired from his position and moved with his family to Bonn, Germany.
International aid work.
Rülf travelled east to study the cruel conditions of Jewish life in Russia and Lithuania. In response he wrote "My Journey to Kovno" (1869) and "Three Days in Jewish Russia" (1882). During this time he received reports, smuggled over the Lithuanian border, on the Russian pogroms. In Memel these were translated into German and sent to England, where they later appeared in two long articles in the London "Times" on January 11 and 13, 1882. Russian Jews were even able to escape to Germany through an underground directed by Rülf.
Rülf established and headed the “Permanent Committee for Helping Russian Jews” in the 1880s. He organized a massive relief campaign in Germany for Russian Jews, and tens of thousands came to know him as 'Rabbi Hülf' or 'Dr. Hülf', meaning 'Help'. Rülf saved around 30,000 Jews from starvation during Lithuania's 1867-1868 famine. To this end, he collected an amazing 630,000 Mark in Germany, transferring it to 230 Lithuanian settlements over a year and a half.
Zionism.
Rülf was struck by the fact that Russian Jews saw themselves simply as Jews, in contrast with 'Western' Jews who identified with their nation of residence. In 1881 he had a conversion to this view of Jewish identity. Within months, Russian Jew Leon Pinsker published "Auto-Emancipation", calling for a Jewish state in response to anti-Semitism. Rülf agreed with the basic idea but little else, compelling him to write "Aruchas Bas-Ammi" (1883). There he went further than Pinsker, specifying that the Jewish homeland must be in Palestine and its language must be Hebrew, and calling for immediate purchase of land and immigration to Palestine. 
Three years later, Rülf's was one of the first portraits to appear in "Kneset Israel", a great distinction. Correspondents over these years included Pinsker and Nathan Birnbaum, coiner of the term Zionism. Rülf's letters and other writings are preserved in the Rülf Collection at the Central Zionist Archives in Jerusalem, Israel.
Rülf was hurt when, in 1896, the young Theodor Herzl was embraced as Zionism's international leader. That was the year in which Herzl published his landmark "Der Judenstaat". However, Rülf came to Herzl's defense against the anti-Zionist “Protest Rabbis” who impeded the First Zionist Congress, leveraging his considerable reputation and writing "Declaration versus Declaration" in the June 25, 1897 "Die Welt". In 1898, Rülf introduced Herzl at the Second Zionist Congress at Basle, Switzerland.
In Memel, Rülf had been the mentor of David Wolffsohn, who went on to succeed Herzl as the second President of the World Zionist Organization. Wolffsohn came to Memel at age 17 from his Lithuanian hometown, and Rülf taught and greatly influenced him.
Late in life, Rülf attempted to warn European Jews of the dangers they faced from German anti-Semitism. In "Topical Study", in the May 18, 1900 "Die Welt", he wrote that the end of the century would not mean the end of the murder of millions of Jews. Less than fifty years later, his own children were unable to escape the Holocaust.
Family and legacy.
Isaac Rülf died in Bonn, four years after relocating there to continue his work in philosophy. His sons became personal friends of Konrad Adenauer, future first Chancellor of West Germany. The danger to Jews from Nazi power increased while Adenauer was mayor of Cologne, and Adenauer offered refuge to Rülf's son Benno at his family home in Rhöndorf. However, Adenauer was himself forced to flee and take refuge at a monastery. Benno and his wife traveled to the Netherlands but, according to a statement of his daughter Elizabeth, he was deported and died in Auschwitz. Isaac's son Jacob committed suicide in Bonn before being deported.
A street in Tel Aviv, Israel is named for Isaac Rülf.
Books.
Rülf published a five-volume work of philosophy, "System of a New Metaphysics", in which he described his theories of theistic monism.
My Journey to Kovno
Three Days in Jewish Russia
Legacy Law as a Basic Evil

</doc>
<doc id="20682165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682165" title="Zanzibar Channel">
Zanzibar Channel

The Zanzibar Channel is the strait separating Unguja (also known as Zanzibar) from mainland Tanzania. The channel is 120 km long and 30-40 km wide, with depth varying from a few dozen metres (in the centre) to a few hundred metres to the north and to the south. In ancient times the overall depth of the channel has been considerably smaller (about 120 m less during the last ice age). 
The southern entrance to the Channel is indicated by a lighthouse located on the mainland coast on the Ras Kanzi promontory, 22 km south of Dar es Salaam. 

</doc>
<doc id="20682167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682167" title="Go for Broke (2002 film)">
Go for Broke (2002 film)

Go for Broke is a 2002 urban comedy film, written by Jean-Claude La Marre, who also directed and co-produced the film, which stars Pras, Michael A. Goorjian, LisaRaye, Kira Madallo Sesay, and Bobby Brown. The movie was made in 3 different languages: English, French, & German. English title: Go for Broke, French title: Il était une prison, German title: Zwei Jungs im Gefängnis which aired on Germany TV.
Plot.
Two guys have the winning ticket in a lottery, but the ticket is taken by a woman robbing the restaurant they're in, who swallows the ticket before getting arrested. The guys come up with a scheme to recover the ticket by committing a felony while impersonating women so as to be sent to the same women's penitentiary as the robber.

</doc>
<doc id="20682171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682171" title="Len Bradbury">
Len Bradbury

Leonard Bradbury (July 1914 – 2007) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Northwich, Cheshire. He played for Manchester United, Old Wittonians, Northwich Victoria, and University of Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="20682174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682174" title="Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C.">
Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C.

The Embassy of Turkey in Washington, D.C. is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Turkey to the United States. It is located at 2525 Massachusetts Avenue, Northwest in the Embassy Row neighborhood. 
The chancery is housed in a new building, inaugurated by Turkish President Süleyman Demirel on April 23, 1999. Designed by Shalom Baranes Associates, it reflects aspects of Turkish vernacular architecture while harmonizing with the styles of the Sheridan-Kalorama neighborhood.
Previously, the embassy had been housed in a mansion farther south, at Sheridan Circle and 23rd Street, N.W. The building today serves as the Turkish ambassador's residence. It was originally built for Edward Hamlin Everett, a bottling millionaire, in 1915. The Everett House was designed by George Oakley Totten, Jr., a Washingtonian who had spent a brief period in Turkey as the official architect for Ottoman Sultan Abdul Hamid II. The Turkish government leased the building in 1932 and purchased it four years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20682189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682189" title="Holy Spirit Church, Newtown">
Holy Spirit Church, Newtown

Holy Spirit Church, Newtown is a parish church in the Church of England located in Newtown, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church dates from 1835 by the architect A. F. Livesay, and was built on the site of a ruined medieval chapel. Architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner described the church as 'the finest early nineteenth century church on the Island'.
Church status.
The church is grouped with All Saints' Church, Calbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20682228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682228" title="Alger Theater">
Alger Theater

The Alger Theater is a theatre located at 16451 East Warren Avenue in the MorningSide neighborhood of Detroit, Michigan. It is one of only two remaining intact and unchanged neighborhood theaters in the city of Detroit (the second being the Redford Theatre). It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
History.
The Alger Theater, presumably named for Michigan governor Russell A. Alger, was built by Detroit theater developers Saul and Hattie Sloan. The Sloans leased the theater to Detroit theater magnate George Washington Trendle, and it first opened on August 22, 1935 as a neighborhood cinema. When the Alger Theater opened, it was a luxury theater, and included state-of-the-art amenities such as premium sound and projection equipment, comfort seating, and air conditioning. It continued as a movie house for forty years. However, as the surrounding neighborhood suffered socioeconomic changes, attendance began dropping off. In the mid-nineteen seventies, ownership changed hands, and the theater was used for live performances and music in addition to movies. However, the theater closed its doors in 1981. In 1984, ownership changed hands again, and the Alger was re-opened as a B-movie house. However, profits were slim, and the theater closed again in less than a year.
In 1986, the theater was purchased by Friends of the Alger Theater, a non profit community based organization composed of neighborhood residents and businesses dedicated to preserving the Alger Theater. They are developing programming for the community while raising funds to refurbish and reopen the theater.
Description.
The Alger sits at the corner of Warren Avenue and Outer Drive. It is constructed of structural steel faced with brick. A two-story square-plan tower structure with an instepped parapet stands at the corner, dominating the building's facade. The tower houses the theater entrance and box office. A vertical sign with the theater's name extends from the tower toward the street. Along the Warren facade, four single-story commercial spaces faced with painted yellow brick line the sidewalk; the facade of the theater proper above is set back.
On the interior of the theater, the inner and outer lobby and the balcony-less auditorium still show much of their historic finish. The auditorium is constructed of concrete block with horizontal banding in smaller concrete brick; it originally sat 1182 people but now seats 825. The stage was extended into the seating area to provide for theatrical performances. Stepped metal sconces with rounded ends adorn the walls.
An Anchor for Community Building.
Friends of the Alger Theater is a 25 year old nonprofit organization that has worked to stabilize and restore the historic theater. The group recognizes that the prominent location of the theater at the corner of East Warren Avenue and East Outer Drive and its long-standing history put the organization in a position to act as keystone for reigniting the East Warren commercial district and the surrounding neighborhoods.
The Friends have achieved historic designations on the state, federal and local levels. In March 2009, the city’s Historic Designation Advisory Board unanimously voted to recommend that the City Council approve the designation. The Detroit City Council approved the formal local historic designation on Oct. 21, 2009. The state and federal designations were granted in 2005.
The group has successfully recruited new members for its board of directors, continued to maintain the exterior of the building and actively pursues new annual members to support the vision to create a regional center for arts and community.
In order to fulfill the mission to provide cultural opportunities and build community in the surrounding neighborhoods, the Friends have provided free off-campus programming including a theater arts class at local Detroit Public Schools in partnership with Matrix Theater Company and the summertime outdoor movie series, Film on the Hill, at Balduck Park on the third Saturdays of June, July and August.
Although still shuttered, the Alger Theater is alive and the Friends invite all members of the surrounding community to become actively involved.
The group is currently raising funds for initial repairs to stabilize the theater and gain a certificate of occupancy. The theater can then be used for public fundraising events to spearhead a capital campaign for full renovation of the 825 seat Art Deco space. For more information or to make a donation, visit www.algertheater.org.

</doc>
<doc id="20682246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682246" title="Erin Wallace">
Erin Wallace

Erin J. Wallace is the Senior Vice President of Operations, Integration/line of business, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts. She was promoted to this new role in February 2009. Prior to being Senior Vice President of Operations, Walt Disney World Resort, she was the Vice President of the Magic Kingdom. She replaced Lee Cockerell, who was the EVP, Operations for the Orlando Resort in August 2006, though she remains an SVP.

</doc>
<doc id="20682253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682253" title="ChildLine Concert">
ChildLine Concert

The ChildLine Concert (known in recent years for sponsorship reasons as the Cheerios ChildLine Concert) is an annual pop music charity event which has taken place in Ireland since 1997. As the name suggests the money raised by the concert is donated to the young person's charity, ChildLine and many of the attendants are also children. Past performers include Westlife (who have performed at the concert twelve times), Robbie Williams, Girls Aloud, McFly, All Saints, S Club 7, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, 5ive, Sugababes, Busted, Boyzone, JLS, The Script, Little Mix, Union J and Olly Murs. 
In 2003 the concerts had raised over €1 million, in 2007 that had risen to €2.5 million, in 2010 that had risen to €3.8 million and by 2013 €4.6 million had been raised. In 2012 €440,000 was raised and in 2013 organisered hoped to match that figure by raising another €400,000.
On 16th December 2008 the event was held at the The O2 in Dublin, becoming the first ever concert to take place at the venue.
History.
The ChildLine Concert is an annual event to raise money for ChildLine, a 24 hour phone line that is dedicated to helping children.
The performers, organisers and venue all provide their services for free in order for all the money from ticket sales to go to the financial support and aid of ChildLine. The ChildLine Concert is also known as the Cheerios ChildLine Concert as it is sponsored by Cheerios. Throughout its history many acts have performed including Robbie Williams, The Script, JLS, Girls Aloud, Enrique Iglesias, S Club 7, McFly, Little Mix, and Olly Murs.
The first ChildLine Concert was held at the Point Theatre, Dublin in 1997. By 2003 over €1 million had been raised. In 2013 it was announced that €4.6 million had been raised from the concerts between 1997 and 2012.
2003 event.
Acts who performed at the Point Theatre on 26 January included Samantha Mumba, Sugababes, Girls Aloud, Six, Busted, Mankind, Broken Hill and Big Brovaz. Westlife's Nicky Byrne, Mark Feehily and Bryan McFadden hosted the event which was televised live on RTÉ Television. ChildLine received over €200,000. 
2008 event.
Acts who performed at the O2 on 16 December included Enrique Iglesias, Boyzone, Shayne Ward, Anastacia Scouting for Girls, The Script, Alphabeat, The Saturdays, Eoghan Quigg and JLS. The show was hosted by Westlife's Nicky Byrne.
2009 event.
The 2009 event was held at The O2 featuring Westlife, Alexandra Burke, JLS, Taio Cruz, Cascada, The Saturdays, The Boulevard, and The Script. The event was hosted by Liam McKenna. The event took place on Wednesday, November 18. The concert raised €400,000.
2010 event.
The 2010 event was announced on 24 September 2010 and took place at The O2 on 3 December 2010 with acts including as Westlife, Shayne Ward, Jedward, Jason Derulo, The Wanted, Olly Murs, Wonderland and McFly. Nicky Byrne of Westlife hosted. The concert was broadcast on TV3 on 18 December 2010.
2011 event.
On 5 September 2011 it was announced that the 2011 Childline Concert would take place on 12 November 2011 at The O2 in Dublin. It was hosted once again by Nicky Byrne and featured Westlife, Jedward, The Wanted, JLS, Cher Lloyd and Parade and more to be announced. Westlife announced in October 2011 that they were retiring from music and the 2011 ChildLine Concert was their 12th and final ChildLine Concert performance. The concert raised over €400,000. 
2012 event.
On 5 October 2012 it was announced that the 15th annual Childline Concert would take place on 24 November 2012 at The O2 in Dublin. It was hosted by Keith Duffy and Glenda Gilson and the acts that took part included The Script, JLS, Little Mix, Jedward, Lawson, Stooshe, Hudson Taylor and Level 5. Irish "The X Factor" contestant Mary Byrne also appeared to with Level 5 to sing on their charity single. The concert was broadcast on TV3 on 1 December 2012. Over €440,000 was raised.
2013 event.
The 16th annual ChildLine Concert took place on 20 November 2013 at The O2 in Dublin, the concert also celebrated ChildLine's 25th birthday. Hosted by Westlife's Nicky Byrne the lineup included The Wanted, Shane Filan, Little Mix, Union J, Conor Maynard and B*Witched. Boyzone opened the concert 16 years after helping to launch the concert in 1997 and also celebrated their 20th anniversary. Tickets went on sale 4 October 2013 and ChildLine hoped to raise €400,000 from the concert. Speaking on their continued sponsorship of the concert, Alison Healy of Cheerios said "we are delighted to once again be sponsoring the Cheerios Childline Concert and are very much looking forward to another great night in The O2." Special "Cheer for ChildLine" packs of Cheerios were also sold allowing people to send "cheer" to their favourite act and raise more money.
ChildLine Rocks.
An annual concert featuring rock and indie acts from around Ireland called "ChildLine Rocks" was launching in 2007, acting as a rock alternative to the pop "ChildLine Concert" to raise money for ChildLine. The performers played for free meaning the entire ticket fee went to ChildLine.
2007 event.
The first "ChildLine Rocks" concert was held at The Village in Dublin in February 2007 with a sellout attendance. Republic of Loose and The Blizzards headlined.
2008 event.
Following the success of the first concert the second was held in Dublin in The Academy, a venue twice the size of The Village. It took place on 28 February 2008 with an attendance of 1,400 and had over 20 performers raising €26,000. The concert was split into three stages, The Star Stage, sponsored by the "Irish Daily Star", The Phantom 105.2 Stage, sponsored by Irish radio station "Phantom FM" and the Songs of Praise Stage, it was hosted by Michelle Doherty. Acts included Cathy Davey, The Coronas, Future Kings of Spain, Ham Sandwich, Super Extra Bonus Party, Rarely Seen Above Ground and Jape as well as a selection of DJs from around Ireland and a karaoke section.
As on 2013, "ChildLine Rocks" has not had a third concert.

</doc>
<doc id="20682290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682290" title="Jumbo (film)">
Jumbo (film)

Jumbo is a 2008 Bollywood animation film directed by Kompin Kemgumnird, produced by Percept Picture Company and features the voices of Akshay Kumar, Lara Dutta, Dimple Kapadia, Rajpal Yadav, Asrani, Gulshan Grover, and Yuvraj Singh. The film is an official remake/redubbing of the 2006 Thai film "Khan Kluay". "Jumbo" released worldwide on Christmas Day 2008, but was met with mixed critical reviews and turned out to be one of the biggest box office disasters of the year. In 2011 A direct to DVD sequel titled Jumbo 2: The Return of the Big Elephant was released.
Kumar was reportedly paid nine crores for the dubbing and two promotional songs.
Plot.
The movie starts with Akshay Kumar singing a song "everything's gonna be all right", for the kids in the school. He then talks to a particular kid who seems to be depressed for some reason. He then narrates a story to the kid of Jumbo.
Jumbo is a small blue elephant (voiced by Akshay Kumar) who grows up with his mother (voiced by Dimple Kapadia). His mother never reveals any details of his father and neither do the rest of the elephants in the herd. He is a happy go lucky elephant, who loves to play with the other animals of the jungle. Occasionally he would be confronted by the other elephants of the herd, who would bully him on the history of his father. Tired of being teased about his father's cowardice in some war, he confronts his mom again who somehow manages to rubbish the topic. One night he comes to know that a large army has come to the jungle, and they plan an overnight stay. In the hope of finding his father, Jumbo sets out to the camp, and manages to locate a tent that houses the royal elephant of that army. He goes in and politely asks the royal elephant about his father. All of a sudden the royal elephant turns very violent and Jumbo starts running for cover. In the meanwhile the soldiers standing outside see Jumbo running out of the tent and try to capture it. Jumbo manages to go in to the tent of prince Vikramaditya. Vikramaditya then saves Jumbo from the soldiers. It is then revealed that Vikramaditya is the prince of a captured kingdom and is a POW. After running away from the camp Jumbo realizes that he is separated from his mother and is lost in the jungle. He wanders in the jungle for a while where he meets Sonia (voiced by Lara Dutta) a cute pink elephant. He meets some villagers and a wise old Mahout who is the guardian of Sonia. They teach him the art of war and also make him strong and confident. He grows up to be a well built and strong war elephant.
Prince Vikramaditya then calls for his whole kingdom to unite and fight against the oppressive rule of the enemy. Jumbo and his Mahout then go for a competition called by Vikramaditya, for the selection of the royal elephant. Jumbo finds his mother at Vikramaditya's court and she finally tells him the story of his father who was a war elephant and never returned after a war. They sneak into a tent which houses the ex-royal elephants, hoping to locate Jumbo's father. There they meet an old royal elephant who knows Jumbo's father. He then narrates what happened in the battle. He tells them that Jumbo's father was killed by Bakhtavar, the enemy's royal elephant, after a fierce battle.
Jumbo then set out with king Vikramaditya to avenge the death of his father. Jumbo shows the same strength and skill which his father possessed in his days. They challenge Bakhtavar for a one-on-one combat. Then follows a fierce battle between Jumbo and Bakhtavar, in which Jumbo kills Bakhtavar in the same manner that his father was killed. In the end Akshay Kumar, who is narrating the story to a small kid, again emphasises his words "everything's gonna be all right, chalteh hai side by side".
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed and directed by Ram Sampath. The lyrics were penned by Israr Ansari, Munna Dhiman, Asif Ali Beg. The album was released by T-Series.
Reception.
Critical Reception.
The film received mixed reviews. Taran Adarsh from "Bollywood Hungama" rated it 3/5 and said "JUMBO is a sweet, sincere and simple film that works. Who knows, it may spring a surprise this Christmas. Recommended for kids from 6 to 60". Gaurav Malani of "Economic Times" gave it 2/5 saying "Whether you are an Akshay Kumar aficionado or an animation genre fan, Jumbo won't appeal much to either. This time the animation format is enhanced but the storytelling is obsolete". Khaled Mohamed from "Hindustan Times" gave it 1.5 out 5 and said "Forget comparisons with the Disney classics Bambi or Fantasia, or the more recent Finding Nemo and Madagascars. With round-the-clock exposure to the best animation in the world, you doubt even if pre-tweens will be enthralled by the caricatured animal life and the flat palette colours".
Box office.
"Jumbo" was released in a limited 300 screens, due to most of the screen space taken by "Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi" and Ghajini. The film opened to a poor response, grossing 1.95 in its first week. After four weeks the film had grossed 2.61 and was declared a disaster.
Sequel.
The sequel "Jumbo 2: The Return of the Big Elephant" was released on 21 October 2011. It received negative reviews and went unnoticed at the box office due to lack of promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="20682318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682318" title="Past Masters">
Past Masters

Past Masters is a two-volume compilation album set by The Beatles which was released in 1988 as part of the issue of the band's entire back catalogue on CD. Compiled by the noted Beatles authority Mark Lewisohn, this collection of many of the band's biggest hits as well as rarities includes every song released commercially by the band that was not available on The Beatles’ twelve original UK albums or the "Magical Mystery Tour" LP.
The majority of the "Past Masters" set consists of A and B-sides from the band's singles, including single versions of songs that appeared in a different form on the band's albums. Also included are the full contents of the UK-only "Long Tall Sally" EP, two German language tracks, a song recorded for the American market and a track released on a charity compilation album.
Release history.
"Past Masters" was first released as the separate CDs "Past Masters, Volume One" and "Past Masters, Volume Two" on 7 March 1988, which were included in "The Beatles Box Set".
A double LP set "Past Masters, Volumes One & Two" was subsequently released in the United States on 24 October 1988 and in the United Kingdom on 10 November 1988.
A two CD set, "Past Masters", which contained both volumes, was released on 9 September 2009, as part of the remastering of the original Beatles' catalogue, and was included in "The Beatles Stereo Box Set". This release includes stereo mixes of both "From Me to You" and "Thank You Girl". In "The Beatles in Mono" box set, the album "Mono Masters" took the place of "Past Masters", containing a similar track list of dedicated mono mixes.
The remastered for vinyl version of the "Past Masters" double LP set was released on 12 November 2012.
"Past Masters" track listings.
Tracks are in stereo unless indicated as mono. Dates provided are the dates when the tracks were originally released, not recorded.
All songs written and composed by Lennon–McCartney except where noted.
"Past Masters, Volume One".
Contains recordings originally released between 1962 and 1965:
"Past Masters, Volume Two".
Contains recordings originally released between 1965 and 1970:
Mono Masters.
An all-mono compilation titled Mono Masters was included as part of "The Beatles in Mono" box set. The premise of this box set was to compile only Beatles material which was released or prepared for release with a dedicated mono mix (the set excludes later material mixed and released only in stereo, and material whose mono version was simply created as an equal mix of the two channels of the stereo version). As a result, the tracklisting for "Mono Masters" differs from "Past Masters" on the second half of disc two, omitting some later songs that never had a mono mix ("Old Brown Shoe", "The Ballad of John and Yoko" and "Let It Be"), and adding several songs released on stereo-only albums that had unreleased mono mixes. Tracks 9–12 and 15 were prepared in March 1969 for release as a 7" mono "Yellow Submarine" EP, but due to poor reception of the full album, the project was abandoned. Subsequently, the tracks were only released in stereo (and in an electronically-produced mono mixdown, or "fold-down", of the stereo mix), while the true mono mixes remained unreleased. "Get Back" (with B-side "Don't Let Me Down") was the final Beatles single mixed for mono format. It was released in the UK in mono, though the US release was in stereo. Thus, the songs that were originally released on stereo singles in the UK are omitted on this release.
"Mono Masters" track listing.
All songs written and composed by Lennon/McCartney except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20682348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682348" title="Peter Coyne">
Peter Coyne

Peter David Coyne (born 13 November 1958) is an English former footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Manchester. He played for Manchester United, Ashton United, Crewe Alexandra, Hyde United, Swindon Town and Glossop North End.
His main success in his career came at Swindon Town, when Lou Macari signed him from Hyde United on August 23, 1984. In season 1984–85 he scored 15 goals (including a run of five consecutive games in March) and finished as the clubs 2nd highest scorer that season, and followed that up in season 1985–86 with another 14 goals (including a hat-trick at home to Northampton), and won a 4th Division championship medal with Swindon. His goal on the final day at home to Crewe which Swindon won 1–0 ensured Swindon finished the season on a record breaking 102 points.
In 1986–87 he scored another 12 goals helping Swindon to back to back promotions, this time to Division 2. He scored both goals in the opening day fixture away to Bolton Wanderers and probably his most important goal was against Gillingham at the County Ground when he equalised in the play-off final second leg, Swindon eventually won the third match 2–0 to clinch promotion.
Peter only made 6 appearances in the 1987–88 season in Division 2,and his last appearance ever for Swindon was away at West Bromwich Albion on 3 September 1988 (his only appearance in the 1988–89 season). He went out on loan to Aldershot in August 1989 and was eventually released by Swindon in June 1990 when he joined Colne Dynamoes, and later Radcliffe Borough, Glossop North End, and finally Wilmslow Albion.
His brother, Gerald (Ged) was a professional at both Manchester United and Manchester City and later managed several clubs in the Manchester area including East Manchester, Curzon Ashton, Mossley and Hyde United. Ged's daughter, Jenna, a very successful competitive swimmer, is the partner of box Matthew "Magic" Hatton, brother of former world light welterweight champion Ricky Hatton.
After retiring from football, Peter then took his coaching badges with the PFA before starting work with Manchester United Football in the Community scheme where he gained valuable experience working with young people and footballers with a disability.
After leaving Manchester United, Peter now works at Manchester Airport. As UEFA B License holder, Peter still actively coaches in the local area, both at primary schools and local junior club, Didsbury Juniors FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20682349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682349" title="Carne de vinha d'alhos">
Carne de vinha d'alhos

Carne de vinha d'alhos is a Portuguese dish categorized according to mode of preparation as an adobo. The name means "meat with wine and garlic", the meat usually being pork or rabbit. It is traditionally served at Christmas time in Madeira. In the Azores it is known as "vina dosh" (pronounced "vinya dahj"). It was taken by people from the Portuguese island of Madeira and the Azores to the Americas where it is known as "pickled pork" or "vina dosh". It is also known as "garlic pork" in Trinidad and Tobago and Guyana where it was introduced in the early 19th century.
The curry dish vindaloo is an Indian interpretation of carne de vinha d'alhos, which was developed in the former Portuguese colony of Goa in Portuguese India.

</doc>
<doc id="20682358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682358" title="Tianjin Today Evening News">
Tianjin Today Evening News

Tianjin Today Evening News is a Chinese language newspaper published from Tianjin, China.

</doc>
<doc id="20682368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682368" title="Santa Ana Airport (Colombia)">
Santa Ana Airport (Colombia)

Santa Ana Airport () is an airport located at Cartago, a city in the Valle del Cauca Department of Colombia.
Airlines and destinations.
The airport is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="20682370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682370" title="Governor's Cup (Rhode Island)">
Governor's Cup (Rhode Island)

The Governor's Cup is a name given to the football game between Brown University and the University of Rhode Island. As of 2012, the Brown Bears and Rhode Island Rams have met 97 times beginning in 1909. The Brown-Rhode Island game is played in late September or early October, and the venue alternates between Brown Stadium and the Meade Stadium. As of 2013, Brown leads the series 70–26–2.

</doc>
<doc id="20682371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682371" title="HD 183263 c">
HD 183263 c

HD 183263 c is an exoplanet orbiting approximately 4.25 AU from the parent star HD 183263. This planet was announced by Wright "et al." on December 8, 2008 using multiple observations in Lick and Keck Observatories earlier in that year. This planet was calculated to have minimum mass of 3.82 times more than Jupiter and takes 8.08 years to revolve around the star. The orbital distance varies from 3.17 to 5.33 AU, corresponding to the orbital eccentricity of 0.253.

</doc>
<doc id="20682378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682378" title="Shallow Life">
Shallow Life

Shallow Life is the fifth album by Italian band Lacuna Coil. The album was released on April 20, 2009 in Europe and April 21 in North America. As of September, 2009, it has sold over 75,000 copies in the U.S. and 225,000 worldwide.
Background.
The album was recorded in autumn 2008 at a studio in Los Angeles with producer Don Gilmore. According to magazine Rock Sound the album would have some Arabic influences.
Scabbia noted that the album "feels more rock" and that it is "the perfect mixture between our old European sound and something more modern...some of its very heavy. The most amazing this is, we've been able to improve everything about Lacuna Coil without taking away anything good or doing something that doesn't belong."
Shallow Life is reportedly set to be the band's first concept album, containing references toward superficial lifestyles in the world today. The song "Spellbound" was debuted live at the Soundwave Music Festival in February 2009.
The song "Not Enough" was released as a free download on the Italian Music website XL with the backstage of Spellbound video on 1 April 2009.
In the beginning of April the song I’m Not Afraid was released as airplay on Russian radios.
On 8 April 2009 Lacuna Coil posted all 12 tracks from their album to listen to on their MySpace profile page for one week only.
On 14 April 2009 the band created a poll on their MySpace profile for fans to choose the second single, involving nine songs from Shallow Life.
Shallow Life was re-released as a double disc deluxe edition with new artwork from January 22–27, 2010 in Europe and February 22, 2010 in North America. The bonus disc contains live and acoustic recordings and previously unreleased studio tracks.
Reception.
The Album received mixed reviews from music critics. "Allmusic" writer, gave a mixed review to the album and rated it as two-and-a-half stars out of five and wrote: "In all fairness, Shallow Life, does come on very much as expected based on "Lacuna Coil"'s preceding career arc, and many observers would argue that backtracking isn't the solution either if a band is to prosper in the long run -- but it may have to be here, given the underwhelming sales and vociferous critical backlash bestowed upon the album." "Kerrang!" magazine gave it three out of five, stating: "It may not stand along Karmacode in ten years' time...but it is an album for today." "Rock Sound" gave them eight out of ten saying that the album is "Edgier, racier and more accessible than almost anything they’ve done to date, 'Shallow Life' is the sound of a band that’s reaping the rewards of over a decade in the business".
Credits and personnel.
Publishing
Other credits

</doc>
<doc id="20682379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682379" title="Joe Dale">
Joe Dale

Joseph "Joe" Dale (3 July 1921 – 11 September 2000) was an English footballer.
Playing career.
Dale played for Witton Albion before he transferred to Manchester United in June 1947. He made his United debut on 27 September 1947 in a 2–1 win at Preston North End. He only played one further game before he was bought by Port Vale for 'a substantial fee' (£1,000) in April 1948. He made his debut in a 1–0 home defeat by Walsall on 10 April 1948, but again failed to win a first team spot. He scored one goal in his next eight appearances before old club Witton Albion put in a then-Cheshire League record fee to bring him back to the club in October 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20682407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682407" title="Irvine Boocock">
Irvine Boocock

Irvine Boocock (1890 – unknown) was an English footballer who played for Bradford City between 1910 and 1922. He made 169 league appearances for Bradford City, scoring one goal, before he left for Darlington. He was born in Cleckheaton, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20682413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682413" title="Harold Dean">
Harold Dean

Harold Dean (born 1910 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Hulme, Manchester. He played for Manchester United and Mossley.

</doc>
<doc id="20682415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682415" title="Ban Advocates">
Ban Advocates

The Cluster Munitions Ban Advocates are a group of individuals whose lives have been affected by cluster munitions, a particular type of explosive weapon that has been banned for its indiscriminate area effects and risk from unexploded ordnance. They come from Afghanistan, Albania, Cambodia, Croatia, Ethiopia, Iraq, Lao PDR, Lebanon, Tajikistan, Serbia and Vietnam. The Ban Advocates took an active role in the Oslo Process on cluster munitions that led to the Convention on Cluster Munitions, a treaty banning cluster munitions and providing innovative provisions to assist the victims of these weapons. The Ban Advocates initiative was launched in October 2007 by Handicap International Belgium, a founding member of the Nobel Peace Prize-winning International Campaign to Ban Landmines. The Ban Advocates spoke in front of the international community on many occasions. According to the Irish Minister for Justice, "The indomitable spirit of the Ban Advocates, overcoming terrible injuries to bear witness to the horrors of cluster munitions, inspired us throughout." The Ban Advocates blog provides regular updates on their work around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20682443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682443" title="Curtis Moffat">
Curtis Moffat

Edwin Curtis Moffat (October 11, 1887 – 1949), better known as Curtis Moffat, was a London-based American abstract photographer, painter and modernist interior designer.
Moffat studied painting in New York and in Paris before exhibiting his work in New York during World War I. He married the actress and poet Iris Tree, and the couple moved to London after the war, where Moffat took up abstract photography. He collaborated with Man Ray and Cecil Beaton on numerous occasions throughout his career. He opened a photographic studio in London in 1925. Four years later, he opened an interior design showroom and gallery, displaying a combination of modern, antique and African tribal furnishings. His home became a popular salon for artists, intellectuals and gourmands.
He moved back to America in 1939 with his second wife, settling on Martha's Vineyard, where he continued to paint.
Early years.
Moffat was born in Brooklyn in 1887 into a wealthy New York family, the son of Edwin Curtis Moffat Sr. (1853–1931) and Aline Adelaide Graves (born 1860). Moffat moved to Brittany, France with his parents at an early age before being educated at St. Mark's School in the U.S.
After a brief diplomatic career early in the new century, he studied painting in New York and was part of a group of artists including George Bellows, Robert Henri and John French Sloan. In 1913–1914, he studied at the Beaux arts in Paris. One man shows of his work were held in New York in 1916 and 1919. In 1916, he married actress-poet Iris Tree, the daughter of actor-manager Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree, in New York. A son, Ivan, born in Cuba in 1918, became a screenwriter.
After World War I ended, Moffat and his wife settled in London, and he became interested in photography. In 1923 he went to Paris where he was involved with the Surrealists and the Dada movement. He collaborated with Man Ray, with whom he developed "painting with light" 'Rayogram' compositions and other experimental techniques. In 1925 he opened a photographic studio with Olivia Wyndham in London called the "M Studio". His large and striking black and white portraits of friends such as the Sitwells, Diana Cooper, Augustus John and Nancy Cunard influenced Cecil Beaton, among others. Two exhibitions of his photographs were held in London in 1925 and 1926.
Interior design.
In 1929, financed by the American millionaire Jock Whitney, he opened a gallery, Curtis Moffat Ltd., at 4 Fitzroy Square in London. Two adjoining houses were converted into showrooms with a flat above designed by the architect Frederick Etchells. The showrooms combined modern interior design and lighting with one of the first major collections of African tribal sculpture in London. Objects for sale ranged from 16th century antiques to rugs by Edward McKnight Kauffer and Marion Dorn, and modern china, silver and glass. The insides of the cupboard doors were painted by Francis Wyndham.
Moffat undertook interior design commissions, often collaborating with John Duncan Miller. In 1930 one of the rooms was converted to a picture gallery and run by Freddie Mayor. Opening with a show of work by Augustus John, Vanessa Bell and Duncan Grant among others, its last show, "Since Cezanne", featured artists such as Picasso, Matisse and Modigliani. In 1933, due to the Great Depression, financial backing was withdrawn and the gallery closed.
Later years.
Moffat continued to live and work at Fitzroy Square. He and Iris Tree had been divorced in 1932. He returned to portrait photography and also undertook commercial colour photography. He began experimenting with the complex and delicate carbro three colour process. A one-man show of his colour photographs, "Still Lifes and Compositions with Light", was held at the Mayor Gallery in 1925. His work was included in the Museum of Modern Art exhibition "Photography 1839–1937". On 16 April 1936 in London, he married Kathleen Allan, who had worked with him for some years in his studio. The couple had a daughter, Penelope, in 1938.
Moffat's original and eclectic taste in art and design also extended into the area of gastronomy. He was an early member of the Wine and Food Society and the Saintsbury Club, and a close friend of André Simon. His table was famous for its wine and food, the choice of the latter being governed by his selection of the former, according to his son, Ivan. His large house in Fitzroy Square, perhaps the first and most original of the so-called modern interiors of the late Twenties and early Thirties, was the meeting place for many of the celebrated painters, writers, critics and designers of the day.
Early in 1939, Moffat returned to New York where he held a one-man show of his paintings. He and his family then settled on Martha's Vineyard in 1940, where he continued to paint until he died in 1949 in Edgartown, Massachusetts, on the Vinyard. His photographic archive and papers relating to his gallery, Curtis Moffat Ltd., are held and exhibited in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20682449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682449" title="Marta Mangué">
Marta Mangué

Marta Mangué González (born 23 April 1983 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a Spanish handballer who plays for Fleury Loiret HB and on the Spanish national team. 
Previously, Mangué played for RK Zaječar, however, due to financial reasons the Serbian club let her go in mid-December 2012.
Mangué competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where the Spanish team reached the quarter finals, and finished 6th in the tournament.
She won a gold medal with the Spanish team at the 2005 Mediterranean Games in Almería.
Mangué played at the 2008 European Women's Handball Championship in Macedonia, where the Spanish team defeated Germany in the semifinal, and received silver medals after losing the final. Mangué ended up among the top ten goalscorers at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20682454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682454" title="Ronald Haworth">
Ronald Haworth

Ronald Haworth (born 10 March 1901 – October 1973) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Lower Darwen, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United, Hull City, and Darwen.

</doc>
<doc id="20682475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682475" title="Richard Iddon">
Richard Iddon

Richard Iddon (born 22 June 1901 – 26 February 1975) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Tarleton, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United, Tarlton, Preston North End, Leyland, and Chorley.

</doc>
<doc id="20682487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682487" title="Ivy Kellerman Reed">
Ivy Kellerman Reed

Ivy Kellerman Reed (Oshkosh July 8, 1877 – La Jolla [California, February 7, 1968) was an American author in the international language Esperanto.
An accomplished linguist with four academic degrees for work in Latin,
Greek, Sanskrit, and Persian and half a dozen modern languages, Mrs. Reed was an ardent Esperantist. Her "Practical Grammar of the International Language", first published in 1915, ran to several editions, and is available today online from Project Gutenberg free of charge.
She was the translator with Ralph A. Lewin, of the famous Esperanto edition of Winnie-the-Pooh. She also translated Shakespeare’s “As You Like It”, the first performance of which was given at the sixth World Esperanto Congress in Washington D.C. in 1910.
She also served as editor of American Esperantist.
She was a graduate of the Ohio State University where she was a member of Delta Delta Delta. She earned a Masters degree from Cornell University and a Ph.D. magna cum laude from the University of Chicago. She was also a lawyer. She served as Grand Treasurer of Delta Delta Delta from 1900 to 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20682514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682514" title="Graham Oates (footballer born 1949)">
Graham Oates (footballer born 1949)

Graham Oates (born 14 March 1949 in Bradford) is a retired English footballer who played for Bradford City, Blackburn Rovers and Newcastle United. He also played for the Detroit Express and the California Surf in the NASL.
While at Newcastle United, Oates scored an own goal in a match against Leeds United directly from the kick-off, lobbing goalkeeper Willie McFaul in the process. McFaul is said to have been well out of position in the execution of the preplanned play.
While a member of the Detroit Express, Oates coached the Bloomfield Hills Andover High School boys soccer team through the 1978 and 1979 seasons. In his first stint as a head coach, Oates led the 1978 squad to the Michigan High School State Soccer Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20682539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682539" title="Mark Sainsbury (philosopher)">
Mark Sainsbury (philosopher)

R. Mark Sainsbury (born 1943) is a philosopher from the United Kingdom who has worked in the areas of philosophical logic, philosophy of language, and the philosophies of Bertrand Russell and Gottlob Frege.
Sainsbury taught for many years at King's College London, and became professor of philosophy at the University of Texas at Austin in 2002. (He still teaches in the summer months in London.) He was editor of the leading philosophy journal Mind from 1990 to 2000. He is also a Fellow of the British Academy.
His first book was on Bertrand Russell (Routledge, 1979). His most recent book, "Fiction and Fictionalism" (Routledge, 2009) concerns the semantic and ontological status of fictions. "Reference Without Referents" (Oxford, 2005), is on the semantics of referring expressions. His book "Departing From Frege" (2002) is on the philosophy of Gottlob Frege. He has also written about paradoxes ("Paradoxes" Cambridge, 1988, 1995, and "Tolerating Vagueness", published in the "Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society", 1989-9).

</doc>
<doc id="20682563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682563" title="Tecosca Cormaic">
Tecosca Cormaic

"Tecosca Cormaic" "The Instructions of Cormac" is a ninth-century Old Irish gnomic text which is cast as a dialogue between the legendary High-King of Ireland, Cormac mac Airt, and his son Coirpre Lifechair. 

</doc>
<doc id="20682569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682569" title="Justin Nzoyisaba">
Justin Nzoyisaba

Bishop Justin Nzoyisaba is the Legal Representative and the Bishop of the United Methodist Church of Burundi. The Reverend Justin Nzoyisaba was Consecrated to the episcopate in full apostolic succession on Sunday, December 7, 2008 by bishop Jupa Kaberuka of the United Methodist Church of Rwanda (Bishop of the Christian Communion International), Bishop Dr. Elie Buconyori of the Free Methodist Church of Burundi, Bishop Pascal Benimana of the Moravian Church of Burundi, Bishop Dieudonne Nitonde of the Charismatic Episcopal Church of Burundi and Bishop Simeon Nzishura of the African Protestant Evangelical Elim Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20682574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682574" title="Standard Parking">
Standard Parking

Standard Parking Corporation () is a leading national provider of parking facility management services, providing on-site services at multi-level and surface parking facilities for all major markets of the parking industry. The Company manages parking facilities containing more than one million parking spaces in hundreds of cities across the United States and Canada.
The Company’s diversified client base includes some of the nation’s largest private and public owners, managers and developers of major office buildings, residential properties, commercial properties, shopping centers and other retail properties, sports and special event complexes, hotels, and hospitals and medical centers. In the airport market, the Company manages parking, shuttle bus and ground transportation operations serving airports throughout the United States and Canada.
Standard Parking employs a professional staff of over 26,000 people who manage 4,200 parking facility locations. The company also runs parking and shuttlebus operations that serve 75 airports.
Company History.
Standard Parking traces its business roots back to 1929 in Chicago, where it was operated as a family owned and controlled business. The business operated under the corporate name of Standard Parking Corporation from 1981 until 1995, at which time it was reconstituted as a limited partnership named Standard Parking, L.P.
In March 1998, Standard Parking merged with APCOA, Inc. (Link) and the resulting company was called APCOA/Standard Parking, Inc.
In between 1998 and 2000, APCOA/Standard Parking, Inc. made a number of acquisitions including: 
In April 2003, APCOA/Standard Parking, Inc. changed its corporate name to Standard Parking Corporation.
In June 2004, Standard Parking completed its initial public offering, listing on the Nasdaq under the symbol STAN. A total of $54 million in gross proceeds was raised from this offering.
Standard Parking acquired the assets of Gameday Management Group (Link) in July 2009. Gameday Management plans the operation of transportation and parking systems, primarily for major stadium and sporting events. Gameday has provided its transportation and traffic management services for high-profile events including: Super Bowls XXX-XLIV, the Daytona 500, the 2009 Presidential Inauguration and the Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver. A service within Gameday, called Click and Park, offers traffic demand management and pre-paid parking services for locations across the nation.
In October 2012, Standard Parking completed the acquisition Central Parking, effectively doubling the size of the company.
Company Structure.
Standard Parking Corporation’s primary focus remains on parking management, with Standard Parking as its primary service line. 
The Company’s newly launched SP Plus service lines highlight the Company’s value-added transportation, maintenance and security service lines that complement its core parking operations. The Company also uses the SP Plus brand to emphasize the extensive subject matter expertise that the Company has developed to meet the varied demands of its assorted end-markets.
Standard Parking’s corporate headquarters are located in Chicago, but the company has a geographic footprint that includes operations in 41 states and four Canadian provinces. Offices in major cities include: Atlanta, Boston, Cleveland, Columbus, Denver, Honolulu, Houston, New Orleans, New York, San Jose, Seattle, Toronto and Washington D.C.
Board of Directors:
Executive Officers:

</doc>
<doc id="20682576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682576" title="David A. Korn">
David A. Korn

David Adolph Korn (born September 1, 1930) is a former American diplomat, former United States Ambassador to Togo, author, and foreign service officer. He was appointed to his ambassadorship position on October 16, 1986, and left that post on April 4, 1988.
David Korn was born in Wichita Falls, Texas. He attended Joplin Junior College and the University of Missouri. He holds degrees from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques in Paris, France, 1953-1956, and the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, 1957. Korn is fluent in French, Hebrew, and Arabic. He served in the United States Army from 1951 to 1953.
Korn joined the Foreign Service in September 1957 after serving briefly as a desk officer for North Africa at the International Administration, the predecessor of USAID. Later that year he was assigned as political officer to the U.S. Embassy in Paris, France. He returned to Washington D.C. in 1959 to serve in the State Department's Executive Secretariat. From 1961 to 1963, Korn was political officer at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. From there, in 1963 to 1964, he took Arabic language training at the American consulate in Tangier, Morocco; and from 1964 to 1965, he served as Chargé d'Affaires and political officer at the U.S. Embassy in Nouakchott, Mauritania. He then returned as desk officer for Arabian peninsula affairs from 1965 to 1967.
Korn was then assigned to the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv, Israel, in 1967, where he took Hebrew language training before serving as political officer from 1968 to 1969 and chief of the political section from January 1970 to August 1971. Then from 1971 to 1972, he took mid-career training at Princeton University and then returned to the Department as Office Director for northern Arab affairs from 1972 to 1975. Korn was appointed American consul general in Calcutta, India, from 1975 to 1977. He served as a member of the policy planning staff in 1978; became officer director for Arab-Israeli affairs from 1978 to 1981; and was assigned to the Bureau of African Affairs, from 1981 to 1982. From 1982 to 1985, Korn was Chargé d'Affaires and ad interim at the U.S. Embassy in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and in 1985-1986 was a fellow at Chatham House in London, England.
His father was Thomas Adolph Korn and his mother was Iris Dobson. David Korn was divorced from Susan K. Palmer in 1981 and is married to Roberta Cohen, currently a non-resident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.
Published works.
Since 1986 to 1990, David Korn has published 13 book mainly published by "Routledge", "Southern Illinois University Press", "Indiana University Press", "Westview Press", "Brookings Institution Press", "Yale University Press", "Human Rights Watch", "Institute for the Study of Diplomacy, Georgetown University School of Foreign Service", and the "Defense Academic Research Support Program and The Middle East Institute".

</doc>
<doc id="20682586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682586" title="John Middleton (footballer born 1955)">
John Middleton (footballer born 1955)

John Middleton (born 11 July 1955) is an English former footballer who played for Bradford City and Macclesfield Town. He was born in Rawmarsh, near Rotherham.

</doc>
<doc id="20682599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682599" title="Judiciary City">
Judiciary City

The Judiciary City () is a site in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg, that houses a number of courts and legal offices. It consolidates all of Luxembourg City's judicial buildings, except those related to the institutions of the European Union, on one site, and greatly expands their capacity.
The City sits on the Saint-Esprit plateau, sandwiched between the Alzette and the Pétrusse, in the southern part of the central Ville Haute quarter. Its buildings are built in modern Moselle Baroque, to match the surrounding area, and were designed by Robert Krier. Planned since 1991, the first stone of the City was laid on 7 October 2003, and it was officially inaugurated five years later, on 6 October 2008. The buildings contain of floor space, including 300 offices and sixteen courtrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="20682601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682601" title="Stoke Row, Oxfordshire">
Stoke Row, Oxfordshire

Stoke Row is a village and civil parish in the Chiltern Hills, about west of Henley-on-Thames in South Oxfordshire. It is approximately north of Reading.
History.
The toponym was first recorded in 1435. It simply means a "row of houses at Stoke" ("Stoke" being a common name for a secondary settlement or outlying farmstead).
Stoke Row was historically a hamlet divided between the ancient parishes, and later civil parishes, of Ipsden, Newnham Murren and Mongewell. It became a chapelry in 1849. From 1932 it was divided between Ipsden and Crowmarsh (into which Newnham Murren and Mongewell were merged) In 1952 Stoke Row was created a new civil parish.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of Saint John the Evangelist was built in 1846. It was designed in 13th century style by the architect R.C. Hussey. St. John the Evangelist parish is now a member of The Langtree Team Ministry: a Church of England benefice that includes also the parishes of Checkendon, Ipsden, North Stoke, Whitchurch-on-Thames and Woodcote.
Stoke Row Independent Chapel.
History.
Stoke Row Independent Chapel was built in 1815, although there had been a history of Dissenters meeting in the village since 1691. At that time they gathered in the drawing room of a local farmhouse.
In the early years services were conducted by visiting ministers or licensed lay preachers, but in 1955 a wealthy local farmer, who had been a lifelong strong supporter, bequeathed a large piece of land opposite the Chapel and on this houses were built. The resulting finance enabled a house to be built for the Minister and for Chapel modernisation, including modern heating and the provision of a kitchen and toilets. A trust was also established and this still provides for the upkeep of the exterior of both buildings.
In 1978 Padre Bernard Railton Bax took over the ministry and, together with his wife Yvonne, brought great life and warmth to the Chapel. His work was continued, after his death in 1990, by Rev John Harrington and his wife Nina. Mrs Harrington died in 1996 and Rev Harrington retired at the age of 87, after thirteen years of service.
The Chapel has always been independent, but it has neighbourly links with the local Church of England parish church of St John the Evangelist. There was once a move to integrate with the Congrega­tional Church, but the plan did not materialise. The Chapel has an ecumenical attitude and residential Ministers in recent years have included a Baptist and several from a United Reformed Church background.
Today Stoke Row Chapel has a warm and welcoming congregation of about 80 members and around 35 attend on a regular basis. The Chapel has an active choir which sings every week. A Sunday School had been thriving until quite recently. Since the retirement of Rev Harrington the Chapel has been served by Rev David Holmwood and his wife Trish. The Salvation Army and other charities provide lay speakers once a month. The current ministers are Revs David and Sonia Jackson.
The chapel keeps to the core values of worship and praise but also en­deavours to serve the local community on an individual and collective basis. A home-based Bible Study Group and a Social Club that meets once a month, as well as visits made to the sick and housebound, are part of this work. The Chapel Council maintains a dignified but friendly atmosphere. 
Maharajah's Well.
Edward Anderdon Reade, the local squire at Ipsden, had worked with the Maharajah of Benares in India in the mid nineteenth century. He had sunk a well in 1831 to aid the community in Azimgurgh. Reade left the area in 1860.
A couple of years later the Maharajah decided on an endowment in England. Recalling Mr Reade’s generosity in 1831 and also his stories of water deprivation in his home area of Ipsden the Maharajah commissioned the well at Stoke Row and it was sunk in 1863. The originally intended site for the well was Nuffield Common. All work was completed by the Wallingford firm of R. J. and H. Wilder.
Amenities.
The village has two public houses. The Cherry Tree Inn dates from the 17th century and is a Brakspear tied house.
The Crooked Billet, a free house, was built in 1642 and is reputed to have once been the hideout of notorious highwayman Dick Turpin, who was alleged to have been romantically attached to the landlord's daughter, Bess. It was England's first gastropub and was the venue for Titanic star Kate Winslet's wedding reception. In June 1989, the British progressive rock band Marillion played their first performance with Steve Hogarth as frontman at the Crooked Billet, and a documentary DVD entitled "From Stoke Row To Ipanema - A Year In The Life" was subsequently produced.
In the 1851 census the head of the household at No 1 Stoke Row was George Hope, who built "The Hope" public house. This was later known as "The Farmer" and today is known as Farmer's Cottage, located on the corner of Main Street with Nottwood Lane.
The village has a Church of England primary school.

</doc>
<doc id="20682619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682619" title="Percy Shaw Jeffrey">
Percy Shaw Jeffrey

Percy Shaw Jeffrey, FRGS (14 March 1862 Cheltenham, England– 22 February 1952) was a respected English schoolmaster and author of several books on a range of topics, including significant contributions towards the teaching of phonetics in schools. Jeffrey taught at a variety of schools before spending sixteen years as headmaster at Colchester Royal Grammar School. With his wife Alice, he retired first to South Africa, then to the town of Whitby, North Yorkshire, in 1916, where he spent his time between numerous trips to countries around the world.
Early life.
Percy Shaw Jeffrey grew up with his parents, Thomas Ashby Jeffrey, a chemist, and Mary Helen Jeffrey (née Sparrow), in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, and with his younger siblings Ada Constance, Russell Henry, Ethel Maude and Amy Louise. For three years from 1875, he attended Trent College, Long Eaton, where he rose to become "Head of the School, proxime accessit up for the Duke of Devonshire's Gold Medal, with first-class honours in the Cambridge Local, third in the list in Latin and distinguished in French".
Early teaching career.
Whilst reading for a maths scholarship at the University of Marburg, he was offered the chance to work at Trent College, unofficially, as first the headmaster's private secretary, and then as a teacher. Unfortunately, he was unable to win the Marburg scholarship in 1881, and, left unemployed after the death of the Headmaster the year after, he took up a post as a junior master at Emanuel School, Wandsworth, soon after its move to new premises. On 30 January 1884, he matriculated into the University of Oxford as a member of The Queen's College, where he completed a Bachelor of Arts in 1887 and was granted his MA in 1890. He was disappointed to receive a degree with only third-class honours, however, and was advised to put any ambition of teaching on hold—advice which he did not follow.
After a brief spell teaching at Christ's College, Finchley, for six months during 1887, Shaw Jeffrey became an assistant mathematics and science master at The Skinners' School, Royal Tunbridge Wells, whilst simultaneously studying for an Inter Bachelor of Science, with first class honours. Whilst at Skinners' he published words he had written for the school song, set to music by Cuthbert H. Cronk, which persist to the present day. Although it was not his initial intention, in 1893 he took up a post as private tutor to a student he had been coaching at The Skinners' School and travelled to Florida with him.
Upon his return and owing to a shortage of officers, a short diversion from his teaching duties during 1893 saw Shaw Jeffrey join the Volunteer battalion of the Royal West Kent Regiment. Unable to afford a new uniform (then costing £80), after a change in regiment apparel to a much more popular red-with-light-blue colour scheme, he was forced to resign his commission later that year.
In 1894 he took up another post, this time to become a holiday modern-languages tutor (a well paid position) to the son of Sir Thomas and Lady Glen-Coats, Thomas Glen-Coats, later to compete at the 1908 Olympics. Putting his schoolmaster plans aside, he travelled with them to France, and the next year to Germany, where both enrolled at the University of Marburg. Once Glen-Coats was "safely... installed at Merton College, Oxford," Shaw Jeffrey returned to the university to study for a Phil.Doc., but, shortly before completing the degree in 1897, he was persuaded by the Dean of Queen's College to take up a position at Clifton College, Bristol.
Headmaster at Colchester Royal Grammar School.
Having been an Assistant Master at the Clifton College for three years, he was offered a position as headmaster at a new school which was to be founded in Argentina by the educationalist Michael Ernest Sadler, but could not get the funding to travel there, instead he assumed the role of Headmaster at Colchester Royal Grammar School (known locally as CRGS). It is unclear exactly what date he can be said to have joined the school, because although agreement between the school and the governing legislature was reached in May 1899, the process of finding a new headmaster went on under the guidance of an interim one. Certainly, his official term as headmaster started on 1 September 1900 and by the end of 1900 he had already made his mark on the school—achievements included the introduction of a new school song, "Carmen Colcestriense", which used the same tune as, and a variation of the lyrics for, the school song of The Skinners' School. He retired his post as headmaster in 1916, but kept a lasting interest in the school.
During his 16-year stay at CRGS, student numbers increased from 29 to 180 boys under his guidance, particularly through the introduction of day pupils. Shaw Jeffrey is also credited with the introduction of many changes at the school, including the introduction of purple blazers, the setting up of the Old Colcestrian Society for former boys (and quite often honoured former masters), a preparatory school, a cadet corps, an orchestra, a bugle band and a series of school entertainments and theatrical performances, and the acquisition of several buildings on behalf of the school. He was a national pioneer of the teaching of modern European languages through phonetics, employed language teachers from Germany and France, and set up arrangements for foreign study during holidays.
Whilst at CRGS he founded the school magazine, "The Colcestrian", designed to relay information about the school to students, ex-students and parents on a regular basis. This ran for over sixty consecutive years, and has recently been restarted in a similar style. Even after he left the school, he wrote into the magazine, adding his own memories, thoughts and opinions on articles of news published. He often signed himself off as "J", "an abbreviation that was and is commonly used in reference to him" throughout his time at CRGS and as synonymous with the man himself that it could be used for an article about his death in the local newspaper.
In recognition of his achievements at the school, a school house was named after him in 1950. The change from "School House" to "Shaw Jeffrey's House" completed a quartet that had featured three other notable headmasters of the school since Shaw Jeffrey himself introduced the four-house system in 1908. The house is still informally known by students as "J's". Another tribute, a painting of him by Frank Daniell, a Colchester artist, was presented to him on his retirement by the Governors of CRGS and members of the Old Colcestrian Society and a replica was initially to be hung in the school hall;. it was, however, the replica that was taken by Shaw Jeffrey and the original hung in the school, where it remains.
Visits to Borley Rectory.
Shaw Jeffrey was the first known witness of what was later deemed to be paranormal activity at Borley Rectory. In 1885 he spent time at the rectory with his friend Henry (Harry) Bull with whom he was studying at Oxford, during which he experienced "lots of small adventures at the Rectory. Stones falling about, my boots found on top of the wardrobe, etc." He also stated that he had seen the nun who was supposed to haunt the rectory several times and had often heard the ghostly coach during the night. In his view, however, the most striking of the phenomena, which he later recounted to the researcher and author on the subject Harry Price, was the loss of a French dictionary which was later thrown on the floor of his bedroom in the night.
Price regarded Shaw Jeffrey's testimonies as an "important contribution to the evidence for the early haunting of Borley Rectory", and used them in many of the studies which made the rectory famous in 1937. However, due to the time difference been events and their reporting over 50 years later, they have been challenged as unreliable.
Publications.
Shaw Jeffrey was particularly at home with modern languages, having become fluent in both French and German in the 1890s, and lectured on the topic and how it should be taught–phonetically, in his opinion. Later on, he authored more works relating to education, including the "Work and Progress Record Book" (Arnold) and "The Schools of England" (Ed. J. Burrow). He was also a contributor to the "Argosy" and other London periodicals, including the "English Illustrated Magazine", "Longmans" and the "Boy's Own Paper".
His first book, however, came with "Useful Facts in Physiology" (Educational Supply Association) in 1889. Later, having settled down at CRGS, he used his spare time to publish "Elementary German Words and Phrases for Red Cross Workers" and "Elementary French Words and Phrases for Red Cross Workers" (both Hachette) in 1914. They were endorsed by Queen Alexandra and spawned over 50,000 copies. Over the course of his life he adapted and authored several foreign-language works for English audiences, namely:
In 1923 he published another non-fiction book, "Whitby Lore and Legend", having retired to Whitby via South Africa. "A Schoolmaster's Apologia: Memories of Eighty Years" was his collection of memoirs, published by Abbey Press, Whitby, in 1948. His time at CRGS is documented in his 1948 collaboration, "Some Chapters in the History of the Royal Grammar School Colchester", with the one time Mayor of Colchester, Sir William Gurney Benham, who was a personal friend of Shaw Jeffrey and first President of the Old Colcestrian Society.
After retirement, Shaw Jeffrey could also give time to his love of travelling, and authored a number of related titles. "Round the World with an Empress" and "Round the world with the 'Empress of Britain'" (both Ed. J. Burrow) were accounts of the trips he made while lecturing on board the liners of Canadian Pacific Railway during the British winter; a series dubbed "The Little Travel Books" (Horne) documented others of his travels, and grew out of articles he wrote for the "Whitby Gazette". They included:
A selection of these books he later sent to Princess Elizabeth and Princess Margaret, who were said to have enjoyed them.
Later life and death.
On 13 August 1901, only shortly after becoming headmaster at CRGS, Shaw Jeffrey married his wife Alice, whom he had met on a Mediterranean cruise, and who stayed at the school throughout his time there. On his retirement, they moved to South Africa, where he did "valuable works on the Press for the Allied cause". From 1914 onwards they also had possession of Whitby's Bagdale Old Hall, built in 1530, as a residence, and eventually took residence there on his return from South Africa, though they were often away travelling.
Despite retirement from any sort of career, Shaw Jeffrey maintained that he "had no intention of leading an idle life" and was variously an inspector and examiner for both the University of Cambridge and the University of London and an assessor for all of Cambridge's French papers for five years after the introduction of the higher certificate. He was also an occasional inspector in modern languages for the Board of Education and deputised as professor of French at the University of Durham while the professor himself was incapacitated due to illness. He was an assessor of all modern language papers set at Durham for five years. He continued to fill in positions inspecting in Spanish and Italian, despite only having learned the languages during his travels.
Although he spent barely 10 or 12 weeks in any one year in Whitby, he was still attached to it. Shortly before his death he published "A Haunt of Ancient Peace", a history of Bagdale Old Hall (with Sir D'Arcy Power, KBE), and also made several large donations: £3000 to Whitby Parish Church, £2000 to the museum and £500 to the Whitby Literary and Philosophy Society.
Shaw Jeffrey died on Friday, 22 February 1952, leaving Alice as a widow. The couple had just celebrated their golden wedding anniversary, a fact reported in the Essex County Standard, along with a short obituary, and an overview of the latest Old Colcestrian annual meeting (held only a day after his death), at which a variety of tributes had been paid. The article describes him as "one of Colchester's most famous headmasters" and one with "tons of personality." His death was particularly poignant for members of CRGS, for it came two days before a World War Two war memorial, for which he and his wife had contributed the majority of the money, was to be unveiled and dedicated. On her death, his wife left their house in Whitby to the Whitby Literary and Philosophy Society, though efforts to turn it into a museum were ultimately unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="20682624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682624" title="Cynarctina">
Cynarctina

Cynarctina is an extinct hypocarnivorous canine sub-tribe clade of "Borophaginae" (Bear-dog). "Cynarctina" lived during the Hemingfordian stage of Early Miocene through Clarendonian stage of the Middle Miocene 20.6—10.3 Ma, existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
Cynarctina was named by Wang et al. (1999). It was assigned to Borophagini by Wang et al. (1999).
Physical characteristics.
Cynarctines feature the most dention having tubercles or rounded cusps on the molar teeth known among canids. "Metatomarctus", "Euoplocyon", "Psalidocyon", "Microtomarctus", "Protomarctus", and "Tephrocyon" (the next series of taxa) are of medium size and occupy a sequence having projections resembling the teeth of a comb and have a rather diverse dentition. These include the most hypercarnivorous borophagine "Euoplocyon", the peculiarly distinct "Psalidocyon", and the dwarf lineage "Microtomarctus". 

</doc>
<doc id="20682625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682625" title="Osterloh">
Osterloh

Osterloh is a surname.
Prominent persons with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20682632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682632" title="Charles Gordon (Royal Navy officer)">
Charles Gordon (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Charles Gordon, CB (c. 1781 – 3 October 1860) was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the nineteenth century. Gordon's most notable action was the Action of 18 September 1810, when he was seriously wounded in battle and his frigate HMS "Ceylon" captured by the French frigate "Vénus". Gordon was recaptured by Commodore Josias Rowley the following day and later took part in the capture of Île de France. This was the second occasion on which Gordon had been captured, but he had also distinguished himself in operations against Persian Gulf pirates in the campaign of 1809 and was flag captain at the capture of Île de France in December 1810. His later career was unremarkable, although he eventually rose to become an admiral and was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath before his death in 1860.
Military career.
Charles Gordon joined the Royal Navy in June 1796 as a midshipman and by later advanced to become a commander in the sloop HMS "St Lucia". In 1807 he was captured but was exchanged soon afterwards and made a post captain in command of HMS "Caroline", which he commanded in the Indian Ocean, operating against pirates in the Persian Gulf during the campaign of 1809: At Ras al-Khaymah in November 1809, "Caroline" destroyed or captured 80 pirate vessels. Shortly after the operations in the Persian Gulf, Gordon took command of the Indian built frigate HMS "Ceylon" and continued operating in the Indian Ocean, based at Madras.
In September 1810, word reached Madras that the British force that was blockading the French island of Île de France had been destroyed at the Battle of Grand Port and its commander Josias Rowley was in desperate need of reinforcement. Sailing south to join Rowley, "Ceylon" visited Port Napoleon on Île de France in the hope of meeting Rowley there. Instead he found the large French frigate "Vénus" and the corvette "Victor" under the command of Commodore Jacques Hamelin. The French ships chased "Ceylon" westwards towards Île Bourbon and caught her on 17 September within sight of Saint Denis. In a series of bitterly contested engagements during the night, "Ceylon" was battered and defeated, the badly wounded Gordon surrendering to Hamelin, but only after inflicting significant damage to his flagship. Gordon was taken aboard the French ship and was thus freed when Rowley chased and captured Hamelin's ship on 18 September. At the eventual court martial into his conduct in the action, Gordon was honourably acquitted.
Although badly wounded in the action, Gordon was made captain of HMS "Africaine", which later served as Admiral Albemarle Bertie's flagship in the successful invasion of Île de France. In the aftermath of the campaign, Gordon was sent back to Britain and despite living another 50 years and remaining in the Navy throughout, he never again served at sea. He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath and gradually rose through the retired ranks, becoming a vice-admiral in 1853, and a full admiral prior to his death in October 1860 aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="20682654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682654" title="Arena Națională">
Arena Națională

The National Arena () is a football stadium in Bucharest, Romania, in the Lia Manoliu National Sports Complex. It is replacing the former National Stadium, which was completed in 1953.
It was built for the Romania national football team, therefore is hosting its games, as well as the Romanian Cup Final and the Romanian Supercup. The 2012 UEFA Europa League Final was held at the new stadium. This was the first final of a major European football club competition hosted by Romania.
Construction.
The old stadium was demolished between December 18, 2007 and February 20, 2008, although a symbolic removal of seats took place on November 21, 2007, after Romania defeated Albania 6-1 in a qualifying match for Euro 2008.
The construction phase generated some controversy over costs and delays, with Bucharest mayor Sorin Oprescu claiming that the works were 20 weeks behind schedule in May 2009.
On October 8, 2009, it was decided that the stadium should also include a retractable roof worth €20,000,000.
Construction was temporarily halted in December 2009 due to unfavorable weather conditions.
Facilities.
The venue holds 55,611 people. 3,600 VIP seats are available, with another 126 seats allotted for the press (with a possible expansion to 548 seats). The stadium includes some 360 restrooms and a retractable roof, which can be opened or closed in 15 minutes. It is also endowed with a floodlight system and 2100 parking spaces. 
Usage.
The National Stadium is a Category 4 venue and as such, it hosted the UEFA Europa League 2011–12 final, as announced by UEFA at Nyon on January 29, 2009. It was required to host at least two major events beginning in July 2011, one with an attendance of 10,000 and the second with an attendance of at least 40,000.
History.
The official inauguration was initially scheduled for August 10, 2011, and was to feature a football match between Romania and Argentina. 
However on 26 July, Argentina officially cancelled the friendly match after their coach was fired, so the stadium was inaugurated on September 6, 2011, with a UEFA Euro 2012 Group D qualifier match between Romania and France. The game ended 0–0 in front of a crowd of 49,137.
Notable high audience matches.
The highest audience for a football game was achieved at the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match between Romania and Netherlands, hosted on 16 October 2012, which brought 53,329 people to the stadium.
The 2nd highest audience was achieved at the UEFA Europa League Final hosted on 9 May 2012. The game between two Spanish teams, Atlético Madrid and Athletic Bilbao, brought 52,347 people to the stadium.
Transport.
The stadium is served by public transport with buses, trolleybuses, trams and the subway system. 

</doc>
<doc id="20682659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682659" title="Chanson réaliste">
Chanson réaliste

Chanson réaliste, or realist song, refers to a style of music performed in France primarily from the 1880s until the end of World War II. Influenced by literary realism and the naturalist movements in literature and theatre, "chanson réaliste" dealt with the lives of Paris's poor and working-class. 
"Chanson réaliste" was a musical style that was mainly performed by women; some of the more commonly known performers of the genre include Édith Piaf and Fréhel.
Origins and influences.
"Chanson réaliste" grew out of the "cafés-concerts" and cabarets of the Montmartre district of Paris during the 1880s. Home to such theatrical landmarks as the Moulin Rouge, and Le Chat Noir, Montmartre became a centre for hedonistic and brazen entertainment from the late 19th century to the early 20th century.
Although the "chanson réaliste" was a musical genre dominated by female vocalists, one of its earliest performers—and credited by some as "the creator" or "the father" of genre—was cabaret singer and comedian Aristide Bruant. Bruant began a career at Le Chat Noir in 1885 and his vaudeville-inspired mix of song, satire and entertainment became very popular with the bourgeoisie slumming in the poorer Montmartre district. His compositions were also different in that they included the everyday language and slang used by the commoners.
Borrowing elements of the "comédie en vaudeville", the "chanteuses réalistes" (realist singers ) often wore black dresses, red lipstick and white face makeup—their faces highlighted with stark lighting, set against a modest, almost bare backdrop—all done to draw audiences' attention to the singers' emotive facial expressions.
In contrast to the picturesque "chanson" which was popular in post-World War II France—with its songs of love, cobbled Parisian streets, and the sound of the accordion—the "chanteuses réalistes" sang songs of loss, hopelessness and abandonment; their songs dealt with life in the poorer Parisian faubourgs, and the thugs, pimps, prostitutes, and orphans who called them home; its themes of poverty and the criminal underworld, as well as its sociopolitical commentary, were influenced by the works of such literary realists and naturalist writers as Émile Zola, Jean Richepin and Paul Bourget.
The performers.
The "chanson réaliste" sentimentalised the plight of poor and dispossessed women, such as prostitutes, waitresses, failed singers in cheap bars, orphans, single mothers and the like. Some of the performers of the genre were also known to have lived the part—both Édith Piaf and Fréhel sang in the streets as children, were teenage mothers and lost their children very young—and many shortened their lives with drugs, alcohol and illness: Yvonne George lived an excessive lifestyle and died at the age of 34; Fréhel became an alcoholic at an early age, attempted suicide at 19 and eventually died in poverty; Piaf suffered from addictions to morphine and alcohol and died of cancer.
However, given the dramatic and melancholy aspects of "chanson réaliste", the withered and diseased aspect of their appearance became an integral part of the show. Piaf, for example, was known for her waif-like stage presence and became tightly identified with her role; she was, however, critical of the style: 
Another common theme of the "chanson réaliste" was motherhood, particularly the mother-son relationship; such songs were a speciality of the singer Berthe Sylva, whose songs dealt with such topics as dying mothers, mothers worrying about their sons at war, sons placing flowers on a mother's grave, and songs about the mundane experiences of a bored housewife. 
Other women known for performing in the "chanson réaliste" style include:

</doc>
<doc id="20682662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682662" title="Big Schloss">
Big Schloss

Big Schloss is a peak in the Great North Mountain range of the Ridge and Valley Appalachians, with an elevation of . The peak is located in George Washington National Forest on the border of Virginia and West Virginia, though according to Topozone, the actual summit is in Virginia. The trail is part of the Lee Ranger District. It features a rocky outcropping of white sandstone with expansive views into Trout Run Valley in West Virginia and Little Schloss Mountain in Virginia.
German settlers gave Big Schloss its name. Schloss means castle in German, and it is reference to the rocky outcrop. German was the common language in the area for several years.
A number of hiking trails lead to Big Schloss. Hikers may ascend from Wolf Gap via the Mill Mountain trail, or a circuit hike coming from FDR Rt. 92. The Potomac Appalachian Trail Club maintains the trails leading up to Big Schloss. A bridge provides access to the Big Schloss rock outcropping. In the Fall of 2010, the bridge was replaced with new stairs, 20' of new handrails, and two new concrete abutments.

</doc>
<doc id="20682664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682664" title="Dermot Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo">
Dermot Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo

Dermot Robert Wyndham Bourke, 7th Earl of Mayo KP PC (I) (2 July 1851 – 31 December 1927) was an Irish peer, styled Lord Naas from 1867 to 1872. He succeeded as Earl of Mayo on the death of his father Richard Bourke, 6th Earl of Mayo in 1872. He was appointed a Knight of the Order of St Patrick on 3 February 1905.
He was one of the four landlord representatives during the 1902 Land Conference. Between 1921 and 1922 he served in the Senate of Southern Ireland. He was nominated by W. T. Cosgrave to the Seanad of the Irish Free State on its formation in 1922. He was nominated for 12 years and served until his death in 1927.
His wife, Geraldine Sarah Ponsonby (d. November 29, 1944), was the granddaughter of John Ponsonby, 4th Earl of Bessborough, and the great-granddaughter of George Coventry, 8th Earl of Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="20682666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682666" title="Elena Dementieva">
Elena Dementieva

Elena Viatcheslavovna Dementieva (, ; born 15 October 1981) is a retired Russian tennis player. Dementieva won the singles gold medal at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, having previously won the silver medal at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney. She won 16 WTA singles titles, reached the finals of the 2004 French Open and 2004 US Open and reached seven other Grand Slam semi finals. Dementieva was also part of the Russian team that won the 2005 Fed Cup, won the 2002 WTA Championship doubles with Janette Husárová and was the runner-up in two US Open doubles finals – in 2002 with Husárová and in 2005 with Flavia Pennetta. Dementieva achieved a career-high ranking of World No. 3, which was accomplished on 6 April 2009. She announced her retirement on 29 October 2010, after her final match at the 2010 WTA Tour Championships. Dementieva ended her career ranked World No. 9 and between 2003 and 2010 she only ended one year, in 2007, outside the top 10.
Early and personal life.
Dementieva was born in Moscow to Viatcheslav, an electrical engineer, and Vera, a teacher—both recreational tennis players. She was rejected by Dynamo Sports Club and the Central Red Army Tennis Club at the age of 7, before enrolling at Spartak Tennis Club, where she was coached for 3 years by Rauza Islanova, the mother of Marat Safin and Dinara Safina. She then moved to the Central Red Army Club with Sergei Pashkov, when she was 11. She was later coached by her mother Vera and her older brother Vsevolod. She has homes in Monaco, Moscow and Boca Raton, Florida. Dementieva enjoys snowboarding, reading, baseball and traveling. On 16 July 2011, Dementieva married hockey player Maxim Afinogenov in Moscow.
Tennis career.
Early career.
Dementieva played and won her first international tournament, Les Petits As, in France at the age of 13. In 1997, she entered the WTA top 500. She turned professional in 1998 and entered the top 100 in 1999.
1999–2002: Professional debut.
In 1999, Dementieva represented Russia in the Fed Cup final against the United States, scoring Russia's only point when she upset Venus Williams 1–6, 6–3, 7–6(5), recovering from a 4–1 third set deficit. She played her first Grand Slam main draws, qualifying for the Australian Open, French Open and Wimbledon, along with receiving a direct entry into the US Open. She reached the second round at the Australian Open and French Open, made a first round exit at Wimbledon and reached the third round of the US Open. In 2000, she entered the top 20 by winning more than 40 singles matches for the second straight year and earned more than U.S. $600,000. She became the first woman from Russia to reach the US Open semifinals in singles, where she lost to Lindsay Davenport. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, Dementieva won the silver medal, losing to Venus Williams in the gold medal match 6–2, 6–4. In 2000, Dementieva was named the WTA tour's Most Improved Player.
2001 was the second straight year in which Dementieva finished in the WTA's top 20. During the year, she became the top-ranked Russian player, a position previously held by Anna Kournikova since December 1997. Dementieva, however, suffered a shoulder injury in Australia. To keep playing matches, she altered her serve, adding slice and changing her motion. After her shoulder healed, her service motion stayed the same. She had double faulted as many as 19 times in a match and hit 50 mph first and second serves. In 2002, Dementieva and her partner Janette Husárová of Slovakia reached the final of the US Open and won the year-ending WTA Tour Championships. In singles, Dementieva defeated a top ranked player for the first time, beating world No. 1 Martina Hingis 6–2, 6–2 in a quarterfinal in Moscow. Dementieva reached the final of that tournament, losing to Jelena Dokić.
2003: Top ten debut.
Dementieva played the most tournaments among year-end top 10 players (27) and won US$869,740 in prize money. At the Bausch & Lomb Championships in Amelia Island, Florida, she won her first WTA Tour title, defeating Amanda Coetzer, World No. 9 Daniela Hantuchová, World No. 4 Justine Henin and World No. 5 Lindsay Davenport. Dementieva was the lowest seed (10th) to win the tournament in its 24-year history. She also won back-to-back titles in Bali and Shanghai, defeating Chanda Rubin in both finals. Dementieva finished the year in the top 10 for the first time (World No. 8). In addition, she reached the semifinals of the Wimbledon doubles with compatriot Lina Krasnoroutskaya, beating the Venus and Serena Williams team along the way.
2004: First Grand Slam final.
Dementieva's breakthrough year was 2004. In Miami, she defeated Venus Williams in the quarterfinals and Nadia Petrova in the semifinals. Dementieva then lost to the top-seeded and two-time defending champion Serena Williams 6–1, 6–1. On 5 April, she reached her highest singles ranking at sixth in the world. With fifth-ranked Anastasia Myskina and ninth-ranked Petrova, it was the first time that three Russians appeared in the Women's Tennis Association top 10 simultaneously.
In May at the French Open, Dementieva reached her first Grand Slam final, defeating former top ranked Lindsay Davenport in the fourth round, Amélie Mauresmo in the quarterfinals and Paola Suárez in the semifinals, all in straight sets. Dementieva lost to compatriot Myskina in the first all-Russian Grand Slam final, 6–1, 6–2. In the match, Dementieva had ten double faults as her serve disintegrated. She summed up her performance by saying: "I just don't know how to serve". Previous female Russian Grand Slam finalists had been: Dementieva's coach at the time, Olga Morozova, at 1974's French Open and Wimbledon, followed by Natalia Zvereva at the 1988 French Open.
Later that year at the US Open, after first round losses at Wimbledon to Sandra Kleinová and the 2004 Summer Olympics to eventual bronze-medalist Alicia Molik, Dementieva reached her second Grand Slam final, defeating Mauresmo and Jennifer Capriati en route, both in third set tie-breaks. Countrywoman Svetlana Kuznetsova defeated Dementieva in straight sets in the final, becoming the third consecutive Russian Grand Slam winner. Following the US Open, Dementieva won her first title in Hasselt and reached the Moscow finals for the second time, losing to Myskina.
2005–2006: Continued form.
In 2005, Dementieva reached six semifinals, the most important being at the US Open. She also reached the final in Charleston, losing to Justine Henin, and Philadelphia, losing to Amélie Mauresmo despite serving for the match at 5–4 in the third set. In the quarterfinals of the US Open, Dementieva defeated top ranked Lindsay Davenport 6–1, 3–6, 7–6(6) for her second victory over a current No. 1 player. In the semifinals, she lost to Mary Pierce 3–6, 6–2, 6–2. The momentum of the match with Pierce changed in Pierce's favor when, with Dementieva up a set, Pierce received 12 minutes of on-court medical treatment. Partnering Flavia Pennetta of Italy, Dementieva reached her second doubles final at the US Open.
Following the US Open, Dementieva helped Russia repeat as Fed Cup champions, beating France 3–2 in the final. All three points came from Dementieva, as she avenged her loss to Pierce at the US Open, beat Mauresmo, and then won the deciding doubles match with partner Dinara Safina. At the WTA Tour Championships, Dementieva lost all three round robin matches against Mauresmo, Pierce, and Kim Clijsters with the same score each time: 6–2, 6–3.
After losing to Kim Clijsters in an exhibition in Hong Kong, she lost in the first round of the Australian Open to Julia Schruff. But immediately following that tournament, Dementieva won her first Tier I event, the Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo. On the run to the title, she defeated Katarina Srebotnik, Nicole Vaidišová, and Anastasia Myskina, all in three sets. She then defeated the resurgent Martina Hingis, with Hingis saying after the match, "If she played like that all the time, she'd win Grand Slams". At the Pacific Life Open, despite double faulting 79 times in six matches, Dementieva reached the final. She defeated rising stars Sania Mirza, Ana Ivanovic, and Li Na along the way. Dementieva then upset Justine Henin in a semifinal 2–6, 7–5, 7–5. The victory was her fourth three set match of the tournament, and fatigue contributed to her 6–1, 6–2 loss to Maria Sharapova in the final.
At the French Open she was upset in the third round by Shahar Pe'er 6–4, 7–5. On grass, Dementieva reached the s'Hertogenbosch semifinals, losing to Michaëlla Krajicek despite holding a match point. Dementieva then reached her first Wimbledon quarter-final before losing to fourth seeded Sharapova 6–1, 6–4. In August, Dementieva won the tournament in Los Angeles by defeating Jelena Janković in the final 6–3, 4–6, 6–4. En route to her sixth career title, she defeated everyone who had beaten (or, in the case of the US Open, would beat) her at the 2006 Grand Slam tournaments – Schruff in the second round, Peer in the third round, Sharapova in a semifinal (for the first time since 2003), and Janković in the final.
At the 2006 US Open, Dementieva reached the quarterfinals for the fourth time, losing to Janković 6–2, 6–1. The three games she won were all breaks of serve. Dementieva remarked afterwards, "Yeah, it is disappointing, you know. I'm getting older, and I haven't won a Grand Slam, so that's really what I'm thinking about all the time. I feel like I was in a good shape here. That's why it's sad". [http://www.usopen.org/en_US/news/interviews/2006-09-05/200609051157491850390.html]. She relinquished to Sharapova, who won the tournament, the distinction of being the Russian player to have won the most career prize money. Dementieva qualified for the year-ending WTA Tour Championships for the seventh straight time, the only active player to do so. She lost to all three players in her round robin group: Sharapova 6–1, 6–4; Svetlana Kuznetsova 7–5, 6–3; and Clijsters 6–4, 6–0. Her career win-loss record at this tournament fell to 3–14. She had lost her last nine matches played there.
2007: Dropping out of the top 10.
Dementieva won two titles, reached three semifinals and five quarterfinals, and reached the fourth round at the Australian Open. After her first semifinal of the year at the Tier I Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo, Dementieva suffered a rib fracture in Antwerp and was off the tour for nine weeks, leaving the top 10 in April for the first time in nearly four years. Dementieva won her fourth event back on tour at the Tier III event in Istanbul, her first career singles title on red clay. She was upset in the third round of the French Open by Marion Bartoli the following week. Three weeks later, she lost to Bartoli again in the quarterfinals of the tournament in Eastbourne, East Sussex 6–1, 6–0. At the J&S Cup in Warsaw, she lost to Venus Williams. She lost in the third round of Wimbledon to Tamira Paszek 3–6, 6–2, 6–3. During the North American summer hard court season, she reached the semifinals of the tournaments in San Diego and New Haven, Connecticut and the quarterfinals of the tournament in Los Angeles, but lost early at the Tier I Rogers Cup in Toronto and at the US Open. By the end of the summer, Dementieva had fallen to World No. 20, her lowest ranking since 2002.
In the fall, Dementieva reached two successive quarterfinals in Beijing and Stuttgart. At the latter event, Dementieva defeated Amélie Mauresmo and Daniela Hantuchová before losing to World No. 1 Justine Henin in the quarterfinals. In the final of the Tier I Kremlin Cup in Moscow, Dementieva, being unseeded, defeated Serena Williams for the first time in her career. Winning the title in Moscow returned Dementieva to the top 10 at World No. 10 for one week. Her first round loss at the Zurich Open the following week, however, caused her ranking to fall to World No. 11. 2007 was the first year since 2002 that Dementieva did not finish the year in the top 10 and the first year since 1999 that she did not secure a spot at the year-end Sony Ericsson Championships.
2008: Resurgence.
At Dementieva's first tournament of the season, the Medibank International in Sydney, she lost in the first round to Sofia Arvidsson 6–1, 7–5. She then reached the fourth round of the Australian Open before losing to eventual champion Maria Sharapova 6–2, 6–0. Dementieva then travelled to Paris for the Tier II Open Gaz de France indoor tournament. She reached the semifinals before succumbing to seventh-seeded Ágnes Szávay from Hungary 6–3, 1–6, 7–5. Dementieva then won the Tier II, US$1.5 million Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships, defeating second-seeded compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova in the final. This was Dementieva's fourth career Tier II tournament title but her first since 2006. Along the way, she defeated Patty Schnyder, Alona Bondarenko, World No. 2 Ana Ivanovic, and Francesca Schiavone (who defeated World No. 1 and defending champion Justine Henin in the quarterfinals).
At the Tier I Sony Ericsson Open in Key Biscayne, Florida, Dementieva lost in the quarterfinals to Jelena Janković. This performance caused her ranking to rise to World No. 8. At the Tier I Family Circle Cup in Charleston, South Carolina, Dementieva lost in the semifinals to compatriot Vera Zvonareva dropping her ranking to World No. 9. Dementieva was the seventh-seeded player at the Tier I Qatar Telecom German Open in Berlin but reached the final, where she lost to 13th-seeded Dinara Safina. Dementieva defeated fourth-seeded Janković in the quarterfinals and second-seeded Ivanovic in the semifinals. Dementieva's win over Ivanovic was her fourth in four career matches with her.
Dementieva's next tournament was the İstanbul Cup in Istanbul, Turkey, where Dementieva was the top seed and defending champion. She reached the final but was unsuccessful in her attempt to win a singles title at the same tournament in consecutive years, which would have been a career first. Agnieszka Radwańska of Poland defeated Dementieva in the final. At the French Open, Dementieva defeated eleventh-seeded Zvonareva in the fourth round 6–4, 1–6, 6–2, but lost her quarterfinal match against Safina 4–6, 7–6(5), 6–0 after Dementieva had a match point while leading 5–2 in the second set.
At the grass court Ordina Open in 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands, Dementieva was the top-seeded player but lost in the semifinals to Safina 6–3, 6–2. Dementieva was seeded fifth at the Wimbledon. In the second round, she trailed Timea Bacsinszky 3–0 in the third set before winning the last six games of the match. In the fourth round, she defeated Israel's Shahar Pe'er to become the highest seeded woman left in the draw after the early round defeats of first seeded Ivanovic, second seeded Janković, third seeded Sharapova, and fourth seeded Kuznetsova. In the quarterfinals, Dementieva held on to defeat Russian compatriot Nadia Petrova 6–1, 6–7, 6–3 after Dementieva failed to hold serve while serving for the match in the second set at 5–1 and 5–3. In her first Wimbledon semifinal and her first Grand Slam semifinal since the 2005 US Open, Dementieva lost to eventual champion Venus Williams 6–1, 7–6(3).
Dementieva played three hard court tournaments during the summer and was seeded fifth at all three. She began her summer season by losing to Dominika Cibulková 6–4, 6–2 in the second round of the Tier I Rogers Cup in Montreal. At the Beijing Olympics, Dementieva was down a set and a break before defeating fourth-seeded Serena Williams in the quarterfinals 3–6, 6–4, 6–3. She then defeated compatriot Zvonareva in the semifinals and Safina in the three set final to win the gold medal.
At the US Open, Dementieva was one of six players with the opportunity to be ranked World No. 1 upon completion of the tournament. Dementieva defeated Schnyder in the quarterfinals but lost to Janković in the semifinals 6–4, 6–4. Dementieva was up a break in each set but committed 42 unforced errors and lost each of her last five service games. Nevertheless, her ranking improved to World No. 4 for the first time since 2004.
At the Tier I Toray Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo, Dementieva was seeded third and qualified for the year-ending Sony Ericsson Championships with a second-round victory against Alizé Cornet. However, she was upset in the quarterfinals by Katarina Srebotnik. At the Tier II Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart, Dementieva was seeded fourth. She easily won her first match by defeating Sybille Bammer 6–1, 6–4, but was upset in the quarterfinals by Victoria Azarenka 7–6(6), 3–6, 6–1. Defending her title at the Kremlin Cup, Dementieva was seeded third. She defeated Katarina Srebotnik in the second round and Nadia Petrova in the quarterfinals. In the semifinals, she faced Jelena Janković. She won the first set easily 6–0, but only managed to win one game after that, losing the next two sets 6–1, 6–0. She committed 31 unforced errors in the second and third set. She won her next event though, the Fortis Championships Luxembourg, defeating Caroline Wozniacki in three sets in the final.
At the WTA Tour Championships held in Doha, Qatar, Dementieva was seeded fourth. In her first round robin match, she lost her first match to Venus Williams, before defeating Dinara Safina in the second. After Serena Williams withdrew from the tournament, Dementieva played Nadia Petrova and defeated her to reach the knock-out stage. In the semifinals, she lost to Vera Zvonareva 7–6(7), 3–6, 6–3.
2009: Career-high no. 3 ranking.
Dementieva began her season by winning the ASB Classic in Auckland, New Zealand. Seeded first, she reached the final where she defeated unseeded Elena Vesnina in the final in straight sets. The following week at the Medibank International in Sydney, Dementieva defeated Agnieszka Radwańska in the quarterfinals and upset top-seeded Serena Williams in the semifinals 6–3, 6–1. She then won her second consecutive tournament by defeating compatriot and second-seeded Dinara Safina in the final.
Dementieva was seeded fourth at the Australian Open and was one of three players who had a chance of being ranked World No. 1 at the end of this tournament. Dementieva's 15-match winning streak ended in the semifinals when she lost to Serena Williams 6–3, 6–4 after Dementieva had led 3–0 in the second set.
Playing for Russia in Fed Cup in Moscow, Dementieva defeated Zhang Shuai 6–3, 6–0, helping Russia to an emphatic 5–0 win over the Chinese.
At the Open GDF Suez tournament in Paris, Dementieva advanced to her third final of the year. Amélie Mauresmo then defeated Dementieva in the final in three sets. At the Premier 5 Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships, Dementieva became the 27th woman during the open era to record 500 career singles victories after defeating Sybille Bammer in the first round. She lost however to Venus Williams in the quarterfinals 6–3, 6–3.
Dementieva's next tournament was the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, California, which was the first Premier Mandatory event of the year. After receiving a bye in the first round, she was upset by the Czech Republic's Petra Cetkovská 7–6(2), 2–6, 6–1. At the Sony Ericsson Open in Key Biscayne, Florida, another Premier Mandatory event, Dementieva was seeded fourth but committed 45 unforced errors while losing to 13th seeded Caroline Wozniacki in the fourth round 7–5, 6–4. Despite the loss, she achieved her highest career singles ranking of World No. 3. By reaching the Top 3, she became the sixth Russian to do so.
Dementieva began the spring clay court season at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston, South Carolina, a Premier event on the tour. She lost there in the semifinals Wozniacki 6–4, 5–7, 7–5 in a nearly three hour match. Dementieva survived a 2–5 deficit in the second set and saved three consecutive match points on her own serve at 3–5 in that set. At the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart, Germany, another Premier event, she reached her second consecutive semifinal where she lost to the eventual champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 6–4, 6–2. Dementieva was seeded 3rd for the 2009 Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open but was upset by former world no. 1 Amélie Mauresmo in the third round by 1–6, 6–4, 6–2. At the French Open, Dementieva lost to Samantha Stosur in the third round, 6–3, 4–6, 6–1.
As preparation for Wimbledon, Dementieva took part at the Aegon International in Eastbourne. Seeded first, she was upset in the second round by the eventual finalist Virginie Razzano 6–0, 3–6, 7–6(4). Seeded 4th at Wimbledon, Dementieva easily reached the semi-final dropping only 20 games en route. In her second consecutive Wimbledon semi-final, Dementieva played out a thriller against the No. 2 seed and eventual champion Serena Williams. In a high quality contest, Dementieva held a single match point at 5–4 in the third set but eventually lost the match 6–7(4), 7–5, 8–6 in the longest Wimbledon semifinal of the open era. The match was widely heralded as the best women's match of 2009.
In the lead up to the U.S. Open, Dementieva took part in three tournaments. At the Bank of the West Classic in Stanford, California, she advanced to the semi-final defeating Daniela Hantuchová en route. In the semis, Dementieva was crushed by Venus Williams 6–0, 6–1. At the Western & Southern Financial Group Women's Open in Cincinnati, she defeated Yanina Wickmayer and Caroline Wozniacki to reach the semifinal. In a bizarre match, Dementieva the fell to Jelena Janković, 6–7(2), 6–0, 6–7(6), despite leading 6–2 in the final set tiebreak having already saved three match points herself prior. At the Rogers Cup in Toronto, Dementieva defeated Serena Williams 7–6(2), 6–1 to reach her fourth final of the year. In the final, she defeated an unseeded Maria Sharapova 6–4, 6–3 in the final to win her third title of the year and 14th of her career. As a result of her performances in these three tournaments, Dementieva secured the US Open Series crown. Entering the US Open as one of the favourites, Dementieva suffered a shock loss to the World No. 70 Melanie Oudin, 5–7, 6–4, 6–3.
In 2009 after the US Open, Elena was awarded the Order of Honour by the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev at the Kremlin in Moscow. The Order of Honor is awarded to Russian citizens for high achievements in government, economic production, scientific research, sociocultural, public and charitable activities which essentially made it possible to improve conditions of life in the country, for merits in training highly skilled personnel, training the growing up generation, and the maintenance of legality and law. The Order of Honor is worn on the left side of the chest; when other orders of the Russian Federation are present, it is located after orders awarded for military merits.
On 14 September, Dementieva became one of eight women to qualify for the Sony Ericsson Championships in Doha, Qatar. At the Premier 5 Toray Pan Pacific Open, she lost in the second round to Kateryna Bondarenko 6–2, 6–7(2), 6–1. Dementieva's next tournament was the Premier Mandatory China Open. She defeated Li Na on her way to the quarter-finals before losing in straight sets to Agnieszka Radwańska.
At the year-ending Sony Ericsson Championships in Doha, Qatar, Dementieva won her first round robin match in the Maroon group against Venus after trailing 3–6, 1–3 in the second set by 3–6, 7–6(6), 6–2. She then suffered two consecutive losses, to Serena in her second round robin match by 2–6, 4–6, then to Svetlana Kuznetsova, by 3–6, 2–6. Because of this, she failed to reach to the semi-finals.
Dementieva finished 2009 as the world number 5, one spot lower from 2008 year end ranking. The highlights of her career this year included winning Auckland, Sydney and Toronto and reaching the semis at the Australian Open and Wimbledon.
2010: Final year.
Dementieva began the year representing Russia in the Hopman Cup partnering Igor Andreev. She lost her opening match in the Round Robin stage to Sabine Lisicki before defeating Yaroslava Shvedova and Laura Robson. However, Russia failed to make the final as they finished third in group B.
Dementieva's first tournament and tour title of the year came at the Medibank International, where she was also the defending champion. She defeated world no. 1 Serena Williams 6–3 6–2 in the final, successfully defending her title. En route to the final she defeated fellow Russian and world no. 2 Dinara Safina as well as the world no. 6 Victoria Azarenka, in the quarter-finals and semi-finals respectively, winning in straight sets on both occasions. She is the first woman since Martina Hingis in 2001 and 2002 to win the Medibank International in consecutive years.
Dementieva was seeded fifth at the Australian Open, the first Grand Slam event of the year. She defeated Vera Dushevina of Russia in the 1st round. In the second round she lost to wild card, former World No. 1, and eventual finalist Justine Henin of Belgium, 5–7, 6–7 (6), despite having 2 set points in the first set, and one set point at 6–5 in the second set tie-break.
Dementieva's next tournament was the Open GDF Suez in Paris where she advanced to the final for the second consecutive year. In her second final of the year, she came from a set down to defeat Lucie Šafářová 6–7(5), 6–1, 6–4.
Dementieva was then the fifth seed at the Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships in Dubai. She retired against Daniela Hantuchová in the second round because of shoulder injury while trailing 6–4, 1–1. Dementieva then played at the inaugural Malaysian Open in Kuala Lumpur. Seeded first, she advanced to her third final of the year where she fell in straight sets to Alisa Kleybanova, 6–3, 6–2.
Dementieva then took part in the Premier Mandatory events in North America. At the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, Dementieva lost to Agnieszka Radwańska in the quarterfinals, 6–4, 6–3. The following week at the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami, she lost in the second Round to Justine Henin, 6–3, 6–2.
Dementieva represented Russia in the semifinal round of the 2010 Fed Cup against the United States. She defeated Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Melanie Oudin in her two singes matches. In the deciding doubles match, Dementieva and Alla Kudryavtseva fell to Mattek-Sands and Liezel Huber 6–3, 6–1.
At the Internazionali BNL d'Italia, where Dementieva was the sixth seed, she lost in the third round to a resurgent Ana Ivanovic for the first time, 6–1, 7–6(5). She then played at the Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open, where she defeated Aleksandra Wozniak in the first round, 6–0, 6–1. She lost to Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania in the second round 6–1, 3–6, 7–5 even after serving for the match. Despite the loss, Dementieva managed to be the Russian No.1 for the first time in her career.
Dementieva's next tournament was the Warsaw Open. As a second seed and receiving a bye in the first round, she lost to Tsvetana Pironkova in a nearly 3-hour match, 5–7, 6–4, 4–6.
Dementieva was the fifth seed at the French Open. She defeated Petra Martić of Croatia in the first round 6–1, 6–1 and Anabel Medina Garrigues in the second round 6–2, 7–6. Despite clear injuries, she managed to come from a set down and breaks down in the second and third sets to defeat Aleksandra Wozniak in the third round and ran past Chanelle Scheepers in the fourth round. She booked her place in the semi-finals of the tournament, where she faced Italian 17th seed Francesca Schiavone, after comeback from a set down to win over compatriot Nadia Petrova in the quarterfinals. She retired after Schiavone won the first set in a tie break with a torn left calf muscle which was sustained in the second round, and subsequently withdrew from Eastbourne and Wimbledon.
Dementieva started her hard court campaign at Bank of the West Classic at Stanford, California, where she was the second seed. She advanced to the quarterfinals where she fell to Maria Sharapova in three sets. She lost to Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova in the second round at Cincinnati. She did not repeat as champion at the Rogers Cup after suffering a 7–6(3), 6–4 loss to Zheng Jie in the third round. She lost to Caroline Wozniacki in the semifinals at New Haven, despite serving for the match at 5–4 in the third set.
Dementieva was the 12th seed at the US Open. She defeated Olga Govortsova, Sybille Bammer and 24th seed Daniela Hantuchová to advance to the 4th round where she wasted four match points before falling to 5th seed Samantha Stosur.
As the 7th seed, Dementieva reached the finals of the 2010 Toray Pan Pacific Open where she faced top seed Caroline Wozniacki. Dementieva defeated Yaroslava Shvedova, Flavia Pennetta, 2nd seed Vera Zvonareva and 5th seed Francesca Schiavone, but eventually lost to Wozniacki. At the China Open, she suffered a 7–6(2), 7–6(4) loss to Serbian Ana Ivanovic in the third round.
On 9 October 2010, it was announced that Dementieva had qualified for the year-ending WTA Tour Championships for the tenth time in her career.
Dementieva's final event of the year was the WTA Tour Championships, where she qualified for the third consecutive year, as the No. 7 seed. Dementieva was still struggling with her ankle injury. As a member of the Maroon Group, Dementieva fell to Caroline Wozniacki, 6–1, 6–1 and defeated Samantha Stosur, 4–6, 6–4, 7–6(4). Dementieva then faced Francesca Schiavone and lost, 6–4, 6–2.
Retirement.
Following her loss to Francesca Schiavone, Dementieva announced her retirement in an on-court ceremony on 29 October 2010. Dementieva ended her career ranked World No. 9, with 16 WTA singles titles and 2 Grand Slam final appearances. Dementieva said in her speech that it had been an honour to be part of the tour. Zvonareva called her an inspiration. Dementieva revealed during an interview with Eurosport that she had decided that 2010 would be her last season at the start of the year.
Playing style.
Dementieva was an offensive baseline player with powerful groundstrokes off both sides and excellent defensive skills. Her preferred groundstroke was her forehand, which she hit hard and flat. In particular, her running forehand, which she rarely missed, was a key weapon for Dementieva when she was on the defensive. Dementieva was also known for her excellent athleticism and speed around the court. Dementieva made few net approaches except to return drop shots or to take advantage of weak returns from her opponents.
Dementieva had no particular favorite surface, as her playing ability allowed her to adapt easily on each surface although her best results were on hard courts, while her two Grand Slam finals were on hard court and clay. While her heavy groundstroking baseline game did not seem to be that suited to grass, her athleticism and improved serve, in particular her slice serve, led to two consecutive semi-final appearances at Wimbledon.
Although Dementieva's serve made major improvements over her career, it was always known as her weak spot. This was most evident in her loss to Anastasia Myskina in the 2004 French Open final, in which she had ten double-faults.
Career statistics.
Source:
Fed Cup.
Dementieva frequently played for the Russian Fed Cup team. She finished her career with an overall Fed Cup record of 26–9, broken down into marks of 22–5 in singles and 4–4 in doubles. Her record includes singles victories over Venus Williams, Mary Pierce, Amélie Mauresmo and Kim Clijsters.
In 2005, Dementieva almost single-handedly led Russia to capture the Fed Cup by beating France 3–2 in the final. All three points came from Dementieva, as she beat Pierce and Mauresmo in two single matches, and then won the deciding doubles match with partner Dinara Safina.

</doc>
<doc id="20682672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682672" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1975">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1975

This is a list of singles that reached number one on the "Cash Box" Top 100 chart during 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20682675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682675" title="George Williamson (footballer)">
George Williamson (footballer)

George Williamson is a retired English footballer who played for Middlesbrough, Chester City, Bradford City and Colwyn Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20682682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682682" title="Salvatore Pelosi">
Salvatore Pelosi

Salvatore Pelosi (10 April 1906 – 24 October 1974) was an Italian Naval officer who fought in World War II.
Pelosi was educated at the in Livorno and before the war served on the battleship Caio Duilio, cruisers and destroyers as well as in the Italian marines in Tientsin.
Red Sea.
In 1940 Pelosi commanded the Italian submarine Evangelista Torricelli which was part of the Red Sea Flotilla based in Massawa, Eritrea. The "Toricelli" was on patrol in the Gulf of Aden on 23 June 1940 when she was intercepted by a Royal Navy battle group comprising the destroyers HMS Kandahar, HMS Khartoum, HMS Kingston and the sloop HMS Shoreham. The "Torricelli" was trapped on the surface and unable to dive due to technical problems but fought a gun and torpedo action damaging the British before scuttling herself. A shell from the Italian submarine hit HMS Khartoum which suffered a fire resulting in an ammunition explosion sinking the ship. Pelosi was awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valor for this action and spent the rest of the war as a POW.
Post war.
After the war Pelosi commaned the destroyer Alfredo Oriani in 1948 and the Italian Naval Mission to Somalia in 1951. he retired in 1969 as a Vice Admiral. A Sauro class submarine the "S552 Salvatore Pelosi" was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20682776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682776" title="Redlands Primary School (Reading)">
Redlands Primary School (Reading)

Redlands Primary School is a primary school in Reading, Berkshire, England. Located approximately south-east of the centre of Reading, it located near to the University of Reading's Whiteknights Campus.
History.
The school was founded in 1891 as Redlands Board School. Initially it consisted of just an Infant Department which catered for children aged 2 to 7, but in 1892 separate Boys and Girls Departments were opened for children aged 7 to 14. The school buildings, which were designed by local architect S. Slingsby Stallwood, were intended to hold 1166 children, and consisted of a small block which housed the Infants and a larger two-storey block which housed the Boys upstairs and the Girls downstairs.
In 1902 the abolition of the school boards led to the school's name being changed to Redlands Council School.
During World War I, between 1915 and 1918, the school buildings were converted to No. 4 Reading War Hospital and the teachers and pupils were temporarily moved out to nearby schools.
In 1929 the three departments of the school were reorganized into just two: a Primary Department for children aged up to 11 and a Secondary Department for older children. In 1945 these two departments were recognized as separate schools: Redlands Primary School and Redlands Secondary School. However, in 1963 the local education authority decided that the Secondary School was too small to support and closed it. The Primary School moved into the larger building in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="20682786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682786" title="Samuel A. Schreiner, Jr.">
Samuel A. Schreiner, Jr.

Samuel Agnew Schreiner, Jr. is an American writer.
Born June 6, 1921, in Mt. Lebanon, a suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, he graduated from Princeton University in 1942. During World War II he served in the U.S. Army Office of Strategic Services as a cryptographer from 1942–5. He served in China-Burma-India theater and became first lieutenant, receiving both a Bronze Star and Presidential Unit Citation.
He began his career as a reporter for the "McKeesport Daily News" and the "Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph" from 1946–51. At "Parade" in New York he was a writer and assistant managing editor from 1951–5. He then moved to "Reader's Digest" where he served as an editor from 1955–1974. In 1974 he devoted himself full-time to writing.

</doc>
<doc id="20682799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682799" title="Leon Kroll">
Leon Kroll

Leon Kroll (December 6, 1884 – October 25, 1974) was an American painter and lithographer. Known as a figurative artist, Life Magazine described him as "the dean of U.S. nude painters," yet he was an exceptional landscape painter and also produced an exceptional body of still life compositions.
Born into a musical family on lower Second Avenue in New York City, Kroll's father was a violinist and his cousin was William Kroll. He studied at the Art Students League of New York under John Henry Twachtman, and at the Académie Julian in Paris with Jean Paul Laurens in the late 1800s.
In 1913 Kroll showed work at the Armory Show.
In addition to his own work, Kroll taught at the Art Students League of New York and the school of the National Academy of Design, where he had his first solo exhibition in 1910, was named as Associate in 1920 and as full Academician in 1927. In 1930, he was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Letters. He was also named Chevalier of the Legion of Honor in 1950. Kroll died in Gloucester, Massachusetts aged 89.
Artist-Writer Jerome Myers in his autobiography "Artist In Manhattan" said:
Among Kroll's major public works are murals at:

</doc>
<doc id="20682858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682858" title="St. Mary's Church, Carisbrooke">
St. Mary's Church, Carisbrooke

St. Mary's Church, Carisbrooke is a parish church in the Church of England located in Carisbrooke, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval dating from the Norman period.
The tower contains a ring of 10 bells. The back 8 bells were cast in 1921 by Gillet and Johnston, Croydon and were made a ring of 10 in 2002 by the Whitchapel Bell Foundry.
Church status.
The church is grouped with the Church of St. Nicholas in Castro, Carisbrooke.
Incumbents.
Alexander Ross, prolific Scottish writer and controversialist, was vicar of Carisbrooke from 1634 until his death in 1654.
Organ.
The church has a two manual organ dating from 1908 by Bevington. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20682863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682863" title="John Van Tongeren">
John Van Tongeren

John Warrington Van Tongeren is a music composer, mainly for films and television series.
Biography.
Van Tongeren began his career as one of the original members of Media Ventures (now Remote Control Productions). During his time at Media Ventures Van Tongeren worked on films such as "Thelma & Louise", "True Romance" and "Drop Zone" with Hans Zimmer. He also collaborated with Mark Mancina on "Speed", "Moll Flanders", "Fair Game", "Assassins" and "Twister".
Van Tongeren then began to compose music for television series, including ' and the nineties revival of "The Outer Limits", which he won awards for. Van Tongeren again collaborated with Mancina the "Speed" sequel, ', and then he worked with Trevor Rabin on the 1998 film "Armageddon".
Outside of film and television Van Tongeren was asked to work on three orchestrated interludes and production for the late Jazz drummer Tony Williams' 1996 album "Wilderness". Van Tongeren has also worked with Chicago, Robbie Nevil, John Parr, Starship, "Jeff Beck", "Quincy Jones" and Al Jarreau. Van Tongeren also owns The Blue Room, a recording studio in Los Angeles.
In the 2000s Van Tongeren continued working on film scores, such as "xXx" and "" with Randy Edelman, "The Passion of the Christ" with John Debney, "Miss Congeniality 2" and the Disney films "The Cheetah Girls" and "Princess Protection Program". He also scored more sci-fi television series including "The 4400", for which he won the BMI award.
His songwriting has led to platinum CDs for "Rhythm of the Pride Lands" - Disney, and "The Cheetah Girls", as well as the Top Ten hit single for Starship, "It's Not Over ('Til It's Over)" and 3 songs on the "Wall-E Inspired by" CD.
2010 saw projects including "Iron Man 2" and "Predators" with John Debney and movies for Nickelodeon and Disney. John also wrote and produced songs on Disney's "Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure" and "".
Awards.
Van Tongeren has won numerous awards, the most prestigious of which have been a BMI Award and two Gemini Awards.
In 2005 Van Tongeren won a BMI Cable Award for the television series "The 4400"; which he shared with Tim P., Stephen Phillips, George S. Clinton and Claude Foisy. In 2000 and 2001 Van Tongeren won the Gemini Award for Best Original Music Score for a Dramatic Series, for "The Outer Limits"; these were for the episodes "Tribunal" and "Simon Says" respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20682867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682867" title="Us Against the World (Christina Milian song)">
Us Against the World (Christina Milian song)

"Us Against the World" is a single by Christina Milian. Milian wrote the single herself, and described it as a "cinematic power ballad". The song was released on October 7, 2008, and was serviced to US radio on October 28, 2008. The single's official remix, by Jason Nevins, was released on iTunes on January 20, 2009. After two-and-a-half weeks on Milian's MySpace page, the single received over eight million streams.
Production.
Milian calls the song a love anthem because she wrote it while watching "Romeo + Juliet" (1996). Milian finds it to be more dramatic than her other singles, and explains it is about "having somebody to be there for you through thick and thin". Milian believes the lyrics speak a million words for people all over the world:
Milian sees the single as a representation of what the world needs: "There are people that are holding it down for somebody. It's important to have someone that has your back." "Us Against the World" is Milian's first single to be a ballad, which she notes is a "very exciting" chance to take.
Music video.
A music video for "Us Against The World" was shot in November by Norwegian director Ray Kay, who previously directed the videos for Milian's singles "Whatever U Want" and "Say I". Milian described the video as "very "Mad Max" versus "300"". The video was shot in a desert, featuring Milian and a male love interest played by Nick Denbeigh, who are the last two people on earth. Milian says, "When you see it, it's nothing like anything you'd see now. I want to be iconic in every music video that I do. I want to make a mark. This is very different."
The video premiered on January 13 on Milian's official MySpace page. The video is set in a desert, where Milian sings in different gold and bronze colored, often metallic, outfits. Near the end of the video, her love interest appears and she sings the last chorus to him.
Ray Kay revealed that the sand dunes in the video were used by ATV and dune buggy enthusiasts at the time of filming. The video was shot during the busiest weekend of the year for the location, and the crew were constantly forced to stop filming to get clear backgrounds. The video was designed to show Milian's growth from her last album, and Kay's aim as to create an iconic image of the singer. Kay explained that the desert and elemental fashion were a visual metaphor of the lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="20682879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682879" title="Jean Morin (ice hockey)">
Jean Morin (ice hockey)

Jean Morin (born August 10, 1963 in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec) is a National Hockey League linesman who wears uniform number 97 and a Vice President of National Hockey League Officials Association. Morin has officiated in the Stanley Cup Finals in 2002, , , , , , and the 2010 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20682880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682880" title="Church of St. Nicholas in Castro, Carisbrooke">
Church of St. Nicholas in Castro, Carisbrooke

The Church of St. Nicholas in Castro, Carisbrooke is a parish church in the Church of England located in Carisbrooke, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is the chapel ("in Castro") of Carisbrooke Castle. 
The chapel is located next to the main gate of the castle. In 1904 the chapel of St Nicholas in the castle was reopened and re-consecrated, having been rebuilt as a national memorial of King Charles I.
The chapel is home to the Isle of Wight County War Memorial, which was designed by local architect, Percy Stone (1856–1934).
Church status.
The church is grouped with St. Mary's Church, Carisbrooke.
Organ.
The church has a two manual organ dating from 1908 by Bevington. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20682917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20682917" title="Grand Riviera Theater">
Grand Riviera Theater

The Grand Riviera Theater was a movie palace theater located at 9222 Grand River Avenue in western Detroit, Michigan. It took its name from Grand River Avenue. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1980, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, but was subsequently demolished in June, 1996.
History.
The Grand Riviera cinema was built in 1925, at a cost of over one million dollars. It seated over 3000, and was the first "atmospheric" theater in Detroit, using lighting, special effects, and interior design to make the audience feel like they were sitting outdoors in a garden.
The theater was immediately successful, and in 1927 an 1,800 seat annex was built. In 1957, the Riviera was converted to a stage theater. When the Fisher Theater reopened in 1960, however, the Grand Riviera took a back seat. The building was used for music concerts until it closed in the mid-1970s. Afterward, the structure deteriorated, to the point that it was considered unsafe and demolished in 1996.
Description.
The Grand Riviera Theater was a three story structure built from brown brick in an Italian Renaissance Revival and Mediterranean Revival style. An octagonal pavilion sat on the corner of the structure. The pavilion had arched, multi-paned windows and substantial cream terra cotta decoration.
To the west of the pavilion was the three-story wing with commercial and office space. To the north was the auditorium section which was built with windowless paneled brick walls.
The interior design and decorations of the Grand Riviera were very ornate. The original "atmospheric" interior elements included a simulated courtyard, a dark blue ceiling with inset electric "stars" and projected moving clouds, and walls with artificial trees and vines.

</doc>
<doc id="20683003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683003" title="David Walker (cricketer)">
David Walker (cricketer)

David Frank Walker (31 May 1913 – 7 February 1942) was an English cricketer. He was a right-hand batsman and slow left-arm bowler who played first-class cricket for Oxford University and minor counties cricket for Norfolk.
Born in Loddon, Norfolk, Walker began his cricket career with Uppingham XI topping the batting averages in his three seasons (1930-1932) with them.
At this time Walker also played for Norfolk, in his second match scoring 73 not out against Kent Second XI in the Minor Counties Championship, the innings was the highest for Norfolk that season. He scored his maiden century for Norfolk two seasons later against the same opposition. Walker continued to play for Norfolk until the Second World War, in nine seasons scoring 4034 runs at an average of 62, seven times he topped the County averages and three times heading the Minor Counties Competition's. His highest score came in 1939 when he made an innings of 217 against Northumberland, he shared in a Minor Counties record first-wicket partnership of 323 with Harold Theobald.
While attending Oxford University Walker played 34 first-class matches for the team between 1933 and 1935, scoring 1799 runs at 30.49 with two centuries. The first came against Gloucestershire in only his second appearance, the second against Worcestershire in 1934. He was appointed captain of the team in 1935, his highest score of that season came against the touring South Africans, he scored 83 having shared in a 198 run stand with Mandy Mitchell-Innes.
After undertaking an educational role in Sudan, Walker joined the RAF in South Africa. He died in military action when his Lockheed Hudson was shot down off the Norwegian coast, and was buried at Trondheim, Norway. Aged 28 at the time of his death, he had married three months earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20683008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683008" title="Socionom">
Socionom

A socionom (Swedish and Danish), sosionom (Norwegian) or sosionomi (Finnish) is a person with a degree in social work from a Scandinavian university. Law, sociology and psychology are also part of the degree. The course is 3.5–4 years long. Socionoms are often hired to administer the Scandinavian welfare systems.
In Sweden, the socionom training was originally given by specialised social work colleges ("socialhögskola"), which were integrated into the regular Swedish university system in 1977, usually in the form of a department of social work at an existing university or university college.

</doc>
<doc id="20683015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683015" title="Depleted zinc oxide">
Depleted zinc oxide

Depleted zinc oxide (DZO) is a zinc oxide depleted in the zinc isotope with the atomic mass 64, and used as a corrosion inhibitor in nuclear pressurized water reactors. 
The depletion of 64Zn is necessary, because this isotope is transformed into 65Zn by neutron capture. 65Zn with a half-life of 244.26 days emits gamma radiation with 1.115 MeV. 64Zn has a natural abundance of 48.6%, but in DZO it is reduced below 1%. The addition of zinc oxide to the primary water loop of a pressurized water nuclear reactor reduces the corrosion and therefore minimizes the amount of dissolved materials, especially the amount of 60Co. 
The isotope separation of zinc is done by gas centrifugation of diethylzinc.

</doc>
<doc id="20683019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683019" title="The First Easter Rabbit">
The First Easter Rabbit

The First Easter Rabbit is a 1976 animated Easter special, seen on NBC and later CBS. Created by Rankin/Bass, it tells the story of the Easter Bunny's origin and is loosely based on "The Velveteen Rabbit", a children's book by Margery Williams. Burl Ives did the narration of this special which also featured the song "Easter Parade".
Plot.
The film tells the story of a plush rabbit named Stuffy (Voiced by Robert Morse) given as a Christmas present for a little girl named Glinda, but when she comes down sick with Scarlet Fever, her old toys are thrown away to be burned in order to disinfect the playroom. Stuffy is rescued by a sprite named Calliope (Joan Gardner), who brings him to life and sends him to Easter Valley up at the North Pole where he befriends Santa Claus and three other rabbits named Spats, Flops, and Whiskers to help him with the Easter traditions. However, an ice monster named Zero and his partner, Bruce the Snowball want to freeze the valley and make it like the rest of the pole by stealing the Golden Easter Lily from the valley. In order to stop him, Stuffy must become the Easter Bunny, retrieve the Golden Lily, and save Easter.
DVD Release.
The Special is available on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="20683023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683023" title="Patella vulgata">
Patella vulgata

Patella vulgata, common name the common limpet or common European limpet is an edible species of sea snail with gills, a typical true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Patellidae. This species is found in the waters of western Europe.
The radula in this species is longer than the shell itself. It contains 1920 teeth in 160 rows of 12 teeth each. It is found attached to firm substrates from the high shore to the edge of the sublittoral zone, although it predominates in areas of wave action. Its shell is conical, up to around 6 cm long, and lacks defined chirality. Common limpets are believed to be able to live for up to twenty years.
"Patella vulgata" has been the focus of a range of scientific investigation, as far back as 1935. Its development is well described and it has recently been the focus of transcriptomic investigation, providing a range of genomic sequence data in this species for analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="20683033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683033" title="Cluj Arena">
Cluj Arena

Cluj Arena is a multi-use stadium in Cluj-Napoca, Romania. It was ready as of October 2011 and is to be ranked as an UEFA Elite Stadium (Category 4). The stadium is the new home ground of FC Universitatea Cluj.
The owner, Cluj County Council, and the Government of Romania paid about €45,000,000 for the new stadium, which is able to hold 30,335 people. The stadium is composed of 4 two-tier covered stands and a new running track. The seats are grey coloured, with different nuances depending on their position.
History.
The first football and athletics stadium in Cluj-Napoca then Kolozsvár part of Hungary, was built between 1908 and 1911. It had one wooden stand and a capacity of 1,500 people. The official inauguration in 1911 was done by organizing a game between a selection of Cluj and Galatasaray Istanbul. It was the first game in Europe for Galatasaray, and the selection of Cluj won 8-1.
In 1961 new stands were built and the capacity of the stadium became 28,000 on wooden benches, while the old stands were moved to Câmpia Turzii. The 1961 stands have a U-shaped appearance, as the name of the team that uses it. The stadium is named after Ion Moina, the fastest sprinter in Europe in 1948.
The demolition process of the old stadium began on November 20, 2008, so that it could free the space for the new one.
On 16 July 2009 the construction of the stadium began. The stadium was due to be finished by July 2011. By July 2011, about 90% of the new stadium was completed. The stadium officially opened for public in the first day of October. Eight days later the Scorpions held a concert 45.000 sold out the arena held a concert and the next day Smokie played at Cluj Arena. The inaugural match was held on October 11, with a friendly between Universitatea Cluj and Kuban Krasnodar. The first official match was a Liga I encounter of Universitatea Cluj and FC Braşov, played on October 17.
Name.
There were controversies involving the name of the new stadium. Before the demolition of the 1961-built arena, the stadium was called Ion Moina, but the new one was going to be named differently. While the fans proposed the name of Mircea Luca, a "U" Cluj legendary player, the local authorities were torn between "Cluj Arena" and lending the name to an international company, like in the case of the all big stadiums.
Location.
Cluj Arena is built on the same location as the old stadium, west of the Central Park and next to the Someşul Mic river. The area represents the city's old sport complex, built at the beginning of the century, which included the old stadium, the old indoor arena, and a sports oriented park. There were projects involving the stadium being built in other locations, but the authorities ceased due to public pressure and decided to build the new arena on the same premises.

</doc>
<doc id="20683060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683060" title="Attack on Prekaz">
Attack on Prekaz

The Attack on Prekaz, also known as the Prekaz massacre, was an operation led by the Special Anti-Terrorism Unit of Serbia on 5 March 1998. Police said they were trying to capture "terrorists"; according to Amnesty International, all evidence suggests that the attack was not intended to apprehend armed Albanians, but "to eliminate the suspects and their families". During the operation, Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) leader Adem Jashari and his brother, Hamëz were killed, along with more than 60 other family members, including women and children.
Background.
Adem and Hamëz Jashari were members of the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), a militant group of ethnic-Albanians who sought the independence of Kosovo from Yugoslavia. Adem Jashari was responsible for organizing the first armed political formation in Srbica (Skënderaj in Albanian) in 1991. 
On 28 February 1998, a firefight erupted between Albanian militants and a Serb police patrol in the small village of Likošane. Four Serbian policemen were killed and several were injured. The KLA militants, one of whom was Adem Jashari, escaped. Subsequently, Serb police killed thirteen people in a nearby household. Later that same day, Serbian policemen attacked the neighbouring village of Ćirez and subsequently killed twenty-six Albanians. However, the Albanian militants who had incited the violence managed to escape and the police decided to move in on Adem Jashari and his family. A long-time radical hardliner in the Drenica valley, Jashari decided to stay in his home and he instructed his fighters to stay there as well and resist to the last man.
Operation.
On 5 March 1998, the KLA launched another attack on a police patrol in Donji Prekaz, which caused the Serbian police to seek retribution, according to the official Serbian public report. After the second attack, the police prepared a brutal response for the Jasharis. They started hunting down local KLA militants who were forced to retreat to Jashari's compound in the same village.
Yugoslav policemen surrounded the group and invited them to surrender, while urging all other persons to clear the premises. The police further alleged that they gave them two hours to comply. Within the given deadline, dozens of civilians complied with the order and dispersed in safety from the stronghold. According to the police, after the two-hour deadline had expired, Adem Jashari, his brother and most of his family-members, however still refused to comply and remained inside the compound. After a tense verbal stand-off, according to official Serbian statements, Jashari's group responded by firing on the police using automatic weapons as well as mortars, hand grenades and snipers, killing two and injuring three policemen. In the ensuing violence, the Yugoslav police killed more than sixty people, including both Jashari brothers. The only survivor was Besarta Jashari, Hamëz Jashari's daughter. She claimed that the policemen had "threatened her with a knife and ordered her to say that her uncle (Adem Jashari) had killed everyone who wanted to surrender." Goran Radosavljević, a major in the Serbian Interior Ministry, claimed that "Adem Jashari used women, children and the elderly as hostages..."; on the other hand, Nebojsha Pavkovic, a Serb general, said: 
Evidence gathered later showed that the attack wasn't intended to apprehend of armed Albanian "militants"; rather, the attack was to eliminate them and their families. Other houses of Jashari family members were also attacked by the police as well as the residential compound of the Lushtaku family. In response, the UN security council turned to Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter without authorizing the final measure of the chapter which was military intervention. Mortars fired on houses, and snipers shot those who fled.
Burial.
The local Council for the Defense of Human Rights and Freedoms was contacted by the police to collect the bodies, but when the council requested documentation about the deceased none was made public. According to the Council, the police had moved the corpses to a Pristina morgue before returning them to the Drenica area. On 9 March, the police warned that if the bodies weren't buried by their families they would be buried by the authorities, while the families requested autopsies to be performed.
On 10 March, the police got a bulldozer and dug a mass grave near Prekaz, and buried the bodies, ten of which were still unidentified at that time. Families had hoped that autopsies might be performed, but a group of doctors from Pristina, the families of the deceased, representatives from the Catholic Church, the Muslim community and international human rights organizations were denied access to the area. The heads of the Serbian police accused the organizations that they had smuggled weapons into the region in the past.
Aftermath.
The Prekaz attack led to a rapid increase of the KLA's popularity among ethnic-Albanians and village militias were formed in many parts of Kosovo. After the event, Adem Jashari himself was portrayed as a "terrorist" in the Yugoslav media, while the Albanian media depicted him as a "freedom fighter". The casualties of the attack would be described as the fall of "martyrs" in the Albanian media, while in the Serbian media they were reported to be "collateral effects of the fight against terrorism". 
On 13 March, about 50,000 people demonstrated against the attacks, while on 15 March, the Catholic Church called for masses to be held throughout the region, after which about 15,000 people demonstrated in Pristina.
In late March 1999, more than 100,000 people marched in eight American cities and European capitals to protest the attack. Eventually, events spiralled out of control and the Kosovo War ensued.

</doc>
<doc id="20683070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683070" title="Tiny Pictures">
Tiny Pictures

Tiny Pictures is the second album from Canadian rock band Thornley. The album was released in Canada on February 10, 2009, and in the U.S. on February 3, 2010. The first single, "Make Believe," was released to radio on December 12, 2008. Most of the songs on the album have been written for years but the five-year wait since Thornley's last release allowed Ian Thornley to bring on Nick Raskulinecz as producer, whose previous work includes albums with Foo Fighters and Velvet Revolver.
Though this is the band's release, frontman Ian Thornley plays nearly all of the instruments that appear on the record. The songs were written by Ian and former guitar player Tavis Stanley, with a few tracks bringing on writing collaborations including "Make Believe" with Dave Genn (54-40, Matthew Good Band), "Your Song" with Nickelback’s Chad Kroeger, and "Another Memory" with Alain Johannes and Natasha Shneider.
The album was recorded in 2008 in Toronto’s Phase 1 and Alex Lifeson's Lerxst Sound studios. Thornley describes his wish to achieve a vintage rock sound embellished with subtle hooks and "fairy dust, bells and whistles," similar to Bruce Springsteen’s "Born to Run", where repeated listens reveal more and more enjoyment with new layers apparent each time.
The "Tiny Pictures" cover art was done by the graphic designer Storm Thorgerson, who also did the art for "Come Again", and who has designed album covers for Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin, Muse, and The Mars Volta. The cover depicts a large pile of suitcases stacked to look like a man's face.

</doc>
<doc id="20683075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683075" title="Alabama (schooner)">
Alabama (schooner)

Alabama is a Gloucester fishing schooner that was built in 1926 and served as the pilot boat for Mobile, Alabama. The "Alabama's" home port is Vineyard Haven Harbor, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. The "Alabama" is owned by "The Black Dog Tall Ships", along with the Shenandoah, and offers cruises of Nantucket Sound.
History.
The schooner "Alabama" was one of the last vessels built from the design of one of the most notable designers of Gloucester Fishing Schooners, Thomas F. McMannus. Commissioned by the Mobile Bar Pilot Association of Mobile, Alabama, the vessel was built in Pensacola, Florida, launched in 1926, and originally called "Alabamian" until her predecessor the Bar Pilot Association's original "Alabama" was retired. Though the hull bore strong resemblance of McMannus' famous Gloucester fishing schooner designs, it served as a pilot boat stationed on the Mobile Bar until 1966. 
In 1967 the schooner was bought by Captain Robert S. Douglas, master and designer of the "Shenandoah", and moved to Vineyard Haven. There she sat on a mooring with minimal necessary upkeep until 1994. In the early nineties with a dwindling market for windjammer cruises which leave out most modern amenities kids became the new direction for the "Coastwise Packet Company" - the original name for what is now also "The Black Dog Tall Ships". Because of the success of these "Kids Cruises" on board the "Shenandoah", "Alabama" was to be rebuilt by the Five Corners Shipbuilding Company headed by Gary Maynard a former First Mate that sailed on the "Shenandoah". Most of the work was done in Vineyard Haven with the vessel afloat on her mooring using Captain Douglas' own power tools and shop space. Any other work was done in Fairhaven, Massachusetts at D.N. Kelly's Shipyard.
The "Alabama" now proudly flies the Douglas house flag and the Black Dog emblem from her lofty rig. Serving as an ambassador for the Black Dog as well as a platform for youngsters to experience life at sea, the Vessel can be seen cruising the waters of Southern New England during the summer months and making occasional visits to towns with maritime heritage in the shoulder season.
The "Alabama" is a regular participant in the annual Gloucester Schooner Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20683085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683085" title="Aoife Ní Fhearraigh">
Aoife Ní Fhearraigh

Aoife Ní Fhearraigh, or simply Aoife () is an Irish singer. A well-known interpreter of Irish Gaelic songs, she released her first recording in 1991 and worked with Moya Brennan to produce her much acclaimed 1996 album "Aoife". She reached international recognition in 1998 when her song "The Best is Yet to Come" was used for the "Metal Gear Solid" soundtrack. To date, Aoife has worked closely with artists such as Phil Coulter, Roma Downey and Brian Kennedy, and she has also toured the US, Japan and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20683087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683087" title="St. Andrew's Church, Chale">
St. Andrew's Church, Chale

St. Andrew's Church, Chale is a parish church in the Church of England located in Chale, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval. 
It was founded by Hugh Gendon in Chale in 1114. However, the present church dates from the 14th century. It has 6 bells in its tower. One might have been made about 1360. It has includes some Christian images on stained glass windows, mostly by Charles Eamer Kempe.
Organ.
The first organ in the church was installed around 1890, but was sold in 1900 to St. Peter's Church, Shorwell.
The church then acquired a two manual organ dating from 1899 by Bryceson. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20683096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683096" title="Nieuport 14">
Nieuport 14

__NOTOC__
The Nieuport 14 was a military reconnaissance sesquiplane produced in France during the First World War. When the French Army deployed it in 1916, they found its performance inferior to what was called for in the original specification, and the type was quickly withdrawn from front-line service.
Developed in response to an order by the "Aéronautique Militaire" in summer 1915, it was to have been a two-seat reconnaissance machine capable of making a flight of 300 km and back while carrying a load of bombs. Nieuport's design was based on the Nieuport 12 reconnaissance aircraft, but had its fuselage stretched to balance out the single nose mounted Hispano-Suiza V-8 engine and its wingspan increased by the addition of an additional bay. 
Deliveries to three reconnaissance squadrons commenced in late 1916, replacing obsolete Voisin types. However, the Nieuport 14's sluggish performance became immediately apparent and these squadrons were re-equipped with Nieuport 17s only eighteen days later and re-deployed as fighter squadrons. Production of the Nieuport 14 was halted, and remaining machines were relegated to training duties once improvements had been made to their side-mounted radiators. These were followed into service by a dedicated trainer variant, the Nieuport 14 École with dual controls, a nosewheel to guard against nose-over accidents, and a rotary engine of lower power replacing the V-8 of the original design. It is possible that these airframes had been left over from the original abortive production attempt. When further refined, the trainer version became known as the Nieuport 82, nicknamed "Grosse Julie" ("Big Julie"), and aside from service in France, examples were exported to Brazil and Japan. Further development would lead to the Nieuport 15.
Three Nieuport 14s were modified for test purposes; one with cutouts in its wings to improve visibility and fitted with a 180 hp Lorraine-Dietrich engine, another with a 150-hp version of the Hispano-Suiza engine originally fitted, and a third with a 220-hp Hispano-Suiza engine and a crescent-shaped wing.

</doc>
<doc id="20683117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683117" title="Justin R. Durban">
Justin R. Durban

Justin R. Durban (born in Memphis, Tennessee) and raised in the small town of Madisonville, Kentucky. He is an American composer and filmmaker. He is also known as Edgen to many media creating communities.
Early career.
One of his first musical scores was the 35 mm film "Firecracker" (directed by Steve Balderson), which was accepted into the Raindance Film Festival in London, England in October 2004. "Firecracker" later went on to win numerous awards and was named on Roger Ebert's list of 2005's best films.
Recent works.
Durban continues to write music for the boutique trailer music company, X-Ray Dog Music, located in Burbank. By writing orchestral music through X-Ray Dog, his music has been in recent campaigns such as; James Cameron's Avatar, BRAVE, 20th Century Fox, "Australia", Touchstone Pictures, "Miracle at Saint Anna", Warner Brothers, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", and Universal’s "Hulk", "", "The Express" and Sony’s "Stomp The Yard" theatrical and TV trailers.
In 2008 he completed the feature film "Semum" which was later picked up by Warner Brothers Turkey for international distribution. He also wrote the score to the internet-released film "" directed by Tim Russ and the feature "InAlienable" directed by Robert Dyke starring Walter Koenig, Richard Hatch, and numerous cast members of the Star Trek series old and new. His latest film score is to the feature "The Blackout" directed by Robert Sanders of Starway Pictures. "GPS - The Movie" (dir. Eric Colley) won Best Action Film at AOF Festival 2008.
Personal life.
Durban currently resides between Austin, Texas and Los Angeles, California with his wife and children as creative director for his film production company, "Edgen Films".

</doc>
<doc id="20683136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683136" title="Horse trade">
Horse trade

Horse trade may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20683150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683150" title="David Cartwright">
David Cartwright

Edward David Cartwright (15 July 1920–24 April 1997) was the tenth Suffragan Bishop of Southampton.
Cartwright was educated at Selwyn College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1944, he began his career with a curacy in Boston, Lincolnshire and was then Vicar of St Leonard’s, Redfield, Bristol. After that he held further incumbencies at Olveston and Bishopston; and was then Archdeacon of Winchester before ascending to the episcopate, a post he held from 1984 until 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20683167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683167" title="John Alcorn (racing driver)">
John Alcorn (racing driver)

John Alcorn (born July 27, 1964 in Romford, Essex) is a retired British race car driver. He attempted to qualify for two rounds of the 1987 International Formula 3000 season for Colin Bennett Racing at Le Mans and Jarama, failing on both occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="20683170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683170" title="The Easter Bunny Is Comin' to Town">
The Easter Bunny Is Comin' to Town

The Easter Bunny is Comin' to Town is a stop motion holiday TV special by Rankin/Bass. It originally debuted on the ABC network on April 6, 1977 at 8 p.m.
Plot.
S.D. Kluger (From " Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town" and once again, voiced by Fred Astaire) returns as a train engineer, but still a mailman, to answer questions concerning the origins of the Easter Bunny while reading the children's letters, such as why eggs are painted for Easter, who made the first jelly beans and chocolate bunny.
The story begins in the small town of Kidville, run by all children located on the other side of Big Rock Mountain. The children all enjoy the simple life, despite being bothered by a mean bear named Gadzooks who hates everything to do with the holidays. One Easter morning, they find an orphaned baby rabbit and raise him for their own and name him Sunny when he first feels the warm sun. Sunny (voiced by Skip Hinnant), now one year old, makes plans with the children to get what they make to the outside world for what they need in exchange, including their eggs, with help from three chickens called the Hendrew Sisters. One year later, Sunny sets off to deliver his eggs. Along the way, he meets a friendly hobo named Hallelujah Jones, who suggests to him that he could sell his eggs in a town called Town. However, upon climbing Big Rock Mountain, Sunny runs into Gadzooks who steals his eggs. Sunny makes it to Town, which is a gloomy, dismal town and if any children are born there, the whole family has to move away, under the laws of seven-year-old King Bruce the Frail (Voiced by James Spies) and his aunt, the Dowager Duchess Lily Longtooth, who actually rules the whole town. One of her laws is that beans are the only food everyone has to eat. Bruce complains about not wanting to be king and be a normal child, despite his aunt's objections.
Saddened by this, Sunny heads back to Kidville and explains his problem. Hallelujah dips the eggs in various bowls of paint as a way to trick Gadzooks. He lies to the bear, saying he is on his way to sell colored stones as paperweights. Gadzooks, befuddled by Sunny's lie, lets him go, demanding to bring him eggs. Sunny makes it into Town again, passing out his eggs to all the townspeople, including King Bruce, who crowns him the Easter Bunny, Royal Knight of the Rainbow Eggs and he and Sunny hold a traditional ritual of eating the eggs. However, Lily, disappointed in her nephew, sends him to bed without supper. Sunny apologizes for his problem, which Bruce thought his supper would be more beans. Sunny, however, promises to bring him very special beans next Easter. The following year, Sunny and Hallelujah make the first Easter jelly beans. However, upon their way to town to deliver them, Gadzooks, still angered by Sunny's lie, thinking his eggs are colored stones again, flings them far, far away. All hope seems lost until all the other children hunt the eggs up in bushes and trees, to which Sunny realizes that he'll always hide them. Next Easter, Sunny sets out, only to get caught by Gadzooks, who chases him to Kidville, where everybody has all pitched in to make him a brand new Easter outfit made by the Kidville tailors. This melts the bear's heart and he becomes friends with everyone after learning how to love himself before others can.
Meanwhile back in Town, the Town townspeople quickly grow interested in the Easter eggs Sunny hides, King Bruce enjoys the jelly beans, and the children are loved by all the townspeople. But Lily, outraged at all the celebrating, sends her guards out to arrest them, but Sunny and the children promise to return next year. Sunny has the candy maker concoct his secret weapon for their next visit to Town. Hallelujah suggests Sunny should do something for King Bruce to stand up to Lily. Sunny takes his idea to the Kidville seamstress and pillow makers. On their next visit to Town, after causing the guards to trip on the rolling Easter eggs, Sunny hops into a paper bag, where the guards discover that they captured a chocolate bunny, thus being let into Town, where Sunny brings Bruce stuffed animals from the Kidville seamstresses and pillow makers to give him courage every night when he is lonely. Bruce wishes Sunny could come to Town next Easter, but Sunny explains that he might have to sneak in and can't bring too much. Just as Bruce is about to give him permission to come to Town whenever he wants, Lily arrives to stop him. Bruce, about to take a stand, denies Sunny's words of wisdom.
The following year, Sunny and friends plan to have Gadzooks help them bring all the Easter treats to Town. However, Lily's guards hold out a long rope, causing the bear to trip and break his leg. Everyone is saddened that Gadzooks can't help, but Hallelujah plans to build a railroad from Kidville to Town which leads over Big Rock Mountain. After the railroad is built, Sunny and his friends go to the trainyard to hire a train to carry all the goods. However, since the big engines in the roundhouse are too important to help, they find a switch engine named Chugs, all rusty after being put down for years, hire him, and give him a new paint job. Meanwhile, Lily orders her guards to do anything they can to stop the train from getting to Town. They spread melted butter on the rails, causing Chugs to slip, but Hallelujah pours jelly beans on the butter, providing extra traction and causing them to escape, thus causing Lily's plan to fail.
Soon after, they all make it to Town, where everyone is happy to be celebrating. But Lily is upset, thinking Bruce will banish her forever. However, he and Sunny give her an Easter flower named after her, called a lily. Lily, overjoyed and proud of her nephew, decides to join the celebration with Sunny and all the residents of Kidville and Town, including S.D. Kluger who concludes the special, singing a shortened version of "The Easter Bunny is Comin' to Town Today."

</doc>
<doc id="20683174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683174" title="St. Peter's Church, Shorwell">
St. Peter's Church, Shorwell

St. Peter's Church, Shorwell is a parish church in the Church of England located in Shorwell, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is medieval. 
The interior of the church features a famous 15th century painting of St. Christopher. There is also a painting of the two wives and 15 children of John Leigh. 
The church also features an alabaster monument of John Leigh praying, accompanied by his great grandson Barnabas who died at the age of 9 months while Leigh's body was waiting for burial in 1629. They share a tomb which is inscribed; 
Organ.
The church acquired its two manual organ from St. Andrew's Church, Chale. It dates from 1890 by Henry Jones. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20683180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683180" title="Baghdad Soft Drinks Co">
Baghdad Soft Drinks Co

Baghdad Soft Drinks Co (ISX: IBSD on the Iraq Stock Exchange) is a Soft drinks Bottling company in Iraq.It is the company that has the exclusive licence to sell Pepsi products in Iraq.
PepsiCo International's franchise agreement authorises Baghdad Soft Drinks Company to produce and distribute PepsiCo's Pepsi-Cola, Seven-Up and Mirinda soft drink brands.
Many bottling companies are franchisees of corporations such as Coca-Cola and PepsiCo who distribute the beverage in a specific geographic region.
It has a staff of ~1,400, and the 2004 agreement with pepsi is expected to create some 2,000 new jobs at Baghdad.
Major stocks on the Iraq Stock Exchange include Bank of Baghdad, Baghdad Soft Drinks Co, Iraqi Tufted Carpets Co, Hader Marble and Thesar Agriculture.
Iraqi Pepsi is currently selling about 7.2 million bottles a month, though this number drops subject to power outages.
History.
Pepsi-Cola in Iraq goes back to 1950, when the brand was launched. Pepsi grew to become Iraq's leading soft drink brand, with Baghdad Soft Drinks Company, becoming a Pepsi franchisee in 1984.
However, that relationship ended in 1990, when PepsiCo ceased doing business in Iraq after US and international trade sanctions barred trade with the country.
Hamid Jassim Khamis, serves as managing director, but resigned after he clashed with Uday Hussein, son of the dictator Saddam Hussein, who bought a 10 per cent share of the company.
During the 2003 invasion of Iraq, the local Pepsi-maker was forced to replace authentic PepsiCo concentrates with counterfeit varieties smuggled in from eastern Europe, due to international regulation.
After 2003, Uday Hussein's stake was frozen and Mr Khamis was brought back.
Current Chairman of board of PEPSI Cola in Iraq is Essam Kareem Kzar Alasadi
PepsiCo's rival Coke returned to Iraq in January 2004. A new company with the name The Coca Cola Bottling Company of Iraq has been set up. Coca-Cola drinks are imported into Iraq from Jordan, Turkey and other neighbouring countries. Pepsi Cola had been the only cola in Iraq since the mid-1960s Arab League boycott of israel, because of Coke's investments in Israel.
Through local lawyers, PepsiCo is trying to re-register its trademark in Iraq, hoping for a crackdown on counterfeiters.

</doc>
<doc id="20683193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683193" title="Flip Lafferty">
Flip Lafferty

Frank Bernard "Flip" Lafferty (May 4, 1854 – February 2, 1910) was a Major League Baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in the majors.
In , Lafferty appeared in one game as a pitcher for the Philadelphia Athletics. Despite not giving up any earned runs, he gave up three unearned runs and lost the game, leaving him with an 0-1 record despite an ERA of 0.00.
In , Lafferty moved on to the Louisville Grays, where he appeared in four games in center field. He managed just one hit (a double) in 17 at bats, for a batting average of .059, placing his career average at .050.

</doc>
<doc id="20683225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683225" title="The Westin Dragonara">
The Westin Dragonara

The Westin Dragonara Hotel is a hotel in Paceville, Malta. Positioned on a peninsula, known as Dargonara Point in Malta, the hotel is situated 5 minutes away from the island's major highway which connects all major sites in Malta.

</doc>
<doc id="20683228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683228" title="Margo Burns">
Margo Burns

Margo Burns is a historian (A.B., Mount Holyoke College, 1980, M.A., University of New Hampshire, 1991) specialising in the Salem witch trials and related events, especially those in North Andover, whose historiographical neglect she endeavours to amend. She is an Associate Editor and Project Manager of the book "Records of the Salem Witch-Hunt" (Bernard Rosenthal, Editor, Cambridge University Press, 2009). She currently resides in New Hampshire.
Although not directly related to any of North Andover's witchcraft-accused, Burns is the great-x10-granddaughter of Rebecca Nurse, one of the foremost protagonists of the trials in Salem; indeed, it was Burns's initial interest in that controversy that led her to explore its North Andover analogue. She puts the total accused at 153.
Burns appears in two history documentaries about the Salem witchcraft trials: "Salem Witch Hunt: Examine the Evidence" (2011) for the Essex National Heritage Commission and the National Park Service, and "Salem: Unmasking the Devil" (2011) with author Katherine Howe, discussing the case of Rebecca Nurse, for the National Geographic Channel and the BBC, where it aired under the alternate title "Salem Witch Trials Conspiracy.
References.
<references>

</doc>
<doc id="20683232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683232" title="Robert Poole (historian)">
Robert Poole (historian)

Robert Poole is Reader in History at the University of Cumbria in Lancaster. He was born in Birmingham, England, in 1957. He came to notice as an historian of science for his book "Earthrise: How Man First Saw the Earth" (Yale University Press, 2008), a study of the first views of Earth from space and their impact which was well reviewed on both sides of the Atlantic in periodicals from Nature to Fortean Times. He has lectured on 'Earthrise' and the origins of modern environmentalism in the UK, US and Switzerland, broadcast on US public radio, and in July 2009 wrote the op ed piece for the 'LA Times' on the fortieth anniversary of the Moon landing . He has also written on the 1968 Stanley Kubrick film '2001: A Space Odyssey' (History Today January 2001) and the history of the belief in extraterrestrial life.
Poole's main work as an historian is in the history of Britain in the 'long eighteenth century' (1689–1832). He has published articles on the Peterloo Massacre of 1819 in Manchester in the journals "Past and Present" (no. 192, August 2006) and "History" (no. 302, April 2006), and several articles on the Lancashire radical leader Samuel Bamford (1788–1872), whose biography he is slowly writing. He is an active supporter of plans for a public memorial to the 600 victims of Peterloo in Manchester as part of the 2010-14 Civic Quarter regeneration, and is working on a related 'Peterloo Witness Project' to make widely available the sources on this major episode in the history of modern democracy, one of which is on the UNESCO 'Memory of the World' register of cultural artefacts.
He is the editor of "The Lancashire Witches: Histories and Stories" (Manchester University Press 2003), a multidisciplinary book of essays about England's biggest single witch trial. He has also written "Time's Alteration: Calendar Reform In Early Modern England" (UCL Press/Taylor and Francis, London, 1998), which explains the British calendar reform of 1752 and refutes the myth of riots over the missing eleven days. He explained this on the BBC Radio 4 programme 'In Our Time'. He has contributed two articles to the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography: (John Collier ('Tim Bobbin') 1708-1786, and William Holder 1616-1698). In 2000-1 he was a Leverhulme Senior Research Fellow at the University of Manchester. His work is distinguished by applying the insights of early modern history to bear on more recent periods, and by an interest in the cultural roots of big ideas of all kinds.

</doc>
<doc id="20683245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683245" title="1963–64 Libyan Premier League">
1963–64 Libyan Premier League

The 1963–64 Libyan Premier League was the first edition of the competition, the first football competition at national level. The recently founded Libyan Football Federation organised the competition.
Prior to this, competitive football in Libya was played at regional level (since 1918). There were three Provincial Championships, "Western", "Eastern" and "Southern". The regional champions at the time came together to contest the first national title. They were:
Hilal Sebha withdrew from the competition due to lack of resources, meaning that Ahly Benghazi and Ahly Tripoli faced a two-legged playoff tie, the winners of which would be crowned Libyan Premier League champions for the 1963–64 season.
Ahly Tripoli win the Libyan Premier League with a 2–0 aggregate scoreline.

</doc>
<doc id="20683271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683271" title="Córdoba Synagogue">
Córdoba Synagogue

Córdoba Synagogue () is a historic edifice in the Jewish Quarter of Córdoba, Spain built in 1315.
The synagogue was built in Mudéjar style by architects led by Isaac Moheb. It consists of a courtyard, accessed from the street, which leads to a hallway, followed by the prayer room. On the eastern side of the hall is a staircase that leads to the women's gallery. The gallery overlooks the prayer room through three decorative arches. The prayer room measures 6.95 x 6.37 m.
After the expulsion of the Jews from Spain in 1492, the building was devoted to various functions including a Hydrophobic hospital, a chapel for shoemakers and nursery school. It was declared a National Monument in 1885. Since then it has undergone several phases of the restoration including that of Felix Hernandez in 1929 and one started in 1977 for the reopening of the building in 1985 to celebrate the 850th anniversary of birth of Maimonides.
Other well-preserved, pre-expulsion synagogues can be found in Híjar, Toledo, and Tomar.

</doc>
<doc id="20683275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683275" title="Defence Services Medical Academy">
Defence Services Medical Academy

The Defence Services Medical Academy (DSMA) (, ), located in Mingaladon, Yangon, is the University of Medicine of the Myanmar Armed Forces. One of the most selective universities in the country, the academy offers M.B., B.S. (equivalent of the M.D.) degree programs. Upon graduation, most DSMA cadets are commissioned with the rank of Lieutenant in the Myanmar Army Medical Corps. The military physicians are to serve the healthcare needs of rural people when they are assigned in the country's remote regions where access to healthcare is poor.
History.
The DSMA was founded in 1992 as the Defence Services Institute of Medicine (DSIM) to develop physicians to serve in the Tatmadaw Myanmar Armed Forces. Prior to the founding of the academy, the Tatmadaw had recruited its medical and dental officers from civilian medical school graduates, who had to undergo a month-long basic military training program at the Medical Corps Center. While the medical corps of the Tatmadaw had always been short of physicians, by the early 1990s, the shortage became more pronounced as the military government, fearing student unrest, had shut down most civilian universities, following the 8888 Uprising in 1988. Most civilian universities were closed off and on for much of the 1990s. The military run universities essentially became the only venue for those who wished to continue university education inside the country.
The DSIM was operated by the Ministry of Health and the Directorate of Medical Services. The purported "aim of the DSMA is to produce good Medical officers endowed with brilliant physical and mental ability to safeguard The Three Main National Causes" espoused by the military government.
The first batch of 47 cadets from the DSIM were commissioned as lieutenants on 17 December 1999, after six years of study and a year as house-surgeons. Through nine intakes, the DSMA produced a total of 1525 medical officers. As of 2008, the DSMA had produced seven Doctor of Medical Science degree holders. The academy is only source of medical officers for the DMS. In terms of Master of Medical Science, by the early 2008, the DSMA had produced 335 specialists, including 48 physicians and 41 surgeons.
Nowadays, many army doctors' clinics can be seen in Yangon and specialists of army hospital are also practicing at many private hospitals and clinics. Army doctors are serving the country both in rural and urban regions in the form of private and public practice.
Admissions.
The academy accepts approximately 400 students annually. Unlike at the country's other four civilian medical schools, the selection process goes beyond high university matriculation examination scores. All prospective candidates must be male and must have high enough college matriculation exam scores to enter any civilian medical university. In addition, the prospective student must sit for another entrance exam as well as physical and psychological exams. After 2010, the matriculation examination marks are not considered for entrance. Personal interview becomes the most important step for entrance. The academy has accepted fewer than 100 students a year since 2010, and only 40 students are accepted to DSMA in 2012.
The selection criteria are:
The entrance selection including physical fitness tests, teamwork and comradeship screening, psychometric assessments and general interviews process takes about five to seven days at Officer Testing Team (OTT). Only those who pass all the tests and steps above are admitted to the DSMA. Students are eligible for state scholarship programs. 
The benefit of being a student at DSMA is to get a stipend after acceptance to the school and faster career development than civilian medical doctors. The salary is higher than civilian doctors.
Programs.
The DSMA offers courses for both basic and advanced degrees in medicine and surgery, and runs 20 graduate programs in medical sciences.
Nowadays, many army doctors are studying in public health master degree locally as well as internationally.The new generation army doctors are likely to take the duty at Ministry of Health and influence the Myanmar health system set up. 
The DSMA is equipped with lab materials, modern textbooks, and training resources. As intern surgeons, the students must take a field practical tour of duty at military hospitals, where they get field training from professional surgeons. The academy is open year round, and is in session for eleven months of study in an academic year—ten months of medical science coursework plus a month of military science and military leadership. Some DSMA graduates continue their post-graduate education in the UK, India, Thailand and Singapore.
Coursework.
The M.B.,B.S. coursework extends over 7½ years and is the same as the major coursework of civilian medical schools such as the University of Medicine 1, Yangon and the University of Medicine 2, Yangon.
Subjects.
First M.B.,B.S..
Language & Communication
Third M.B.,B.S..
All cadets are posted for 18 weeks each to the medical and surgical wards for clinical training at the school's teaching hospitals in Yangon.
Final M.B.,B.S. Part I.
Students attend lectures and clinics in Medicine, Surgery, Child Health, Obstetrics and Gynaecology and are posted to teaching hospitals, including urban health facilities as part of preventive and social medicine teaching.
Final M.B.,B.S. Part II.
Students study the allied specialties: eye, ear, nose and throat diseases, urology, neurology, tuberculosis, venereal diseases, orthopaedics and traumatology, skin diseases, mental health and psychiatry, oro-maxillo-facial surgery, radiology, radiotherapy, nuclear medicine, anaesthesiology, thoracic surgery, and paediatric surgery.
A summative examination is held at the end of the Final M.B.,B.S. Part II course. Problem based learning (PBL), community based learning (CBL) and behavioural science are incorporated, as relevant.
House surgeon training.
All students, after a successful completion of Final Part 2 MBBS Examination, continue on to hands-on training for one year as house surgeons in the recognized teaching hospitals in Yangon and/or the state and division hospitals. 
Only after the completion of house-surgeonship is the student awarded the M.B.,B.S. degree.
Every DSMA cadet also studies military science and military leadership for one to two months per year from First M.B.,B.S. to Final M.B.,B.S. Part I. After graduation, every medical officer has been trained as a platoon commander.

</doc>
<doc id="20683281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683281" title="Aluminum Christmas tree">
Aluminum Christmas tree

An aluminum Christmas tree is a type of artificial Christmas tree that was popular in the United States from 1958 until about the mid-1960s. As its name suggests, the tree is made of aluminum, featuring foil needles and illumination from below via a rotating color wheel. The aluminum Christmas tree was used as symbol of the commercialization of Christmas in the highly acclaimed and successful 1965 television special, "A Charlie Brown Christmas", which discredited its suitability as holiday decoration. By the mid-2000s aluminum trees found a secondary market online, often selling for high premiums. The trees have also shown up in museum collections.
History.
Manufacturing.
Aluminum trees have been said to be the first artificial Christmas trees that were not green in color. It is more accurate to say that aluminum Christmas trees were the first nongreen Christmas trees commercially successful on a grand scale. Long before aluminum Christmas trees were commercially available at least by the late 1800s, white "Christmas trees" were made at home by wrapping strips of cotton batting around leafless branches, making what appeared to be snowladen trees that stayed white in the home. These non-green trees made perfect displays for ornaments and dropped no needles. After Christmas, the cotton was unwrapped and stored with the ornaments for the next year while the branches were burnt or otherwise discarded. Flocked trees, real or artificial, to which flocking was applied became fashionable for the wealthy during the 1930s and have been commercially available since. A 1937 issue of "Popular Science" advocated spraying aluminum paint using an insect spray gun to coat Christmas trees causing it to appear as if "fashioned of molten silver".
Aluminum Christmas trees were first commercially manufactured sometime around 1955, remained popular into the 1960s, and were manufactured into the 1970s. The trees were first manufactured by a Chicago company called Modern Coatings, Inc. Between 1959 and 1969, the bulk of aluminum Christmas trees were produced in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, by the Aluminum Specialty Company; in that decade the company produced more than one million aluminum trees. At the time they were produced in Manitowoc the trees, including the company's flagship product the "Evergleam", retailed for $25 and wholesaled for $11.25.
Popularity.
During the 1960s, the aluminum Christmas tree enjoyed its most popular period of usage. As the mid-1960s passed, the aluminum Christmas tree began to fall out of favor, with many thrown away or relegated to basements and attics. The airing of "A Charlie Brown Christmas" in 1965 has been credited with ending the era of the aluminum tree, and by 1967 their time had almost completely passed.
At the height of the aluminum tree's popularity, the trees were sold in the Sears catalog. Sears' sales pitch remarked:
"Whether you decorate with blue or red balls . . . or use the tree without ornaments - this exquisite tree is sure to be the talk of your neighborhood. High luster aluminum gives a dazzling brilliance. Shimmering silvery branches are swirled and tapered to a handsome realistic fullness. It's really durable . . needles are glued and mechanically locked on. Fireproof . . you can use it year after year."
- "Sears, 1963 Christmas Book"
Re-emergence.
By 1989, it was not uncommon to find aluminum Christmas trees for sale in yard sales or at estate sales being sold for as little as 25 cents. In recent years, however, the aluminum Christmas tree has seen a re-emergence in popularity. Collectors began buying and selling the trees, especially on online auction web sites. A rare 7-foot-tall pink aluminum Christmas tree sold on the Internet for $3,600 in 2005.
Design.
Aluminum Christmas trees consisted of aluminum branches attached to a wooden or aluminum central pole. The central pole had holes drilled into at angles so when the aluminum foil branches were attached they formed a tree shape. The foil branches had woven aluminum "needles" as well. Each tree took about 15 minutes to assemble.
The first aluminum trees could not be illuminated in the manner traditional for natural Christmas trees or other artificial trees. Fire safety concerns prevented lights from being strung through the tree's branches; draping electric lights through an aluminum tree could cause a short circuit. The common method of illumination was a floor-based "color wheel" which was placed under the tree. The color wheel featured varyingly colored segments on a clear plastic wheel, when switched on the wheel rotated and a light shone through the clear plastic casting an array of colors throughout the tree's metallic branches. Sometimes this spectacle was enhanced by a rotating Christmas tree stand.
Aluminum Christmas trees have been variously described as futuristic or as cast in a style which evoked the glitter of the space age. A "Money" magazine article published on the CNN website in 2004 called the design of aluminum Christmas trees "clever". The same article asserted that once the trees overcame their cultural baggage, as icons of bad-taste, that aluminum Christmas trees were actually beautiful decor. The Space Age-feel of the trees made them especially suited to the streamlined home decor of the time period.
Cultural significance.
The aluminum Christmas tree was used as a symbol of the over-commercialization of Christmas in the 1965 Peanuts holiday special, "A Charlie Brown Christmas". The program is considered a classic amongst Christmas specials, and its mention of the aluminum tree solidified the tree's legendary status while satirizing it as well. Peanuts character "Lucy" implored Charlie Brown to get a "big, shiny aluminum tree...maybe painted pink." Charlie lamented the commercialization of the true meaning of Christmas, ignored his friend's request, and purchased a small, scrawny natural tree instead.
The re-emergent popularity of aluminum Christmas trees has allowed them to find their way into museum collections. One example is the Aluminum Christmas Tree Museum (officially known as the Aluminum Tree and Aesthetically Challenged Seasonal Ornament Museum and Research Center. The museum, variously located in Brevard or Asheville, North Carolina was called "campy" by Fodor's in 2009. The Children's Museum of Indianapolis holds a vintage aluminum Christmas tree and color wheel in its collections. The Wisconsin Historical Museum has held the "'Tis the Season" exhibition at least twice, featuring a collection of vintage aluminum Christmas trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20683289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683289" title="Espen Stokkeland">
Espen Stokkeland

Espen Stokkeland (born 4 July 1968) is a Norwegian sailor and Olympic medalist. He received a bronze medal in the "Soling Class" at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, together with Paul Davis and Herman Horn Johannessen.
Stokkeland resides at Fornebu.

</doc>
<doc id="20683303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683303" title="Haren Das">
Haren Das

Harendra Narayan Das (1 February 1921 – 31 January 1993), better known as Haren Das, was a highly respected artist in India who worked almost exclusively in printmaking mediums. His work included engravings, linocuts, etchings, and lithographs, though he is most remembered for the technical skill of his woodcuts and wood engravings.
Haren Das followed a tradition of wood engraving that developed in the bazaars of north Calcutta in the mid-19th century. His early academic training was received partially from Ramendranath Chakravorty (1902–55), who had been influenced in color woodcut printing by the Japanese style of Ukiyo-e prints. Throughout his life Das perfected his woodcut and wood engraving techniques, sometimes producing multi-colored prints of enormous technical proficiency. Though Das created numerous etchings, aquatints, dry points and linocuts, he seldom ventured outside the realm of printmaking. Working during a time when fine art was equated with painting and sculpture, Haren Das was often criticized for working in what was then considered little more than a commercially oriented craft.
Throughout his career Das remained committed to British academic and Victorian ideals that included concepts of perfection and traditionally perceived beauty. Unlike artists such as Somnath Hore, who reacted with brutal directness to the horrors of the 1943 Bengal Famine, Haren Das remained focused upon his vision of a rural ideal. However, his bucolic images paid continuous homage to the hardworking people of India’s farms and villages.
In 1947 Das became a teacher at the Government School of Art in Calcutta, and in 1951 he became a Lecturer at the Government College of Art and Craft in the same city. His printmaking work has been exhibited and recognized in India, Japan, Germany, Switzerland, Poland, Argentina and Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20683309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683309" title="With Every Bit of Me">
With Every Bit of Me

"With Every Bit of Me" is a Swedish English language single by Maltese singer Kevin Borg, winner of the Swedish version of Idol in its fifth season in 2008. The single debuted at number one on the Swedish Single Charts on 18 December 2009 and remained there for four weeks, making it both the Swedish Christmas and the New Year number one. It was replaced at the top spot for one week by the Lady Gaga single, "Poker Face", but Borg regained the top spot for a fifth week one week later.

</doc>
<doc id="20683322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683322" title="Thay">
Thay

Thay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20683347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683347" title="St. Mary's Church, Cowes">
St. Mary's Church, Cowes

St. Mary's Church, Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in Cowes, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is was built in 1867 by the architect Arthur Cates. It stands adjacent to Northwood House.
Parish status.
The church is grouped with Holy Trinity Church, Cowes
Organ.
The church has a two manual organ by Willis. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20683350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683350" title="Horace Wilson (politician)">
Horace Wilson (politician)

Horace Wilson (24 April 1848 - 1903) was a Canadian politician serving as an alderman and the 18th Mayor of Winnipeg.
Wilson was a painter who moved to Winnipeg no later than 1889 where he began a joint venture with Simon Betrand in the business of oil and painting. He became a Winnipeg alderman around 1895 and served in that role until his election as Mayor for 1900.
The City of Winnipeg named Wilson Street in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20683353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683353" title="Iran at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Iran at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Iran participated in the 2008 Asian Beach Games held in Bali, Indonesia from October 18, 2008 to October 26, 2008. At first Iran was supposed to send a big delegation to this event but finally only a beach soccer team represented Iran in Bali.

</doc>
<doc id="20683359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683359" title="Anderson Chapel">
Anderson Chapel

Anderson Chapel, also known as St. Paul's Episcopal Chapel, is a historic Episcopal church located at Swanton, Garrett County, Maryland. It is a late-19th century frame, one-story, gable-roofed church built in the Carpenter Gothic board-and-batten style. This style was popularized by the architect Richard Upjohn during the 19th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20683362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683362" title="Albert Hulsebosch">
Albert Hulsebosch

Albert Joseph Hulsebosch (April 7, 1897 – January 5, 1982) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Bergenfield, New Jersey and died in South Chatham, Massachusetts.
In 1920 he finished sixth in the 3000 metre steeplechase event.

</doc>
<doc id="20683366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683366" title="Screams for Tina">
Screams for Tina

Screams for Tina is a dark wave and gothic rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1985 by Marvin Rinnig (guitar) and Warren Mansfield (vocals, bass, keyboards).
The duo recorded a 12” EP "Strobelight Funeral" in 1986, which was distributed in both the United States and Europe. Reviews of their music have cited influences ranging from Bauhaus, The Sisters of Mercy and Joy Division, to the Psychedelic Furs among other, similar post-punk and gothic rock-related bands of the 1980s. “Deathrock” was another term frequently used by critics when describing their early sound.
English bassist Billy Budd and local drummer Bobbi Drier were added in 1987 and the completed band became regular performers at local, underground scene clubs "The Krypt, Scream, Zombie Zoo, Hapihaus, Obituary, Helter Skelter", as well as more legitimate, mainstream venues i.e., "The Roxy" and the "Whiskey Au-Go-Go".
In 1988, the L.A. Weekly entertainment newspaper held a citywide Rock Music Awards poll. Final vote tabulation placed Screams for Tina in the Top 5 of the Best New Band and Best Underground Band categories, as well as in the Top 10, for Independent Album.
The year 1990 saw the exit of the original guitarist, who was replaced by Kent Bancroft. "Like Wreckage / Spahn Ranch". By 1992, the band had caught the attention of Cleopatra Records president, Brian Perrera, who subsequently included the band’s song "Eleven Eleven" on a new compilation CD alongside previously established artists "The Whip", in 1993. This led to the release of the band’s first, and best-known full-length album "Screams for Tina". The CD ranked among Caroline Distribution’s top 50 selling albums during its month of release. It was subsequently licensed to Talitha Records in Germany, for distribution outside the U.S.A.
From 1993 through 1996, the band continued to perform live and could be heard on various genre-related compilations through 2001. In 1998, the group disbanded. It was revived again in 2002 when their friends in the Austrian band "Kiss the Blade", invited them to be on their new label Strobelight Records. Scream For Tina’s two remaining members, Billy Budd and Warren Mansfield, signed an interim deal and the label released a new 4 song EP "2003 A.D." that included songs written and recorded after the breakup.
As of 2008, the band is still active in both recorded and live performance capacities.

</doc>
<doc id="20683367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683367" title="John Cavell (bishop)">
John Cavell (bishop)

John Kingsmill Cavell (born 4 November 1916) was the ninth Suffragan Bishop of Southampton.
Cavell was educated at Sir Roger Manwood's School and Queens' College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1940 he began his career with Curacies at Christ Church, Folkestone and Addington Parish Church, Croydon. He was then successively Secretary of the Church Missionary Society, Vicar of Christ Church, Cheltenham and then Rural Dean of Plymouth before ascending to the Episcopate -a post he held from 1972 until 1984. In retirement he continues to serve the Church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Salisbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20683373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683373" title="Super Roots 10">
Super Roots 10

Super Roots 10 is the ninth installment of "Super Roots" EPs by Japanese experimental band Boredoms.

</doc>
<doc id="20683381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683381" title="Twenty-eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland">
Twenty-eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland

The Twenty-eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland permitted the state to ratify the Lisbon Treaty of the European Union. It was effected by the Twenty-eighth Amendment of the Constitution (Treaty of Lisbon) Act 2009, which was approved by referendum on 2 October 2009 (sometimes known as the Lisbon II referendum).
The amendment was approved by the Irish electorate by 67.1% to 32.9%, on a turnout of 59%.
The amendment's enactment followed the failure of a previous attempt which was rejected in the Lisbon I referendum, held in June 2008 (this failed proposal was also intended to be called the "Twenty-eighth Amendment"). The successful referendum in 2009 represented a swing of 20.5% to the "Yes" side, from the result in 2008.
Following the referendum, Dáil Éireann (the lower house of parliament) gave its approval to the Treaty on 8 October 2009. The President of Ireland Mary McAleese signed the amendment of the constitution into law on 15 October.
These formalities having been conducted, the state ratified the treaty by depositing the instrument of ratification with the Italian government on 23 October. The Treaty of Lisbon entered into force on 1 December 2009.
Background.
A 1987 decision of the Supreme Court established that ratification by Ireland of any significant amendment to the Treaties of the European Union requires an amendment to the Constitution of Ireland. All constitutional amendments require approval by referendum.
A referendum on the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe of the European Union was expected to be held in 2005 or 2006 but was cancelled following the rejection of the Constitution by voters in France in May 2005 and in the Netherlands in June 2005. The Treaty of Lisbon represents the European-wide political compromise that was agreed upon in the wake of the rejection of the Constitution. It preserves most of the content of the Constitution, especially the new rules on the functioning of the European Institutions, but gives up any symbolic reference to a Constitution. (See Treaty of Lisbon compared to the European Constitution.)
Lisbon I referendum.
The 'Twenty-eighth Amendment of the Constitution Bill 2008' was a proposal to amend the Constitution of Ireland to enable ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon (also known as the Reform Treaty) of the European Union, so it could be enacted as scheduled on 1 January 2009. As part of the enactment of the bill, a referendum was held on 12 June 2008.
The proposal was defeated by 53.4% to 46.6%, with a turnout of 53.1%.
Ireland is the only EU member state that has held public referendums on the Treaty. Ratification of the Treaty in all other member states is decided upon by the states' national parliaments. The referendum is part of the larger EU ratification of the Treaty, which requires that all EU members, and the European Parliament must ratify it. A "No" vote in the referendum could block the treaty in the EU altogether. However, the Treaty of Nice was ratified by Ireland in 2002 in a second referendum after the first vote rejected it by a narrow margin in 2001.
Accordingly the Irish government renegotiated the terms of the Treaty, adding areas where Ireland would have specific exclusions, which could be presented in a second referendum.
Polls beginning in January 2009 showed that the global economic crisis and particularly the 2008–2010 Irish financial crisis had changed the minds of Irish people in favour of the Treaty of Lisbon, with 55% saying they would vote to ratify the treaty if a new referendum was held, while 37% would vote against. Later in the month, 58% were in favour to 28% against. A poll from April 2009 saw 54% in favour and 24% against. Polls from May 2009 saw 52% in favour and 29% against, and later 54% in favour and 28% against.
In a widely publicised policy paper, published in October 2008, EU specialist Dr. John O'Brennan argued that, presuming that all other 26 member states ratified the Treaty by early 2009, the Irish government would have no option but to hold a second referendum. In November 2008 the Irish Foreign Minister Micheál Martin told his parliamentary Subcommittee on Ireland's Future in the European Union that there was "no question" of Ireland's EU partners putting pressure on its government, and that: "here is an appreciation that the result of the referendum reflected serious and genuinely held concerns".
Changes to the text.
Former wording.
The former wording of Article 29.4 of the Constitution of Ireland was:
1. The executive power of the State in or in connection with its external relations shall in accordance with Article 28 of this Constitution be exercised by or on the authority of the Government.
2. For the purpose of the exercise of any executive function of the State in or in connection with its external relations, the Government may to such extent and subject to such conditions, if any, as may be determined by law, avail of or adopt any organ, instrument, or method of procedure used or adopted for the like purpose by the members of any group or league of nations with which the State is or becomes associated for the purpose of international co-operation in matters of common concern.
3. The State may become a member of the European Coal and Steel Community (established by Treaty signed at Paris on the 18th day of April 1951), the European Economic Community (established by Treaty signed at Rome on the 25th day of March 1957) and the European Atomic Energy Community (established by Treaty signed at Rome on the 25th day of March 1957). The State may ratify the Single European Act (signed on behalf of the Member States of the Communities at Luxembourg on the 17th day of February 1986, and at the Hague on the 28th day of February 1986).
4. The State may ratify the Treaty on European Union signed at Maastricht on the 7th day of February 1992, and may become a member of that Union.
5. The State may ratify the Treaty of Amsterdam amending the Treaty on European Union, the Treaties establishing the European Communities and certain related Acts signed at Amsterdam on the 2nd day of October 1997.
6. The State may exercise the options or discretions provided by or under Articles 1.11, 2.5 and 2.15 of the Treaty referred to in subsection 5 of this section and the second and fourth Protocols set out in the said Treaty but any such exercise shall be subject to the prior approval of both Houses of the Oireachtas.
7. The State may ratify the Treaty of Nice amending the Treaty on European Union, the Treaties establishing the European Communities and certain related Acts signed at Nice on the 26th day of February 2001.
8. The State may exercise the options or discretions provided by or under Articles 1.6, 1.9, 1.11, 1.12, 1.13 and 2.1 of the Treaty referred to in subsection 7 of this section but any such exercise shall be subject to the prior approval of both Houses of the Oireachtas.
9. The State shall not adopt a decision taken by the European Council to establish a common defence pursuant to Article 1.2 of the Treaty referred to in subsection 7 of this section where that common defence would include the State.
10. No provision of this Constitution invalidates laws enacted, acts done or measures adopted by the State which are necessitated by the obligations of membership of the European Union or of the Communities, or prevents laws enacted, acts done or measures adopted by the European Union or by the Communities or by institutions thereof, or by bodies competent under the Treaties establishing the Communities, from having the force of law in the State.
11. The State may ratify the Agreement relating to Community Patents drawn up between the Member States of the Communities and done at Luxembourg on the 15th day of December 1989.
Changes.
3. The State may become a member of the European Coal and Steel Community (established by Treaty signed at Paris on the 18th day of April 1951), the European Economic Community (established by Treaty signed at Rome on the 25th day of March 1957) and the European Atomic Energy Community (established by Treaty signed at Rome on the 25th day of March 1957). The State may ratify the Single European Act (signed on behalf of the Member States of the Communities at Luxembourg on the 17th day of February 1986, and at the Hague on the 28th day of February 1986).
Voting.
There were 3,078,132 voters on the electoral register. With the exception of some outlying islands that went to the polls two days ahead of the rest of the country, official voting took place on Friday, 2 October 2009 between 07:00 and 22:00. Counting began the following morning at 09:00.
Results.
Reaction.
Taoiseach Brian Cowen said Ireland had taken "a decisive step" by passing the referendum. Tánaiste Mary Coughlan said the No vote across her home county, Donegal, was apparent from around a fortnight previously because of "mixed messages". Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny described it as "a mature, reflective decision". Eamon Gilmore, leader of the Labour Party, said it was both "sensible" and "necessary". President of the European Commission José Manuel Barroso said the vote ensured it was "a great day" for both Ireland and Europe. President of the European Parliament Jerzy Buzek stated that work would now get underway "to overcome the difficulties" that remained.
Declan Ganley, Libertas leader, said the unexpectedly high Yes vote demonstrated "how scared people are" of the state of the economy. This feeling was echoed by a certain proportion of voters, one of whose attitude was "I'm here because I have a vote and, basically, I've been told what to do with it". The Socialist Party's MEP Joe Higgins praised the performance of the No campaign. Sinn Féin's President Gerry Adams asked why the first referendum had been ignored. Sinn Féin Vice-President Mary Lou McDonald criticised the "dishonourable and depressing" Yes campaign. Richard Greene of Cóir promised the war against the Treaty would continue despite the second result, saying Cóir was "extremely disappointed that the voice of the people was not heard the first time around". Václav Klaus, President of the Czech Republic, described the vote as "tarnished since this is a repeated referendum". Nigel Farage, leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party, said the process had been no different from "a corrupt election in Zimbabwe or Afghanistan". Bruce Arnold, a columnist with the "Irish Independent", said the damage done to the disenfranchised by the "tainted outcome" of the referenda would "not be easily fixed".
Final formalities.
Subsequent to the referendum, the following formalities were observed:

</doc>
<doc id="20683388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683388" title="Anthony Sagar">
Anthony Sagar

Anthony Sagar (19 June 1920 – 24 January 1973) was an English character actor. Although rarely receiving top billing, he was regarded as a stalwart and appeared in many well-known films (including seven of the "Carry On" series) and in many television sitcoms and dramas such as "The Moonstone", "Dad's Army", "The Avengers" and "Steptoe and Son".
Career.
Sagar was born in Burnley, Lancashire and his early career was based solely in film. His first television role, in ""Dixon of Dock Green"" came at the age of 36. He stayed with police dramas, appearing in "Z-Cars", "Special Branch" and "New Scotland Yard". Even though he was a hardworking actor, his career was cut short because of his death at 52. Sagar shared the screen with many greats of British cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="20683390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683390" title="Paul Davis (sailor)">
Paul Davis (sailor)

Paul Davis (born 10 February 1958) is a Norwegian sailor and Olympic medalist. He received a bronze medal in the "Soling Class" at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, together with Herman Horn Johannessen and Espen Stokkeland.
Soling world Champion 2002 with Bill Abbott and Will Abbott,
Soling World Champion 2009 with Bill Abbott and Joanne Abbott,
Soling World Champion 2011 with Peter Hall and Phil Kerrigan,
Shark world Champion 2012 with Robert Davis and Brandon Tattersall,
He won the 2012 Soling world championship with Peter Hall and William Hall 

</doc>
<doc id="20683398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683398" title="Abil al-Qamh">
Abil al-Qamh

Abil al-Qamh () was a Palestinian village located near the Lebanese border norther of Safad.
History.
Abil al-Qamh was established on a site that had been inhabited since 2900 BCE and remained populated for over 2,000 years. It was captured by Thutmose III in 1468 BCE. During the Israelite period, under the reign of David, it was fortified, and later conquered by the Arameans. Then, it was incorporated into the Assyrian Empire in 734 BCE where it was known as Abel-Beth-Ma'aka. 
Under Mamluk rule in 1226 CE, Arab geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi mentions Abil al-Qamh as a village belonging to Banias, between Damascus and the Mediterranean Sea. Its Arabic name derives from its Aramaic; The first part of its name "abil" means "meadow" and the latter part "qamh" means "wheat". 
In 1517, Abil al-Qamh was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire, and by 1596 it was under the administration of the "nahiya" ("subdistrict") of Tibnin, part of Sanjak Safad. It paid taxes on wheat, barley, olives, beehives, vineyards, and goats. In the late 19th century, the village was described as near a stream, and containing a church and ancient ruins.
It was a part of the French Mandate of Lebanon until 1923 when it was incorporated into the British Mandate in Palestine. In the first half of the 20th century, Abil al-Qamh had a triangular outline that conformed to the hill on which it was built. Agriculture was the basis of its economy, and the village's abundant water supply earned it the local name of "Abil al-Mayya" meaning the "Meadow of Water". In 1944–45 the village had a total of 3,535 dunums allocated to cereals; while 299 dunums were irrigated or used for orchards. 
Abil al-Qamh was captured and depopulated on May 10, 1948 by the First Battalion of the Palmach commanded by Yigal Allon in Operation Yifatch. There was no fighting in the village, but after the fall of Safad to Israel and from a "whispering campaign" by local Jewish leaders to the heads of Arab villages ("makhatir") warning them of massive Jewish reinforcements arriving in the Galilee, the residents of Abil al-Qamh fled.
In 1952, Israel established the town of Yuval on village lands, from the village site. The site itself is "overgrown with grasses and weeds. A grove of trees stands in the northeast corner, and stones from destroyed houses are strewn throughout the site...," according to Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi. In recent years, Hezbollah has claimed that Abil al-Qamh and six other depopulated border villages belong to Lebanon.
Demographics.
According to Ottoman records in 1596, Abil al-Qamh had a population of 143. In 1931, the British recorded a population 229. The population rose to 330 Arabs, according to Sami Hadawi's land and population survey in 1945. The village had a mixed population of 230 Shia Muslims and 100 Arab Christians. 

</doc>
<doc id="20683399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683399" title="Herman Horn Johannessen">
Herman Horn Johannessen

Herman Horn Johannessen (born 4 April 1964) is a Norwegian sailor and Olympic medalist. He received a bronze medal in the "Soling Class" at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, together with Paul Davis and Espen Stokkeland. He also competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 470 class.
Outside of sports, Herman Horn Johannessen is the co-owner and manager of the company "Lisa", which produces jam and squash.

</doc>
<doc id="20683407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683407" title="Shadowdale">
Shadowdale

Shadowdale is the name of a fictional city and its surrounding areas in the Forgotten Realms line of Dungeons & Dragons products. It may refer to both

</doc>
<doc id="20683417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683417" title="Port Victoria P.V.8">
Port Victoria P.V.8

The Port Victoria P.V.8 Eastchurch Kitten was a prototype British fighter aircraft of the First World War designed and built by the Port Victoria Marine Experimental Aircraft Depot on the Isle of Grain. It was a small and light biplane with a conventional wheeled undercarriage intended to operate from platforms on small ships, but while it had good handling, an unreliable and underpowered engine meant that the aircraft did not enter production, with only one prototype being completed. In 2014, a replica Kitten - originally started in the 1980s - was completed by enthusiasts at the Yorkshire Air Museum.
Design and development.
In 1916, the British Admiralty produced a requirement for a small single seater fighter landplane intended to fly off short platforms on the forecastle of the Royal Navy's Destroyers and other small ships to provide a widely distributed airship interceptor. Orders were placed with the RNAS Experimental Flight at Eastchurch and the Marine Aircraft Experimental Department at Port Victoria on the Isle of Grain for single prototypes to meet this requirement.
G.H. Millar, the chief technical officer of the Eastchurch flight, designed a small, angular, single-bay biplane, named the Eastchurch Kitten, powered by the required 45 hp (34 kW) ABC Gnat engine. It was larger and heavier than the Isle of Grain design, with equi-span upper and lower wings, which had bracing wires that ran from the wings through the undercarriage axle to the opposite wing. Initially it had no fixed horizontal tailplane, being fitted with a balanced elevator. Armament was a single Lewis gun mounted to the top wing.
The Eastchurch Kitten was part built when Harry Busteed, the commander of the Eastchurch Experimental Flight, was posted to the Isle of Grain to take command of the Marine Aircraft Experimental Department, taking Millar and the part built Eastchurch Kitten with him to Port Victoria for completion. 
The Eastchurch Kitten was given the designation P.V.8, with the competing Port Victoria designed P.V.7, named the Grain Kitten, flying first in June 1917. The Eastchurch Kitten did not fly until 7 September 1917, powered by a 35 hp (26 kW) ungeared Gnat engine, as the originally planned engine was unavailable. After this first flight, when it was found to be unstable, it was fitted with a small fixed tailplane with revised elevators. Thus modified, it had superior performance and handling to the Grain Kitten, but was similarly plagued by the terrible unreliability of the Gnat. Official testing praised the view for the pilot and the handling but considered the aircraft too fragile for regular use.
No orders followed, with adapted versions of the Sopwith Camel, operating both from aircraft carriers and from lighters towed behind destroyers being used instead. The Eastchurch Kitten was packed for dispatch to the United States of America in March 1918 for evaluation, but it is uncertain whether it was actually dispatched.

</doc>
<doc id="20683424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683424" title="Holy Trinity Church, Cowes">
Holy Trinity Church, Cowes

Holy Trinity Church, Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in Cowes, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is was built in 1832 by the architect Benjamin Bramble.
It has an unusual location at the edge of the sea. Situated on rising land immediately behind the Royal Yacht Squadron it is prominently displayed to passing yachtsmen and its tiered gardens afford marvelous views over the busy waters of the Solent. 
It is constructed of Isle of Wight yellow brick in the gothic style with 100 feet long nave walls, 12 external buttresses, and a castellated tower. Inside, the pillar less nave is remarkably light and airy.
The Church was consecrated as "a place of worship on Cowes foreshore for sailors and seafarers" and it very soon acquired a Royal and yachting patronage which has continued from Queen Victoria to the present day. The nave bears a number of memorial plaques honouring past members of the Royal Yacht Squadron and in the gardens stands the Fastnet Memorial. This rock sculpture was erected in memory of sailors who were killed in the storm which struck the 1979 Fastnet race.
Parish status.
The church is grouped with St. Mary's Church, Cowes
Organ.
The church has a two-manual organ by Gray & Davison dating from 1891. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20683443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683443" title="Mercy Chapel at Mill Run">
Mercy Chapel at Mill Run

Mercy Chapel at Mill Run is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style church located at Selbysport, Garrett County, Maryland. It is a one story, one room frame structure built on an octagonal plan above a coursed stone foundation. The interior of the chapel is a fine example of local craftsmanship and is virtually unchanged since the 1870s. Two small graveyard plots lie adjacent to the chapel. It is one of the most architecturally sophisticated and well preserved octagonal buildings in Maryland, and one of only a dozen mid-19th century octagonal buildings surviving in Maryland. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20683469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683469" title="Maskerade (film)">
Maskerade (film)

Maskerade (also known as Maskerade in Wien, or Masquerade in Vienna), is an Austrian operetta film, and a classic of German language cinema. The exceptional script of this, a great example of the genre of the "Wiener Film", was by Walter Reisch and Willi Forst, who also directed. The German premiere was held in Berlin on 21 August 1934, the Austrian premiere in Vienna not until 26 September of the same year.
Plot.
The film is set in Viennese high society of about 1900. After a masked carnival ball, Gerda Harrandt (Hilde von Stolz), wife of the surgeon Carl Ludwig Harrandt (Peter Petersen), allows the fashionable artist Ferdinand von Heidenick (Adolf Wohlbrück) to paint a portrait of her wearing only a mask and a muff. This muff however belongs to Anita Keller (Olga Tschechowa), in secret the painter's lover but also the fiancée of the court orchestra director Paul Harrandt (Walter Janssen), the brother of Gerda's husband. 
The picture is published in the newspaper. When Paul sees it and asks von Heidenick some searching questions about the identity of the model, the artist is forced to improvise a story and on the spur of the moment invents a woman called Leopoldine Dur as the alleged model. Leopoldine Dur however turns out to be a real woman (Paula Wessely), whose acquaintance Heidenick makes shortly afterwards. This makes his lover Anita so jealous that she shoots him. He survives, and Leopoldine nurses him back to health, in the course of which they fall in love. The true identity of the sitter in the portrait remains a mystery, however.
Background.
In February 1934, in the middle of the brief Austrian Civil War, Walter Reisch and Willi Forst wrote the screenplay of "Maskerade" in the Hotel Kranz-Ambassador in Vienna. Filming began in the same month in the Rosenhügel Film Studios of Sascha-Film. It was only the second film directed by Willi Forst, but is nevertheless one of his masterpieces. It was also the first ever film role for the already distinguished stage actress Paula Wessely.
Production.
Since the microphones of the period were not very sensitive, they had to be brought as close to the performers as possible. Because of the visible shadows that the microphones would have cast under the intense lighting of the film sets they had to be hidden in many scenes behind all sorts of objects such as armchairs, bookshelves and vases. The actors had nevertheless to be constantly instructed to speak louder, which caused a number of problems in scenes in which by their nature it was necessary to speak quietly.
Essential to the visual success of the film was the contribution of the virtuoso of the film camera of 1930s Austria, Franz Planer, with his lively and beautifully lit compositions. The sets were the creation of Oskar Strnad, a great name of the contemporary Austrian art scene and lecturer at the School of Commercial Art ("Wiener Kunstgewerbeschule", now the "Universität für angewandte Kunst Wien"), assisted by Emil Stepanek. Strnad's costume designs however were passed over by Forst in favour of those by Gerdago, whose dress for Paula Wessely contributed both to the success of the film and to Wessely's breakthrough into films.
Willy Schmidt-Gentner composed the score. The declared production costs were 863,539,45 Austrian Schillings.
Remakes.
"Escapade".
Because of the film's great success it was remade in America in 1935 under the title "Escapade".
Operetta.
At the end of the 1970s Reisch wrote an operetta based on the film of "Maskerade" with his cousin Georg Kreisler, who composed the music. (Robert Stolz had initially been commissioned for the music but died in 1975 aged 95, just after he had begun work on it). The premiere took place in 1983 during the "Wiener Festwochen" in the Theater in der Josefstadt under Kreisler's musical direction, and the piece ran for two seasons to packed houses; it has never been performed since. Reisch did not live to see it performed, as he fell ill and died in Los Angeles on 28 March 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20683476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683476" title="St. Faith's Church, Cowes">
St. Faith's Church, Cowes

St. Faith's Church, Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in Cowes, Isle of Wight. In October 2013, the Diocese of Portsmouth revealed plans to close the church and merge the parish into a team ministry with other nearby churches. 
History.
The church is was built in 1909 by the architect J. Standen Adkins.
Organ.
A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20683488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683488" title="Wali Tasar Uddin">
Wali Tasar Uddin

Wali Tasar Uddin, MBE (; born 17 April 1952), is a Bangladeshi-born British entrepreneur, community leader and humanitarian.
Early life.
Uddin was born in Maulvi Bazar, Sylhet, Sylhet, East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) where he received his education in high school. In 1977, at the age of 25, he moved to the United Kingdom. Since his arrival, he first started to work in restaurants in London. In 1976, after gaining a good achievement in the catering business, he moved to Edinburgh, Scotland.
Career.
Community.
Uddin has received many awards for his contribution and work in the communities. In 1984, he was appointed as the Justice of the peace, the first Bangladeshi to do so, from 1993 to 1997 he became the first Bangladeshi to be the member of the Honorary Consul in Scotland. In 1995, Uddin was awarded an MBE, for his services to race relations.
Business.
Uddin is also notable for being successful in the Indian restaurant industry in Scotland, most well known for owning the Britannia Spice restaurant, which has received over 10 awards for being one of the top restaurants in Scotland. His son now runs the Verandah on Haymarket, which has been frequented by many A list stars including Clint Eastwood and Sir Cliff Richard. He also has long chain of Indian restaurant companies throughout the United Kingdom, and is the chairman of the Universal Koba Corporation Limited.
Current role(s).
Uddin is the current chairman of the British-Bangladesh Chamber of Commerce, which was created in 1991. The Chamber has operated as a networking business hub for the British Bangladeshi community who have British business or interests in Bangladesh. The organisation has held a number of trade and investment meetings with such as the Home Secretary and the then Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
Personal life.
Uddin is married to Syeda, and has five children.

</doc>
<doc id="20683495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683495" title="Kenneth Lamplugh">
Kenneth Lamplugh

The Rt Rev Kenneth Edward Norman Lamplugh (9 November 1901 – 2 October 1979) was the eighth Suffragan Bishop of Southampton.
He was educated at King's College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1926 he began his career with curacies at Lambeth and Pietermaritzburg. He was then Vicar of St Mary’s, Durban and after that Hartley Wintney. From 1942 he was Rural Dean of Lyndhurst and then (his final appointment before elevation to the Episcopate) Archdeacon of Lincoln. He died on 2 October 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20683505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683505" title="Valeria Andrews">
Valeria Andrews

Valeria Andrews, (born 15 March 1980) better known as Valeria, is an Australian dance pop singer-songwriter and actress, best known for her role in the film" Just Married". She released her debut album, titled" Freshly Squeezed" in February 2009 on iTunes, Amazon MP3, and Rhapsody, among others.
Early life.
Valeria was born and raised in Sydney, Australia. Her father was Australian and her mother is from Uruguay. Her parents married within two weeks of meeting, and due to the language barrier, divorced soon after. Valeria began singing at the age of three, by way of street performance, busking during the days and competing in talent contests at night. She eventually landed a role in Falstaff at the Sydney Opera House, and subsequently took on the title role in Annie with Sydney Youth Musical Theatre formally Hornsby.
Career.
Valeria Andrews' first movie acting role was in the film "Sister Act 2" (1993). She also co-wrote the song ""Pay Attention"" for that film's soundtrack. Valeria recorded two other songs featured in major motion picture soundtracks: "Rhythm of the Night" for "Moulin Rouge!" (2001) and ""Ooh La La"" for "Legally Blonde" (2001). Her dance single "Girl I Told Ya" was heard on the television series "Gossip Girl" (2007).  The video for "Girl I Told Ya", an hommage to Marie Antoinette, was shot on location in Hungary by director Marc Webb.
Valeria's best-known movie role is her portrayal of the amorous Wendy alongside Ashton Kutcher in "Just Married" (2003). Her other acting credits include a recurring role in the PBS series "American Family" (2002). She co-hosted an entire season of "Next Big Star" (2001), a talent competition show featuring Ed McMahon.  More recently, Valeria guest-starred on the ABC sitcoms "Freddie" (2005) and "George Lopez" (2004).
Two nights after the production of Annie came to a close, eleven-year-old Valeria and her father headed for America.  They rented a single apartment near Hollywood and Vine, and for the next five years they hit the iconic Venice boardwalk every weekend.  Armed only with a boom-box and an empty coffee can for contributions from passers by, she sang for her dinner.
In those early years, she played the lead in Alan & Marilyn Bergman's Santa Monica Coast Playhouse musical revue "How Do You Keep the Music Playing ?", performed to packed bases at the USO, and at the age of 14 signed with Motown Records as a member of a girl group.
Her teen years were marred with struggle as she ran away from home and her father was deported.  Valeria became a ward of the court, and rented rooms in homes until she was 18.  Gaining work when she could, she co-wrote and recorded songs for New Line Cinema's "Poison Ivy 2" (1996). She travelled to Kyoto, Japan, singing six nights a week at four shows a night in order to raise the money to produce a demo package back home in Los Angeles and market it to various record companies in the hopes of a contract.  The resulting six minute EPK made the rounds of the major labels and months later she signed with Interscope Records mogul Jimmy Iovine and Warner Chappell Publishing.
Andrews' debut studio album, "Freshly Squeezed" was originally set to be released through Interscope but she decided to move the project to a new label, Pink Lips. Instead, it was released onto Amazon.com download on 28 January 2009 and on iTunes on 10 February 2009. The record features the work of producers Dave Audé, Space Cowboy, and Madd Scientist and collaborators include Lady Gaga.
Discography.
Albums.
"Freshly Squeezed" (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="20683521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683521" title="Buddhism in Scotland">
Buddhism in Scotland

The arrival of Buddhism in Scotland is relatively recent. In Scotland Buddhists represent 0.13% of the population. People were asked both their current religion and that they were brought up in. 6,830 people gave Buddhism as their current religion, and 4,704 said they were brought up in it, with an overlap of 3,146.
History of Buddhism in Scotland.
The earliest Buddhist influence on Scotland came through its imperial connections with South East Asia, and as a result the early connections were with the Theravada traditions of Burma, Thailand, and Sri Lanka. To begin with, 150 years ago, this response was primarily scholarly, and a tradition of study grew up that eventually resulted in the foundation of the Pali Text Society, which undertook the huge task of translating the Pali Canon of Theravada Buddhist texts into English.
The rate of growth was slow but steady through the century, and the 1950s saw the development of interest in Zen Buddhism. In 1967 Kagyu Samyé Ling Monastery and Tibetan Centre was founded by Tibetan lamas and refugees Chögyam Trungpa Rinpoche and Akong Rinpoche. It is in Eskdalemuir, in south west Scotland and is the largest Tibetan Buddhist centre in Western Europe, and part of the Karma Kagyu tradition.
As well there are other Buddhism-based new religious movements such as the New Kadampa Tradition, Triratna Buddhist Community and Sōka Gakkai International. The Triratna community maintains a retreat centre at Balquhidder in the Trossachs.
Samyé Ling.
Kagyu Samyé Ling Monastery and Tibetan Centre monastery—founded in 1967—includes the largest Buddhist temple in western Europe. There is an associated community on Holy Isle which is owned by Samyé Ling who belong to the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism. The settlements on the island include the "Centre for World Peace and Health" and a retreat centre for nuns. Samyé Ling has also established centres in more than 20 countries, including Belgium, Ireland, Poland, South Africa, Spain and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20683530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683530" title="Painless (House)">
Painless (House)

"Painless" is the twelfth episode of the fifth season of "House" and the ninety-eighth episode overall. It aired on January 19, 2009.
Plot.
Jeff is admitted to the hospital after a suicide attempt; his wife and son found him unconscious in a garage filled with car exhaust fumes and managed to resuscitate him. Jeff has been suffering from chronic and severe pain all over his body for many years, and no doctor could find the cause or treatment. 
House, whose leg pain is worse than usual, takes up the case. The team starts with a 'pain profile' and a search of the patient's home. The chronic pain seems to be either from depression showing psychosomatic symptoms or from quail-related food poisoning. Multiple tests rule out all the suggestions, and Jeff's condition dramatically worsens. However, House finds out that Jeff blew air through the IV tube in another attempt to kill himself. House refuses to let him die, and Jeff is put on suicide watch. The team now suspects an inherited enzyme deficiency, but during the test, the pain suddenly intensifies and jumps from his arm to his leg. In order to make sure whether the pain is physical or psychosomatic, the team performs a test in which the spine is temporarily and completely blocked. House is puzzled when the patient reports he feels reduced pain during the procedure; he should either continue to feel the same pain or feel none at all.
Taub seems to take a certain distaste toward Jeff's actions, and repeatedly belittles him for trying to kill himself and reminding him of the damage his family would suffer. Kutner is intrigued and assumes someone in Taub's family has committed suicide and has left Taub with some emotional baggage. Taub claims someone he worked with tried to kill himself and nearly destroyed his family, but Kutner believes that the person Taub talked about was Taub himself although he denies it.
Jeff's son appears to have a similar condition when he is found writhing and screaming in pain on the hospital floor. However, House asserts he is bluffing, and the son confesses that it was a diversion so that his father can drink isopropyl alcohol and commit suicide. He breaks down saying he cannot stand to see his father living in pain. The team now believes that the painkillers Jeff has been taking were misinterpreted by the stressed brain as pain. As a last resort, Jeff is taken off all his drugs so that his brain can 'recalibrate', but he begins to feel excruciating pain and shows no improvement over time. Jeff's wife begs House to let him go home and kill himself in peace, and House reluctantly agrees as he understands Jeff's pain.
Meanwhile, House has been having problems with plumbing at home. He refuses to accept that the leaks and the collapsed ceiling were caused by negligence and therefore not covered under insurance. House ultimately bribes the plumber to lie on his report, though later on House discovers that it was as a result of his own negligence (using the exposed pipe in his shower as a brace to get into/out of the bathtub). During the conversation, House has a revelation when the plumber scratches his own genital area. House diagnoses the patient with epilepsy; it began in the muscles of the testicle and 'rewired' the neurons of the related region in the brain too deep to be detected by EEG. A test confirms it and Jeff is finally relieved of his intense pain.
Throughout the diagnosis, Thirteen continues the drug trial for her Huntington's disease under Foreman's supervision. Thirteen admits to Foreman that she likes him, but refuses to have a relationship because of the impending symptoms of her disease. Thirteen gradually finds hope after witnessing another drug trial patient getting better, and agrees to date Foreman at the end of the episode. However, Foreman accidentally finds out that Thirteen has been on placebo all along.
Cuddy stays at home getting prepared for an inspection from the Division of Youth and Family Services. Although she eventually passes the inspection with ease, she is doubtful if she meets her own expectations in raising Rachel. Wilson advises her to stop creating ridiculous standards for herself and get help. At the end of the episode, Cuddy asks Cameron if she would like to take up her job as Dean of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20683531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683531" title="Oskari Rissanen">
Oskari Rissanen

Oskari ("Olavi") Rissanen (March 21, 1893 – February 11, 1957) was a Finnish track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kuopion maalaiskunta, Northern Savonia (now part of Kuopio) and died in Kuopio.
In 1920 he qualified for the final of the 3000 metre steeplechase event but did not compete in the race.

</doc>
<doc id="20683533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683533" title="List of NBA on ABC broadcasters">
List of NBA on ABC broadcasters


</doc>
<doc id="20683540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683540" title="Eglinton Street railway station">
Eglinton Street railway station

Eglinton Street railway station was a railway station approximately one mile south of , in the Laurieston area of Gorbals, Glasgow.
History.
Sources published in the late 20th century claim that this station opened on Sunday 28 February 1909, which would have been highly unlikely given Scotland's sabbatarian culture at the time. Contemporary sources, such as railway notices, timetables, maps and Post Office Directories, show that the station existed nearly 30 years before that date.
When the station opened, on 1 July 1879, it allowed Caledonian Railway trains from Edinburgh and Lanarkshire, which had previously terminated at to reach Bridge Street to connect with trains for Greenock and Wemyss Bay, with through carriages being provided from Edinburgh to stations on the Glasgow, Paisley and Greenock Railway and Greenock and Wemyss Bay Railway. These continued to terminate at Bridge Street even after Central Station had opened on 1 August 1879. 
On 19 March 1883, there was a collision between two trains at Eglinton Street station in which four people died and many more were injured. The crash involved the 6:15pm train from Central Station to East Kilbride and the 5pm train from Edinburgh to Glasgow Central, which had stopped at Eglinton Street Station. The driver of the Edinburgh train failed to heed the signal against the train leaving the station. The East Kilbride train had left Central on time and had a clear signal to proceed. It was slowing down when it collided with the Edinburgh train which was getting up steam. The drivers and firemen of both trains survived the crash, having been violently thrown from their engines.
Opened by the Caledonian Railway on the former routes of the Cathcart District Railway and Polloc and Govan Railway on the southern approached to Glasgow Central, Eglinton Street station became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station was located in the routes to the:
The station was closed in 1965.
The site today.
Some parts of Eglinton Street station remain intact today, including sections of the platforms and access towers from the station platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="20683553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683553" title="St. James's Church, East Cowes">
St. James's Church, East Cowes

St. James's Church, East Cowes is a parish church in the Church of England located in East Cowes, Isle of Wight.
History.
The church is was built in 1831 by the architect John Nash. The land was given by Thomas Chamberlayne Esq., of Cranberry Park. On 6 September 1831, the twelve-year-old Princess Victoria laid the foundation stone of the new church. Construction of the church was completed by 1833 and on 12 July 1833, Princess Victoria and her mother the Duchess of Kent attended the consecration service by Charles Richard Sumner the Bishop of Winchester. The total cost of the build was £3,000.
Between 1864 and 1868, the church was greatly enlarged and altered by the architect Thomas Hellyer. 
In 1870, the chancel was added, as well as a private chapel.
In June 2009, a new project started allowing the congregation of the church to meet before services to have breakfast together.
Yearly, the church also holds a Jigsaw Puzzle Festival, which is during August and lasts for one week.
Parish status.
The church is in a United Benefice with St. Mildred's Church, Whippingham.

</doc>
<doc id="20683557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683557" title="Basile Adjou Moumouni">
Basile Adjou Moumouni

Basile Adjou Moumouni (born October 25, 1922) is a Beninese physician. He was active in his native country when the west Africa country of Republic of Benin was called Dahomey. Spending almost his entire adult life outside his native country, he worked for the World Health Organization in Brazzaville. In the 1968 presidential election, he won with over 80 percent of the vote. This decision was annulled, however, by incumbent President Alphonse Alley because organised demonstrations prohibited almost three-quarters of the electorate from casting their ballots.
Early life.
Moumouni was born in Cotonou on October 25, 1922. Moumounti graduated from the Victor Segalen Bordeaux 2 University of the University of Bordeaux in France with a Doctorate of Medicine, and later qualified as a Master of Public Health and Science, obtained respectively in Montreal, Canada and Chicago, United States. After his university studies, Moumoni returned to Cotonou, where he practised as a physician until 1959, and would later spend much of his adult life outside Dahomey's borders. When independence was obtained, Moumouni was appointed Director of the Ministry of Health for his country. From 1963 to 1968, he worked for the World Health Organization in Brazzaville, Congo.
1968 presidential election.
Moumouni was one of five candidates in his country's presidential election held on May 15, 1968. He was heavily backed by supporters of former premier Justin Ahomadegbé-Tomêtin and won the election with 83 percent of the vote, and 241,120 ballots of 289,079 cast. This made Moumouni the first democratically elected president of Dahomey since January 1964. However, only 27.6 percent of eligible voters actually voted. The election results were annulled by President Alphonse Amadou Alley because organised demonstrations prohibited almost three-quarters of the electorate from casting their ballots.
Medical journalism.
Moumoni returned to Brazzaville after the elections. He would continue with his medical research, particularly into public health services, publishing numerous books in collaboration with other distinguished physicians. In 1970, along with people such as L. Atayi and L. Charles, he published the book in Brazzaville, " Une Conception intégrée des services de santé publique dans la Région africaine.", a study of current public health issues within the Africa region, working for the Bureau régional de l'Afrique.
Mounmouni rejoined the World Health Organization and continued to publish his studies into African public health. In 1985 he collaborated with others once again to publish the book, "Trainer's guide for health management: strengthening of public health delivery systems in Central and West Africa." published under the WHO.
Later life.
Moumouni retired from his medical career in 1991. Following this, he would continue as a writer, broadening his writing to cover topics such as politics and government, socio-economic conditions and even the history of Benin. On June 14, 2007, Moumouni released his book "Pour un Bénin métamorphosé, la Nation que nous voulons", a book which examined political and socio-economic conditions in Benin since 1960. He worked on the book for seven years. The book was critically acclaimed, Professor Felix Iroko calling it Moumouni's victory on adversity.
Moumouni was also a professor at the University of Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo and for the Harvard Institute for International Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20683570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683570" title="Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station (Oakland)">
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station (Oakland)

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Station, Oakland is a historic railway station located at Oakland, Garrett County, Maryland. It is a large brick structure with a two-story central section and one-story wings extending from each end along the railroad tracks. It was designed by Baldwin and Pennington, and built in 1884 by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to support the development of Oakland and Garrett County as a resort area. It is one of the finest remaining examples in Maryland of a Queen Anne style railroad station.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. Nevertheless it was revived for service on Amtrak's "Shenandoah" between 1976 and 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20683573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20683573" title="Catalog of articles in probability theory">
Catalog of articles in probability theory

This page lists articles related to probability theory. In particular, it lists many articles corresponding to specific probability distributions. Such articles are marked here by a code of the form (X:Y), which refers to number of random variables involved and the type of the distribution. For example (2:DC) indicates a distribution with two random variables, discrete or continuous. Other codes are just abbreviations for topics. The list of codes can be found in the table of contents.
Core probability: selected topics.
Probability theory
Basic notions (bsc).
Random variable<br>
Continuous probability distribution / (1:C)<br>
Cumulative distribution function / (1:DCR)<br>
Discrete probability distribution / (1:D)<br>
Independent and identically-distributed random variables / (FS:BDCR)<br>
Joint probability distribution / (F:DC)<br>
Marginal distribution / (2F:DC)<br>
Probability density function / (1:C)<br>
Probability distribution / (1:DCRG)<br>
Probability distribution function<br>
Probability mass function / (1:D)<br>
Sample space<br>
Instructive examples (paradoxes) (iex).
Berkson's paradox / (2:B)<br>
Bertrand's box paradox / (F:B)<br>
Borel–Kolmogorov paradox / cnd (2:CM)<br>
Boy or Girl paradox / (2:B)<br>
Exchange paradox / (2:D)<br>
Monty Hall problem / (F:B)<br>
Necktie paradox<br>
Nontransitive dice<br>
Simpson's paradox<br>
Sleeping Beauty problem<br>
St. Petersburg paradox / mnt (1:D)<br>
Three Prisoners problem<br>
Two envelopes problem<br>
Moments (mnt).
Expected value / (12:DCR)<br>
Canonical correlation / (F:R)<br>
Carleman's condition / anl (1:R)<br>
Central moment / (1:R)<br>
Coefficient of variation / (1:R)<br>
Correlation / (2:R)<br>
Correlation function / (U:R)<br>
Covariance / (2F:R) (1:G)<br>
Covariance function / (U:R)<br>
Covariance matrix / (F:R)<br>
Cumulant / (12F:DCR)<br>
Factorial moment / (1:R)<br>
Factorial moment generating function / anl (1:R)<br>
Fano factor<br>
Geometric standard deviation / (1:R)<br>
Hamburger moment problem / anl (1:R)<br>
Hausdorff moment problem / anl (1:R)<br>
Isserlis Gaussian moment theorem / Gau<br>
Jensen's inequality / (1:DCR)<br>
Kurtosis / (1:CR)<br>
Law of the unconscious statistician / (1:DCR)<br>
Moment / (12FU:CRG)<br>
Law of total covariance / (F:R)<br>
Law of total cumulance / (F:R)<br>
Law of total expectation / (F:DR)<br>
Law of total variance / (F:R)<br>
Logmoment generating function<br>
Marcinkiewicz–Zygmund inequality / inq<br>
Method of moments / lmt (L:R)<br>
Moment problem / anl (1:R)<br>
Moment-generating function / anl (1F:R)<br>
Second moment method / (1FL:DR)<br>
Skewness / (1:R)<br>
St. Petersburg paradox / iex (1:D)<br>
Standard deviation / (1:DCR)<br>
Standardized moment / (1:R)<br>
Stieltjes moment problem / anl (1:R)<br>
Trigonometric moment problem / anl (1:R)<br>
Uncorrelated / (2:R)<br>
Variance / (12F:DCR)<br>
Variance-to-mean ratio / (1:R)<br>
Inequalities (inq).
Chebyshev's inequality / (1:R)<br>
An inequality on location and scale parameters / (1:R)<br>
Azuma's inequality / (F:BR)<br>
Bennett's inequality / (F:R)<br>
Bernstein inequalities / (F:R)<br>
Bhatia–Davis inequality<br>
Chernoff bound / (F:B)<br>
Doob's martingale inequality / (FU:R)<br>
Dudley's theorem / Gau<br>
Entropy power inequality<br>
Etemadi's inequality / (F:R)<br>
Gauss's inequality<br>
Hoeffding's inequality / (F:R)<br>
Khintchine inequality / (F:B)<br>
Kolmogorov's inequality / (F:R)<br>
Marcinkiewicz–Zygmund inequality / mnt<br>
Markov's inequality / (1:R)<br>
McDiarmid's inequality<br>
Multidimensional Chebyshev's inequality<br>
Paley–Zygmund inequality / (1:R)<br>
Pinsker's inequality / (2:R)<br>
Vysochanskiï–Petunin inequality / (1:C)<br>
Markov chains, processes, fields, networks (Mar).
Markov chain / (FLSU:D)<br>
Additive Markov chain<br>
Bayesian network / Bay<br>
Birth-death process / (U:D)<br>
CIR process / scl<br>
Chapman–Kolmogorov equation / (F:DC)<br>
Cheeger bound / (L:D)<br>
Conductance<br>
Contact process<br>
Continuous-time Markov process / (U:D)<br>
Detailed balance / (F:D)<br>
Examples of Markov chains / (FL:D)<br>
Feller process / (U:G)<br>
Fokker–Planck equation / scl anl<br>
Foster's theorem / (L:D)<br>
Gauss–Markov process / Gau<br>
Geometric Brownian motion / scl<br>
Hammersley–Clifford theorem / (F:C)<br>
Harris chain / (L:DC)<br>
Hidden Markov model / (F:D)<br>
Hidden Markov random field<br>
Hunt process / (U:R)<br>
Kalman filter / (F:C)<br>
Kolmogorov backward equation / scl<br>
Kolmogorov’s criterion / (F:D)<br>
Kolmogorov’s generalized criterion / (U:D)<br>
Krylov–Bogolyubov theorem / anl<br>
Lumpability<br>
Markov additive process<br>
Markov blanket / Bay<br>
Markov chain mixing time / (L:D)<br>
Markov decision process<br>
Markov information source<br>
Markov kernel<br>
Markov logic network<br>
Markov network<br>
Markov process / (U:D)<br>
Markov property / (F:D)<br>
Markov random field<br>
Master equation / phs (U:D)<br>
Milstein method / scl<br>
Moran process<br>
Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process / Gau scl<br>
Partially observable Markov decision process<br>
Product-form solution / spr<br>
Quantum Markov chain / phs<br>
Semi-Markov process<br>
Stochastic matrix / anl<br>
Telegraph process / (U:B)<br>
Variable-order Markov model<br>
Wiener process / Gau scl<br>
Gaussian random variables, vectors, functions (Gau).
Normal distribution / spd<br>
Abstract Wiener space<br>
Brownian bridge<br>
Classical Wiener space<br>
Concentration dimension<br>
Dudley's theorem / inq<br>
Estimation of covariance matrices<br>
Fractional Brownian motion<br>
Gaussian isoperimetric inequality<br>
Gaussian measure / anl<br>
Gaussian random field<br>
Gauss–Markov process / Mar<br>
Integration of the normal density function / spd anl<br>
Gaussian process<br>
Isserlis Gaussian moment theorem / mnt<br>
Karhunen–Loève theorem<br>
Large deviations of Gaussian random functions / lrd<br>
Lévy's modulus of continuity theorem / (U:R)<br>
Matrix normal distribution / spd<br>
Multivariate normal distribution / spd<br>
Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process / Mar scl<br>
Paley–Wiener integral / anl<br>
Pregaussian class<br>
Schilder's theorem / lrd<br>
Wiener process / Mar scl<br>
Conditioning (cnd).
Conditioning / (2:BDCR)<br>
Bayes' theorem / (2:BCG)<br>
Borel–Kolmogorov paradox / iex (2:CM)<br>
Conditional expectation / (2:BDR)<br>
Conditional independence / (3F:BR)<br>
Conditional probability<br>
Conditional probability distribution / (2:DC)<br>
Conditional random field / (F:R)<br>
Disintegration theorem / anl (2:G)<br>
Inverse probability / Bay<br>
Luce's choice axiom<br>
Regular conditional probability / (2:G)<br>
Rule of succession / (F:B)<br>
Specific distributions (spd).
Binomial distribution / (1:D)<br>
(a,b,0) class of distributions / (1:D)<br>
Anscombe transform<br>
Bernoulli distribution / (1:B)<br>
Beta distribution / (1:C)<br>
Bose–Einstein statistics / (F:D)<br>
Cantor distribution / (1:C)<br>
Cauchy distribution / (1:C)<br>
Chi-squared distribution / (1:C)<br>
Compound Poisson distribution / (F:DR)<br>
Degenerate distribution / (1:D)<br>
Dirichlet distribution / (F:C)<br>
Discrete phase-type distribution / (1:D)<br>
Erlang distribution / (1:C)<br>
Exponential-logarithmic distribution / (1:C)<br>
Exponential distribution / (1:C)<br>
F-distribution / (1:C)<br>
Fermi–Dirac statistics / (1F:D)<br>
Fisher–Tippett distribution / (1:C)<br>
Gamma distribution / (1:C)<br>
Generalized normal distribution / (1:C)<br>
Geometric distribution / (1:D)<br>
Half circle distribution / (1:C)<br>
Hypergeometric distribution / (1:D)<br>
Normal distribution / Gau<br>
Integration of the normal density function / Gau anl<br>
Lévy distribution / (1:C)<br>
Matrix normal distribution / Gau<br>
Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics / (F:D)<br>
McCullagh's parametrization of the Cauchy distributions / (1:C)<br>
Multinomial distribution / (F:D)<br>
Multivariate normal distribution / Gau<br>
Negative binomial distribution / (1:D)<br>
Pareto distribution / (1:C)<br>
Phase-type distribution / (1:C)<br>
Poisson distribution / (1:D)<br>
Power law / (1:C)<br>
Skew normal distribution / (1:C)<br>
Stable distribution / (1:C)<br>
Student's t-distribution / (1:C)<br>
Tracy–Widom distribution / rmt<br>
Triangular distribution / (1:C)<br>
Weibull distribution / (1:C)<br>
Wigner semicircle distribution / (1:C)<br>
Wishart distribution / (F:C)<br>
Zeta distribution / (1:D)<br>
Zipf's law / (1:D)<br>
Empirical measure (emm).
Donsker's theorem / (LU:C)<br>
Empirical distribution function<br>
Empirical measure / (FL:RG) (U:D)<br>
Empirical process / (FL:RG) (U:D)<br>
Glivenko–Cantelli theorem / (FL:RG) (U:D)<br>
Khmaladze transformation / (FL:RG) (U:D)<br>
Vapnik–Chervonenkis theory<br>
Limit theorems (lmt).
Central limit theorem / (L:R)<br>
Berry–Esseen theorem / (F:R)<br>
Characteristic function / anl (1F:DCR)<br>
De Moivre–Laplace theorem / (L:BD)<br>
Helly–Bray theorem / anl (L:R)<br>
Illustration of the central limit theorem / (L:DC)<br>
Lindeberg's condition<br>
Lyapunov's central limit theorem / (L:R)<br>
Lévy's continuity theorem / anl (L:R)<br>
Lévy's convergence theorem / (S:R)<br>
Martingale central limit theorem / (S:R)<br>
Method of moments / mnt (L:R)<br>
Slutsky's theorem / anl<br>
Weak convergence of measures / anl<br>
Large deviations (lrd).
Large deviations theory<br>
Contraction principle<br>
Cramér's theorem<br>
Exponentially equivalent measures<br>
Freidlin–Wentzell theorem<br>
Laplace principle<br>
Large deviations of Gaussian random functions / Gau<br>
Rate function<br>
Schilder's theorem / Gau<br>
Tilted large deviation principle<br>
Varadhan's lemma<br>
Random graphs (rgr).
Random graph<br>
BA model<br>
Barabási–Albert model<br>
Erdős–Rényi model<br>
Percolation theory / phs (L:B)<br>
Percolation threshold / phs<br>
Random geometric graph<br>
Random regular graph<br>
Watts and Strogatz model<br>
Random matrices (rmt).
Random matrix<br>
Circular ensemble<br>
Gaussian matrix ensemble<br>
Tracy–Widom distribution / spd<br>
Weingarten function / anl<br>
Stochastic calculus (scl).
Itô calculus<br>
Bessel process<br>
CIR process / Mar<br>
Doléans-Dade exponential<br>
Dynkin's formula<br>
Euler–Maruyama method<br>
Feynman–Kac formula<br>
Filtering problem<br>
Fokker–Planck equation / Mar anl<br>
Geometric Brownian motion / Mar<br>
Girsanov theorem<br>
Green measure<br>
Heston model / fnc<br>
Hörmander's condition / anl<br>
Infinitesimal generator<br>
Itô's lemma<br>
Itō calculus<br>
Itō diffusion<br>
Itō isometry<br>
Itō's lemma<br>
Kolmogorov backward equation / Mar<br>
Local time<br>
Milstein method / Mar<br>
Novikov's condition<br>
Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process / Gau Mar<br>
Quadratic variation<br>
Random dynamical system / rds<br>
Reversible diffusion<br>
Runge–Kutta method<br>
Russo–Vallois integral<br>
Schramm–Loewner evolution<br>
Semimartingale<br>
Stochastic calculus<br>
Stochastic differential equation<br>
Stochastic processes and boundary value problems / anl<br>
Stratonovich integral<br>
Tanaka equation<br>
Tanaka's formula<br>
Wiener process / Gau Mar<br>
Wiener sausage<br>
Malliavin calculus (Mal).
Malliavin calculus<br>
Clark–Ocone theorem<br>
H-derivative<br>
Integral representation theorem for classical Wiener space<br>
Integration by parts operator<br>
Malliavin derivative<br>
Malliavin's absolute continuity lemma<br>
Ornstein–Uhlenbeck operator<br>
Skorokhod integral<br>
Random dynamical systems (rds).
Random dynamical system / scl<br>
Absorbing set<br>
Base flow<br>
Pullback attractor
Analytic aspects (including measure theoretic) (anl).
Probability space<br>
Carleman's condition / mnt (1:R)<br>
Characteristic function / lmt (1F:DCR)<br>
Contiguity#Probability theory<br>
Càdlàg<br>
Disintegration theorem / cnd (2:G)<br>
Dynkin system<br>
Exponential family<br>
Factorial moment generating function / mnt (1:R)<br>
Filtration<br>
Fokker–Planck equation / scl Mar<br>
Gaussian measure / Gau<br>
Hamburger moment problem / mnt (1:R)<br>
Hausdorff moment problem / mnt (1:R)<br>
Helly–Bray theorem / lmt (L:R)<br>
Hörmander's condition / scl<br>
Integration of the normal density function / spd Gau<br>
Kolmogorov extension theorem / (SU:R)<br>
Krylov–Bogolyubov theorem / Mar<br>
Law (stochastic processes) / (U:G)<br>
Location-scale family<br>
Lévy's continuity theorem / lmt (L:R)<br>
Minlos' theorem<br>
Moment problem / mnt (1:R)<br>
Moment-generating function / mnt (1F:R)<br>
Natural filtration / (U:G)<br>
Paley–Wiener integral / Gau<br>
Sazonov's theorem<br>
Slutsky's theorem / lmt<br>
Standard probability space<br>
Stieltjes moment problem / mnt (1:R)<br>
Stochastic matrix / Mar<br>
Stochastic processes and boundary value problems / scl<br>
Trigonometric moment problem / mnt (1:R)<br>
Weak convergence of measures / lmt<br>
Weingarten function / rmt<br>
Core probability: other articles, by number and type of random variables.
A single random variable (1:).
Binary (1:B).
Bernoulli trial / (1:B)<br>
Complementary event / (1:B)<br>
Entropy / (1:BDC)<br>
Event / (1:B)<br>
Indecomposable distribution / (1:BDCR)<br>
Indicator function / (1F:B)<br>
Discrete (1:D).
Binomial probability / (1:D)<br>
Continuity correction / (1:DC)<br>
Entropy / (1:BDC)<br>
Equiprobable / (1:D)<br>
Hann function / (1:D)<br>
Indecomposable distribution / (1:BDCR)<br>
Infinite divisibility / (1:DCR)<br>
Le Cam's theorem / (F:B) (1:D)<br>
Limiting density of discrete points / (1:DC)<br>
Mean difference / (1:DCR)<br>
Memorylessness / (1:DCR)<br>
Probability vector / (1:D)<br>
Probability-generating function / (1:D)<br>
Tsallis entropy / (1:DC)<br>
Continuous (1:C).
Almost surely / (1:C) (LS:D)<br>
Continuity correction / (1:DC)<br>
Edgeworth series / (1:C)<br>
Entropy / (1:BDC)<br>
Indecomposable distribution / (1:BDCR)<br>
Infinite divisibility / (1:DCR)<br>
Limiting density of discrete points / (1:DC)<br>
Location parameter / (1:C)<br>
Mean difference / (1:DCR)<br>
Memorylessness / (1:DCR)<br>
Monotone likelihood ratio / (1:C)<br>
Scale parameter / (1:C)<br>
Stability / (1:C)<br>
Stein's lemma / (12:C)<br>
Truncated distribution / (1:C)<br>
Tsallis entropy / (1:DC)<br>
Real-valued, arbitrary (1:R).
Heavy-tailed distribution / (1:R)<br>
Indecomposable distribution / (1:BDCR)<br>
Infinite divisibility / (1:DCR)<br>
Locality / (1:R)<br>
Mean difference / (1:DCR)<br>
Memorylessness / (1:DCR)<br>
Quantile / (1:R)<br>
Survival function / (1:R)<br>
Taylor expansions for the moments of functions of random variables / (1:R)<br>
Random point of a manifold (1:M).
Bertrand's paradox / (1:M)
General (random element of an abstract space) (1:G).
Pitman–Yor process / (1:G)<br>
Random compact set / (1:G)<br>
Random element / (1:G)
Two random variables (2:).
Binary (2:B).
Coupling / (2:BRG)<br>
Craps principle / (2:B)
Discrete (2:D).
Kullback–Leibler divergence / (2:DCR)<br>
Mutual information / (23F:DC)
Continuous (2:C).
Copula / (2F:C)<br>
Cramér's theorem / (2:C)<br>
Kullback–Leibler divergence / (2:DCR)<br>
Mutual information / (23F:DC)<br>
Normally distributed and uncorrelated does not imply independent / (2:C)<br>
Posterior probability / Bay (2:C)<br>
Stein's lemma / (12:C)<br>
Real-valued, arbitrary (2:R).
Coupling / (2:BRG)<br>
Hellinger distance / (2:R)<br>
Kullback–Leibler divergence / (2:DCR)<br>
Lévy metric / (2:R)<br>
Total variation#Total variation distance in probability theory / (2:R)<br>
General (random element of an abstract space) (2:G).
Coupling / (2:BRG)<br>
Lévy–Prokhorov metric / (2:G)<br>
Wasserstein metric / (2:G)
Three random variables (3:).
Binary (3:B).
Pairwise independence / (3:B) (F:R)
Discrete (3:D).
Mutual information / (23F:DC)
Continuous (3:C).
Mutual information / (23F:DC)
Finitely many random variables (F:).
Binary (F:B).
Bertrand's ballot theorem / (F:B)<br>
Boole's inequality / (FS:B)<br>
Coin flipping / (F:B)<br>
Collectively exhaustive events / (F:B)<br>
Inclusion-exclusion principle / (F:B)<br>
Independence / (F:BR)<br>
Indicator function / (1F:B)<br>
Law of total probability / (F:B)<br>
Le Cam's theorem / (F:B) (1:D)<br>
Leftover hash-lemma / (F:B)<br>
Lovász local lemma / (F:B)<br>
Mutually exclusive / (F:B)<br>
Random walk / (FLS:BD) (U:C)<br>
Schuette–Nesbitt formula / (F:B)<br>
Discrete (F:D).
Coupon collector's problem / gmb (F:D)<br>
Coupon collector's problem (generating function approach) / gmb (F:D)<br>
Graphical model / (F:D)<br>
Kirkwood approximation / (F:D)<br>
Mutual information / (23F:DC)<br>
Random field / (F:D)<br>
Random walk / (FLS:BD) (U:C)<br>
Stopped process / (FU:DG)<br>
Continuous (F:C).
Anderson's theorem#Application to probability theory / (F:C)<br>
Autoregressive integrated moving average / (FS:C)<br>
Autoregressive model / (FS:C)<br>
Autoregressive moving average model / (FS:C)<br>
Copula / (2F:C)<br>
Maxwell's theorem / (F:C)<br>
Moving average model / (FS:C)<br>
Mutual information / (23F:DC)<br>
Schrödinger method / (F:C)<br>
Real-valued, arbitrary (F:R).
Bapat–Beg theorem / (F:R)<br>
Comonotonicity / (F:R)<br>
Doob martingale / (F:R)<br>
Independence / (F:BR)<br>
Littlewood–Offord problem / (F:R)<br>
Lévy flight / (F:R) (U:C)<br>
Martingale / (FU:R)<br>
Martingale difference sequence / (F:R)<br>
Maximum likelihood / (FL:R)<br>
Multivariate random variable / (F:R)<br>
Optional stopping theorem / (FS:R)<br>
Pairwise independence / (3:B) (F:R)<br>
Stopping time / (FU:R)<br>
Time series / (FS:R)<br>
Wald's equation / (FS:R)<br>
Wick product / (F:R)<br>
General (random element of an abstract space) (F:G).
Finite-dimensional distribution / (FU:G)<br>
Hitting time / (FU:G)<br>
Stopped process / (FU:DG)
A large number of random variables (finite but tending to infinity) (L:).
Binary (L:B).
Random walk / (FLS:BD) (U:C)
Discrete (L:D).
Almost surely / (1:C) (LS:D)<br>
Gambler's ruin / gmb (L:D)<br>
Loop-erased random walk / (L:D) (U:C)<br>
Preferential attachment / (L:D)<br>
Random walk / (FLS:BD) (U:C)<br>
Typical set / (L:D)<br>
Real-valued, arbitrary (L:R).
Convergence of random variables / (LS:R)<br>
Law of large numbers / (LS:R)<br>
Maximum likelihood / (FL:R)<br>
Stochastic convergence / (LS:R)<br>
An infinite sequence of random variables (S:).
Binary (S:B).
Bernoulli process / (S:B)<br>
Boole's inequality / (FS:B)<br>
Borel–Cantelli lemma / (S:B)<br>
De Finetti's theorem / (S:B)<br>
Exchangeable random variables / (S:BR)<br>
Random walk / (FLS:BD) (U:C)<br>
Discrete (S:D).
Almost surely / (1:C) (LS:D)<br>
Asymptotic equipartition property / (S:DC)<br>
Bernoulli scheme / (S:D)<br>
Branching process / (S:D)<br>
Chinese restaurant process / (S:D)<br>
Galton–Watson process / (S:D)<br>
Information source / (S:D)<br>
Random walk / (FLS:BD) (U:C)<br>
Continuous (S:C).
Asymptotic equipartition property / (S:DC)<br>
Autoregressive integrated moving average / (FS:C)<br>
Autoregressive model / (FS:C)<br>
Autoregressive moving average model / (FS:C)<br>
Moving average model / (FS:C)<br>
Real-valued, arbitrary (S:R).
Big O in probability notation / (S:R)<br>
Convergence of random variables / (LS:R)<br>
Doob's martingale convergence theorems / (SU:R)<br>
Ergodic theory / (S:R)<br>
Exchangeable random variables / (S:BR)<br>
Hewitt–Savage zero-one law / (S:RG)<br>
Kolmogorov's zero-one law / (S:R)<br>
Law of large numbers / (LS:R)<br>
Law of the iterated logarithm / (S:R)<br>
Maximal ergodic theorem / (S:R)<br>
Op (statistics) / (S:R)<br>
Optional stopping theorem / (FS:R)<br>
Stationary process / (SU:R)<br>
Stochastic convergence / (LS:R)<br>
Stochastic process / (SU:RG)<br>
Time series / (FS:R)<br>
Uniform integrability / (S:R)<br>
Wald's equation / (FS:R)<br>
General (random element of an abstract space) (S:G).
Hewitt–Savage zero-one law / (S:RG)<br>
Mixing / (S:G)<br>
Skorokhod's representation theorem / (S:G)<br>
Stochastic process / (SU:RG)<br>
Uncountably many random variables (continuous-time processes etc) (U:).
Discrete (U:D).
Counting process / (U:D)<br>
Cox process / (U:D)<br>
Dirichlet process / (U:D)<br>
Lévy process / (U:DC)<br>
Non-homogeneous Poisson process / (U:D)<br>
Point process / (U:D)<br>
Poisson process / (U:D)<br>
Poisson random measure / (U:D)<br>
Random measure / (U:D)<br>
Renewal theory / (U:D)<br>
Stopped process / (FU:DG)<br>
Continuous (U:C).
Brownian motion / phs (U:C)<br>
Gamma process / (U:C)<br>
Loop-erased random walk / (L:D) (U:C)<br>
Lévy flight / (F:R) (U:C)<br>
Lévy process / (U:DC)<br>
Martingale representation theorem / (U:C)<br>
Random walk / (FLS:BD) (U:C)<br>
Skorokhod's embedding theorem / (U:C)<br>
Real-valued, arbitrary (U:R).
Compound Poisson process / (U:R)<br>
Continuous stochastic process / (U:RG)<br>
Doob's martingale convergence theorems / (SU:R)<br>
Doob–Meyer decomposition theorem / (U:R)<br>
Feller-continuous process / (U:R)<br>
Kolmogorov continuity theorem / (U:R)<br>
Local martingale / (U:R)<br>
Martingale / (FU:R)<br>
Stationary process / (SU:R)<br>
Stochastic process / (SU:RG)<br>
Stopping time / (FU:R)<br>
General (random element of an abstract space) (U:G).
Adapted process / (U:G)<br>
Continuous stochastic process / (U:RG)<br>
Finite-dimensional distribution / (FU:G)<br>
Hitting time / (FU:G)<br>
Killed process / (U:G)<br>
Progressively measurable process / (U:G)<br>
Sample-continuous process / (U:G)<br>
Stochastic process / (SU:RG)<br>
Stopped process / (FU:DG)<br>
Around the core.
General aspects (grl).
Aleatoric<br>
Average<br>
Bean machine<br>
Cox's theorem<br>
Equipossible<br>
Exotic probability<br>
Extractor<br>
Free probability<br>
Frequency<br>
Frequency probability<br>
Impossible event<br>
Infinite monkey theorem<br>
Information geometry<br>
Law of Truly Large Numbers<br>
Littlewood's law<br>
Observational error<br>
Principle of indifference<br>
Principle of maximum entropy<br>
Probability<br>
Probability interpretations<br>
Propensity probability<br>
Random number generator<br>
Random sequence<br>
Randomization<br>
Randomness<br>
Statistical dispersion<br>
Statistical regularity<br>
Uncertainty<br>
Upper and lower probabilities<br>
Urn problem<br>
Foundations of probability theory (fnd).
Algebra of random variables<br>
Belief propagation<br>
Dempster–Shafer theory<br>
Dutch book<br>
Elementary event<br>
Normalizing constant<br>
Possibility theory<br>
Probability axioms<br>
Transferable belief model<br>
Unit measure<br>
Gambling (gmb).
Betting<br>
Bookmaker<br>
Coherence<br>
Coupon collector's problem / (F:D)<br>
Coupon collector's problem (generating function approach) / (F:D)<br>
Gambler's fallacy<br>
Gambler's ruin / (L:D)<br>
Game of chance<br>
Inverse gambler's fallacy<br>
Lottery<br>
Lottery machine<br>
Luck<br>
Martingale<br>
Odds<br>
Pachinko<br>
Parimutuel betting<br>
Parrondo's paradox<br>
Pascal's wager<br>
Poker probability<br>
Poker probability (Omaha)<br>
Poker probability (Texas hold 'em)<br>
Pot odds<br>
Proebsting's paradox<br>
Roulette<br>
Spread betting<br>
The man who broke the bank at Monte Carlo<br>
Coincidence (cnc).
Bible code<br>
Birthday paradox<br>
Birthday problem<br>
Index of coincidence<br>
Spurious relationship<br>
Algorithmics (alg).
Algorithmic Lovász local lemma<br>
Box–Muller transform<br>
Gibbs sampling<br>
Inverse transform sampling method<br>
Las Vegas algorithm<br>
Metropolis algorithm<br>
Monte Carlo method<br>
Panjer recursion<br>
Probabilistic Turing machine<br>
Probabilistic algorithm<br>
Probabilistically checkable proof<br>
Probable prime<br>
Stochastic programming<br>
Bayesian approach (Bay).
Bayes factor<br>
Bayesian model comparison<br>
Bayesian network / Mar<br>
Bayesian probability<br>
Bayesianism<br>
Checking if a coin is fair<br>
Conjugate prior<br>
Factor graph<br>
Good–Turing frequency estimation<br>
Imprecise probability<br>
Inverse probability / cnd<br>
Marginal likelihood<br>
Markov blanket / Mar<br>
Posterior probability / (2:C)<br>
Prior probability<br>
SIPTA<br>
Subjective logic<br>
Subjectivism#Subjectivism in probability / hst<br>
Financial mathematics (fnc).
Allais paradox<br>
Black–Scholes<br>
Cox–Ingersoll–Ross model<br>
Forward measure<br>
Heston model / scl<br>
Jump process<br>
Jump-diffusion model<br>
Kelly criterion<br>
Market risk<br>
Mathematics of bookmaking<br>
Risk<br>
Risk-neutral measure<br>
Ruin theory<br>
Sethi model<br>
Technical analysis<br>
Value at risk<br>
Variance gamma process / spr<br>
Vasicek model<br>
Volatility<br>
Physics (phs).
Boltzmann factor<br>
Brownian motion / (U:C)<br>
Brownian ratchet<br>
Cosmic variance<br>
Critical phenomena<br>
Diffusion-limited aggregation<br>
Fluctuation theorem<br>
Gibbs state<br>
Information entropy<br>
Lattice model<br>
Master equation / Mar (U:D)<br>
Negative probability<br>
Nonextensive entropy<br>
Partition function<br>
Percolation theory / rgr (L:B)<br>
Percolation threshold / rgr<br>
Probability amplitude<br>
Quantum Markov chain / Mar<br>
Quantum probability<br>
Scaling limit<br>
Statistical mechanics<br>
Statistical physics<br>
Vacuum expectation value<br>
Genetics (gnt).
Ewens's sampling formula<br>
Hardy–Weinberg principle<br>
Population genetics<br>
Punnett square<br>
Ronald Fisher<br>
Stochastic process (spr).
Anomaly time series<br>
Arrival theorem<br>
Beverton–Holt model<br>
Burke's theorem<br>
Buzen's algorithm<br>
Disorder problem<br>
Erlang unit<br>
G-network<br>
Gordon–Newell theorem<br>
Innovation<br>
Interacting particle system<br>
Jump diffusion<br>
M/M/1 model<br>
M/M/c model<br>
Mark V Shaney<br>
Markov chain Monte Carlo<br>
Markov switching multifractal<br>
Oscillator linewidth<br>
Poisson hidden Markov model<br>
Population process<br>
Probabilistic cellular automata<br>
Product-form solution / Mar<br>
Quasireversibility<br>
Queueing theory<br>
Recurrence period density entropy<br>
Variance gamma process / fnc<br>
Wiener equation<br>
Geometric probability (geo).
Boolean model<br>
Buffon's needle<br>
Geometric probability<br>
Hadwiger's theorem<br>
Integral geometry<br>
Random coil<br>
Stochastic geometry<br>
Vitale's random Brunn–Minkowski inequality<br>
Empirical findings (emp).
Benford's law<br>
Pareto principle
Historical (hst).
History of probability<br>
Newton–Pepys problem<br>
Problem of points<br>
Subjectivism#Subjectivism in probability / Bay<br>
Sunrise problem<br>
The Doctrine of Chances<br>
Miscellany (msc).
B-convex space<br>
Conditional event algebra<br>
Error function<br>
Goodman–Nguyen–van Fraassen algebra<br>
List of mathematical probabilists<br>
Nuisance variable<br>
Probabilistic encryption<br>
Probabilistic logic<br>
Probabilistic proofs of non-probabilistic theorems<br>
Pseudocount<br>
Counters of articles.
"Core": 455 (570)<br>
"Around": 198 (200)<br>
"Core selected": 311 (358)<br>
"Core others": 144 (212)<br>
Here "k"("n") means: "n" links to "k" articles. (Some articles are linked more than once.)

</doc>
