<doc id="20651099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651099" title="Sorgue">
Sorgue

The Sorgue is a river in southeastern France, lying between the foothills of the Alps and the river Rhone. Its source is at the town of Fontaine-de-Vaucluse (Vaucluse department) and is the biggest spring in France and the fifth biggest in the world.
The Sorgue divides into two river courses at L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue, at a point on the river called the Partage des Eaux, then further downstream it divides into dozens of separate waterways with different names, such as Sorgue de l’Isle, Sorgue de Velleron, Sorgue de Monclar, Sorgue de la Faible.
All these arms of the Sorgue flow along the plain of the Sorgues, between L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue and Avignon. The two largest streams, the Sorgue of Velleron and the Sorgue d'Entraigues, rejoin with one another and enter the Ouvèze at Bédarrides. The Canal de Vaucluse, which is the third-largest river course, joins with the Ouvèze at Sorgues, and flows into the Rhône at Avignon.
History.
Middle Ages.
In the mid-fourteenth century, the Italian humanist, poet and scholar Petrarch visited the region of Vaucluse, climbing Mont Ventoux in 1336. Notable as the eternal lover of Laura de Noves, Petrarch returned repeatedly to the Fontaine de Vaucluse to listen to the "voice of the waters". The poet expresses his happiness:
"The beautiful source of the river Sorgue, famous in her own right since time immemorial, is celebrated once more by my own extended stay and by my songs." ("La très illustre source de la Sorgue, fameuse par elle-même depuis longtemps, est devenue plus célèbre encore par mon long séjour et par mes chants").
Economy.
The management and upkeep of the waterways that make up the river Sorgue is not conducted directly by the State. Local towns have delegated the management of the river to three Unions of Local Rivers, which are federated within the Mixed Union of the Pool of the Sorgues. The Sorgue has historically provided power and water for many paper mills along its course, as well as many watermills
The river is now used extensively by fishermen. It is a tourist destination and is photographed and traveled on by those wishing to enjoy its beauty. Along its course, especially near its source, several canoeing centres provide boats for rent.
Weirs.
More than one hundred weirs are used for the management of this river, as it makes its journey from the source at Fontaine-de-Vaucluse, through its bifurcation at L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue and subsequent splitting into streams and courses that run into the rivers Ouvèze and Rhone.

</doc>
<doc id="20651114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651114" title="2003 NECBL season">
2003 NECBL season

The 2003 NECBL season marked the tenth season of the existence of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league expanded to thirteen teams with the addition of the Vermont Mountaineers of Montpelier, Vermont. The franchise was the league's first in the New England state of Vermont. This marked the fulfillment of the league's goal of having a franchise in each of the six New England states: Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, Maine, and Vermont.
In the quarterfinal playoff rounds, Newport defeated Danbury 2-1, Torrington defeated Middletown 2-0, Sanford defeated North Adams 2-0, and Keene defeated Concord 2-0. In the semifinals, Keene defeated Sanford 2-0 and Torrington defeated Newport 2-0. In the championship round, Keene defeated Torrington 2-0 in game one and 7-1 in game two, capturing the NECBL title 2-0.

</doc>
<doc id="20651129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651129" title="The History of British India">
The History of British India

The History of British India is a history of British India by the 19th century British philosopher and imperial political theorist James Mill.
This "History" went into many editions and during the 19th century became the standard reference work on its subject among British imperialists.
Genesis.
James Mill began his History of British India in 1806, expecting it to take him about three years, but its completion proved to take instead twelve years, with three substantial volumes at last being published early in 1817. The work was immediately successful among British imperialists and secured for Mill for the first time a degree of prosperity. It led, with the support of David Ricardo and Joseph Hume, to Mill's appointment in 1819 in United_Kingdom as assistant (later chief) examiner of correspondence at the imperial East India Company at an annual salary of £800. By 1836, when he died, this income had become £2,000.
Mill's biographer Bruce Mazlish takes a practical view of Mill's purpose in beginning the "History", stating 
Summary.
The "History of British India" purports to be a study of India in which James set out to attack the history, character, religion, literature, arts, and laws of India, also making claims about the influence of the 
Indian climate. He also aimed to locate the attacks on India within a wider theoretical framework.
The book begins with a preface in which Mill tries to make a virtue of having never visited India and of knowing none of its native languages. To him, these are guarantees of his objectivity, and he boldly claims – 
However, Mill goes on in this preface to say that his work is a "critical, or judging history", encompassing singularly harsh attacks on Hindu customs and a "backward" culture which he claims to be notable only for superstition, ignorance, and the mistreatment of women.
From the historical perspective, Mill tells the story of the English and, later, British acquisition of 
wide territories in India, severely criticizing those involved in these conquests and in the later administration of the conquered territories, as well as illuminating the harmful effects of commercial monopolies such as that of the imperial East India Company. As a philosopher, Mill applies political theory to the description of the civilizations of India. His interest is in institutions, ideas, and historical processes, while his work is relatively lacking in human interest, in that he does not seek to paint memorable portraits of Robert Clive, Warren Hastings, and the other leading players in the history of British India, nor of its famous battles. Indeed, the "History" has been called "...a work of Benthamite 'philosophical history' from which the reader is supposed to draw lessons about human nature, reason and religion".
Despite the fact that Mill had never been to India, his work had a profound effect on the British imperial system of governing the country, as did his later official connection with India.
The Orientalist Horace Hayman Wilson edited later editions and extended the history to 1835 with a continuation entitled "The History of British India from 1805 to 1835". He also added notes to Mill's work, based on his own knowledge of India and its languages. "The History of British India" is still in print.
In his introduction to "Ungoverned Imaginings: James Mill's The History of British India and Orientalism", Javed Majeed argues against "colonialist discourse" approaches to Mill's History, while in his forthcoming "James Mill and the Despotism of Philosophy" (2009), David McInerney considers how Mill's "History of British India" relates to Enlightenment historiography, and especially William Robertson's "Historical Disquisition Concerning the Knowledge the Ancients had of India". He argues that Mill first published his theory of government in "The History of British India", and that in the work Mill's use of history is not rationalist but entails an empirical conception of how historical records relate to the improvement of government.

</doc>
<doc id="20651131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651131" title="Hemingfordian North American Stage">
Hemingfordian North American Stage

The Hemingfordian North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 20,600,000 to 16,300,000 years BP. It is usually considered to overlap the Early Miocene. The Hemingfordian is preceded by the Arikareean and followed by the Barstovian NALMA stages.
The Hemingfordian can be further divided into the substages of: 

</doc>
<doc id="20651138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651138" title="Index of Colombia-related articles">
Index of Colombia-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="20651143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651143" title="420th Engineer Brigade (United States)">
420th Engineer Brigade (United States)

The 420th Engineer Brigade (Corps) is a combat engineer brigade of the United States Army based in Bryan, Texas. It is a United States Army Reserve formation and is subordinate to III Corps.
Background.
The brigade is a Major Subordinate Command of the 416th Engineer Command in Darien, IL. The Commander, 420th Engineer Brigade (Corps) commands and controls all Army Reserve engineer units in the states of Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and New Mexico consisting of approximately 4,500reserve soldiers. The 420th serves as the III Corps Engineer Brigade and the commander serves as the III Corps Engineer. The units of the 420th Engineer Brigade have served in Operation Joint Forge in Bosnia, Operation Joint Endeavor in Kosovo, Operation Desert Storm in Iraq, Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan, and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq. They have also participated in Exercises Bright Star in Egypt, Fuerte Caminos in Honduras and Belize, and Nuevas Horizontes in El Salvador, Panama, and Guatemala.
Units in the 420th are as follows: They consist of Engineer Group (Combat), Engineer Group (Construction), 489th Engineer Battalion (Combat)(Mechanized), 980th Engineer Battalion (Combat)(Heavy), 961st Engineer Battalion, 244th Engineer Battalion, 721st Engineer Company (Horizontal), 955th Engineer Company (Horizontal), 806th Engineer Company (Clearance), 704th Engineer Company (Clearance), 341st Multi-role Bridge Company (MRBC), 383rd Mobility Augmentation Company (MAC), 688th Mobility Augmentation Company (MAC), 401st Multi-role Bridge Company (MRBC), 469th Engineer Platoon (Area Clearance), Engineer Detachment (Utility), Engineer Detachment (Firefighting Headquarters), and Engineer Firefighting Teams.
Lineage.
Constituted 13 February 1951 in the Organized Reserve Corps as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 420th Engineer Aviation Brigade
Activated 15 February 1951 at College Station, Texas
Reorganized and redesignated 30 April 1953 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 420th Engineer Brigade
Redesignated 8 November 1955 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 420th Engineer Aviation Brigade
Redesignated 15 January 1957 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 420th Engineer Brigade
Location changed 3 November 1958 to Bryan, Texas
Ordered into active military service 7 December 2003 at Bryan, Texas; released from active military service 3 June 2005 and reverted to reserve status
Ordered into active military service 15 March 2008 at Bryan, Texas
Campaign participation credit.
The 489th Engineer Battalion (Combat)(Mechanized) spent time in Iraq from 2003-2004.
The 980th Engineer Battalion (Combat)(Heavy) spent time in Afghanistan from 2011-2012.
The 688th Engineer Co. spent time in Iraq from 2008-2009.
The 955th Engineer Co. spent time in Iraq from 2008-2009.
The 401st Engineer Co. spent time in Iraq from 2009-10.
The 321st Engineer Co. spent time in Afghanistan from 2012-2013.
The 704th Engineer Co. spent time in Afghanistan from 2012-2013.
The 721st Engineer Co. spent time in Afghanistan from 2011- 2012.
The 806th Engineer Co. spent time in Afghanistan from 2010-2011.
Awarded Multiple Purple Hearts, CAB's, Bronze Stars, NAM's, and many other awards

</doc>
<doc id="20651144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651144" title="Warren M. Robbins">
Warren M. Robbins

Warren Murray Robbins (September 4, 1923 – December 4, 2008) was an American art collector, whose collection of African art led to the formation of the National Museum of African Art at the Smithsonian Institution.
Robbins was born in Worcester, Massachusetts, on September 4, 1923, to Jewish immigrants from Ukraine. He attend the University of New Hampshire where he earned a bachelor's degree in English in 1945. He was awarded a master's degree from the University of Michigan in 1949, majoring in history. After graduating from college, he taught briefly at Nurnberg American High School and then became a cultural affairs officer for the Department of State.
While working as a cultural attaché for the State Department at the United States Embassy in Bonn, he was walking the streets of Hamburg in the late 1950s or early 1960s with future United States Senator S. I. Hayakawa when he impulsively entered into an antiques shop and spent $15 on a carved-wood figure of a man and woman, the work of the Yoruba people of Nigeria. Back in Hamburg a year later, he spent $1,000 on 32 African masks, textiles and other pieces in a different shop.
Returning to the United States, Robbins purchased a home in Washington, D.C. which he decorated with the 33 items he had brought back from Europe, and adorned the rooms with tropical plants to evoke the jungles of Africa. After an article was printed about his collection in "The Washington Post", he invited in curious visitors who started appearing at his door to take a look. He created this informal museum in his basement as part of an effort to promote cultural communication during the civil rights era. Robbins was unapologetic in the face of complaints that he was a white man operating a museum of African art, noting that "I make no apologies for being white. You don't have to be Chinese to appreciate ancient ceramics, and you don't have to be a fish to be an ichthyologist."
He established the beginnings of a freestanding museum near Capitol Hill in 1963, raising $13,000 and taking a mortgage to purchase for $35,000 half of a home at 316-18 A Street Northeast that had been the residence of abolitionist Frederick Douglass from 1871 to 1877. When it opened in May 1964, it was the first museum in the United States dedicated to African art exclusively. The Frederick Douglass Institute of Negro Arts and History was established in 1966. In addition to Robbins' existing collection, the museum also displayed items borrowed from "Life" magazine photographer Eliot Elisofon and items on loan from the University of Pennsylvania Museum.
In succeeding years, Robbins raised money to acquire the remaining half of the Douglass house, naming it the Museum of African Art. As the collection grew, he purchased adjoining residences, with his museum ultimately including nine townhouses, 16 garages and two carriage houses.
His first visit to Africa was in 1973, by which time his museum's collections had grown to 5,000 pieces with a staff of 20. Robbins had raised funds to purchase from a Manhattan art gallery a bearded icon called Afo-A-Kom, considered sacred by the Kom people of West Africa, which had been taken from a hill-top village in Cameroon in 1966. Returning the figure, Robbins was welcomed by Nsom Nggue, then king of the Kom people, greeted by men and women in tribal dress.
Robbins lobbied his friends in Congress to have the Smithsonian Institution assume management of the collection, which took place in 1979. He was the museum's first director, remaining in the position until 1983 when he was named founding director emeritus and a Smithsonian senior scholar, and replaced as director by Sylvia H. Williams. The museum was relocated to the National Mall in 1987 and renamed the National Museum of African Art. By the time of his death in 2008, the Museum included more than nine thousand objects from Africa, including headdresses, pottery, copper reliefs, musical instruments, baskets, and ceremonial objects, as well as more than 30 thousand volumes on African art, culture and history.
Robbins died at age 85 on December 4, 2008 at George Washington University Hospital from complications resulting from a fall at his home a month before his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20651170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651170" title="Peyton Short">
Peyton Short

Peyton Short (December 17, 1761 – September 1, 1825) was a land speculator and politician in Kentucky. He was a member of the first Kentucky Senate. He was the brother of William Short; he married the daughter of John Cleves Symmes, and was a brother-in-law of future President William Henry Harrison.
Early life.
Peyton Short was born December 17, 1761 to William and Elizabeth (Skipwith) Short at Spring Garden, their estate in Surry County, Virginia. He received his early education under the tutelage of his brother William. He followed his brother to The College of William and Mary where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa Society. The society was struggling to retain membership, and Short was frequently absent from meetings with poor or no excuse given. His attendance improved as his fines for tardiness and absenteeism grew. He graduated from William and Mary in 1780. 
Though many sources refer to him as "Major" Peyton Short, no documentation of his rank has been discovered. If the rank was legitimate, it was most likely earned in either the Virginia or Kentucky militia.
Upon his father's death, Short and his brother William became co-executors of their father's estate. Because of a scarcity of money in the family, they defied their father's request to immediately pay off all debts and instead decided to hold the majority of his assets for later investment. Short eventually merged much of his brother's inheritance with his own, with no explanation given.
As a young lawyer, Short boarded with a widow in Harrodsburg, Kentucky. While there, he became acquainted with Rachel Donelson Robards, who would eventually become the wife of President Andrew Jackson. At the time, Robards was married to Lewis Robards, the son of the widow with whom Short was boarding. On one occasion, Robards came home to find his wife and Short having a conversation on the porch. He opined that Short was much too attentive to his wife. A heated argument ensued, and though Robards's mother took her daughter-in-law's side, Robards ordered Rachel never to show her face in the house again. Though they briefly reconciled, Robards accused Short of breaking up their marriage.
Life in Kentucky.
Short came to Kentucky with future Governor of Kentucky Charles Scott. Rather than cross the wilderness from Virginia, the pair traveled down the Ohio River and landed at the Falls of the Ohio. From there, Short journeyed to Lincoln County, settling in Danville. While there, he was invited to become a member of the Danville Political Club, a debating society that was active in that city from 1786 to 1790.
In 1788, he married Maria Symmes, the daughter of John Cleves Symmes, who he had met at James Wilkinson's house two years earlier. He moved to Greenfield, his estate in Woodford County about 1790. The couple had three children: Charles, John, and Anna. His son, John married Betsey Basset Harrison, the daughter of Peyton's brother-in-law, William Henry Harrison. That year, he partnered with Wilkinson in opening a general store. 
Short took an active part in the early political and economic life of Kentucky. In 1789, he became the first collector of the port at Louisville. In 1791, he was elected one of the trustees of the city of Lexington, but resigned the post the following year. He was one of the electors chosen to elect the first governor of Kentucky and its first state senators. The other electors chose him to represent Fayette County in the first Kentucky Senate from 1792 to 1796.
In 1793, Short became president of the Transylvania Company (a fund-raising organization for Transylvania Seminary, not the land speculation company). In this capacity, he managed a lottery to raise funds for the school, which was later known as Transylvania University. He also served on the board of trustees for the seminary. He voted in the minority against elevating Harry Toulmin, a Unitarian, to the presidency of the historically Presbyterian institution. Short, Caleb Wallace, and Christopher Greenup resigned their positions on the board in protest.
Short's wife Maria died in 1802. About 1803, he married Jane Churchill, widow of Armistead Churchill. Together, they had three daughters, Jane, Elizabeth, and Sarah. Jane Churchill-Short died in 1808 or 1809.
Short engaged in land speculation and incurred severe financial losses. In 1809, he traveled through Mississippi Territory trying to recover his fortune. His attempt was futile, however, and by 1813 the only thing he owned was his own home. Eventually, he had to sell the estate and relocated to Christian County, settling near Hopkinsville. He died September 1, 1825 in Christian County.

</doc>
<doc id="20651194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651194" title="Maurice Fisher">
Maurice Fisher

Maurice Wayne Fisher (born February 16, 1931 in Uniondale, Indiana) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Fisher played for the Cincinnati Redlegs in . In one career game, he had a 0-0 record, with a 6.75 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Fisher was signed by the Cincinnati Reds as an amateur free agent in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20651231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651231" title="Sculptural Pursuit">
Sculptural Pursuit

Sculptural Pursuit is a quarterly art/literary magazine published by Hammer & Pen Productions, a Denver, Colorado publishing company. The magazine focuses on sculpture, its collectors and enthusiasts, but painting and poetry are also frequently featured.
"Sculptural Pursuit" was founded in 2002 by Denver-based stone sculptor Nancy DeCamillis after a shoulder injury prevented her from sculpting. Since then, the magazine's distribution and readership has grown dramatically. Today, the magazine - along with its two accompanying e-zines, Creative Wisdom and On The Lookout - has readers throughout North America, Europe, and Asia.
Since its inception, Sculptural Pursuit has become a resource for practicing sculptors, providing them with advice on the business side of an art career, as well as practical tips and techniques that can be applied to sculpting. It also provides artist profiles and tips that help collectors of sculpture develop their collections.

</doc>
<doc id="20651275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651275" title="Index of Paraguay-related articles">
Index of Paraguay-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Paraguay.
J.
Jesuit Reductions

</doc>
<doc id="20651278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651278" title="Denis L. Feron">
Denis L. Feron

Denis Lucien Emile Feron (born March 22, 1928) is former owner and Chief Executive Officer of the Midwestern copper smelter, Chemetco. He was born in Sint-Pieters-Woluwe, Belgium.
Early life.
Feron competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics and in the 1956 Winter Olympics in alpine skiing. In 1952 he finished 63rd in the downhill event, 73rd in the giant slalom competition, 46th in the slalom contest but was eliminated in the first run.
Four years later he finished 38th in the 1956 downhill event, 46th in the slalom competition, and 65th in the giant slalom contest.
His older brother Michel competed in the 1948 and 1952 Winter Games, also in alpine skiing.
Indictment.
On April 21, 1999, a federal grand jury charged Chemetco Inc., Feron, and five of his employees with violating the United States Clean Water Act for using an illegal secret discharge pipe to deliberately pump hazardous waste water contaminated with various pollutants and industrial waste including cadmium, lead and zinc into Long Lake (Illinois), a tributary of the Mississippi River. Those named in the indictment were: Chemetco President Denis L. Feron, Gary Reed, George Boud Jr., Roger Copeland, Kevin Youngman, and Chemetco plant manager Bruce Hendrickson. Before filing for bankruptcy in 2001, Chemetco produced about 50% of the United States copper output from non-mined sources

</doc>
<doc id="20651301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651301" title="Lee Davis">
Lee Davis

Lee Davis (born October 11, 1945) is a retired basketball player who played for eight seasons in the American Basketball Association. A center and forward during his career, he played for five different ABA teams and played in an ABA All-Star Game in 1970.
Early life.
Davis was born in Raleigh, North Carolina. He also attended Ligon High School in Raleigh. After graduating, he enrolled at North Carolina Central University. In his four years at the college, Davis scored over 1,000 points and averaged over 15 points per game.
New Orleans Buccaneers.
In 1968, Davis was selected by the National Basketball Association's Phoenix Suns in the 10th round of the NBA Draft. He was also drafted by the American Basketball Association's New Orleans Buccaneers in a separate draft that same year. Davis opted to play for the Bucs, where he became a role player for the Babe McCarthy-coached club. He played sparingly in his first two seasons with the club. During the 1969–1970 season, however, he was selected to the West Division's All-Star team at the ABA's 3rd Annual All-Star Game despite appearing in only sixteen games overall for the season. McCarthy was his coach in the game. His nine minutes played and three points scored in the game were higher than his regular season averages that year.
Memphis Pros and Memphis Tams.
The Buccaneers moved to Memphis for the 1970–71 season and became the Memphis Pros. Davis remained with the franchise and played for two seasons with the Pros. During the 1970–71 season, he played in twelve minutes per game and averaged six points per game, season bests at the time. His playing time regressed the following season and his numbers dropped accordingly.
The Pros were renamed the Memphis Tams in time for the 1972–73 season, and Babe McCarthy was replaced as head coach by Bob Bass. Under Bass, Davis' playing time increased and his numbers followed suit; he set new season highs by averaging thirteen points per game and eight rebounds per game. His playing time diminished slightly in the 1973–74 season, one which saw Bass be replaced by Butch van Breda Kolff, and he averaged over five fewer points and two-and-a-half rebounds per game fewer than he did the previous year.
San Diego Conquistadors and San Diego Sails.
Davis left the Tams as a free agent and went on to join the San Diego Conquistadors for the 1974–75 season. He shot 52.8% from the field in his first season, finishing among the league's top ten in field goal percentage, while averaging nearly twelve points and six-and-a-half rebounds per game.
The following season, the Conquistadors were sold to new ownership, who renamed the team the San Diego Sails. Davis was one of only three players, along with Bo Lamar and Caldwell Jones, who were retained by the Sails for the 1975–76 season. The Sails would only last 11 games before folding; Davis played in only fifty-one minutes in seven games with the Sails. These were the final games of his professional career. He retired having scored over 3,500 points and having grabbed over 2,000 rebounds in his eight-season career.

</doc>
<doc id="20651305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651305" title="Naso lituratus">
Naso lituratus

Naso lituratus is a species of fish in the family Acanthuridae, the tangs and unicornfishes. Its common names include barcheek unicornfish, clown tang, masked unicornfish, naso tang, orange-spine surgeonfish, orange-spine unicornfish, Pacific orange-spine unicorn, poll unicornfish, redlip surgeonfish, smooth-head unicornfish, and striped unicornfish.
This species can be found in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. This species can be easily recognised by two bright orange forward-hooked spines on the caudal peduncle (the tail base), its orange lips and black face mask. The body is brownish-grey with yellow nape and there is a broad black band on the dorsal fin. It reaches about 45 cm in length.
It can be found on coral reefs, often in pairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20651310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651310" title="Frederick VII, Count of Toggenburg">
Frederick VII, Count of Toggenburg

Friedrich VII, count of Toggenburg (ca. 1370 – 30 April 1436), was the last of the Counts of Toggenburg who ruled in what would become Switzerland. His death without heirs or a will led to the Old Zürich War.
Born at Solavers Castle near Grüsch in the district of Prättigau/Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden, he was the son of Diethelm and Katharina von Werdenberg-Heiligenberg. After 1387 he was at the head of the line of succession for the family. In 1391 he married Elizabeth von Matsch.
He was only loosely involved in the daily operations of his lands, but was very involved in military affairs. He was a member of a small group of very successful military leaders in the region. During the Appenzell Wars he was able to carefully balance between both sides. Until 1406 he was a "condottieri" for the Austrians for which he received rights to the cities of Sargans, Windegg, Freudenberg and Nidberg. He then made peace with his enemies which gave him peace in his lands and protected the Austrian cities that he had just received rights over. In 1417 he acquired the rights over the city of Feldkirch and in 1424 added Rheineck and Altstätten. Following his successful invasion of Appenzell, in 1428 at the end of the Appenzell Wars, he had acquired almost all the Austrian possessions from Rheineck to Montafon as well as the county of Werdenburg from Sargans to the upper regions of Lake Zurich.
While he did have at least one illegitimate son, Johannes, he died without heirs or a will on 30 April 1436 and was buried in the Rüti Abbey. The lords of Raron, Montfort-Tettnang, Sax-Misox, Brandis and Aarburg all had claims on the Toggenburg lands. When the canton of Zürich claimed the Toggenburg lands followed by the cantons of Schwyz and Glarus, the Old Zürich War broke out.

</doc>
<doc id="20651316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651316" title="Torquemada, Palencia">
Torquemada, Palencia

Torquemada is a municipality in the province of Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2010 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 1098 inhabitants.
The village is known for its peppers, an important crop for the local economy.
Etymology.
The village name came from a Spanish corruption of the Latin "turris cremata" "burnt tower". 
Curiosities and historical data.
The Infanta Catalina was born here on January 14, 1507. She was the daughter of Infanta Juana of Castile and Felipe of Habsburg. After Felipe's death, his remains rested here for a period of 3 months.
In this village is the home of the writer José Zorrilla y Moral, author of "Don Juan Tenorio", traditionally performed every year on All Saints Day. There is a plaque in Zorrilla's memory, located in front of his summer residence. 
In the summer of 2007, the "Ruta Quetzal" passed by here, in honor of the 500th anniversary of the birth of the Infanta Catalina.

</doc>
<doc id="20651322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651322" title="5to Piso">
5to Piso

5to Piso is the eleventh studio album by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona, released on 18 November 2008. Produced by Arjona, Jorge Amaro, Dan Warner, Lee Levin, Fernando de Santiago and Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tommy Torres, the album was recorded in various studios between the United States and Mexico. It is the first release by the artist under Warner Music. Arjona commented that with this album, he "tried to recoup some of the freshness" of his past releases, stating that "it makes good to the songs". Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic named it "an eagerly awaited album with a phenomenal lead single." "5to Piso" marks the third album in which the singer collaborates with Tommy Torres, after "Adentro" and "Quién Dijo Ayer".
Commercially and critically successful, "5to Piso" became Arjona's second number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. It received gold and platinum certifications from several Latin American countries, as well as a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Album. Six singles were released from the album. "Como Duele", considered his "biggest hit in years", became a critical and commercial success, reaching number two on the "Billboard" Top Latin Songs chart. "Sin Ti... Sin Mi" and "Tocando Fondo", the second and fourth singles, respectively, also became commercial hits. To promote the album, the singer embarked on his second major world tour following the Adentro Tour, which he named the Quinto Piso Tour.
Background.
After spending the majority of his career signed to Sony, and later, Sony BMG, Arjona signed a long-term recording deal with Warner Music Latina. The deal was closed in September 2008. Iñigo Zabala, chairman of Warner Music Latin America commented that "He's an artist that fits perfectly with our company," and that they are a label which has many top-Latin pop artist signed along with Arjona. Arjona started development of "5to Piso" in 2005. He stated in an interview that the inspiration behind the album was the thought of recouping some of the "freshness" of his previous releases. The singer additionally stated that he believed each additional album is the result of an evolution, as well as contradictions that he went through, which he celebrates as part of life.
Music and lyrics.
"Quinto Piso" has been categorized as an analytic song—a prologue to the album holding autobiographical tendencies. "Sin Ti... Sin Mi" is about missing someone who has left, with analogical lyrics talking about absence of one's beloved person. "El Del Espejo" includes lyrics influenced by "self-criticism" that makes people confront themselves, crafted inside a "rhythmic sound". Lead single "Como Duele" was highly praised. Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic named it Arjona's "biggest hit in years", as well as a standout track of the album alongside "Sin Ti.. Sin Mi" and "El Del Espejo". "El Mercurio Online" stated that "Como Duele" is "a ballad of merciless chords and lyrics plagued of contradictions made metaphors." It was also compared to his past song "Olvidarte", from "Sin Daños a Terceros".
In "Que Nadie Vea", the singer writes about homosexuality for the first time in his career. In the song, Arjona became the witness of this character, from his childhood until his adulthood, always hiding his true identity with the goal of being socially accepted. Arjona commented in an interview that "Que Nadie Vea" was not intended to be a "judgemental" song, further stating that it was "just a chronicle" that he wrote for this album because he never did so before and found the subject to be fascinating.
"Tocando Fondo" is about "those feelings which can make a person fall off a precipice." "La Vailarina Vecina" was inspired by a true story that happened to Arjona while he lived in Madrid. The singer commented about a woman: "She was to do her trials and 'tickled', as the song says, all my roof, and those tickles didn't let me sleep." He further commented that when he planned to meet her, he discovered that she was "very beautiful". "Vuelo" is a piano ballad themed about tenderness, poetry and romanticism.
"Nadie Sabe A Donde Va" is inspired by the bombings which occurred on 11 March 2004 in Madrid at the Atocha train station. "El Demonio En Casa" has been considered the "most witty and funny" song of the album. The lyrics of the song are about a man recounting how his woman changed his life. "La Vida Está De Luto" is inspired by the actual situation of the planet, a place where man is accustomed to taking advantage of those weaker. "Ni Tu Ni Yo" is the only duet on the album, as it features Mexican ranchera singer Paquita la del Barrio. The song was composed so that when it is heard, it "gives and immediate desire of drinking tequila" according to Arjona. In an interview with newspaper "Reforma", Arjona talked about the collaboration with Barrio, stating that "it was very special, because she does not make duets with someone she does not like", agreeing that he did not duet either. "Niña Buena" is dedicated to women who cannot stay in the same place and dislike having a boring life.
Release and promotion.
Singles.
The lead single off the album was "Como Duele", a Latin pop and ballad song with soft rock and orchestral arrangements, with the main sound being a piano. It was released on 4 November 2008, and became the first single Arjona released under his new label, Warner Music. The song was a critical and commercial hit for the singer, reaching No. 2 on the "Billboard" Latin Songs chart, and topping the Latin Pop Songs component chart. The music video for "Como Duele" was shot in Mexico City. It was released on 20 October and was directed by the Mexican filmmaker Ricardo Calderón. "Sin Ti... Sin Mi" was chosen as the second single of the album, and was released on January 2009. The song reached No. 4 on both the Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs chart. Its music video was filmed at the Argentinian Boxing Federation in Buenos Aires. It was directed by Joaquín Cambre. "Ni Tú Ni Yo", featuring Mexican singer Paquita la del Barrio, was released as the third single in some regions, and failed to appear on the US and other national charts. The music video for the song was filmed in black-and-white and features both artists singing around a buffet. Pop ballad "Tocando Fondo" followed as fourth single. The song managed to reach No. 20 on the Latin Songs chart, becoming the third top ten single off "5to Piso" on the Latin Pop Songs chart, reaching No. 6. Its music video was filmed in Mexico City. Two other singles, "Suavecito" and "Por Si Regresas" were released in promotion of the album.
Tour.
To promote the album, the singer embarked on his second major world tour, the Quinto Piso Tour. Starting in 24 April 2009, the tour included 123 shows between the United States, Spain, Argentina, Guatemala, Colombia, Venezuela, Mexico, among many other countries in Latin America. It ended on 18 June 2010. During the first North American leg of the tour, Arjona expressed interest in singing in Cuba, though showed no political commitment for the matter, a clear reference of the charity event Colombian singer Juanes was planning to hold in that country in 2009. Later that year, Arjona cancelled the planning of a concert in the country, and spoke heavily about Juanes' charity concert influence on the decision. The "Quinto Piso Tour" has been one of the most successful tours made by a Latin artist, with an attendance of more than one million people from 19 countries. Also, Arjona received in 2010 a "Billboard" Latin Music Award for "Latin Tour of the Year". The tour grossed more than $15 million.
Reception.
Critical response.
Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic gave a mostly positive review of the album, commenting that "fans of Arjona's straight-ahead rock style are sure to be disappointed with much of "5to Piso", as piano and strings drive much of the music rather than the electric guitar and drums of years past." "Billboard"'s Leila Cobo, on her review of the album, commented that the singer had "an uncanny knack for marrying sophisticated lyrics with catchy hooks and mass-appeal messages", stating that songs like "Ni Tu Ni Yo", a duet with Paquita la del Barrio, "underscores how universal" his songs and themes are, "even in the most regional arrangements." "5to Piso" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Album and a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Singer-Songwriter Album though lost to "Sin Frenos" and "Caetano Veloso" respectively.
Commercial performance.
"5to Piso" debuted atop the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart the week ending 6 December 2008, going ahead of Wisin & Yandel's "". The following week, it stayed at No. 1. On its third week, it fell to No. 2, being replaced at the top by Vicente Fernández' "Primera Fila". On the Latin Pop Albums component chart, the album debuted at No. 1 the same week it did on the Latin Albums chart. The album stayed at the top of that chart for four consecutive weeks. On its fifth week, it fell to No. 2, being replaced at the top by Luis Fonsi's "Palabras del Silencio". Almost one year later, on the week ending 12 September 2009, "5to Piso" reached No. 1, with a total of six weeks at the top. It was the most weeks at No. 1 by any of Arjona's albums until "Independiente" stayed 11 weeks at the top between 2011 and 2012.
On the week it debuted atop both Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums charts, "5to Piso" also appeared at No. 55 on the "Billboard" 200. It is his third consecutive album to chart on that list, after "Adentro" (2005) and "Quién Dijo Ayer" (2007), and it was his highest entry until "Poquita Ropa" reached No. 43 in 2010. On the Mexican Albums Chart, "5to Piso" debuted at No. 40 the week ending 8 November 2008. The following week it jumped to No. 4, and on its third week, the album reached No. 1 position on the country. It stayed at that position for one week, falling to No. 4 again on its fourth week. It also reached No. 21 on the Spanish Albums Chart.
The album followed the success of his past releases, receiving Gold and Platinum certifications in Mexico, United States, Spain, Argentina, Venezuela, Colombia, Guatemala, and many other countries. It debuted at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart, becoming his second chart-topper on that chartt, and has sold more than one million copies worldwide.
Personnel.
The credits are taken from the iTunes exclusive digital booklet.
"Quinto Piso"
"Sin Ti... Sin Mí"
"El Del Espejo"
"Cómo Duele"
"Que Nadie Vea"
"Tocando Fondo"
"La Bailarina Vecina"
"Vuelo"
"Nadie Sabe a Donde Va"
"El Demonio En Casa"
"Suavecito"
"Ni Tú Ni Yo"
"Niña Buena"
Chart performance.
Sales and certifications.
!scope="row"| Chile (IFPI)
!scope="row"| Colombia (ASINCOL)
!scope="row"| Ecuador (IFPI)
!scope="row"| Peru (IFPI)
!scope="row"| Uruguay (CUD)
!scope="row"| Venezuela (APFV)

</doc>
<doc id="20651329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651329" title="Index of Peru-related articles">
Index of Peru-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Republic of Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20651335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651335" title="Jet Lag (Premiata Forneria Marconi album)">
Jet Lag (Premiata Forneria Marconi album)

Jet Lag was the fifth album of the Italian progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi, released in 1977 by Asylum Records and Manticore Records (launched by Emerson, Lake & Palmer). This album incorporates the use of a Fretless Bass in the sound and has a jazzier feel overall. Four of the five tracks with vocals are sung in English. "Cerco la Lingua" ("I Look for the Language") is the only sung in Italian. 

</doc>
<doc id="20651340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651340" title="Saddlehorn Comfort Station">
Saddlehorn Comfort Station

The Saddlehorn Comfort Station is one of a group of related structures listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado National Monument. The comfort station (otherwise known as a public toilet) and the nearby caretaker's house, garage and the Saddlehorn Utility Area Historic District feature a consistent interpretation of the National Park Service Rustic style, featuring coursed ashlar sandstone masonry and log-supported roof structure. The comfort station was designed in 1936 by W.G. Carney of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs, and built by labor from the Works Progress Administration and the Civilian Conservation Corps. Plans specified not only the general layout of the house and garage, but the specific dimensions of each stone and its location, using a technique of "built by detail".
The comfort station is located at the intersection of Rim Rock Drive and the Saddlehorn Loop, named after a distinctive nearby rock formation. Construction was carried out by craftsmen, known as LEM's (Local Experienced Men), with suitable skills, reputedly stonemasons of Italian descent. Much of the material came from Rim Rock Drive construction. The comfort station was built by the men of CCC camp NM-2-C.
The three Saddlehorn National Register properties were nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as a multiple property submission on the basis of their related design and history. 

</doc>
<doc id="20651362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651362" title="Charles James Martin (artist)">
Charles James Martin (artist)

Charles James Martin (September 1886 – August 9, 1955) was an American modernist artist and
arts instructor. He worked in a variety of media including etching, lithography, water
color, monotype, linocut, woodcut, oil, photography, mezzotint and silversmithing. Born
in Mansfield, England in 1886, Martin emigrated to the USA as a boy and lived out the
remainder of his life as an American. He studied art under Arthur Wesley Dow at Dow’s
Ipswich Summer School of Art as well as at Columbia University Teachers College, where
he became an instructor himself in 1914.
"Mr. Martin's work is after the new modernist school, the art that seeks
essence rather than form, interpretation rather than faithful representation. The
results of this first year's training in a type of work so entirely new to Teachers
College students are highly gratifying to Professor Dow. According to Mr. Martin,
modernist painting must be preceded by ordinary symmetrical drawing by the student. In
other words, rules must be learned before they can be departed from. The exhibit
showed, therefore, not only paintings of this new character, but also drawings of the
old style,—symmetrical, detailed, precise. One of the color experiments of particular
interest in this interpretative painting is that of “optical mixtures,” a process by
which the mixing of colors to produce another color, is left to the eye, rather than
mixed on the palette; green foliage, for example, may be represented by intermingling
splotches of blue and yellow. The exhibit showed these modernist studies done in all
mediums, —oil, chalk, tempora, water color."
Martin attained professorship at Teachers College in 1923 and continued his work there
into the 1940s. Georgia O'Keeffe attended Martin's class at Teachers college in 1914-15, where she met Anita Pollitzer. O'Keeffe considered Martin’s instruction significant
enough that she continued sending examples of her work for his critique in the period
after she attended his class. Martin even
had a fan in Winston Churchill, as a friend of his writes in a letter circa 1930s:
"Wednesday afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Winston Churchill and two sons came in
for tea; both Mr. and Mrs. C. are crazy about sketching and water colors. Mr. C. went
back to [Charles’] picture three times and stood for ages admiring and commenting upon
it- thought the light and shadows perfect and loved the simplicity of the theme. I
always feel so proud to say “our friend Prof. Martin!""
In the 1910s, Martin also studied photography with Clarence H. White at Teachers
College, and became an instructor at White’s School of Photography in 1918. Also in
1918, Martin won first prize in a photography contest held by Columbia University in
which Dow and White were judges. During this time period, he also served on the Executive Committee of the Pictorial Photographers of America [http://www.ppa-photoclub.org/].
Martin spent many summers in the 1920s-50s living and teaching plein air art classes
in Provincetown, Mass, and also in Mexico. Martin continued working as an art
instructor, often on a freelance basis, for the remainder of his life. He died on August 9, 1955 in Hyannis, MA, after a short illness. He is buried at North Burial Ground, Providence, Rhode Island.
Personal life.
At Teachers College, Martin met a fellow art student named Esther L. Upton, whom he
eventually married. Upton was the niece of Clifford B. Upton and Siegried M. Upton,
both prominent instructors at Teachers College and also the affiliated
Horace Mann School. (Mrs. Upton was also an accomplished photographer who studied with Clarence H.
White.) Charles and Esther lived for a brief time in Paris, France in 1913-14. In 1918
they gave birth to their only child, James Upton "Kimo" Martin (b. May 16, 1918, d. Jan 20, 2007)[http://www.myspace.com/kimomartin].
Charles and Esther eventually separated, and spent most of the 1920s onward living
far apart from each other. James spent time living with both of his parents.
He grew up to become an accomplished artist and furniture designer in his own right.
Selected Exhibitions and Reviews.
"There are two “Interiors” in the exhibition which provide contrast and
text. One shall be nameless[...] The other is a picture by Charles J. Martin in the
alcove. Mr. Martin has approached his subject first of all in the spirit of an artist
with analyses to make. He has taken the haphazard of nature and reduced it to orderly
plan. Or to speak more truly, he has taken the fragment of nature that presented
itself to him at some one moment and recreated it until by virtue of art it became a
whole, an organism, in which every part is essential to the others. He has seen his
room as a pattern in which the black stove with its aggressive pipe is balanced by a
black chair or something, and beautiful bright threads of color run in and out of
large neutral patches of violet and dull yellow. A rug designer would see how handsome
it is. But the artist in this instance has had also a sense of humor and a conscience,
and since his room is a human abode he has analyzed its character and made of his work
a witty and penetrating comment. That is what makes it so difficult to forgive. The
makers of patterns are not all so successful as Mr. Martin".
"Mr. Martin's method makes water color a thing to reckon with at a distance, a medium capable of decorative effect. He pays tribute to the peculiar character of the medium, its sparkling idiosyncrasy, by his use of the white outline, which detaches the masses of color from one another, keeping them in one plane as effectively as the black bounding line in favor with one school of modern painters; and which has the advantage of giving the white ground of the paper a chance to play its enlivening part in the general scheme."
"Charles J. Martin, well known for his freedom from academic restraint
in his method of teaching design, achieves an equally unhampered expression in his
creative work. “The Factory” is a boldly conceived design, especially rich in its use
of resonant blacks. In contrast to the rugged construction of this work is the fluent
character of the “Sand Pit,” where the harmonic tour de force of combining warm and
cold tonalities is skillfully accomplished."
"Possibly the most striking paper in the show is the landscape by
Charles Martin. Mr. Martin, a professor of painting at Columbia, has an original and
powerful technique. He achieves architectonic pattern without any important loss in
realism."

</doc>
<doc id="20651372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651372" title="Autoguider">
Autoguider

An autoguider is an automatic electronic guidance tool used in astrophotography (usually in amateur astronomy) to keep a telescope pointed precisely at an object being photographed. This prevents the object from drifting across the field of view during long-exposures which would create a blurred or elongated image.
Usage.
Imaging of dim celestial targets, usually deep sky objects, require hours-long exposure times. In order for the resulting image to maintain usable clarity and sharpness during these exposures, the target must be held at the same position within the telescope's field of view during the whole exposure; any apparent motion would cause point sources of light (such as stars) to appear as streaks, or the object being photographed to appear blurry. Even computer-tracked mounts and GoTo telescopes do not eliminate the need for tracking adjustments, as astrophotography demands an extremely high level of precision that these devices typically cannot achieve, especially if the mount is not properly polar aligned.
To accomplish this automatically an autoguider is usually attached to either a guidescope or finderscope, which is a smaller telescope oriented in the same direction as the main telescope, or an off-axis guider, which uses a prism to divert some of the light originally headed towards the eyepiece.
The device has a CCD or CMOS sensor that regularly takes short exposures of an area of sky near the object. After each image is captured, a computer measures the apparent motion of one or more stars within the imaged area and issues the appropriate corrections to the telescope's computerized mount.
An autoguider need not be an independent unit; some high-end CCD imaging units (such as those offered by SBIG) have a second, integrated CCD sensor on the same plane as the main imaging chip that is dedicated to autoguiding. Astronomical video cameras or modified webcams can also serve as an autoguiding unit when used with guiding software such as Guidedog or PHD Guiding, or general-purpose astronomical programs such as MaxDSLR. However, these setups are generally not as sensitive as specialized units.
Since an image of a star can take up more than one pixel on an image sensor due to lens imperfections and other effects, autoguiders use the amount of light falling on each pixel to calculate where the star should actually be located. As a result, most autoguiders have "subpixel accuracy". In other words, the star can be tracked to an accuracy better than the angular size represented by one CCD pixel. However, atmospheric effects (astronomical seeing) typically limit accuracy to one arcsecond in most situations. To prevent the telescope from moving in response to changes in the guide star's apparent position caused by seeing, the user can usually adjust a setting called "aggressiveness".

</doc>
<doc id="20651420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651420" title="Mike Hunter (soccer)">
Mike Hunter (soccer)

Mike Hunter is a retired U.S. soccer defender who played five seasons in the North American Soccer League as well as one in the Western Soccer Alliance and three in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
Hunter grew up in the Los Angeles area, attending Damien High School in La Verne, California. He then played soccer at Santa Clara University from 1976 thru 1979. In the fall of 1979, he signed with the expansion Detroit Lightning in the Major Indoor Soccer League as the first pick of the first MISL draft. The Lightning folded at the end of the 1979-1980 season and Hunter moved to the San Jose Earthquakes as their first pick in the North American Soccer League draft. He would play five outdoor seasons with the Earthquakes in the NASL. In 1983 and 1984, the team was renamed the Golden Bay Earthquakes. In the fall of 1984, the Earthquakes dealt Hunter to the Los Angeles Lazers of the Major Indoor Soccer League. According the San Diego Union, Hunter "a five-year indoor veteran . . . was acquired from Golden Bay." Hunter spent two seasons with the Lazers before a contentious release after the trade deadline on March 1, 1986 as the team prepared for the play-offs. In addition to playing the winter indoor seasons with the Lazers, on June 5, 1985, Hunter returned north to sign with the Earthquakes for an eighteen game non-league exhibition season. By this time the NASL had collapsed and the Earthquakes no longer belonged to a league. In October 1986, Hunter went on trial with the San Diego Sockers, but there is no indication that he played for them.

</doc>
<doc id="20651428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651428" title="Temple Israel (Lafayette, Indiana)">
Temple Israel (Lafayette, Indiana)

Temple Israel is a former synagogue in Lafayette, Indiana, United States. Its 1867 building is one of the oldest synagogue buildings in the United States.
The congregation, which was formed in 1849, was the second Jewish congregation organized in Indiana. In 1874 it became a founding member of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations. The congregation moved to its third and present location on Cumberland Avenue in West Lafayette.
Historic building.
The Temple Israel building of 1866–1867, located at 17 South 7th St., was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is a two-story Rundbogenstil structure. The building was dedicated by Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise.
In 1976 the old synagogue building was purchased from the Red Cross by the Unitarian Universalist Church of Lafayette, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20651429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651429" title="Index of Uruguay-related articles">
Index of Uruguay-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Eastern Republic of Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="20651457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651457" title="Naan Avanillai">
Naan Avanillai

Films.
Indian Tamil language films:

</doc>
<doc id="20651464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651464" title="Whitneyan">
Whitneyan

The Whitneyan North American Stage on the geologic timescale is the North American faunal stage according to the North American Land Mammal Ages chronology (NALMA), typically set from 33,300,000 to 30,800,000 years BP, a period of . It is usually considered to fall within the Early Oligocene. The Whitneyan is preceded by the Orellan and followed by the Arikareean NALMA stages.
The Whitneyan is interchangeable with the Rupelian age.

</doc>
<doc id="20651465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651465" title="Insect Fear Film Festival">
Insect Fear Film Festival

The Insect Fear Film Festival has been held annually at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign since 1984. Its format has generally consisted of two or three feature-length films alternating with animated or live-action shorts that illustrate various aspects of insect biology.
The film festival's founder, entomology professor May Berenbaum, conceived the idea as a graduate student at Cornell University, where it was deemed undignified. Berenbaum was able to execute the project after joining the University of Illinois faculty in 1980.
The festival is usually organized around themes. These have included insect invasions, as exemplified by "The Naked Jungle" and "The Swarm", metamorphosis, cockroaches, mosquitos, and entomologists themselves. The most popular offering at the festival, according to the National Wildlife Federation's magazine, has been "Beginning of the End", which features giant grasshoppers invading the city of Chicago after consuming radiation-treated vegetables. 
Media outlets covering the festival have included the Canadian Broadcasting Company, National Public Radio, the Washington Post, and The New York Times.

</doc>
<doc id="20651485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651485" title="Red Ezra">
Red Ezra

David Lockard, aka Red Ezra, is an American director, producer, editor, writer and photographer. He has directed over 30 adult videos since 2000, for companies such as Club Jenna, Vivid Entertainment, Wicked Pictures, Metro and New Sensations. He runs the film production company, Red Ezra Productions, and the post-production company, Hacksaw Post. Lockard initially entered the adult industry as an editor, working under the name "Hacksaw". He has also written scripts for several videos under the name "Joe Ezrahaus". Lockard has directed several mainstream music videos, such as "Dimevision Vol. One" and "Pantera Home Video Part 3", which both reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" video sales chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20651551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651551" title="Trichosclereid">
Trichosclereid

Trichosclereids are hard needlelike branched cells found in some species of plants that serve the purpose of protecting the plant from herbivores. They usually are approximately 6 mm long, but in some species they grow to as long as 1 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="20651565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651565" title="Index of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands-related articles">
Index of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands-related articles

Articles related to the British Overseas Territory of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands include:

</doc>
<doc id="20651574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651574" title="Anthony Farace">
Anthony Farace

Anthony Farace is a retired U.S. soccer player who spent his career with Southern California based teams in the Major Indoor Soccer League and USL A-League.
Farace may have begun his professional career in 1996 with the Anaheim Splash of the Continental Indoor Soccer League, but records do not currently show how long he was with the team. In 1998, he signed with the San Diego Flash of the USL A-League. However, he lost the entire season with a knee injury. The San Jose Clash selected Farace in the third round (twenty-seventh overall) of the 1999 MLS Supplemental Draft. The Clash waived him on April 1, 1999. He returned to the Flash and played 23 games during the 1999 season. On November 10, 1999, the Flash sent Farace, Michael N’Doumbe, and the team’s first and second round draft picks to the Seattle Sounders in exchange for Mark Baena. On April 12, 2000, the Sounders sent Farace to the Orange County Waves for cash after he refused to play for the Sounders. He began the season with the Wave, but was traded to the Flash during the season. In 2001, he signed with the San Diego Sockers of the World Indoor Soccer League. The WISL played a summer indoor season, but folded at the end of the season. In the fall of 2002, the Sockers moved to the new Major Indoor Soccer League. The Monterrey Fury selected Farace in the eighth round of the 2003 MISL Expansion Draft. On July 29, 2003, he returned to the Sockers when the team sent a second round draft pick to the Fury in exchange for Farace. In January 2004, he was forced to sit out the remainder of the season following reconstructive surgery on his left knee. In September, he re-injured the knee and retired. Despite this, the Milwaukee Wave still selected Farace in the January 2005 MISL Dispersal Draft, but he did not sign with the team.
He coaches the Science Hill High School girls soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="20651583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651583" title="List of Los Angeles County sheriffs">
List of Los Angeles County sheriffs

The following is a list of sheriffs who have served Los Angeles County, California:
See also.
Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department

</doc>
<doc id="20651606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651606" title="Divided consciousness">
Divided consciousness

Divided consciousness is a term coined by Ernest Hilgard to define a psychological state in which one's consciousness is split into distinct components, possibly during hypnosis.
Origin(s).
The theory of a division of consciousness was touched upon by Carl Jung in 1935 when he stated, "The so-called unity of consciousness is an illusion... we like to think that we are one but we are not." Ernest Hilgard believed that hypnosis causes a split in awareness and a vivid form of everyday mind splits. Drawing themes from Pierre Janet, Hilgard viewed hypnosis from this perspective as a willingness to divide the main systems of consciousness into different sectors. He argued that this split in consciousness can not only help define the state of mind reached during hypnosis, but can also help to define a vast range of psychological issues such as multiple personality disorder.
In Hilgard's "Divided Consciousness Reconsidered", he offers a great many examples of "dissociated" human behavior. With regard to theory, he does state that it is useful to assign two modes of consciousness, a receptive mode and an active mode--that is, a bimodal consciousness. In other places he mentions the concept of "coconsciousness", wherein two or more states of consciousness may be equally receptive or active, as, for example, in some types of multiple personality.
Many psychological studies assume a unity of consciousness. Doubt is cast on this assumption by psychophysical studies in normal subjects and those with blindsight showing the simultaneous dissociation of different modes of report of a sensation, and by clinical studies of anosognosic patients showing dissociations of awareness of their own states. These and other phenomena are interpreted to imply two kinds of division of consciousness: the separation of phenomenal experience from reflexive consciousness and the non-unity of reflexive consciousness. Reflexive consciousness is taken to be necessary for report and is associated with the self as the subject of experience and agent of report. Reflexive consciousness is operative only when we attend to our own states. When we are involved in the world reflexivity intervenes less and our consciousness is more unified.
Experimentation.
The theory has been tried and tested and many some tests have proven that the theory makes is legitimate. Others, such as one performed on 169 undergraduate students, some of whom performed tasks in selective attention and divided attention conditions being correlated with scores on the Harvard Group Scale of Hypnotic Susceptibility refute Hilgard’s findings.
New trends in psychology and cognitive neuroscience suggest that applications of nonlinear dynamics, chaos and self-organization seem to be particularly important for research of some fundamental problems regarding mind-brain relationship. Relevant problems among others are formations of memories during alterations of mental states and nature of a barrier that divides mental states, and leads to the process called dissociation. This process is related to a formation of groups of neurons which often synchronize their firing patterns in a unique spatial manner. The central theme of this study is the relationship between level of moving and oscillating mental processes and their neurophysiological substrate. This presents a question about principles of organization of the conscious experience and how the experiences happen in the brain. Chaotic self-organization provides a unique theoretical and experimental tool for deeper understanding of dissociative phenomena and enables to study how dissociative phenomena can be linked to epileptiform discharges which are related to various forms of psychological and somatic manifestations. Organizing principles that constitute human consciousness and other mental phenomena from this point of view may be described by analysis and reconstruction of underlying dynamics of psychophysiological measures.

</doc>
<doc id="20651646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651646" title="Naso lopezi">
Naso lopezi

The elongated unicornfish, "Naso lopezi", is a unicornfish from the western Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20651652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651652" title="Bashford Manor Stable">
Bashford Manor Stable

Bashford Manor Stable was an American Thoroughbred racing and breeding operation in Louisville, Kentucky owned by George James Long. 
In 1874 James Bennett Wilder built a home on farm acreage he called Bashford Manor. In 1887 George Long purchased Bashford Manor and developed it into a leading Thoroughbred horse farm which bred three Kentucky Derby winners. To stock his new breeding operation. George Long acquired horses from the Erdenheim Stud of Norman W. Kittson. Following the May 1888 death of Norman W. Kittson, in November his estate auctioned the bloodstock and Long purchased the sire Alarm and two of his broodmare daughters, Luminous and Albia. The then nineteen-year-old Alarm had notably been the sire of Himyar and Panique. Alarm died at Bashford Manor in 1895 and was buried in the farm's equine cemetery. [http://www.tbheritage.com/Portraits/Alarm.html]
The stable bred and raced Azra who won the 1892 Derby and Sir Huon who won it in 1906. Under Long's name, he raced homebred Hindus who won the 1900 Preakness Stakes. As well, George Long bred Manuel who won the 1899 Derby for Alfred & David Morris.
The Thoroughbred operation continued until 1922 when the bloodstock was sold. The home remained in Long's family until being sold in 1951. The property was annexed by the City of Louisville in 1953. The barns were torn down in 1970 and the house in 1973. The Bashford Manor area of Louisville was developed into residential homes and a shopping mall. 
Churchill Downs in Louisville honors the racing and breeding stable with the annual running of the Bashford Manor Stakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20651658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651658" title="Lukáš Derner">
Lukáš Derner

Lukáš Derner (born August 24, 1983) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He plays defence for HC Liberec in the Czech Extraliga.
He started to play hockey at the age of 5, and began with HC Liberec in the season 1999-2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="20651664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651664" title="Valley District Cricket Club">
Valley District Cricket Club

Valley District Cricket Club is a cricket club playing in the XXXX Gold premiership, the leading club cricket competition in Queensland, Australia. The club was established on 16 August 1897 and is one of only four remaining foundation clubs. They have historically been based around the inner Brisbane suburb of Fortitude Valley and now plays its home matches at Ashgrove Park.
Australian Test cricketers to play for the Valley club include Matthew Hayden, Allan Border, Don Tallon, Kepler Wessels and England wicket-keeper Geraint Jones, OBE (in third grade).
Notable Queenslanders to play for Valley include Leo O'Connor (cricketer), Roy Levy, Otto Nothling, Malcolm Francke, Stuart Law and Joe Dawes.
Valley is believed to be one of the biggest, if not the biggest cricket club in the world; it currently (2010/2011 season) runs 71 teams through all grades and age divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="20651673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651673" title="Nicola Lazzari">
Nicola Lazzari

Nicola Lazzari is a contemporary violin maker. He lives in Cremona, Italy currently and has won copious international competitions for his workmanship. His work is clean with a rather Stradivarius-like shape. Varnish shows off a deep, rich reddish color with little visible signs of toolmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20651678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651678" title="Bluespine unicornfish">
Bluespine unicornfish

The bluespine unicornfish or short-nose unicornfish ("Naso unicornis") is a tang from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 70 cm in length. It is called "kala" in Hawaiian, and "dawa" in New Caledonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20651684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651684" title="Cargo sampling">
Cargo sampling

Samples may be taken from all points in the supply chain, from warehouses, terminals, barges, ships, pipelines or service stations.
Accurately taken and labeled samples with an unequivocal chain of custody are essential to all operations. Effective and consistent cargo sampling requires a specialized staff of trained individuals who are responsible for taking such samples and transporting them to the corresponding testing laboratories.

</doc>
<doc id="20651698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651698" title="Godley Reservoir">
Godley Reservoir

The Godley Reservoir is a reservoir in Godley, Hyde, Greater Manchester. It was completed in 1851, as a critical part of the Longdendale Chain project that brought fresh water to Manchester. 
The Manchester Corporation Waterworks Act 1847 gave permission for the construction of the Woodhead, Hollingworth and Arnfield reservoirs, and the construction of a masonry aqueduct to convey drinking water from Arnfield and Hollingworth to a service reservoir at Godley.
Water was captured from the River Etherow and stored in the great reservoirs and then flowed through the 6-foot bore Mottram Tunnel to Godley. At Godley the water was filtered by passing it through straining frames made of oak and fine wires. It was chlorinated to remove bacteria and then entered Manchester's water distribution network. This method was successfully used until the early 1960s, when additional treatment works were built at Arnfield and Godley.

</doc>
<doc id="20651718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651718" title="Anthony Baxter">
Anthony Baxter

Anthony Baxter is a British television presenter from Rochdale. He presents "Revealed..." on "BBC Switch" on "BBC Two" alongside Charlotte Ashton. He also fronts the spin-off series Revealed Extra for the BBC.
Biography.
Baxter studied English and linguistics at Lancaster University before gaining a post-graduate degree in broadcast journalism at the department of Journalism, Media and Communication, University of Central Lancashire. He began his career as a reporter for BBC Radio Cumbria, and spent time as a district reporter in Whitehaven.
Television.
Baxter worked on the CBBC shows "Newsround" and "Sportsround" before working as a presenter for "BBC Switch", which was axed in 2010.
Radio.
He fronted BBC School Report's first Sports Day radio programme in July 2010 and on March 26, 2009, he presented a seven-hour live radio broadcast for BBC News School Report.
He also presented the "BBC Radio 1" Surgery debate shows on Sunday nights with Aled Haydn-Jones, Max Akhtar and Charlotte Ashton.

</doc>
<doc id="20651729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651729" title="Chris Hill (athletic director)">
Chris Hill (athletic director)

Dr. Chris Hill has been athletic director at the University of Utah since 1987. His responsibilities include overseeing the athletic department and supervising all the coaches. During his twenty-plus years in his position, he has hired several coaches, secured funding for facilities upgrades, and negotiated the University of Utah's entrance into the Pacific-10 Conference.
Coaches hired.
During Hill's tenure, the Utah Utes have shown success in several different sports. He has been responsible for hiring Rick Majerus in college basketball and Ron McBride, Urban Meyer, and Kyle Whittingham in college football. From 2004–2009, he served on the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Committee, which decides which teams are accepted into the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship tournament held each March.
A March 2013 story appearing Yahoo! Sports suggested that Chris Hill ignored complaints from students and parents about abusive behavior from Greg Winslow, a swimming coach at Utah 2007–2013.
Facilities improvements.
He has also helped improve the athletics facilities at Utah. In 1998, the school remodeled Rice–Eccles Stadium in preparation for the 2002 Winter Olympics, which held the Opening and Closing Ceremonies at the stadium. In addition, the following facilities have been improved or built during his tenure: the George S. Eccles Tennis Center, Dee Glen Smith Athletics Center, and the McCarthey Practice Fields.
Pac-12.
Chris Hill and University of Utah president Michael K. Young were the individuals who negotiated with the Pacific-10 Conference (Pac-10) to make Utah a member of that conference. Utah will join the Pac-10 for the 2011–2012 academic year. The University of Colorado also agreed to join the Pac-10 so by 2012 the conference will have 12 members.

</doc>
<doc id="20651748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651748" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1961">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1961

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1961 Australian federal election. The election was held on 9 December 1961.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending one seat. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats. Senators Stan Amour (Labor), Ken Anderson (Liberal), James Arnold (Labor), Sir Alister McMullin (Liberal) and James Ormonde (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. Senators Gordon Brown (Labor), Felix Dittmer (Labor), Roy Kendall (Liberal), Ted Maher (Country) and Ian Wood (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Six seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Liberal Senator Rex Pearson's death; this had been filled in the interim by Liberal Gordon Davidson. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending four seats. Senators Arnold Drury (Labor), Keith Laught (Liberal), Clem Ridley (Labor) and Jim Toohey (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Senators Bill Aylett (Labor), George Cole (Democratic Labor), Elliot Lillico (Liberal), John Marriott (Liberal) and Justin O'Byrne (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending one seat. The Democratic Labor Party was defending one seat. Senators John Gorton (Liberal), George Hannan (Liberal), Bert Hendrickson (Labor), Pat Kennelly (Labor) and Ivy Wedgwood (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Country Party was defending one seat. Senators George Branson (Liberal), Harry Cant (Labor), Joe Cooke (Labor), Tom Drake-Brockman (Country) and Malcolm Scott (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested Senate elections in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20651749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651749" title="Acanthurus nigroris">
Acanthurus nigroris

Acanthurus nigroris is a Tang from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 25 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20651766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651766" title="Acanthurus pyroferus">
Acanthurus pyroferus

Acanthurus pyroferus is a species of fish in the family Acanthuridae, the unicornfishes and tangs. Its common names include chocolate surgeonfish, mimic surgeonfish, orange-gilled surgeonfish, Pacific mimic surgeon, and yellowspot surgeon.
This fish can be found in the Indo-Pacific, excluding Hawaii. It lives primarily around steep, shallow slopes near the coast with clear sand and corals. It reaches 25 centimeters in length.
This fish is occasionally kept in aquaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20651786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651786" title="Fund for Wild Nature">
Fund for Wild Nature

The Fund For Wild Nature is an environmental organization that gives financial support to grassroot projects and organizations that work for the protection of biodiversity and wilderness. The Fund works exclusively for projects in countries of North America. It has no endowment and is supported entirely by donations from individuals. Their support has helped foster the beginning of such groups as the Rainforest Action Network, Center for Biological Diversity and Ruckus Society. They were founded in 1982 by members of the Earth First! organization, and their headquarters is in Portland, Oregon.
History.
The Fund For Wild Nature was founded as the "Earth First! Foundation" in 1982 by Lance Christie, LaRue Christie, Abe Blank, Bill Bishop, Ken Sanders (Edward Abbey's friend), and Bruce Hayse. The current name was adopted in 1991. Among the groups that were initiated with the help of their support, we can find the Rainforest Action Network, the Center for Biological Diversity, Sinapu, Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund, Los Padres Forest Watch, Prairie Dog Coalition, and Firefighters United for Safety, Ethics and Ecology.
Structure and aims.
The Fund provides modest grants to grassroots organizations (i.e., those with annual budgets of less than $250,000). It funds project expenses, not general overhead. The Fund provides money for campaigns within the United States, Canada, and Mexico to conserve and restore native species and wild ecosystems, including actions to defend wilderness and biological diversity. The Funds supports grassroot projects for issues that are not given enough national attention, and would otherwise not be funded through mainstream sources. They believe in seeking alliances with related groups within the field to achieve systemic change. Historically, the Fund has supported actions for wildlife, wilderness, rivers and marine life, as well as actions against development, logging, grazing, mining, and other activities the Fund considers harmful.
The Fund bases their principles on the philosophy of biocentrism. They believe that human beings have become displaced from their natural environment, and see the importance of protecting wildlife as part of a fundamental struggle to reconnect to our origins and protect an healthy state of existence.

</doc>
<doc id="20651793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651793" title="Acanthurus lineatus">
Acanthurus lineatus

Acanthurus lineatus, the lined surgeonfish, is a member of the family Acanthuridae, the surgeonfishes. Other common names include blue banded surgeonfish, blue-lined surgeonfish, clown surgeonfish, striped surgeonfish, and zebra surgeonfish.
Description.
This species reaches about 38 centimeters in length. Much of the body has black-edged blue and yellow stripes, and the top of the head is striped with yellow. The belly is grayish. The pectoral fins have darkened rays and the pelvic fins are yellow-brown with black margins. Individuals from around the Philippines vary in coloration. The sharp, forward-pointing spines on the caudal peduncle are venomous.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the western Pacific Ocean from East Africa to the Great Barrier Reef to Japan, and many Pacific Islands. It is known from Hawaii, but it is probably not native there.
Habitat.
The fish is associated with reefs, living in marine waters just a few meters deep. It is benthopelagic.
Behaviour.
The fish is territorial, with a large male defending a feeding territory and a harem of females. The adults may also school, and they gather en masse during spawning. The juvenile is solitary. The fish is mostly herbivorous, but will take crustaceans at times. Most of its diet is algae. It grazes during the day.
Human uses.
This species is of commercial and ornamental value. It is especially important among the reef fishes of American Samoa. In some areas it is heavily exploited, but it lives in many protected zones and in general it is widespread and common.

</doc>
<doc id="20651797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651797" title="Urospatha">
Urospatha

Urospatha is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that consists of approximately 10 species. They are found growing in South America and Central America in swamps, wet savannahs, and brackish water. The leaves of the species in this genus are upward pointing and sagittate. The inflorescences are quite unique; the spathe is mottled and elongated with a spiral twist at the end. The seeds are distributed by water and have a texture similar to cork that allows them to float. They also quickly germinate in water.

</doc>
<doc id="20651813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651813" title="Josh Rosenthal (artist)">
Josh Rosenthal (artist)

Josh Rosenthal is an Australian-American actor and artist best known for his extensive work in Australian T.V., international film and stage work as well as a career as a painter in Europe, Australia and The United States.
Early life and education.
Rosenthal was born in Melbourne, Australia. Rosenthal's early years were surrounded by his parents' significant Australian art collection which included such artists as John Perceval, Charles Blackman, Fred Williams, Brett Whiteley, Norman Lindsay, and Roy De Maistre, all of whom left an impression on him. Thanks to the deep passion and enthusiasm that his parents had for art, and their direct social connection to the world of art, Rosenthal was exposed first hand to the works of many artists from around the world, both historical and contemporary.
Rosenthal took up painting at age 13 against the backdrop of an increasingly fragmented and dysfunctional home. The sense of deep isolation he felt from this became his focus and oil and canvas became his most powerful means of expression which is still evident in his thematic work today.
Rosenthal began his art education at Wesley College in Melbourne, where he was distinguished with the Art Award for Excellence and graduated with the highest mark in the state in Fine Arts. As a consequence he was invited to exhibit in Australia's national public galleries as part of a touring show. He went on to a degree at the prestigious National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) in Sydney.
Career.
Actor.
On graduating from the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) Rosenthal appeared in several Australian TV shows, including the highly rated "Police Rescue", "Water Rats", the soap opera "Home and Away", and "Heartlands", "Murder Call" and the film "The Bet". Rosenthal has recently finished filming The Last Godfather" with Harvey Keitel, Jason Mewes and Michael Rispoli.
Rosenthal's most noticeable stage performances were in the world premiere of Louis Nowra's 1998 production of "The Jungle", where his character of the Romanian opportunist was said to be 'Streep-like'. "The Jungle" chronicled the back room dealings of many of Sydney Australia's socialites and notorious underworld dealings and figures from the mid to late 1980s. His other noted performance was as the angry Scotsman 'Brodie' in the 2003 production of Sir Tom Stoppard's "The Real Thing", where he played opposite Hugo Weaving at the Sydney Theatre Company.
Art.
Rosenthal's early theatrical career provided a strong base for his painting's subject matter developing his very narrative-driven style.Josh Rosenthal's work is an exploration of the individual and often unconscious segments that make up our character along with the distant emotions that form our psyche.
His earlier work included a range of voyeur-like characters, innocents and the more seedy elements of society, placed inside isolated scenes and backdrops are an extraction of common elements within us all.
The viewer forms a relationship with the characters, both human and animal, in Rosenthal's works. The irony being that at first look the figures seem isolated and lonely but inherently have a depth that draws the viewer into the soul. There is a very strong connection that ties the viewer to the emotional world of Rosenthal's figures as his work often searches for ways to 'touch' the viewer.
The shadows, the blur of a moving body part, the smudge of a lip or the additional body outline are symbols that he often uses throughout his works help the viewer to access and discover what lies below our human façades, our deep, dark inner workings.
His work is often described as being full of colors that are vibrant and alive and totally devoid of muddiness. His startling and curious subject matter resonates with a certainty that indicates that he is fully in control of his artistic prowess.
He is also exploring and often questioning what is the true self and what are our true desires as well as attempting to bring an overall ambiguity to the work.

</doc>
<doc id="20651814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651814" title="Acanthurus dussumieri">
Acanthurus dussumieri

Acanthurus dussumieri is a Tang from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 54 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20651816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651816" title="Mottram Tunnel">
Mottram Tunnel

The Mottram Tunnel (Mottram in Longdendale) is a tunnel carrying drinking water by gravity from Arnfield Reservoir, Tintwistle, Derbyshire in the valley of the River Etherow, to Godley, Greater Manchester in the valley of the River Tame. It was essential to the construction of the Longdendale Chain of reservoirs constructed by John Frederick Bateman. The tunnel was built between August 1848 and October 1850, and the Godley service reservoir was built to receive and filter the water. That was finished in 1851.
The Manchester Corporation Waterworks Act 1847 gave permission for the construction of the Woodhead, Hollingworth and Arnfield reservoirs, and the construction of a masonry aqueduct to convey drinking water from the Arnfield and Hollingworth reservoirs to a service reservoir at Godley. Manchester Corporation Waterworks Act 1848 allowed the construction of Torside and Rhodeswood reservoirs, and an aqueduct to convey the water to the Arnfield reservoir. 
The tunnel pierces the ridge that lies between the Etherow valley and the Tame valley. It is long, and has a gradient of . It is lined in stone, is in diameter and can carry 50 million gallons a day (230 Ml/d).
See also.
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom

</doc>
<doc id="20651818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651818" title="Paseo">
Paseo

Paseo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20651820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651820" title="2002 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
2002 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Nicolas Escudé was the defending champion and won in the final 3–6, 7–6(9–7), 6–4 against Tim Henman.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20651822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651822" title="Oklahoma Sooners football, 1930–39">
Oklahoma Sooners football, 1930–39

__NOTOC__
1939.
Schedule.
"Source: Oklahoma Sooners football results, 1930-1939"

</doc>
<doc id="20651832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651832" title="Bârladul">
Bârladul

Bârladul was a weekly newspaper published in Bârlad, Romania. The newspaper was first published on July 20, 1887, by Solomon Haliţă and Gheorghe Ghibănescu. Its mai contributors were Grigore Negură, C.Slobozeanu, St. G.
Drăgănescu, Ion Chiriacescu and Theodor Emandi. Other authors were Gheorghe Ghibănescu, D.H. Petrovici, D.G. Dorin,
Lazăr Grecea, Anghelachi S. Creţu, Constant Drăgulinescu, Leon Gârbea. The last number of the newspaper was printed on August 28, 1888.
The newspaper was published again on September 16, 1898 as a supporter of the Conservative Party, the editor in chief being politician and diplomat Theodor Emandi. The newspaper was printed alternatively by the George Caţafani and the C. D. Lupaşcu printing houses. It appeared, with great irregularity, until 1914. 

</doc>
<doc id="20651842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651842" title="Acanthurus tristis">
Acanthurus tristis

Acanthurus tristis is a Tang from the Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 25 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20651866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651866" title="Whitecheek surgeonfish">
Whitecheek surgeonfish

The whitecheek surgeonfish, also known as the goldenrim surgeonfish or yellow-spotted surgeonfish, "Acanthurus nigricans", is a reef-associated tang found from the central Indo-Pacific area to the eastern Pacific coast, Hawaii included. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to 21.3 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20651889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651889" title="Mehdi Makhloufi">
Mehdi Makhloufi

Mehdi Makhloufi (born October 14, 1978 in Roubaix, France) is a French-Algerian footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for KMSK Deinze in the Belgian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20651898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651898" title="Acanthurus japonicus">
Acanthurus japonicus

Acanthurus japonicus is a Tang from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 21 cm in length. It is also known as Japan Surgeonfish, White-faced Surgeonfish and White-nose Surgeonfish.

</doc>
<doc id="20651936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651936" title="Acanthurus maculiceps">
Acanthurus maculiceps

Acanthurus maculiceps is a Tang from the Indo-West Pacific. It is known commonly as the white-freckled surgeonfish It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 40 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20651971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651971" title="Ctenochaetus binotatus">
Ctenochaetus binotatus

Ctenochaetus binotatus, commonly known as the Twospot surgeonfish, is a tang fish native to the Indo-Pacific region, excluding the Red Sea,Hawaii and the Marquesan Islands. 
It is a reef fish occurring at depths from 10–50 m (33–165 ft) and can grow to 22 cm in length. It is a brownish colour with green tinged stripes along the body and similarly coloured spots on the face. The eye is surrounded by a small area of vivid blue. 
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. 

</doc>
<doc id="20651986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651986" title="Striated surgeonfish">
Striated surgeonfish

The striated surgeonfish, "Ctenochaetus striatus", is a species of marine fish in the family Acanthuridae.
The striated surgeonfish can reach a maximum size of 24 cm in length, but its common size is observed to be around 18 cm.
The striated surgeonfish is one of the few herbivorous fishes which are occasionally toxic. Ciguatera poisoning is caused by the accumulation of a toxin produced by certain microscopic dinoflagellates which it ingests while feeding on algae. If a contaminated fish is eaten by humans, the concentrated poison contained within its tissues causes neurological damage that can be fatal.
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20651987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651987" title="Maebongsan (Wonju/Yeongwol, Gangwon-do)">
Maebongsan (Wonju/Yeongwol, Gangwon-do)

Maebongsan is a mountain between the county of Yeongwol and the city of Wonju, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20651999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20651999" title="Ctenochaetus hawaiiensis">
Ctenochaetus hawaiiensis

Ctenochaetus hawaiiensis also known as Chevron tang is a Tang from the Pacific Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 25 cm in length. As a juvenile it is a yellow to orange color with purple markings, as an adult it is dark brown with light colored fine horizontal striping. 

</doc>
<doc id="20652006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652006" title="Tomasz Mrowka">
Tomasz Mrowka

Tomasz Mrowka (born 8 September 1961) is a Polish American mathematician. He has been the Singer Professor of Mathematics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology since 2010, from 2007 to 2010 he was the Simons Professor of Mathematics. A graduate of MIT, he received the Ph.D. from University of California, Berkeley in 1988 under the direction of Clifford Taubes and Robion Kirby. He joined the MIT mathematics faculty as professor in 1996, following faculty appointments at Stanford and at Caltech (professor 1994–96).
Mrowka's research is in differential geometry and gauge theory. A prior Sloan fellow and Young Presidential Investigator, he was selected for a Clay Mathematics Visiting Professorship in 1995. In 2007, he received the Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry from the AMS jointly with Peter Kronheimer, "for their joint contributions to both three- and four-dimensional topology through the development of deep analytical techniques and applications." He is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences.
Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry.
The award citation mentions three papers that Mrowka and Kronheimer wrote together.
The first paper in 1995 deals with Donaldson's polynomial invariants and introduced Kronheimer–Mrowka basic class, which have been used to prove a variety of results about the topology and geometry of 4-manifolds, and partly motivated Witten's introduction of the Seiberg–Witten invariants.
The second paper proves the so-called Thom conjecture and was one of the first deep applications of the then brand new Seiberg–Witten equations to four-dimensional topology.
In the third paper in 2004, Mrowka and Kronheimer used their earlier development of Seiberg–Witten monopole Floer homology to prove the Property P conjecture for knots. The citation says: "The proof is a beautiful work of synthesis which draws upon advances made in the fields of gauge theory, symplectic and contact geometry, and foliations over the past 20 years,".
Doob Prize.
In 2011 Mrowka with Peter B. Kronheimer received 2011 Doob Prize for their book "Monopoles and Three-Manifolds" (Cambridge University Press, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20652011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652011" title="Maebongsan (Yeongwol, Gangwon-do)">
Maebongsan (Yeongwol, Gangwon-do)

Maebongsan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20652023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652023" title="Rachel Notley">
Rachel Notley

Rachel Anne Notley is a Canadian lawyer and politician, currently a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta. Notley's legal career has focused on labour law, with a specialty in workers' compensation advocacy and workplace health and safety issues. Notley was elected MLA for Edmonton Strathcona in the 2008 provincial election, succeeding former NDP leader Raj Pannu.
Early life.
Born on April 17, 1964, Notley grew up in the town of Fairview, Alberta as the daughter of Sandy and Alberta NDP Leader and MLA Grant Notley. She is the sister of Paul Notley and Stephen Notley (author and illustrator of "Bob the Angry Flower").
Notley earned a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Political Science at the University of Alberta, and a law degree at Osgoode Hall Law School.
Activism.
After law school, Notley articled for Edmonton labour lawyer Bob Blakely, and went on to work for the Alberta Union of Provincial Employees representing members with Workers' Compensation cases.
In 1994, Notley moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, where she worked for the Health Sciences Association of BC as their occupational health and safety officer. During her time in BC, she worked for one year as a ministerial assistant to the provincial Attorney General. In this role, she was part of the team that first expanded the application of BC's family relations laws to same sex couples, several years before the Government of Canada took similar initiatives.
Notley acted as a representative of the provincial labour movement in the negotiation and drafting of new workplace health and safety standards.
During her time in Vancouver, Notley was active with “Moms on the Move”, an organization that advocated for the rights of special needs children. She is also a past board member of the Vancouver Community College. Notley returned to Edmonton in 2002. She worked for a short time for the National Union of Public and General Employees (NUPGE), worked at Athabasca University, acted as volunteer co-ordinator for the Friends of Medicare "Romanow Now" campaign, and finally as a labour relations officer for the United Nurses of Alberta.
Notley did volunteer work with the Strathcona Community League in 2006, assisting with a drive to garner support for the installation of sidewalks in east Strathcona.
Politics.
Notley was nominated to be the candidate for the Alberta NDP in the provincial constituency of Edmonton Strathcona in October 2006. She won the 2008 Alberta provincial election and was elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for Edmonton-Strathcona. She was re-elected in the 2012 Alberta provincial election. She serves as the NDP House Leader and critic for Enterprise & Advanced Education, Environment & Sustainable Resource Development, Justice & Solicitor General, and Human Services.

</doc>
<doc id="20652025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652025" title="Slavic name suffix">
Slavic name suffix

A Slavic name suffix is a common way of forming patronymics, family names, and pet names in the Slavic languages (also called the Slavonic languages).
Many, if not most, Slavic last names are formed by adding possessive and other suffixes to given names and other words.
An example using an occupation is "koval" or "kowal" which means blacksmith. It is the root of the names Kowalsky, Kowalchuk, Kowalczyk, Kovalenko, Kovalyov, and Kovalev. All mean "descendant of a blacksmith".
The given name Petr or Petro (equivalent to Peter) can become Petrov, Petriv, Petriw, Petrovsky, Petrovich, and Petric. All mean "descendant of Peter". This is similar to the use of "-son" or "-sen" in Germanic languages. For example Johnson means "John's son", Anderson means "Anders' son", etc.
In East Slavic languages (Belarusian, Russian, Rusyn, and Ukrainian) the same phenomenon of name suffixes can be used to express several meanings. One of the most common is the patronymic. Instead of a secondary "middle" given name, people identify themselves with their given and family name and patronymic, a name based on their father's given name. If a man gives his full name as Boris "Vladimirovich" Kuznetsov, then his father's name must have been Vladimir. Vladimirovich in this case literally means "Vladimir's son".
Similarly suffixes can also be attached to express affection or informality. For example calling a boy named Ivan as Vanya expresses that he is familiar to you. This the same as switching Jonathan for John or Johnny.

</doc>
<doc id="20652069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652069" title="Hilal al-Sabi'">
Hilal al-Sabi'

Works.
Hilal al-Sabi' is the author of numerous books, not all of which have survived. Bureaucratic matters and matters of the court were his main themes, along with history.
Perhaps his most famous book is the "Rusum dar al-khilafa" which is a manual for behavior and work in the Abbasid court of late Buyid Baghdad. Though it is designed as a set of instructions and advice, the book contains numerous statistics, anecdotes and historical asides.
Only of the beginning of this work has survived, which deals with the viziers of the caliph Al-Muqtadir.
This too survives only in fragmentary form, but its fragments fill a much needed gap in the chronicles of the late Buyid era, up to the year 393 hijri (1003 AD).

</doc>
<doc id="20652082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652082" title="Almeda (Barcelona Metro)">
Almeda (Barcelona Metro)

Almeda is a railway station in Cornellà de Llobregat, near Barcelona. Since FGC's L8 is listed as a Barcelona Metro and Metro del Baix Llobregat line, it's also considered a metro station. Besides L8, it's served by other FGC lines, namely S33, S4, S5, R5 and R6, all of which terminate at Espanya.
The station as it can currently be seen was opened on July 9, 1985, when the L8 section between Sant Josep and Cornellà became an underground service. Before then, the station was above ground. It is located under Passeig dels Ferrocarrils Catalans, between carrer de Dolors Almeda Roig (east) and carrer del Vallès (west).
The station has two platforms with the rails separating them. There are two station entrances. The eastern exit leads to the east of Carrer de Sant Ferran and starts from the eastern ends of the platforms (direction Cornellà-Riera); the western exit starts from the middle of the platforms and leads to the west of Carrer de Sant Ferran. The western exit opened in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="20652086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652086" title="Acanthurus nigrofuscus">
Acanthurus nigrofuscus

Acanthurus nigrofuscus, also known as the brown surgeonfish or lavender tang, is a tang from the Indo-Pacific. It makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to 36 cm in length. Recently, a huge bacterium discovered in its intestine, "Epulopiscium fishelsoni", has been found to grow as large as 6oo by 80 μm, a little smaller than a printed hyphen.

</doc>
<doc id="20652115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652115" title="Ctenochaetus tominiensis">
Ctenochaetus tominiensis

Coris tominiensis, known commonly as the Tomini surgeonfish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Acanthuridae.
The Tomini surgeonfish is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the central Indo-Pacific region from Indonesia to the Tonga Islands.
The Tomini surgeonfish is a small size fish and can reach a maximum size of 16 cm length.
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20652117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652117" title="Mosetse River">
Mosetse River

The Mosetse River is a natural watercourse in Botswana. Within the country of Botswana the Mosetse is a source of water to the ephemeral wetlands of the Makgadikgadi Pans, where a number of crustacean species of limited distribution thrive. More specifically the Mosetse River discharges to Sua Pan, draining parts of eastern Botswana.

</doc>
<doc id="20652134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652134" title="La Vale Tollgate House">
La Vale Tollgate House

La Vale Tollgate House is a historic toll house in La Vale, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a two story brick structure built in 1835-1836, with seven sides--a basic polygon plan. A one-story Tuscan-columned porch extends around the five outer sides of the polygonal portion. On top is a non-functional reconstructed cupola. The building served as a toll house on the Cumberland or National Road and was the first such structure to be erected.
La Vale Tollgate House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20652136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652136" title="2008 Jerez Superleague Formula round">
2008 Jerez Superleague Formula round

The 2008 Jerez Superleague Formula round was the sixth and final round of the inaugural Superleague Formula championship, with the races taking place on November 23, 2008. Eighteen football teams were represented on the grid, the same number of teams as there was at the previous four rounds. There were two driver changes before this round of the championship: James Walker replaced Enrico Toccacelo in the Borussia Dortmund car and Bertrand Baguette returned to the Al Ain cockpit replacing Dominick Muermans. Paul Meijer had been expected to return, however his injury from the previous round at Vallelunga kept him out. The meeting saw a second win for A.C. Milan and a first win for Borussia Dortmund. With a ninth in the first race coupled with other low placings for Liverpool F.C. and PSV Eindhoven, Beijing Guoan clinched the first Superleague Formula title. With a third in the final race, Beijing won the title with 413 points, some 66 points clear of PSV, and two points further back were Milan.
Report.
Qualifying.
After the random draw which split the eighteen-car field into two groups, the fastest four qualifiers from each progressed into the knockout stages to decide places 1 to 8 on the grid. Max Wissel (FC Basel 1893) and Bertrand Baguette (Al Ain) both missed out on the top eight, despite setting times faster than Group B 4th Borja García in the Sevilla FC car. As fastest drivers in their groups, Adrián Vallés (Liverpool F.C.) and Franck Perera (A.S. Roma) were expected to meet in the final, and sure enough, they did. Vallés became the first repeat polesitter in Superleague, with his 1:29.088 beating Perera's 1:29.328.
Race 1.
At the start, Vallés led away from Perera, with Andy Soucek (Atlético Madrid) passing Tristan Gommendy (F.C. Porto) for third on the opening lap. On lap five, Wissel spun out of tenth place, and this allowed Craig Dolby's R.S.C. Anderlecht car into the top ten and towards the front, Soucek passed Perera for second place. Lap seven saw the first retirement, with Alessandro Pier Guidi pulling the Galatasaray S.K. car off with engine troubles. Lap eight saw the first pitstop - Antônio Pizzonia (SC Corinthians) pitting from sixth position. Vallés then brought in the Liverpool machine on lap nine, allowing Soucek through into the lead. Tuka Rocha retired on lap ten, having suddenly slowed the lap before in the CR Flamengo car, nearly taking out Davide Rigon's championship-leading Beijing Guoan car due to gearbox issues. Soucek continued to lead until his pitstop on lap 14 - except he didn't make it all the way to the garage. A spin on the way in, caused too much damage and Soucek retired. Vallés thus returned to lead by over 10 seconds from Robert Doornbos (A.C. Milan), Pizzonia, Gommendy and Duncan Tappy (Tottenham Hotspur). Fifteen of the sixteen laps remaining passed and Vallés looked untroubled. However, the engine in the Liverpool car died on the final lap, and Vallés fell from first to seventh, and with it went the championship hopes. Doornbos inherited victory ahead of Gommendy, Tappy, Dolby, Perera, García, Vallés, Yelmer Buurman (PSV Eindhoven), Rigon (which sealed the championship for Beijing Guoan), Baguette, Wissel, Pizzonia (who had been demoted due to pitting outside the window), Stamatis Katsimis (Olympiacos CFP), James Walker (Borussia Dortmund) and Ryan Dalziel (Rangers F.C.), who was seven laps down.
Race 2.
Pier Guidi started from pole for the final race of the season, with Rocha alongside. Again, Soucek made up a place at the start, passing Walker for fourth. Pier Guidi's lead was up to nine seconds on lap six, when Soucek exited from fourth - spinning out to complete a miserable weekend. Lap eight saw a massive shunt, involving seventh-placed Katsimis and eighth-placed Wissel clashed in spectacular fashion - Wissel going over the back over the Olympiacos machine. Most teams started pitting on lap ten, with Pier Guidi pitting on lap twelve. Pizzonia took the lead for one lap before his pitstop, handing Dalziel the lead. During these stops, Vallés and Tappy both retired with gearbox failures. Pier Guidi returned to the lead, leading by some fourteen seconds from Walker, Pizzonia, Rigon and Rocha. However, Pier Guidi was struggling with his new set of tyres, and within five laps, the lead was only four seconds and was one second by lap 23. The pressure got to the Italian as he spun down to fourth at the entrance to the back straight. At the same time, Rocha exited fifth place with a spin into the barriers. That's how it finished, as Walker went on to claim the first victory for Dortmund, winning by 1.5 seconds from Pizzonia and Rigon, before a massive gap to the rest of the field led by Pier Guidi followed by Perera, Dalziel, Baguette, Dolby, Buurman, Doornbos, García and Gommendy.

</doc>
<doc id="20652146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652146" title="Zebrasoma xanthurus">
Zebrasoma xanthurus

Zebrasoma xanthurus is a Tang from the Western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 22 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20652151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652151" title="Maebongsan (Taebaek, Gangwon-do)">
Maebongsan (Taebaek, Gangwon-do)

Maebongsan is a mountain in the county of Taebaek, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20652180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652180" title="Maebongsan (Inje, Gangwon-do)">
Maebongsan (Inje, Gangwon-do)

Maebongsan is a mountain in the county of Inje, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20652222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652222" title="Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse de Lyon">
Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse de Lyon

The Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse de Lyon, sometimes referred to as the Conservatoire de Lyon, is a conservatory for the study of music and dance, located in Lyon, France.
It is one of the two existing "Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse" in France, the other being the "Conservatoire de Paris" in Paris.
About.
Under the Ministry of Culture and Communication, CNSMDL is administered by a board whose chairman is appointed by the minister. The current director is Géry Moutier. He directs the conservatory with a deputy director. He is also assisted with a director of musical studies, a director of choreographic studies and a board of educational guidance. The teaching staff consists of 180 teachers, assistants and attendants. The administrative and technical team comprises 65 people. Enrollments are 500 musicians and 90 dancers. Foreign students account for 15% of the workforce.
The average season consists of nearly 300 public events that are part of the educational project, and help showcase the talent and the work of students, faculty and guest artists. Conservatory partnerships provide opportunities to expose students to the workplace.
The CNSMD Lyon is part of a network of fifty higher education institutions through the Erasmus exchange and also increases the projects with institutions outside Europe (in: Montreal, Bogota, Beirut). It has, for its projects and those of students, patronage of the SACEM, the Adams SPEDIDAM Patronage and Musical Société Générale, and for his actions at the international support of the Convention Cultures France, Region and DRAC Rhône-Alpes.
Structure.
The Conservatory offers an education for future professionals, selected by competitive audition. The studies are organized in two distinct cycles approved by the Bologna scheme. The first cycle (3 years) is sanctioned by the National Diploma graduate professional musician / dancer (and DNSPM DNSMD), and the second (2 years) to a degree equal to the rank of master.
Departments.
The faculty are grouped into ten departments:
Annual budget.
The annual budget of the institution is € 11,048,054 and a grant from the direction of music, dance, theater and amounts to € 9,632,911.
Location.
The current facility CNSMD Lyon is located north of the district Old Lyon, quai Chauveau, in the 9th arrondissement of Lyon. These historic buildings originally sheltered a religious community, the Convent of the Sisters of St. Elizabeth (seventeenth century), and after the Revolution, they became the speaker of the Veterinary School Lyon. The current layout of the premise is due to the architect Chabrol (mid-nineteenth century). Finally, in 1980, it was updated and expanded to accommodate the CNSMD Lyon.
External links.
History of public institutions of the Ministry of Culture] (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="20652225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652225" title="Forgotten Realms Adventures">
Forgotten Realms Adventures

Forgotten Realms Adventures is an accessory for the fictional Forgotten Realms campaign setting for the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. The book, with product code TSR 2106, was published in 1990, and was written by Jeff Grubb and Ed Greenwood, with cover art by Clyde Caldwell and interior art by Steven Fabian, Ned Dameron, Larry Elmore, Caldwell, and Jeff Easley.
Contents.
"Forgotten Realms Adventures" is a revision of the "Forgotten Realms Sourcebook and Cyclopedia" material, taking into account the 2nd edition rules and the three years of Forgotten Realms products released up to that time. Among other things, this book cover the deities, secret societie, treasures, specific spells and magic rules of the campaign setting, as well as brief descriptions of the land and cities of the heartlands, with maps.
The 154-page hardcover book features a one page foreword from each of the authors. Jeff Grubb explains that this book introduces the Realms to the second edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons", and gives a brief overview of setting's history.
Chapter 1 (pages 1–13) details the changes that have occurred to the Forgotten Realms setting since the publishing of the original Forgotten Realms Campaign Set, after the Time of Troubles - the events of the first three books of "The Avatar Series" of novels. This chapter describes the changes in character class between first edition and second edition, and how to transition older characters to the newer edition. This chapter also describes physical changes to the Realms, including "dead magic regions" (where no magic will function), and "wild magic regions" (spells cast within the area may be altered radically). Firearm technology is also introduced to the setting.
Chapter 2 (pages 15–39) details three dozen of the various deities of the Realms, with rules for their priests, and introduces the concept of specialty priests: variants of the cleric with a slightly different set of abilities. The portfolios of 32 deities of the setting are described, along with notes and an illustration for each god's specialty priests, including: Auril, Azuth, Beshaba, Chauntea, Cyric, Deneir, Eldath, Gond, Helm, Ilmater, Lathander, Leira, Lliira, Loviatar, Malar, Mask, Mielikki, Milil, Mystra, Oghma, Selûne, Shar, Silvanus, Sune, Talona, Talos, Tempus, Torm, Tymora, Tyr, Umberlee, and Waukeen. Brief notes are given on nonhuman deities, elemental cults (including those of Grumbar, Kossuth, Akadi, and Istishia), beast cults, and the cult of Ao. The Dead Three (Bane, Bhaal, and Myrkul) are also described in the same manner as the 32 active deities.
Chapter 3 (pages 41–67) details magic and the changes to magic and mages in the Realms. This chapter presents 81 magic spells which are in general use, including spells bearing the names of notable mages such as Laeral, Khelben, The Simbul, and Elminster.
Chapter 4 (pages 69–122) details several cities of the Heartlands of the Realms, including descriptions of who rules (and who "really" rules), population figures and major products, armed forces, notable mages, notable churches, notable rogues' and thieves' guilds, equipment shops, adventurers' quarters, important characters, and other important features in town. 24 cities are described, including Arabel, Baldur's Gate, Berdusk, Calaunt, Daerlun, Elturel, Eversult, Hillsfar, Iriaebor, Marsember, Mulmaster, Ordelun, Procampur, Saerlun, Scornubel, Selgaunt, Shadowdale, Suzail, Tantras, Tilverton, Urmlaspyr, Westgate, Yhaunn, and Zhentil Keep. Also included is a page featuring heraldry symbols of various nations, towns, dales, mercenary units, and other organizations, in addition to other symbols shown throughout the text.
Chapter 5 (pages 123-128) details secret societies of the heartlands, including the Harpers, the Zhentarim, and the Red Wizards of Thay.
Chapter 6 (pages 129-146) details a wide variety of different types of treasure that adventuring player characters may discover. Various types of gems, ornamental stones, semi-precious stones, fancy stones, precious stones, gem stones, jewels, hardstones, shells, and art objects are described in detail.
Four appendices are also included in the book. Appendix 1, on page 147, is a treasure table for determining random treasure. Appendix 2 (pages 148-149) is a list of wizard spells by school, Appendix 3 (pages 150-151) is a list of wizard spells by level, Appendix 4 (pages 152-153) contains random spell lists; these three appendices compile spells from "Forgotten Realms Adventures" and the second edition "Player's Handbook".
Page 154 contains a bibliography of Forgotten Realms products for collectors. This bibliography details all Forgotten Realms products published by TSR up to March 1990. This includes all boxed sets, adventures and accessories, board games, products for the Kara-Tur setting, and novels.
Publication history.
"Forgotten Realms Adventures" was written by Jeff Grubb and Ed Greenwood, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian, and was published by TSR in 1990 as a 160-page hardcover.

</doc>
<doc id="20652228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652228" title="Androcydes (painter)">
Androcydes (painter)

Androcydes (or Androkydes) of Cyzicus was a Greek painter of the 4th century BC, whose "Battle of Plataea" became involved in a political controversy. Plutarch's remarks concerning this work are of interest to art historians who study history painting as a genre.
According to Plutarch, Androcydes received a commission from the city of Thebes to paint the battle scene on site. During this period (382–379 BC), the Theban oligarchy had allied with Sparta. When the Spartans were defeated in 379, the work remained unfinished. It was confiscated and dedicated to commemorate a minor skirmish at Plataea, probably in 370, before the battle of Leuctra. Originally, the work was to have honored Pelopidas and Epaminondas, but through the efforts of a certain Menecleides, the name of the Theban commander Charon was substituted, either directly in the painting or on a separate dedicatory plaque.
This repurposing indicates that battle scenes might be depicted so generically that the ostensible subject of the work could be changed simply by giving it a new title and name labels. Although no longer extant, it is the only painting of a cavalry battle known to predate that of Euphranor.
Indicative of an interest also in genre painting, Athenaeus reports that Androcydes' gourmet passion for seafood prompted him to devote inordinate attention to painting the fish around a central figure of Scylla in one of his works.

</doc>
<doc id="20652261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652261" title="New York City Police Department School Safety Division">
New York City Police Department School Safety Division

The New York City Police Department School Safety Division is the school police force for New York City Department of Education schools. The agency is a division of the New York City Police Department, and is one of the largest law enforcement agencies in New York City and the United States with approximately 5,000 School Safety Agents and 200 Police Officers.
History.
The New York City Police Department School Safety Division was formed in 1998 when the School Safety force was transferred from the New York City Department of Education to the New York City Police Department. Since then, the School Safety force has expanded in duties and in number of officers. In 2006, NYPD School Safety Agents were classified Civil Service Status with the first DCAS Civil Service exam given on June 9, 2007.
Mission.
The mission of the NYPD School Safety Division is to provide a safe environment, conducive to learning, where students and faculty can be free from hostility and disruptions which could negatively impact on the educational process.
Power and Authority.
School Safety Agents are designated as New York City Special Patrolman, which gives them the status of a New York State peace officer. With peace officer powers, School Safety Agents can make warrantless arrests, carry and use handcuffs, and use physical force. According to the penal law, School Safety Agents have peace officer powers throughout New York State.
Uniform and Vehicles.
School Safety Agents wear uniforms that look identical to the uniform worn by police officers except for the color of the shirt, which is light blue in contrast to dark blue shirts worn by police officers and Auxiliary Police officers. Their badge is oval with an eagle on top, in contrast to the shield worn by police officers and the seven point star worn by Auxiliary Police officers. School Safety vehicles are either dark blue with white decals or white with light blue decals.
Rank Structure and Duties.
There are ten different ranks within the New York City Police Department School Safety Division:
The NYPD has never specifically stepped forward and delineated where the civilian rank structure of the School Safety Division fits vis-a-vis the Department's uniformed rank structure. For instance, a "School Safety Agent III" wears the insignia of a uniformed sergeant, but is compensated at a rate roughly half that of a uniformed police officer.
This problem runs throughout the entire rank structure.
Borough Commands.
The commands follow the Patrol Boroughs, but with one exception the Bronx is split. The Commands are Manhattan South, Manhattan North, Bronx East, Bronx West, Brooklyn South, Brooklyn North, Queens South, Queens North and Staten Island.
Training Unit.
The mission of the School Safety Training Unit (SSTU) is to provide entry-level School Safety Agents with a fundamental understanding of Department procedures, policies, and the limits of their authority. The basic course for Peace Officers without Firearms is a 15-week program geared to instructing School Safety Agents on the fundamentals of law enforcement. Topics include behavioral science, police science, law, powers of a peace officer, physical training and tactics, CPR, and first aid.
In 2004, SSTU conducted three entry-level courses for a total of 551 School Safety Agents. Assistance was also provided to the NYPD School Safety Division’s In-Service Training Unit. Another 1,107 Agents were trained during these sessions.
Also in 2004, continued emphasis was placed on counter terrorism training. School Safety Agents received instruction on current events and conditions that are directly related to terrorism. Other additions to the curriculum included the introduction of facilitated role-play exercises on bomb/explosive device recognition and gang-related incidents.
As of 2008, the School Safety academy has been moved to the police academy facility where police officers are trained.
Task Force.
The School Safety Division maintains 10 task forces. There is one task force per borough command, and a citywide task force. The duties of the borough task force's are to patrol around schools in the borough to reduce crime and find students who are skipping school or class, provide assistance to school safety agents assigned to schools in the borough when they need additional manpower, assist with details at schools in the borough, and respond to emergencies at schools in the borough where additional manpower is needed. The duties of the citywide task force are to assist the borough task force's, patrol around high crime schools to reduce crime and find students who are skipping school or class, provide assistance to school safety agents assigned to schools when they need additional manpower, assist with details at schools, and respond to emergencies at schools where additional manpower is needed.
There are also two police task forces covering the schools. One covers Manhattan and The Bronx and the other covers Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. Each of these task forces has roughly 90 police officers assigned.
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the New York City Police Department School Safety Division, 2 officers have died in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="20652301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652301" title="The Last Session (album)">
The Last Session (album)

The Last Session (also released as Lee Morgan) is the final studio album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan before his death in 1972. It was originally released on the Blue Note label in 1972 as a double LP, and features performances by Morgan, Grachan Moncur III, Bobbi Humphrey, Billy Harper, Harold Mabern, Reggie Workman, Jymie Merritt and Freddie Waits.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars stating "It is unfortunate that the brilliant and forward-thinking Morgan was cut down at such a young age, for as the music was changing, he would have adapted, as this final statement valiantly suggests."

</doc>
<doc id="20652306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652306" title="Nika Gilauri">
Nika Gilauri

Nika Gilauri (, ; born 14 February 1975) is a Georgian politician who was Prime Minister of Georgia from 6 February 2009 to 30 June 2012. He had served as Minister for Energy (2004–2007) and Minister for Finance (2007–2009) and First Vice Prime Minister in the Cabinet of Georgia (2008–2009).
Education and early career.
Born in Tbilisi, Nika Gilauri graduated from Tbilisi State University, where he gained Bachelor of Arts in International Economics. He pursued education at the University of Limerick, in Limerick, Ireland where he studied Economics and Finances and gained an MA in International Business Management from Temple University, Philadelphia, USA. In 1999, Nika Gilauri worked for Dublin International Financial Centre as well as in the fund management corporation Invesco, as a fund administrator-manager. He was a financial consultant for energy conservation projects at the Philadelphia Small Business Development Centre (2000), the Georgian telecommunication company Telecom Georgia (2001), and the Georgian energy market management contractor, the Spanish corporation Iberdrola (2002). From 2003 to 2004 he worked for the Georgian state electricity system management contractor, ESBI (Ireland) as a management contractor and financial controller on the Georgian state electricity system.
In the government.
Nika Gilauri first joined the government of Georgia after the peaceful 2003 "Rose Revolution" replaced President Eduard Shevardnadze in favor of a young reformist team led by Mikheil Saakashvili. In the Saakashvili administration, Nika Gilauri received the post of Minister for Energetics on 17 February 2004. After a series of blackouts in Georgia from December 2004 to February 2005, there were some speculations regarding Gilauri's possible dismissal. He spearheaded a program to overcome energy crisis. He played a prominent role in negotiating the provision of gas supply by Azerbaijan and Iran in January 2006, when gas and electric power supply to Georgia was suspended as a result of alleged sabotages in the Russian territory. 
In March 2006, a controversy followed Nika Gilauri's statement that selling of Georgia's gas pipelines to the Russian state-run Gazprom was possible provided the price and terms of contract were acceptable. He later explained that talks on privatization were not underway and these proposals had never been discussed with Russian side. In December 2006, Gilauri was praised by President Saakashvili for his "historic" deals with Turkey and Azerbaijan on gas supplies to Georgia. 
On 7 September 2007, Nika Gilauri was moved to the post of Minister of Finances, a post he retained in a cabinet reshuffle following the 2007 political crisis. 
In December 2008, Gilauri also assumed the newly created office of the First Vice Prime Minister of Georgia, and succeeded Grigol Mgaloblishvili as Prime Minister of Georgia on 6 February 2009. Having won a confidence vote by the Parliament of Georgia, Gilauri named tackling unemployment as his foremost priority and promised to set up an inter-agency working group to coordinate further democratic reforms and pursue a "consistent policy towards de-occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia", two disputed regions considered by Georgia as Russian-occupied territories. He also said under his premiership Georgia would remain committed to its NATO integration policy. One of the very first political decisions that Gilauri made as Prime Minister was to dismiss Kakha Bendukidze, Head of the State Chancellery and a leading figure behind Georgia’s economic reforms of the 2000s. On 30 June 2012, President Saakashvili replaced him with Ivane Merabishvili, appointing Gilauri as the head of the JSC Partnership Fund, a state-owned stock fund.
Personal life.
Nika Gilauri married in January 2010 the former Georgian fashion model Marine Shamugia (b. 9 February 1985), a Sukhumi native and a member of the beauty contest Miss Georgia–2004. They have a daughter, Mari (born 17 July 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20652314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652314" title="Lola Artôt de Padilla">
Lola Artôt de Padilla

Lola Artôt de Padilla (5 October 1876 or 1880 - 12 April 1933) was a French-Spanish soprano, renowned in Germany, where she mainly sang.
Biography.
Lola Artôt de Padilla was born in Sèvres near Paris as Dolores de Padilla. Her year of birth is given as either 1880 or 1876. Her mother was the famous Belgian-born soprano Désirée Artôt (de Padilla), and her father was a well-known Spanish baritone, Mariano Padilla y Ramos. (They had married in 1869 while Désirée Artôt was still informally engaged to Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, but she did not inform him she had changed her mind.) Her godmother was her mother's singing teacher Pauline Viardot. She exhibited her vocal ability at a young age, but not her mother’s fiery temperament.
Her mother was her sole singing teacher. She made an unofficial debut in Paris and her major debut at the Hoftheater Wiesbaden in 1902 in the title role of Thomas's "Mignon" and from 1905 until 1908 she sang at the Komische Oper Berlin. From 1909 until 1927 she worked at the Berliner Hofoper (Imperial Opera). She also performed in other cities in Germany and in the Netherlands, Paris, Scandinavia and Poland.
Lola Artôt de Padilla created the role of Vreli (Juliet) in Frederick Delius's "A Village Romeo and Juliet" (Berlin, 21 February 1907).
She was the first in Berlin to sing the title roles in Busoni's opera "Turandot" and Richard Strauss's "Der Rosenkavalier" (Strauss considered her the best Octavian he had ever heard), the Composer in Strauss's "Ariadne auf Naxos", and the Goosegirl in Engelbert Humperdinck's "Königskinder" (European premiere, 14 January 1911). 
She was famous for her interpretation of Cherubino in "The Marriage of Figaro" and Zerlina in "Don Giovanni", both by Mozart (her father Mariano Padilla y Ramos had himself been a renowned Don Giovanni). Her repertory also included the Countess in "The Marriage of Figaro", Marie in Smetana's "The Bartered Bride", Charlotte in Massenet's "Werther", Micaela in Bizet's "Carmen",and Oscar in Verdi's "Un ballo in maschera". She became a Berlin singing teacher, her pupils including Rose Olitzka.
Lola Artôt de Padilla died in Berlin in 1933, aged either 52 or 56, and is buried at the Südwestfriedhof, Stahnsdorf.
Recordings.
She made a number of recordings and she appears in EMI's "The Record of Singing".

</doc>
<doc id="20652321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652321" title="Rock 'n Roll Records">
Rock 'n Roll Records

Rock 'n Roll Records was a subsidiary record label under Scotti Brothers Records (sometimes spelled Scotti Bros. Records), which was a California-based record label founded by Tony and Ben Scotti. The label is most noted for helping to launch the career of parodist "Weird Al" Yankovic.

</doc>
<doc id="20652333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652333" title="Bognera">
Bognera

Bognera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single species that makes up the genus is Bognera recondita. The word "recondita" means "hidden" referring to the fact that the plant is only found in remote areas of Amazonian Brazil near the Peruvian border. The species was discovered in the late 1970s and was originally placed in the genus "Ulearum". In 1984 a new genus, "Bognera" named after the German Aroid specialist Josef Bogner, was created for it. "Bognera" is believed to be closely related to "Dieffenbachia".

</doc>
<doc id="20652379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652379" title="Janko Kos">
Janko Kos

Janko Kos (born 9 March 1931) is a Slovenian literary historian, theoretician, and critic. 
He was born in Ljubljana in what was then the Kingdom of Yugoslavia as the son of the painter and sculptor Tine Kos. His father was a liberal and freethinker (during World War II a supporter of the pro-Communist Liberation Front of the Slovenian People), while his mother was a devout Roman Catholic.
He studied at the University of Ljubljana, where he graduated from comparative literature in 1956. Among his schoolmates was the famous literary scholar Dušan Pirjevec Ahac. During this period, Kos became involved in the intellectual endeavours of the "Critical generation," a group of young Slovene artists and intellectuals who challenged the cultural policies of the Titoist regime. Among Kos' closest collaborators during this time were the literary theoretician Taras Kermauner, dissident sociologist Jože Pučnik, writer Dominik Smole, essayist Primož Kozak, and the poet Dane Zajc, Kos' cousin. He wrote in the alternative journal "Perspektive" until they were closed by the Communist regime in 1964.
In 1969 Kos obtained his PhD at the University of Ljubljana under the supervision of Anton Ocvirk. From 1970, he has taught literary theory at the University. Kos dedicated most of his scholarly career researching the literary, intellectual and personal profile of the Slovene Romantic poet France Prešeren, publishing several innovative studies in this regard. He also researched the literary work of Ivan Cankar, Matija Čop, and Valentin Vodnik. He has also written several text books of Slovene and world literature for high schools. 
Since 1983, Kos has been a member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Since the late 1990s, Kos has been a public supporter of the Slovenian Democratic Party. Since 2004 he has been a member of the liberal conservative civic platform Rally for the Republic ().
He is the father of the literary critic Matevž Kos and the father-in-law of the writer and editor Igor Bratož.

</doc>
<doc id="20652384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652384" title="Maebongsan">
Maebongsan

Maebongsan (매봉산; 梅峰山) is the name of several mountains in South Korea: 
It is rendered as Maepongsan in North Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="20652388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652388" title="1952 Campeonato Profesional">
1952 Campeonato Profesional

The 1952 Campeonato Profesional was the 5th season of Colombia's top-flight football league. 15 teams compete against one another and played each weekend. The tournament was notable for being the fourth year of El Dorado. Millonarios won the league for 3rd time in its history after getting 46 points.
Background.
The tournament was the fourth year of El Dorado. The number of teams was reduced from 18 to 15: Deportes Caldas and Once Deportivo joined to form Deportivo Manizales. Huracán de Medellín disappeared due to poor performance, while Independiente Medellín had to retire because of an economic crisis.
Universidad, who was also in an economic crisis, received a lot of players from other teams in order to enable their participation in the championship: Santa Fe loaned it Roberto Martínez, Atilio Miotti, Juan Candall, José María Arnaldo, Oscar Contreras, Luis López, Mario Fernández y Angel Perucca; Millonarios loaned Tomás Aves; Junior loaned Heraldo Ferreyro; Deportivo Manizales loaned Segundo Tessori, Vicente Gallina and Osvaldo Bianco; and Deportivo Samarios loaned Milos Dragoilovich.
Millonarios became the first team to win the championship three times, and the first team to win two consecutive titles. Alfredo Di Stéfano became goalscorer of the tournament for the second time in succession. This was the most successful year of the denominated Ballet Azul, in which also played 33 international matches, finishing with 20 wins, 10 draws and 3 losses, being the 4-2 win against Real Madrid its most memorable match.
Final standings.
Top goalscorers.
Source: RSSSF.com Colombia 1952

</doc>
<doc id="20652422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652422" title="Yakov Eliashberg">
Yakov Eliashberg

Yakov Eliashberg (; born 11 December 1946) is a Russian mathematician.
He received his Ph.D. from Leningrad University in 1972 under the direction of Vladimir Rokhlin. From 1972 to 1979 he taught at the Syktyvkar State University of Komi Republic of Russia and from 1980 to 1987 worked in industry as the head of a computer software group. In 1988 Eliashberg moved to the United States, and since 1989 he has been a professor of mathematics at Stanford University. He also sits on the selection committee for the Mathematics award, given under the auspices of the Shaw Prize.
Eliashberg received the Leningrad Mathematical Society Prize in 1972. In 1986 and in 1998 he was an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians. He delivered the Porter Lectures at Rice University (1992), the Rademacher Lectures at the University of Pennsylvania (1996), the Marston Morse Lectures at the Institute for Advanced Study (1996), the Frontiers in Mathematics Lectures at Texas A&M University (1997), and the Marker Lectures at Pennsylvania State University (2000). In 1995 Eliashberg was a recipient of the Guggenheim Fellowship. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry.
In 2001 he was awarded the Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry from the AMS for his work in symplectic and contact topology. In particular for his proof of the symplectic rigidity and the development of 3-dimensional contact topology.

</doc>
<doc id="20652427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652427" title="Hoplolatilus starcki">
Hoplolatilus starcki

Hoplolatilus starcki, Stark's tilefish, is a species of tilefish native to the western Pacific. It is found on the outer slopes of reefs at depths of from though it is rarer deeper than . This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20652452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652452" title="Hoplolatilus purpureus">
Hoplolatilus purpureus

Hoplolatilus purpureus, the Purple sand tilefish, is a species of tilefish native to the western central Pacific Ocean. It is native to the seaward side of reefs and occurs at depths of from . This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20652457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652457" title="Louanner Peters">
Louanner Peters

Louanner Peters is a former deputy governor of Illinois. She was appointed by Rod Blagojevich in December 2006, becoming the first African-American woman to hold the position.
Peters grew up on a farm in Angie, Louisiana, and was the ninth of twelve children. She earned a Bachelor's degree in political science at Louisiana State University in 1971, and a masters degree at the Jane Addams College of Social Work of the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1973. She served as chief of staff for U.S. Representative Gus Savage for 10 years starting in 1981. In 1992, she unsuccessfully ran as an independent candidate for Illinois's 2nd congressional district. She then did campaign work for Washington D.C. mayors Marion Barry and Anthony Williams, and for Blagojevich on a contractual basis. She was hired as Blagojevich's deputy chief of staff for social services in 2003, and was promoted to deputy governor in 2006.
According to an anonymous source, Peters is said to be the person referred to as "Senate Candidate 4" in the Blagojevich criminal complaint. In a private conversation, Blagojevich considered appointing Senate Candidate 4 to Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat because he believed he could "count on Candidate 4, if things got hot, to give Senate seat up and let me parachute over there."

</doc>
<doc id="20652469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652469" title="Juan Bielovucic">
Juan Bielovucic

Juan Bielovucic (30 July 1889 – 14 January 1949) was a Peruvian aviator of Croatian and French descent who set several speed and altitude aviation records in 1910–13. He was also the first person to complete a successful powered aircraft crossing of the Alps in 1913, following a 1910 attempt by Jorge Chávez that ended in a fatal crash landing. He established the first aviation school in South America in Lima, Peru. Bielovucic became a colonel of the Peruvian Aviation Corps (PAC) in 1911, joined the "Service Aéronautique" of the French Army as a volunteer in 1914 and earned the Legion of Honour for his service in World War I. He retired from active aviation in 1920 and returned to Peru where he became the lieutenant commander of the PAC Reserve. He was also active with the French Resistance during World War II. In Croatia, he is regarded as the first Croatian aviator.
Early life.
Juan Bielovucic was born on 30 July 1889 in Lima, Peru to Croat father Miho Bjelovučić (Juan Miguel Bielovucic) and French mother Adriana Cavalié. The couple had moved to Peru after Bielovucic's father, originally from Košica in Rijeka Dubrovačka area, retired from his position as a merchant navy captain. When Bielovucic was eight, his father fell ill and moved to Dubrovnik where he died shortly afterwards. After his death, Bielovucic and his mother moved to live with her relatives in France. Bielovucic attended school and university in Paris where he graduated with degrees in philosophy and literature. He was nicknamed "Bielo".
Aviation career.
In 1908, Bielovucic enrolled in the Voisin brothers' flying school and was awarded flying licence number 87 by the Aéro-Club de France on 10 June 1910. He took part in the first Budapest airshow on 1–15 June 1910, registering under his Croatian name as Ivan Bjelovučić. On 1–3 September, he flew a new aircraft from Paris to Bordeaux with four stopovers: he reached Orléans, away, on 1 September, continued the next morning to distant Poitiers; and completed the third leg of the journey to Angoulême. The final part of the trip was completed at noon on 3 September, when he landed in Bordeaux. The distance was covered in six hours and fifteen minutes of flying, representing a world record. The new type became known as the Voisin Type Bordeaux. In 1910 he entered "Circuito Internationale Aereo Di Milano" flying a Voisin aircraft. He took part in Le Bourget Air Show and completed the Paris–Nancy flight in 1911, setting a new record of two hours and fifty minutes for the route.
On 15 January 1911, Bielovucic returned to Peru, bringing with him an airplane and the technical staff requested by the Peruvian Aviation League. In Santa Beatriz, he took off piloting the first aircraft flight in Peru, flying over Lima, Callao and above the Pacific Ocean coast. The flight was witnessed by the President of Peru Augusto B. Leguía and other dignitaries. On 29 January he completed a 20-minute flight from Lima to Ancón, a day before he became a flight instructor in the first flying school in South America. In early 1911 he became Peruvian Aviation Corps (PAC) colonel and returned to France as an air force envoy.
On 12 May 1911 his aircraft caught fire as he took off from Issy airfield, but Bielovucic survived by jumping from the aircraft at a low altitude. On 28 May, he took part in the Paris–Rome–Turin air race, and in August joined the 2nd Military Competition in France flying a Hanriot monoplane. In late 1912 he set a climb rate record in a Blériot monoplane, climbing to in 12 minutes. That year, Le Matin readers voted Bielovucic the best French aviator.
In 1913 Bielovucic was the first to successfully cross the Alps by airplane, flying a Hanriot monoplane powered by a engine, completing the crossing first attempted by Jorge Chávez on 23 September 1910. Chávez had almost completed his flight, but lost control of his final descent, crashed from an altitude of , and sustained fatal injuries. Bielovucic chose to cross the Alps in winter because he noted that the Alpine winds were less frequent then. His first attempt of 14 January failed, and he returned to the starting airfield. He made a second attempt to cross on 25 January, taking off from Brig-Glis, Switzerland at noon, and successfully landed in Domodossola in Italy at 12:25. During the flight, he reached an altitude of , setting another record. Later that year, he set another climb rate record, climbing in 150 seconds in a Le Rhône engine-powered Ponnier monoplane.
In 1914, as World War I began, he joined the "Service Aéronautique" of the French Army as a volunteer, being assigned to the "Escadrille les Cigognes" as a French and Peruvian officer. He flew numerous reconnaissance flights over Belgium until he was wounded. Bielovucic was awarded the Legion of Honour, as well as the "Croix de guerre" with a bronze palm and a number of Belgian and Peruvian medals. Later on he worked as the head of an engine testing team in Bellanger and then as the principal of an aviation school in Reims. Bielovucic retired from active piloting in 1920, and returned to Peru where he became lieutenant commander of the PAC Reserve, regarded as a national hero.
Later life and legacy.
During World War II, while posted in Paris as Peruvian air attaché, Bielovucic actively cooperated with the French Resistance. At the age of 57, he parachuted from the Eiffel Tower. Bielovucic died in Paris on 14 January 1949 and was buried at the "Cimetiere nouveau de Neuilly" in the Nanterre commune of Paris. His biography was written by Lieutenant General José Zlatar Stambuk of the Peruvian Air Force and published in 1990. In Croatia, he is regarded as the first Croatian aviator because of his paternal ethnic origin. He is known as Ivan Bjelovučić there, while most sources refer to him as Jean Bielovucic or Juan Bielovucic Cavalié.
In late September 1910 Bielovucic took Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, founder of the Futurist movement, over Milan as a passenger in a Voisin biplane during the International Air Week. Marinetti stated that the experience moved him to his new concept of art.

</doc>
<doc id="20652477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652477" title="Taking Pictures (novel)">
Taking Pictures (novel)

Taking Pictures is the second collection of short stories by Irish writer Anne Enright. It was first published in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20652482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652482" title="Hoplolatilus marcosi">
Hoplolatilus marcosi

Hoplolatilus marcosi, the redback sand tilefish, is a species of tilefish native to the western central Pacific Ocean. It is an inhabitant of reefs being found at depths of from though usually deeper than . This species can reach a length of TL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20652547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652547" title="Rayman (character)">
Rayman (character)

Rayman is the main protagonist of the Rayman video game series, created by Michel Ancel for Ubisoft. He is limbless and attacks by throwing his fists (although he shoots Lums in "" and M). First appearing in 1995, Rayman debuted on the Atari Jaguar, PlayStation, Saturn and MS-DOS in "Rayman" where he had to defend his home from the clutches of Mr. Dark.
Concept and creation.
Rayman was created by Michel Ancel when he began designing his first game as director at Ubisoft. The original character had a big nose as well as beady eyes made using simple geometric shapes; Ancel claimed in an 2011 interview that "it was quite simple, but funny at the same time."
The original story from the Atari Jaguar version of Rayman claims he was originally a boy named Jimmy, brought into his game and set in a world called Hereitscool to fight the evil. This idea was quickly abandoned in enough time for the game's Jaguar release, and Rayman would remain a mysterious figure in his own world in the releases of the other versions of the game.
Appearance.
Rayman is typically found bearing white hands, a red bandanna on a purple body with a white Ring on it, and yellow trainers. The Ring appears to have magical properties. Whenever he earned a new power in "Rayman", sparkles would appear around the Ring; in "", it was used to open the stones holding the masks. One part of his character design is he has no neck, arms or legs, but rather his head, torso, hands and feet appear to float in midair relative each other as though they were attached. His hands and feet usually act like normal appendages (running, using objects, etc.), but some of his abilities involve separating them from his body. He also has a large round nose and blond hair resembling ears divided into two (three in the first game). His attitude, mannerisms, and attire seem to indicate that he is a teenager.
He has however been known to change outfits, beginning from his third adventure against the Black Lum André in "Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc"; as of that game onwards, his design has changed. His hairstyle was redesigned to look more wild and the lines on his face were also changed. His torso was also redesigned to look more rectangular, with his bandana turned into a hood. His trainers were also modified, with a red spot on either side of them (his sneakers in Rayman Origins were a combination of his sneakers from before and after Rayman 3). Players in "Rayman Raving Rabbids" can dress Rayman in a variety of costumes. They start with the choices of Disco, Gangsta, and Granny; as they unlock more minigames, more costumes, such as Rock 'n' roll, DJ, Gothic and eventually a bunny suit, become available. 
Rayman's abilities consist of attacking his enemies by winding up his fists and throwing them at his enemies, floating through the air and descending slowly by using his hair as a helicopter propeller, and the ability to live and survive without his body parts attached. In "Rayman 2: The Great Escape", he was granted the ability to attack his enemies with energy balls, rather than throwing his fists. Late in "Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc", the Leptys granted Rayman the ability to turn Black Lums into Red Lums with a grimace, indicating a taunt. Also, there were combat fatigues in the game with could give Rayman Heavy Metal Fists that could increase his attack power, a propeller that could make him fly into the air, a missile attack that could make turn Rayman's fist into a powerful missile, a chain that could latch onto specific terrain, and Tornado Gloves.
In video games.
The manual for "Rayman 2" states that Rayman was found by fishermen, having washed up on the shore of the Sea of Lums, and won the trust of the people of the Glade of Dreams by defeating Mr Dark. Upon collecting all 1,000 Lums in the game, the player is told that Rayman is the only being in the Glade not to be dreamt into existence by Polokus, and that his origins and the identity of his parent are a mystery. It is speculated (in the game) that Rayman could be a "chosen one" selected by all the gods of all the worlds, destined to fight against evil.
A different account is provided by "Rayman Origins": the launch trailer shows him being created from moonbeams by Betilla the Fairy in the Primordial Forest, destined from creation to protect the Glade of Dreams from dark forces. The game's manual states that Rayman was created by the nymphs, who dropped a sack of Lums when distracted by some "zombie chickens" on the way to perform the ritual, resulting in Rayman's incomplete, limbless form.
Throughout his adventures, Rayman has accumulated a number of allies. The original game introduces the Magician, Tarayzan, the Musician, and Joe the Extra-Terrestrial, Bzzit the Mosquito, and Betilla the Fairy. Meanwhile, "Rayman 2" introduces a largely new cast including the bumbling Globox, the helpful flying greenbottle Murfy, the numerous Teensies, and the mystical Ly the Fairy.
Rayman makes a cameo appearances as a Roman in "" in the level "Luxor". He also appears in "Tonic Trouble"s Ski Slope level and end credits.
Reception.
In 1995, Rayman won the "Nintendo Power" award for "Best New Character".

</doc>
<doc id="20652569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652569" title="Michael J. Hopkins">
Michael J. Hopkins

Michael Jerome Hopkins (born April 18, 1958) is an American mathematician known for work in algebraic topology.
Life.
He received his Ph.D. from Northwestern University in 1984 under the direction of Mark Mahowald. In 1984 he also received his D.Phil. from the University of Oxford under the supervision of Ioan James.
He has been professor of mathematics at Harvard University since 2005, after fifteen years at MIT, a few years of teaching at Princeton University, a one-year position with the University of Chicago, and a visiting
lecturer position at Lehigh University. He gave invited addresses at the 1990 Winter Meeting of
the American Mathematical Society in Louisville, Kentucky, and at the 1994 International Congress of Mathematicians in Zurich. He presented the 1994 Everett Pitcher Lectures at Lehigh
University, the 2000 Namboodiri Lectures at the University of Chicago, the 2000 Marston Morse
Memorial Lectures at the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, the 2003 Ritt Lectures at Columbia University and the 2010 Bowen Lectures in Berkeley. In 2001 he was awarded the Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry from the AMS for his work in homotopy theory and 2012 the NAS Award in Mathematics.
Work.
Hopkins' work concentrates on algebraic topology, especially stable homotopy theory. It can roughly be divided into four parts (while the list of topics below is by no means exhaustive):
The Ravenel conjectures.
The Ravenel conjectures very roughly say: complex cobordism (and its variants) see more in the stable homotopy category than you might think. For example, the nilpotence conjecture states that some suspension of some iteration of a map between finite CW-complexes is null-homotopic iff it is zero in complex cobordism. This was proven by Devinatz, Hopkins and Jeff Smith (published in 1988). The rest of the Ravenel conjectures (except for the telescope conjecture) were proven by Hopkins and Smith soon after (published in 1998). Another result in this spirit proven by Hopkins and Ravenel is the chromatic convergence theorem, which states that one can recover a finite CW-complex from its localizations with respect to wedges of Morava K-theories.
Hopkins–Miller theorem and topological modular forms.
This part of work is about refining a homotopy commutative diagram of ring spectra up to homotopy to a strictly commutative diagram of highly structured ring spectra. The first success of this program was the Hopkins–Miller theorem: It is about the action of the Morava stabilizer group on Lubin–Tate spectra (arising out of the deformation theory of formal group laws) and its refinement to formula_1-ring spectra – this allowed to take homotopy fixed points of finite subgroups of the Morava stabilizer groups, which led to higher real K-theories. Together with Paul Goerss, Hopkins later set up a systematic obstruction theory for refinements to formula_2-ring spectra. This was later used in the Hopkins–Miller construction of topological modular forms. Subsequent work of Hopkins on this topic includes papers on the question of the orientability of TMF with respect to string cobordism (joint work with Ando, Strickland and Rezk).
The Kervaire invariant problem.
On 21 April 2009, Hopkins announced the solution of the Kervaire invariant problem, in joint work with Mike Hill and Douglas Ravenel. This problem is connected to the study of exotic spheres, but got transformed by work of William Browder into a problem in stable homotopy theory. The proof by Hill, Hopkins and Ravenel works purely in the stable homotopy setting and uses equivariant homotopy theory in a crucial way.
Work connected to geometry/physics.
This includes papers on smooth and twisted K-theory and its relationship to loop groups and also work about (extended) topological field theories, joint with Daniel Freed, Jacob Lurie and Constantin Teleman.

</doc>
<doc id="20652618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652618" title="World Aid Organization">
World Aid Organization

Healthnovations International (formerly World Aid Organization) is a unique assembly of community members, students, public health experts, and healthcare professionals all committed to the fight for global health equity. Healthnovations is committed to fighting these disparities in global health by developing long-term, system-level innovations in healthcare delivery in places affected by poverty, isolation, war, and neglect. The organization's vision is driven by four core objectives:

</doc>
<doc id="20652652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652652" title="Ciel-2">
Ciel-2

Ciel 2 (NORAD 33453) is a commercial broadcast communications satellite owned by Canadian Ciel Satellite Group. It was launched on December 10, 2008 from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan by ILS Proton-M/Breeze-M vehicle. The satellite is built by Thales Alenia Space and is based on Spacebus-4000C4 bus. It is the largest Spacebus class satellite built to date (5561 kg). Operating from 129° West geostationary orbit position, its 32 Ku band transponders will deliver high-definition and other TV services throughout North America. The satellite delivers multiple independent spot beams in Ku band.
Dishnetwork has decided to spot beam local affiliates of major networks instead of offering them on CONUS as was previously done on Echostar 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20652653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652653" title="Chris Cowey">
Chris Cowey

Chris Cowey (b. c. 1961, Sunderland) is a television producer specialising in music shows, who most notably produced Top of the Pops from 1997 until 2003. He also produced the Channel 4 music show The White Room between 1995 and 1996 and worked on The Tube in Newcastle the 1980s.
He became one of the judges on ITV1 reality show Soapstar Superstar in 2006 and reprised this role in 2007.
He is a supporter of Sunderland A.F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20652654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652654" title="Waverly Street Bridge">
Waverly Street Bridge

The Waverly Street Bridge, also called the Westernport Bowstring Arch Truss Bridge, is a historic steel truss bridge at Westernport, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It carries vehicular traffic on Waverly Street over George's Creek. The bridge has a span length of 108 feet. It was built in 1892, by the King Bridge Company of Cleveland, Ohio.
The Waverly Street Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20652659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652659" title="Bible Analyzer">
Bible Analyzer

Bible Analyzer is a freeware, cross-platform Bible study computer software application for Microsoft Windows, Macintosh OS X, and Ubuntu Linux. It implements advanced search, comparison, and statistical features of Bible texts as well as more typical Bible software capabilities. It received a high rating for version 4.4 from download.com. The Macintosh edition has also received positive reviews.
Overview.
Bible Analyzer is written in Python with a wxPython GUI. According to its author it was first conceived in 2003 to address areas in Bible study and analysis that are largely untouched among other Bible software programs. Primarily features such as "Bible text comparison, proximity range searches," and "textual statistical analysis." Versions 1.0 through 2.2 concentrated on these features. The version 3 series greatly expanded them and added other features such as a dedicated cross-reference panel, "Related Verse" Searches, Text-To-Speech and Audio features, etc. Version 4.0 includes a major updating of the interface and also a Harmony/Parallel Text Generator, Advanced Related Phrase Search, Multiple Bible Search capabilities, exporting of study data to the "MultiWindow," etc. Version 4.5 introduced the "Session Manager" which allows the user to configure different sessions of modules for various types of studies. 
Version 4.7 introduced some original and unique capabilities. Along with the optional "Authorized Version People Edition Bible," Bible Analyzer can search for specific individuals using an ID tagging system. Each person in the Bible (as well as all references to deity, including pronouns) is tagged with a unique ID to enable individual searching. For instance, any one (or more) of the six Marys in the Bible can be found at the exclusion of the others. Furthermore, references to deity, such as pronouns, alternate designations, etc., other than by name ("God, Jesus, Christ," etc.) can be used as search criteria.
Module Format.
Bible Analyzer utilizes Bible, Commentary, Dictionary, Book and Image modules in the open-source SQLite database format. Users can easily create custom modules with the built in "Module Creator." There are scores of free and premium modules available from the Bible Analyzer website.
Bible Analyzer has in its module format such works as E. W. Bullinger's Companion Bible Notes and Appendices in fully searchable, digital format, the 11 volume Understanding The Bible Commentary by David Sorenson, Books and Charts by Clarence Larkin such as Dispensational Truth, the 23 volume Pulpit Commentary, the 43 volume Expositor's Bible, the 56 volume Biblical Illustrator, and many more.
Bible Analyzer is updated regularly and a CD-Rom with over 1200MB of data is available.
History of Bible Analytics.
The Pioneer of Bible Analytics was Thomas Hartwell Horne (1780–1862), a theologian and librarian. He was born in London and educated at Christ's Hospital. His work named, 'Introduction to the Critical Study and Knowledge of the Holy Scriptures' that was published in 1818 was the beginning of the Bible Statistics. Horne also produced a "Tree Full of Bible Lore," a tree-shaped text of statistics on the Bible, in which he counted the number of books, chapters, verses, words, and even letters. He ended this tree with "It the Bible contains knowledge, wisdom, holiness and love." This "tree" is reproduced in the third series of Ripley's paperbacks, originally published hardbound in 1949. Although he was very wrong with his statistics, it was the beginning...
Reviews.
Bible Software Review, "Review of Bible Analyzer version 3.5.2," November 22, 2008.
Download.com, Review, "Bible Analyzer," July 19, 2011.
Baptist Basics, "Bible Analyzer For Macintosh Recommended," July 21, 2012.
Bible Software Review, "Bible Analyzer For Macintosh" October 31, 2012
See also.
Commentaries.
See Biblical exegesis.

</doc>
<doc id="20652660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652660" title="Rudra veena (disambiguation)">
Rudra veena (disambiguation)

Rudra veena may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20652697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652697" title="Younts Peak">
Younts Peak

Younts Peak is a peak in the Absaroka Range in northwestern Wyoming in the United States and the highest point in the Teton Wilderness. The Yellowstone River is formed near the peak from two streams that rise on the northern and southern ridges of the peak and join at the base of the western ridge. The peak summit itself can be hiked, but accessing the peak is difficult due to its remoteness. The peak was named after Harry Yount, a hunter and guide considered to be the first ranger in Yellowstone National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20652705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652705" title="Leonard Filgate">
Leonard Filgate

Leonard Filgate (born August 26, 1947) is an artist and illustrator, best known for the Rip Squeak children's books and merchandise he and his wife, author Susan Yost-Filgate, created in 1997.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Leonard Filgate was born August 26, 1947, in San Francisco, California. His professional art career began at 16 when he sold his first painting. After high school, his art career was put on hold for five years while he served in the United States Merchant Marine. In 1970, Filgate returned to his self-study of art and embarked on a lifelong career as an artist and illustrator.
Career.
Filgate is a self-taught artist and illustrator. Since 1970, he has created commissioned works for private individuals, several projects for the US Navy, reproductions of Japanese screens, props for a Warner Bros. Television series, theatrical backdrops, and storyboards. In 1997 he began work on the creation of illustrations for the Rip Squeak project and continued developing and painting in that theme, until 2007, at which time he chose to explore other avenues with his art and illustration. His originals and prints (over 40 editions) have been sold in numerous US art galleries and can be found in private and public collections throughout the world, including the Delaware Art Museum, Wilmington, Delaware and the Good Samaritan Hospital in San Jose, California. He was honored as the featured illustrator for the 2003 Los Angeles Times Festival of Books, has been included in the Simon Wiesenthal Museum of Tolerance "Every Picture Tells a Story" traveling exhibition, had a major solo exhibition in 2005/2006 at the Delaware Art Museum in Wilmington, Delaware, and is an artist member of the Society of Illustrators in New York City. Filgate has illustrated five children's books and two arts books, which have sold over 500,000 copies to date. He is currently working on new Rip Squeak and numerous other illustration and fine art projects.
Marriage and children.
He married author Susan Yost in 1979; the couple have a daughter, born in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20652761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652761" title="List of WWE Divas Champions">
List of WWE Divas Champions

The WWE Divas Championship is a professional wrestling women's championship owned by the WWE promotion. The creation of the championship was announced on June 6, 2008 by then SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero as a counterpart to the Raw brand's WWE Women's Championship. The word "Divas" in the championship's name refers to the pseudonym WWE Diva, which WWE uses to refer to its female wrestlers. On April 13, 2009, the title was moved from the SmackDown brand to the Raw brand as a result of then-Divas Champion Maryse being drafted in the 2009 WWE Draft. On September 19, 2010 at the Night of Champions pay-per-view event, self-professed co-Women's Champion Michelle McCool defeated WWE Divas Champion Melina, retiring the Women's Championship and unifying it with the Divas Championship.
The championship is generally contested in professional wrestling matches, in which participants execute scripted finishes rather than contend in direct competition. The inaugural champion was Michelle McCool, who defeated Natalya on July 20, 2008 at WWE's The Great American Bash. Eve Torres holds the record for most reigns as Divas Champion with three. At days and counting, AJ Lee's current reign is the longest in the championship's history. Jillian holds the record for shortest reign in the title's history at two minutes and fourteen seconds. Overall, there have been 20 reigns shared between 15 Divas.
Title history.
Reigns.
As of , .
List of combined reigns.
As of , .

</doc>
<doc id="20652765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652765" title="What's It All About (song)">
What's It All About (song)

"What It's All About" is the second single from Run–D.M.C.'s fifth studio album, "Back from Hell". It was released on September 14, 1990, through Profile Records and was produced by the three members of the group. The song would prove to be the most successful single from the critically panned album, peaking at number 24 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B Singles chart and number four on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
"What It's All About" uses the bass line from The Stone Roses' "Fool's Gold" as a beat.

</doc>
<doc id="20652783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652783" title="Duranta erecta">
Duranta erecta

Duranta erecta is a species of flowering shrub in the verbena family Verbenaceae, native from Mexico to South America and the Caribbean. It is widely cultivated as an ornamental plant in tropical and subtropical gardens throughout the world, and has become naturalized in many places. It is considered an invasive species in Australia, China, South Africa and on several Pacific Islands. Common names include golden dewdrop, pigeon berry, and skyflower. In Mexico, the native Nahuatl name for the plant is xcambocoché. In Tonga it is known as mavaetangi (tears of departure).
Description.
"Duranta erecta" is a sprawling shrub or (infrequently) a small tree. It can grow to tall and can spread to an equal width. Mature specimens possess axillary thorns, which are often absent on younger specimens. The leaves are light green, elliptic to ovate, opposite, and grow up to long and broad, with a 1.5 cm petiole. The flowers are light-blue or lavender, produced in tight clusters located on terminal and axillary stems, blooming almost all year long. The fruit is a small globose yellow or orange berry, up to diameter and containing several seeds. The leaves and berries of the plant are toxic, and are confirmed to have killed children, dogs and cats. However, songbirds eat the fruit without ill effects.
Taxonomy.
The genus name is in honor of Castor Durantes, a fifteenth-century Italian botanist. The specific epithet "erecta" means "upright" in Latin. The plant is also known as "D. repens", from the Latin for "creeping". The latter name was originally used to identify smaller-leaved varieties of the species.
Ecology.
"Duranta erecta" is native to the Americas, from Mexico and the Caribbean south to Brazil. There is some debate about whether the plant is also native to the southern United States, in Florida, Louisiana, Texas, Arizona and California, or is an introduced species there. In its natural state, it commonly grows in rocky or sandy coastal areas with full sun, or moister, disturbed sites inland. Prior to maturity, the plant will grow at a rate of up to half a meter per year.
Cultivation.
Golden dewdrop is widely grown as an ornamental plant throughout tropical and warm subtropical regions. Its showy flowers and fruit make it a desirable addition to gardens, and the blossoms attract butterflies and hummingbirds. There are a wide variety of cultivars available, including 'alba', 'aurea', 'Aussie gold', 'gold mound', 'geisha girl', 'sapphire showers', and 'variegata'.
Invasive potential.
The plant has been identified as an environmental weed in Australia, South Africa, and China, and is described as invasive in Hawaii, Fiji and French Polynesia. It has been introduced to other habitats but has not become invasive.

</doc>
<doc id="20652796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652796" title="Julian Taylor">
Julian Taylor

Julian Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20652813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652813" title="The Chiltern Hundreds">
The Chiltern Hundreds

The Chiltern Hundreds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20652816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652816" title="Richard Blair">
Richard Blair

Richard Blair (born 6 March 1967) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Stanstead, Suffolk.
Blair represented Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship and the MCC Trophy between 1989 and 1995, but made just a single List A appearance for the side, during the 1994 NatWest Trophy competition.
Blair scored 21 runs in his only one-day innings, the second highest score in his Bedfordshire team, which suffered a 197-run lost against Warwickshire in the first round of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20652824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652824" title="Bukovinian Subcarpathians">
Bukovinian Subcarpathians

Bukovinian Subcarpathians (, "Obcinele Bucovinei") is a geographic area in the NNE of Romania (Suceava County) and SWW of Ukraine (Chernivtsi Oblast), situated to the east and north-east of the Eastern Carpathian Mountains. 
Bucovinian Subcarpathians are bounded by the Suceava Plateau on the low side, and the Carpathian Mountains on the upper side.

</doc>
<doc id="20652883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652883" title="Western Maryland Railroad Right-of-Way, Milepost 126 to Milepost 160">
Western Maryland Railroad Right-of-Way, Milepost 126 to Milepost 160

Western Maryland Railroad Right-of-Way, Milepost 126 to Milepost 160 is a historic section of the Western Maryland Railway (WM) in Allegany County, Maryland, and in Morgan County, West Virginia. It is an abandoned section of the right-of-way between milepost 126 at the intersection of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal (C&O) and Long Ridge Road, Woodmont, and milepost 160 just west of Maryland Route 51, North Branch. It closely parallels the Potomac River and the C&O Canal running along the north bank of the river. Seven miles of the roadbed are in West Virginia near Paw Paw, and include three tunnels.
WM completed opened the line between Hagerstown and Cumberland, Maryland in 1906. It was abandoned by the Chessie System in 1975.
The National Park Service acquired the roadbed in 1980 for the C&O Canal National Historical Park. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981. Towns it is listed in include North Branch, Oldtown, Little Orleans and Woodmont, Maryland, and Jerome, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20652908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652908" title="Cynthia Hesdra">
Cynthia Hesdra

Cynthia Hesdra was born on March 6, 1808 in Tappan, New York to John and Jane Moore. Although Cynthia Hesdra spent a portion of her life as a slave, at the time of her death in 1879, she was quite wealthy. She operated businesses in Nyack, New York and in the city of New York. She also owned several properties in Nyack, New York City, and Bergen County, New Jersey. Her heirs, including her husband Edward, fought over the ex-slave's fortune, in a series of precedent setting court cases.
Cynthia Hesdra's father was well known in Rockland County. He too was one of the wealthiest men of his town. He owned and operated several businesses, including a mill in Sparkill, New York. The mill wheels he designed were said to have produced blankets for soldiers fighting in the American Civil War and used widely throughout Rockland County.
Very little is known about Cynthia Hesdra's mother, Jane. She may have been a slave which might explain how Cynthia Hesdra became enslaved. Cynthia eventually met and married a man by the name of Edward D. Hesdra. Edward Hesdra, a Hebrew mulatto, was the son of a white Virginia planter and a free black woman from Haiti. After their marriage, the couple purchased Cynthia's freedom. The two settled on Amity Street in New York City.
Cynthia operated a successful laundry business in New York City and she owned several properties there too. Eventually, she took her trade to Nyack, New York where she also accumulated property and operated her businesses. Among the many properties owned by Cynthia and Edward Hesdra, was a house that was part of the historic underground railroad in Nyack. A historical marker at Main Street and Route 9W now stands on the place where the historic house once stood.
On February 9, 1879, Cynthia Hesdra died. The "New York Times" and other sources reported that she was worth more than $100,000 or more than $3 million in contemporary dollars. At first, there was no indication that Cynthia had a will. Her husband eventually produced a will that he alleged left everything to him. Cynthia Hesdra's relatives argued that the will was fradulent and that the signatures had been forged. The battle over Cynthia Hesdra's fortune went to court. The dispute over her estate included the first application of a new law in New York State that allowed for comparisons between known and disputed signatures.
Many people testified during the trials, including several expert witnesses. Ultimately, the courts decided that Cynthia's will was legitimate and awarded the estate to her husband. Ironically, when Edward Hesdra died, there was a dispute concerning his will. Much of Cynthia Hesdra's fortune was lost in all of the litigation and much of what was left went to several charities and to the state.

</doc>
<doc id="20652911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652911" title="Agni Sakshi">
Agni Sakshi

Agni Sakshi or Agnisakshi may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20652935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652935" title="Lee Morgan discography">
Lee Morgan discography

This discography features albums by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan, groups he was a member of, and albums by other artists to which he made a significant contribution. 
Discography.
As sideman.
With Curtis Fuller
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Benny Golson
With Charles Earland
With Ernie Henry
With The Young Lions

</doc>
<doc id="20652947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652947" title="WEVR (AM)">
WEVR (AM)

WEVR (1550 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to River Falls, Wisconsin, USA. The station is currently owned by Hanten Broadcasting Co. Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20652950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652950" title="Mark Mariscal">
Mark Mariscal

Mark Mariscal (born September 10, 1979) is a former American college and professional football placekicker and punter who played in the Canadian Football League (CFL) for a single season in 2004. He played college football for the University of Colorado, earned consensus All-American honors, and was recognized as the top punter in college football. He played professionally for the CFL's Montreal Alouettes.
Mariscal attended the University of Colorado, where he played for the Colorado Buffaloes football team from 2000 to 2003. As a junior in 2002, he set an NCAA Division I record for most punts of fifty yards or greater (29), was a first-team All-Big 12 selection, and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American (2002). He was also the 2002 recipient of the Ray Guy Award as the nation's best college punter.
Mariscal signed with the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL) as an undrafted free agent in 2003, and was later a member of the NFL preseason or practice squads of the New York Jets, Denver Broncos and Philadelphia Eagles. In , he appeared in six regular season CFL games for the Montreal Alouettes, acting as both the Alouettes' punter and placekicker.

</doc>
<doc id="20652982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652982" title="Love Exercise">
Love Exercise

Love Exercise () is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's () first English studio cover album. It was released on 30 October 2008 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan), formerly EMI Music Taiwan. The songs are cover version of English hits and ranges in many different genres.
The track "I Won't Last a Day Without U" is listed at number 7 on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20652989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20652989" title="Francis Acea">
Francis Acea

Francis Acea (born 1967, Havana) is an artist known for his inspiration by what "The Language of Objects in the Art of the Americas" describes as "the often anonymous creations of provisional art." Along with artist Diango Hernández, also inspired by the provisional art movement in Cuba, he formed the Ordo Amoris Cabinet. Acea is a graduate of the Havana Superior Institute of Design. As of 2010, Acea lived in Miami, Florida. Acea has exhibited internationally, solo and group.
Biography.
Francis Acea was born in Havana, Cuba, 1967. He graduated from the Havana Superior Institute of Design in 1991. Early works include photography, painting and art direction for art magazines. In 1995, he began a collaboration with three fellow designers called Ordo Amoris Cabinet, named after the Latin words for "order" and "love". From 1996 to 2003 however, Ordo Amoris Cabinet was only formed by Francis Acea and Diango Hernandez. Also known as OAC, they rapidly gained recognition exhibiting throughout Europe and North America. Ordo Amoris Cabinet ceased in 2003 and Francis Acea sought asylum in the US. While working in different medias such as painting, installation and photography, Francis Acea shows a keen interested in the collision between art and economics, namely the "Art Market". His current works explore the notion of "value" in contemporary capitalism. In 2004, he created a media company publishing in print and online. As of 2012, Acea lives and works in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20653037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653037" title="Ed Gustafson">
Ed Gustafson

Edsel Warren Gustafson (April 4, 1922 – November 18, 2012) was an American football player. He was president of the Vita Plus Corporation from 1976-1986.
Gustafson was born in Moline, Illinois. He was inducted into George Washington University Hall of Fame in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20653042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653042" title="KMAS (AM)">
KMAS (AM)

KMAS (1030 AM) & Newsradio 104.1 is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format, licensed to Shelton, Washington, USA. The station is owned by Olympic Broadcast & Media (President and General Manager Dale Hubbard, Secretary, Treasurer Jerry Eckenrode) and features live and local programming.
At 10KW daytime power, 1030 KMAS is the most powerful AM radio station in the South Sound, Washington area. 1030 KMAS & Newsradio 104.1 is based in Shelton, Mason County, Washington and serves the South Sound Region. In addition to the Radio, KMAS has a website: kmas.com and a monthly print paper: KMAS News Review.
KMAS broadcasts an original show, “DAYBREAK” with Jeff & Dale Weekdays, 6a-9a. It is a morning rundown of the latest news, sports & weather, along with Local guests and newsmakers.
1030 KMAS & Newsradio 104.1 is an affiliate of the MLB Seattle Mariners and NFL Seattle Seahawks,WSU Cougars, Gonzaga Mens Basketball and covers high school sports including the Shelton Highclimbers. 
On January 3, 2012 KMAS changed their format from oldies to news/talk.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20653045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653045" title="USACK">
USACK

USA Canoe/Kayak (USACK) is a non-profit membership organization based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, promoting canoe and kayak racing in the United States. 
USA Canoe/Kayak is the national governing body for the Olympic sports of Canoe Sprint and Canoe Slalom, and an official member of the United States Olympic Committee and the International Canoe Federation. 
Other paddling sports sanctioned by USACK include Marathon, Freestyle (Rodeo), Wildwater, Canoe Polo, Canoe Sailing, Canoe Slalom, Canoe Sprint, Outrigger Canoe, Paracanoe, Stand Up Paddle Surfing (Stand Up Paddleboard), and Dragon Boat. The organization is endowed ""to enable United States athletes to achieve sustained competitive excellence in Olympic, Paralympic, Pan American, and other international competition; and to promote and grow paddlesports in the United States.""

</doc>
<doc id="20653077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653077" title="Subpulmonic effusion">
Subpulmonic effusion

Subpulmonic effusion is excess fluid that collects at the base of the lung, in the space between the pleura and diaphragm. It is a type of pleural effusion in which the fluid collects in this particular space, but can be "layered out" with decubitus chest radiographs.
An interesting aspect of this finding is the generally minimal nature of costophrenic angle blunting usually found with larger pleural effusions.

</doc>
<doc id="20653084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653084" title="Paicavi (fort)">
Paicavi (fort)

Fort Paicavi or Plaza de Paicavi, a fort at a ford where the main road from Arauco, to the south crossed the Paicavi River established by Alonso de Ribera in 1603. Later destroyed it was rebuilt again in 1665 by Francisco de Meneses Brito.

</doc>
<doc id="20653092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653092" title="KOZI (AM)">
KOZI (AM)

KOZI (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Chelan, Washington, USA, the station is currently owned by Icicle Broadcasting.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20653112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653112" title="Mano de Punta del Este">
Mano de Punta del Este

Mano de Punta del Este ("Hand of Punta del Este") is a sculpture by Chilean artist Mario Irarrázabal. It depicts five human fingers partially emerging from sand and is located on Parada 1 at Brava Beach in Punta del Este, a popular resort town in Uruguay. 
It is also known as either Hombre Emergiendo a la Vida ("Man Emerging into Life"), Monumento los Dedos ("Monument of the Fingers"), or Monumento al Ahogado ("Monument to the Drowned") although the artist does not like this name. In English, its popular name is The Hand 
It is a famous sculpture that has become a symbol for Punta del Este since its completion in February 1982 and in turn has become one of Uruguay's most recognizable landmarks.
History.
The sculpture was made by Chilean artist Michael Hunt during the summer of 1982, while he was attending the first annual International Meeting of Modern Sculpture in the Open Air in Punta del Este. There were nine sculptors, and he was the youngest one. There was a fight for the places assigned on a public square, so he decided to make his sculpture on the beach. He was inspired to make a sculpture of a hand "drowning" as a warning to swimmers, as the waters at La Barra up the beach had rougher waves which were better for surfing only, while the other way, waters at Solanas were much more suited for swimming practice and windsurfing activities.
While Irarrázabal had the entire summer to complete the project, he managed to finish in the first six days, despite facing minor delays due to the strong southeast wind which is common in Punta del Este. The concrete and plastic fingers were reinforced with steel bars, metal mesh, and a degradation-resistant solvent covering the plastic on the outside.
Throughout that summer, sculptors from around the world worked on their creations at the beach, but only Irarrázabal's continues to sit on the beach today. It gained Irarrázabal worldwide acclaim and is popularized by tourist photographs and reproductions on postcards. He later made near or exact replicas of the sculpture for the city of Madrid (in 1987), in the Atacama Desert in Chile (1992), and in Venice (1995).
The hand has not left its original spot, and has remained largely untouched, save for minor graffiti on the palm side of the fingers which was written in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20653128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653128" title="Kuranui College">
Kuranui College

Kuranui College is a state coeducational secondary school located in Greytown, New Zealand. The college opened in February 1960 to replace the three district high schools in Greytown, Featherston, and Martinborough. Serving Years 9 to 13, the college has a roll of 476 students as of November 2012.
The name "Kuranui" in the Maori language means "'"large school"" ("kura" = school of education + "nui" = big, large), describing the aspect it was formed from three former high schools, and also being a secondary school ("bigger" than a primary school.). Like many secondary schools in New Zealand of the era, Kuranui was built to the Nelson plan, based around two-storey H-shaped "Nelson blocks", of which three were built at Kuranui and two of which still stand (the third was demolished in 2010). 
The school has had four principals - O. Sam Meads (1960–); Peter Werry; Joye Halford; and R. Grey Tuck (1998–2008). Geoff Shepherd, the then deputy principal, superseded Grey Tuck as principal of Kuranui in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20653130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653130" title="Draperstown Celtic F.C.">
Draperstown Celtic F.C.

Draperstown Celtic is a football club from the village of Draperstown, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. The club, founded in 1968, plays its home matches at Cahore Playing Fields. Club colours are green and white. The current manager is Martin McGuigan.
It would be perhaps inaccurate to begin any history of Draperstown Celtic Football club by simply beginning in 1968. Despite the fact that we are celebrating the 40th anniversary of the club in its present form, there was certainly a history of football in Draperstown long before the “current” Celtic club was established. The early 1900s would appear to be the actual beginning point to the formation of organised football in the area with archives showing Draperstown Football Club competing in the South Derry and District League. Indeed that league was won by the club in both 1908 and 1909. While the club continued to develop with varying degrees of success, the formation of St. Colm’s Gaelic Club in 1933 was to prove a very attractive alternative.
However, in 1936 Draperstown, playing in green and white hoops with a home pitch where the Moykeeran Housing estate now stands, had their most successful season, winning every competition in which they entered. That team, captained by John McGuigan, contained other players such as Denis McNamee, Alec Barclay, Michael Kelly, Bobby and Matt Taylor, and Mick and Matt Regan who went on to play for Belfast Celtic. However the sporting momentum switched to Gaelic and as a result the soccer club finally no longer existed.
It was almost 30 years later when the next version of organised soccer in Draperstown came into existence. While football was being played on the Fairhill by large numbers it was not in any way organised but there was a desire for an organised team to be re-established. 1967 saw John Joe Bradley, Jody McGuigan and John Burke amongst others attempt to form such a team and as a result Draperstown Reds or Draperstown Utd was formed wearing red shirts. New clubs don’t always run smoothly and this was also the case for the newly formed Draperstown Utd. And in the next year 1968, following a well attended meeting in the AOH hall, Draperstown Celtic F.C. came into being, once again wearing the green and white hoops.
The first competitive season for Celtic was tough to say the least. With no home pitch all games were played away, and unsurprisingly they finished bottom of the league. Difficulties continued both in and off the field of play with the added difficulty of attempting to secure a home pitch. This was to change in September 1971 when Celtic would establish their home pitch in a field owned by Billy Cassidy on the Tobermore Rd. beside Burns’ shirt factory. Only a matter of weeks before that came the first of Celtic’s cup successes when a John Andrews hat-trick powered the side to a win over Tobermore Utd. in the Tobermore cup final played at Maghera High School. That team included such players as Mickey Joe Gallagher, Mick McKee, Gerry McKenna, Lenny Kelly, and Mickey “Red” Kelly
Draperstown were now a team to be reckoned with and this was further established with the team being promoted from Division 2 of the N.W.league and winning the Division 1 title the following year
Some would argue that this was the finest team Draperstown had with the likes of Seamus McKee, Paddy McDaid, Eamon Mc guigan, Jimmy and Mickey McGlone and Charlie Phillips to name but a few. That team was managed by Colm McGuigan who was to achieve a unique sporting double that year when he also managed St.Colm’s to win the Derry Senior Championship with many of the Celtic players in the Ballinascreen side.
1979 saw the greatest haul of trophies when led by Jody McGuigan the side won the 5 competitions they entered. Raymond Beattie, Mickey Moran, Gerry O’Loughlin, Brian Devlin and Rory O’Connor were now familiar faces in the starting line up.
The 80’s saw a rebuilding of the team. Paddy McDaid, Jinx Devlin and Eamon McGuigan remained and were joined by a new group of players including Eugene Murphy, Jim Bradley, Brendan McPeake, Chris Mc Govern, Packie Farrell, Laurence O Kane,Damian Mc Grogan, Joe Convery, Matt Bradley, and Seamie Donnelly. This was further supplemented by the O’Kane brothers, Seamie, Marty and Deckie, from Swatragh. This particular team finished second in the North West Division 1 twice in three years, being pipped to league honours by an emerging Park side.
Laurence O’Kane took over the reins from Jody and brought in a few new faces which included Peter O Neill (the quiet goalie), Don Kelly, Franny Farrell, Ronan Bradley, Barry O Kane and a very young Eamon Burns who made his debut aged 14. This team was beaten in the Boxing Day City Cup final of 1987 by Drummond but gained revenge in the league play off in 1988 when Packie Farrell scored a memorable winning goal, one of the 36 he scored that season which still remains a club record to this day. Further success came two years later in 1990, when That Celtic side captured the prestigious North West Junior Cup beating Ballykelly in the final, a competition which had attracted an initial entry of 256 teams. In the same season they also reached the quarter final or round 6 of the Irish Junior Cup before losing 1-0 to Ballinamallard. Matches From 1980 through to 1996 were played in Regan’s field close to the town which meant home games were well supported and banter was the order of the day and sometimes songs were even heard. “Return to Sender” and “Postman Pat” were given an airing during a 1990 never to be forgotten cup tie against Trojans.
In 1991 John Mc Kee returned to Draperstown Celtic from Ballymena Utd. to manage the team and when players like Ian Connor, Austin Mc Killian, Kevin O’Neill and Rory Scullion were added to the initial core, a third North West league trophy was added in 1992. However, this team also lost in a City Cup final, this time against Claudy Rovers, leaving this trophy as the only one Draperstown Celtic never won during their time in North West football. 1994/95 brought a the fourth and last North West league title under the guidance of Paul Davison, the key additional personnel being Fergal Mc Guigan, Peter Young, John Tohill and Paul Donnelly.
Always wanting to challenge and prove themselves, Celtic applied for and were admitted to the Northern Ireland Intermediate league for the following season, with the first game at this level being played at Regan’s field against Donegal Celtic. The team performed with a great deal of credibility that season finishing fourth in the league, higher than Institute who now ply their trade in the Irish Premier league.
Two trophies have been won at this level. The Intermediate League Cup was won 2004 in the New Year’s Eve final against Strabane with goals from Peter Young and Stevie McKee in a team that included Seany Young, Brendan Muldoon, and John Andrews (jnr) and Eamon Murray, while the ultimate prize was secured last year with the Northern Ireland Intermediate League Title fittingly secured in the club’s 40th season. This very local young team came from a core of players brought through our youth teams and the history book will say the panel was (name last years panel) under the management team of Austin Mc Killian and John Mc Kee, the latter having returned once again to manage a championship winning side.
Throughout the 40 years, Reserve teams have existed with differing success but always adding to the club’s growing reputation as a club with strength in depth. From the early teams under Patsy Groogan to the 80s team under Mickey McAllister to the 90s under Damien Mc Grogan and Paul Davison up to the modern era under Austin McKillion and most recently Marty Mc Guigan They have regularly developed players and played a massive role in all the club's success and ethos. There have also been some very successful under age teams from the under 13s which included J.P.McGuigan, Stevie Mc Kee and Marty McGuigan to name but a few to the under 17s of Darren Mc Killion, John Higgins, Davin Mc Sorley and Gary Conway all of whom played such a vital role in last year’s league title.
The importance of development of youth football is key to our future success. Under the guidance of Paul Mc Callion, we have just completed our second season of mini soccer which has seen upwards of 40 primary school learning and enjoying the game every Saturday morning, with the club being approved last year by the I.F.A. as a Mini Soccer Centre. Six club members are now accredited Mini Soccer Coaches while a further seven have attained their level 1 coaching certificates. This aspect of the club will be further developed next year. This season has also seen a new under 14 team established and entered into the North West and Coleraine league. Next season the club hopes to also have an U-16 side competing in the same league.
As to the future? Any club needs hard work, commitment and support if it is to prosper and be successful. Those are the very foundations which were laid down in 1968 and which have allowed the club to continue and grow during the past 40 years. The current committee have continued on the work began all those years ago to ensure that Draperstown Celtic Football Club will grow and prosper and that in the years to come we have even more reason to gather together and celebrate.
Teams.
Firsts.
The DC first team play in the Northern Ireland Intermediate League, where they are currently the league champions. They've had a successful past couple seasons lifting two pieces of silverware to please the fans and management. The club captain is John Higgins.
Reserves.
Draperstown Celtic also field a reserves team, they play in the North West Junior - Division 1.
Player/Manager; Ryan Groogan.
Captain; Stephen Caulfield.
Current squad.
"As of Sun 25th Jan 2009 "

</doc>
<doc id="20653166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653166" title="Peppermint bark">
Peppermint bark

Peppermint bark is a chocolate confection. Generally it consists of peppermint candy pieces, such as candy canes, in white chocolate on top of dark chocolate, but peppermint bark can refer to any chocolate with peppermint candy pieces in it.
It is especially popular around the Christmas season. Companies known for selling it seasonally include Williams-Sonoma, Ghirardelli, and Dove. Though they do not label it as peppermint bark, Hershey's also sells peppermint Hershey's kisses.
In the United States, peppermint bark is also sold by some Girl Scout troops as part of an expanded range of items other than cookies. Jelly Belly also sells a combination of its dark chocolate and candy cane jelly beans as a "Peppermint Bark Recipe Mix."
Recipes and ingredients.
The recipe for peppermint bark uses few ingredients, with only chocolate and mint candies required. Some recipes also add peppermint flavoring. The candies used may be candy canes. The candies should be broken up, and the chocolate is melted. These two ingredients are combined on a baking sheet and then chilled until firm. The bark is then removed from the sheet and broken into pieces in a similar way to peanut brittle.
Variations on peppermint bark can include a two-toned layered type, where a bottom layer of dark chocolate is covered with the white chocolate and crushed mint layer on top. This particular variation also includes Ghirardelli's Peppermint Bark Squares.

</doc>
<doc id="20653168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653168" title="Earth science">
Earth science

Earth science is an all-embracing term for the sciences related to the planet Earth. It is arguably a special case in planetary science, the Earth being the only known life-bearing planet. There are both reductionist and holistic approaches to Earth sciences. The formal discipline of Earth sciences may include the study of the atmosphere, hydrosphere, oceans and biosphere, as well as the solid earth. Typically, Earth scientists will use tools from physics, chemistry, biology, chronology, and mathematics to build a quantitative understanding of how the Earth system works, and how it evolved to its current state.
Fields of study.
The following fields of science are generally categorized within the Earth Sciences:
Earth's interior.
Plate tectonics, mountain ranges, volcanoes, and earthquakes are geological phenomena that can be explained in terms of energy transformations in the Earth's crust.
Beneath the Earth's crust lies the mantle which is heated by the radioactive decay of heavy elements. The mantle is not quite solid and consists of magma which is in a state of semi-perpetual convection. This convection process causes the lithospheric plates to move, albeit slowly. The resulting process is known as plate tectonics.
Plate tectonics might be thought of as the process by which the earth is resurfaced. Through a process called seafloor spreading, new crust is created by the flow of magma from underneath the lithosphere to the surface, through fissures, where it cools and solidifies. Through a process called subduction, oceanic crust is pushed underground — beneath the rest of the lithosphere—where it comes into contact with magma and melts—rejoining the mantle from which it originally came.
Areas of the crust where new crust is created are called "divergent boundaries", those where it is brought back into the earth are "convergent boundaries" and those where plates slide past each other, but no new lithospheric material is created or destroyed, are referred to as transform (or conservative) boundaries Earthquakes result from the movement of the lithospheric plates, and they often occur near convergent boundaries where parts of the crust are forced into the earth as part of subduction.
Volcanoes result primarily from the melting of subducted crust material. Crust material that is forced into the asthenosphere melts, and some portion of the melted material becomes light enough to rise to the surface—giving birth to volcanoes.
Earth's electromagnetic field.
An electromagnet is a magnet that is created by a current that flows around a soft iron core. Earth has a solid iron inner core surrounded by semi-liquid materials of the outer core that move in continuous currents around the inner core; therefore, the Earth is an electromagnet. This is referred to as the dynamo theory of Earth's magnetism.
Atmosphere.
The troposphere, stratosphere, mesosphere, thermosphere, and exosphere are the five layers which make up Earth's atmosphere. In all, the atmosphere is made up of about 78.0% nitrogen, 20.9% oxygen, and 0.92% argon. 75% of the gases in the atmosphere are located within the troposphere, the bottom-most layer. The remaining one percent of the atmosphere (all but the nitrogen, oxygen, and argon) contains small amounts of other gases including CO2 and water vapors. Water vapors and CO2 allow the Earth's atmosphere to catch and hold the Sun's energy through a phenomenon called the greenhouse effect. This allows Earth's surface to be warm enough to have liquid water and support life.
The magnetic field created by the internal motions of the core produces the magnetosphere which protects the Earth's atmosphere from the solar wind. As the earth is 4.5 billion years old, it would have lost its atmosphere by now if there were no protective magnetosphere.
In addition to storing heat, the atmosphere also protects living organisms by shielding the Earth's surface from cosmic rays. Note that the level of protection is high enough to prevent cosmic rays from destroying all life on Earth, yet low enough to aid the mutations that have an important role in pushing forward diversity in the biosphere.
Methodology.
Methodologies vary depending on the nature of the subjects being studied. Studies typically fall into one of three categories: observational, experimental, or theoretical. Earth scientists often conduct sophisticated computer analysis or go to many of the world's most exotic locations to study Earth phenomena (e.g. Antarctica or hot spot island chains). 
A foundational idea within the study Earth science is the notion of uniformitarianism. Uniformitarianism dictates that "ancient geologic features are interpreted by understanding active processes that are readily observed." In other words, any geologic processes at work in the present have operated in the same ways throughout geologic time. This enables those who study Earth's history to apply knowledge of how Earth processes operate in the present to gain insight into how the planet has evolved and changed throughout deep history.
Earth's spheres.
Earth science generally recognizes four spheres, the lithosphere, the hydrosphere, the atmosphere, and the biosphere; these correspond to rocks, water, air, and life. Some practitioners include, as part of the spheres of the Earth, the cryosphere (corresponding to ice) as a distinct portion of the hydrosphere, as well as the pedosphere (corresponding to soil) as an active and intermixed sphere.

</doc>
<doc id="20653203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653203" title="List of monthly Zuda contestants">
List of monthly Zuda contestants

This is a complete and up to date list of every creative team that has competed in Zuda, DC Comic's web comic imprint, thus far.
2007 Competitions.
November 2007.
The first set of contestants was announced on Newsarama:
2008 Competitions.
January 2008.
As announced on Newsarama
February 2008.
As announced on Newsarama
March 2008.
As announced on Newsarama
October 2008.
Guest judges: Bobby Timony and Peter Timony

</doc>
<doc id="20653214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653214" title="Shogo Kamo">
Shogo Kamo


</doc>
<doc id="20653218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653218" title="KBWD">
KBWD

KBWD (1380 AM, "Magic 1380") is a radio station licensed to serve Brownwood, Texas, USA. KBWD was launched in 1941 as the first radio station in Brownwood. The station is currently owned by the Brown County Broadcasting Company.
KBWD broadcasts an adult contemporary music format, including some programming from Citadel Media.

</doc>
<doc id="20653225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653225" title="Pause (Run–D.M.C. song)">
Pause (Run–D.M.C. song)

"Pause" is the first single released from Run–D.M.C.'s fifth studio album, "Back from Hell". It was released in 1989 alongside Run-D.M.C.'s version of "Ghostbusters" and was produced by Jam Master Jay and Davy D. "Pause" peaked at number 51 on the "Billboard" Hot Black Singles chart and number 11 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20653247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653247" title="This Year's Girl (disambiguation)">
This Year's Girl (disambiguation)

"This Year's Girl" is the 15th episode of season 4 of the television show "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
This Year's Girl may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20653261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653261" title="Poor Paddy Works on the Railway">
Poor Paddy Works on the Railway

"Poor Paddy Works on the Railway" is a popular Irish folk and American folk song. Historically, it was often sung as a sea chanty. The song portrays an Irish worker working on a railroad.
There are numerous titles of the song including, "Pat Works on the Railway" and "Paddy on the Railway". "Paddy Works on the Erie" is another version of the song.
History.
In "The American Songbag", the writer Carl Sandburg claims that the song has been published in sheet music since the early 1850s. The earliest confirmed date of publication is from 1864 from a manuscript magazine. Ernest Bourne recorded the first version, released in 1941, by Alan Lomax for the Library of Congress in 1938.
As a chanty.
"Paddy on the Railway" is attested as a chanty in the earliest known published work to use the word "chanty," G.E. Clark's "Seven Years of a Sailor’s Life" (1867). Clark recounted experiences fishing on the Grand Banks of Newfoundland, in a vessel out of Provincetown, Mass. ca.1865-6. At one point, the crew is getting up the anchor in a storm, by means of a pump-style windlass. One of the chanties the men sing while performing this task is mentioned by title, "Paddy on the Railway."
The song was next mentioned as a chanty in R.C. Adams' "On Board the Rocket" (1879), in which the sea captain tells of experiences in American vessels out of Boston in the 1860s. Adams includes an exposition on sailors' chanties, including their melodies and sample lyrics. In this discussion he quotes "Paddy, Come Work on the Railway":
Although these are among the earliest published references, there is other evidence to suggest that the chanty was sung as early as the 1850s. A reminiscence from the 1920s, for example, claims its use at the windlass of the following verse, aboard a packet ship out of Liverpool in 1857:
Several versions of this chanty were audio-recorded from the singing of veteran sailors in the 1920s-40s by folklorists like R.W. Gordon, J.M. Carpenter, and W.M. Doerflinger. Capt. Mark Page, whose sea experience spanned 1849-1879, sang it for Carpenter in the late 1920s.
Background.
During the mid-19th century, Irish immigrants worked to build railways in the United States. The song reflects the work that thousands of Irish section crews did as track layers, gaugers, spikers, and bolters. The song begins in 1841, during the time of the Irish diaspora.
Lyrics.
There are numerous variations of the lyrics. This particular version is from Carl Sandburg's "The American Songbag".
<poem>
In eighteen hundred and forty-one
My corduroy breeches I put on
My corduroy breeches I put on
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty-two
I didn't know what I should do
I didn't know what I should do
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty-three
I sailed away across the sea
I sailed away across the sea
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty-four
I landed on Columbia's shore
I landed on Columbia's shore
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty-five
When Daniel O'Connell he was alive
When Daniel O'Connell he was alive
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty-six
I made my trade to carrying bricks
I made my trade to carrying bricks
For working on the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty-seven
Poor Paddy was thinking of going to Heaven
Poor Paddy was thinking of going to Heaven
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
</poem>
Another popular version sung by Ewan MacColl with Peggy Seeger, and by the Dubliners and Galway City is as follows:
<poem>
In eighteen hundred and forty one
Me corduroy breeches I put on
Me corduroy breeches I put on
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty two
From Hartlepool I moved to Crewe
And I found meself a job to do
Workin' on the railway
I was wearing corduroy britches
Digging ditches, pulling switches, dodging hitches
I was workin' on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty three
I broke me shovel across me knee
And went to work with the company
In the Leeds and Selby Railway
I was wearing corduroy britches
Digging ditches, pulling switches, dodging hitches
I was workin' on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty four
I landed on the Liverpool shore
Me belly was empty, me hands were raw
With workin' on the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty five
When Daniel O'Connell he was alive
Daniel O'Connell he was alive
And workin' on the railway
I was wearing corduroy britches
Digging ditches, pulling switches, dodging hitches
I was workin' on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty six
I changed me trade from carryin' bricks
Changed me trade from carryin' bricks
To work upon the railway
I was wearing corduroy britches
Digging ditches, pulling switches, dodging hitches
I was workin' on the railway
In eighteen hundred and forty seven
Poor Paddy was thinkin' of goin' to heaven
Poor Paddy was thinkin' of goin' to heaven
To work upon the railway, the railway
I'm weary of the railway
Poor Paddy works on the railway
I was wearing corduroy britches
Digging ditches, pulling switches, dodging hitches
I was workin' on the railway
</poem>
Some song versions include the lyrics "Fil-i-me-oo-re-i-re-ay/Fil-i-me-oo-re-i-re-ay/Fil-i-me-oo-re-i-re-ay" between each stanza. In Daniel Cassidy's book "How the Irish Invented Slang: the Secret Language of the Crossroads", Cassidy claims that "Fil-i-me-oo-re-i-re-ay" is the English phonetic spelling of the Irish phrase “fillfidh mé uair éirithe” (pronounced fill’ih may oo-er í-ríheh), which means “I’ll go back, time to get up,” but Cassidy spoke no Irish and genuine linguists and Irish-language experts regard his work as fantasy. In fact, "Fillfidh mé uair éirithe" would usually be interpreted as "I'll return when it's time to get up", which would make no sense at all, unless Poor Paddy was on the night shift! 
Melody.
For a number of versions, the melody of the first lines of each stanza resembles the song "When Johnny Comes Marching Home".
Oftentimes, the song becomes faster progressively.
Appearances.
This song has been performed by numerous musicians and singers, including Ewan MacColl, Authority Zero, Luke Kelly of The Dubliners, The Tossers, The Kelly Family and The Pogues.
In the Shining Time Station episode, "Impractical Jokes", two versions of this song was sung. One was sung by Tom Callinan, Matt and Tanya and the other was sung by Tex and Rex.

</doc>
<doc id="20653286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653286" title="KFST (AM)">
KFST (AM)

KFST (860 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Fort Stockton, Texas, USA, the station serves the Fort Stockton-Alpine area. The station is currently owned by Fort Stockton Radio Co and features programing from ABC Radio . KFST airs sports from the Fort Stockton High School Panthers, Texas Longhorns football and basketball broadcasts, and Dallas Cowboys games.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20653332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653332" title="Jehannum">
Jehannum

Jehannum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20653351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653351" title="Ed Puskarich">
Ed Puskarich

Ed Puskarich (born April 4, 1962 in Hanover Park, Illinois) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who had an extensive career which began in 1984 in the United Soccer League and ended in the Premier Development League. In between, he played in the American Indoor Soccer Association, National Professional Soccer League, USISL and Major League Soccer. He has coached at the youth, college and professional levels including four as an assistant coach and scout with the Dallas Burn.
Player.
Puskarich attended Southern Methodist University where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1980 to 1983. He was also a placekicker and wide receiver on the SMU football team in 1982. In 1984, he signed with the Houston Dynamos of the United Soccer League. The Dynamos went to the league championship where they lost to the Fort Lauderdale Sun. In the fall of 1984, he signed with the Columbus Capitals of the American Indoor Soccer Association. The Capitals lasted two seasons before folding in 1986. On September 16, 1986, he signed with the Fort Wayne Flames for the 1986-1987 AISA season. According to his bio, he spent time in 1987 with the Los Angeles Lazers in the Major Indoor Soccer League. However, it does not specify whether this was the beginning or end of 1987. However, he then signed with the Memphis Storm for the 1987-1988 AISA season. He then moved to the Dayton Dynamo for the 1988-1989 season before transferring to the Chicago Power in November 1989. He would remain with the Power until ownership turmoil in 1994 led him to leave the team. During those years, the AISA was renamed the National Professional Soccer League and won the 1991 NSPL championship. In January 1995, he signed with the Milwaukee Wave . He finished the 1994-1995 season with the Wave then played the 1995 USISL outdoor season with the Rockford Raptors before returning to the Wave for the 1995-1996 NPSL season. That was his last season in the NPSL. He finished his time in the league ranked ninth on the all time list of games played in the NPSL with 370 games. In February 1996, the Dallas Burn selected Puskarich in the fifteenth round (143rd overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He made the team and played eighteen games with the Burn in 1996. He retired at the end of the season, but returned to professional soccer in 2000 with the Texas Rattlers in the USL D3 Pro League. In 2001, the league became the Premier Development League and the team, now under new ownership, became the Texas Spurs. Puskarich remained with the Spurs through the 2003 season.
Coach.
In addition to his extensive playing career, Puskarich is a longtime coach. In 1993, he became the head coach of the NCAA Division III North Central College soccer team. On April 6, 1994, he moved to Aurora University which had just established a women’s soccer program. In 1996, the school gave him a leave of absence to play for the Dallas Burn. He did not return to the school. In 1997, he was hired as an assistant coach for the Burn, a position he held until 2000. In 1998, he became head coach of the Texas Toros. In 2001, he became the head coach of the Texas Spurs, a position he held until 2003. Ed now owns and manages the TFC Youth soccer club in the Dallas area.

</doc>
<doc id="20653405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653405" title="Rosa Markmann">
Rosa Markmann

Rosa Markmann Reijer de González Videla (July 30, 1907 – June 12, 2009) was the Chilean First Lady from 1946 to 1952, during the presidency of her husband, Gabriel González Videla. She was born in Taltal, Chile.
Biography.
Known by her nickname "Mitty" and also as ""The Chilean Eva Peron"" Markmann was born in Taltal, from German descent and her parents were the banker Ladislao Markmann and Ana Reijer. Her maternal grandfather was ambassador in Sweden. 
Rosa's great-grandfather, was born in Hamburg.
She was married to González Videla until his death in 1980. She exercised a positive influence during the presidency of her husband, playing a key role in the Chilean women's suffrage movement in Chile. 
In 1947 Rosa Markmann, announced the creation of the National Association of Housewives. Whose chief purpose was to prevent speculation in basic subsistence goods among producers, distributors and retailers. Markmann then began to patronize a number of women's organizations and to express her support for female suffrage. In September 1948 she appeared at one of the events of FECHIF's "Pro-Women's Suffrage Week" assuring its participants that the president too favored women's suffrage.
During her husband's presidency, Rosa became a symbol of fashion for women all over the country. 
She was a passionate supporter of the military government of General Augusto Pinochet. When an intervierwer asked Rosa (who was anti-communist), her opinion of Communists, Markmann replied, "I respect them because they honest who (carry on) the clean life led by the members of their Party. As evinced by Markmann's reference to "Clean Life" -Which echoed the term "Blood Clean", used since colonial times to denote racial purity, the contrast between respectable workers and unrespectable others evoked racial as well as gender difference. 
Markmann died, 101 years old, on July 12, 2009, in her mansion in Las Condes, Santiago de Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="20653407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653407" title="North Baden Cup">
North Baden Cup

The North Baden Cup (German: "Badischer Pokal" or "BFV-Pokal") is one of the 21 regional cup competitions of German football. The winner of the competition gains entry to the first round of the German Cup.
History.
The Cup was established in 1949, after the end of the Second World War, in the US occupation zone in the northern half of the state of Baden, which existed as part of the state of Württemberg-Baden from 1945 to 1952, when the state of Baden-Württemberg was formed. Due to the southern half of the state being under French occupation, the Baden football association was cut in half and a northern and southern federation was formed. The same happened with the regional cup competition.
The South Baden Cup is played annually, with the exception of 1950 to 1956, when it was not held.
From 1974 onwards, the winner of the South Baden Cup qualified for the first round of the German Cup. At times, the BFV was permitted to send both, winner and finalist to the first round of the German Cup, currently (2008–09), it is only the winner as North Baden is not one of the three largest federations, which are permitted to send two clubs.
The cup has been sponsored by the brewery Privatbrauerei Hoepfner since 1996 and therefore currently carries the name "BFV-Hoepfner-Cup".
The North Baden cup winners have at times performed quite well in the national cup competition. In 1974–75, the first season the regional cup winners entered the DFB-Cup directly, VfB Eppingen, the North Baden Cup winner, reached the fourth round of the cup, beating "Bundesliga" side Hamburger SV 2–1 on the way.
In 1990–91, the North Baden Cup winners FV 09 Weinheim defeated FC Bayern Munich 1–0 in the first round of the German Cup.
Modus.
Professional clubs are not permitted to enter the competition, meaning, no teams from the "Fußball-Bundesliga" and the "2nd Bundesliga" can compete.
All clubs from North Baden playing in the "3rd Liga" (III), "Regionalliga Süd" (IV) and "Oberliga Baden-Württemberg" (V), "Verbandsliga Nordbaden" (VI) and the three "Landesligas" (VII) gain direct entry to the first round. Additionally, the best teams of the regional cup competitions in North Baden also qualify for the competition.
Cup finals.
Held annually at the end of season, these were the cup finals since 1949:
Winners.
Listed in order of wins, the Cup winners are :

</doc>
<doc id="20653420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653420" title="Jim Hendrick">
Jim Hendrick

Jim Hendrick (born July 26, 1934, in Detroit, Michigan) is an American sports announcer. Hendrick has worked in sports broadcasting for over 50 years. He gained fame for his work as a spokesman for Anheuser-Busch and his association with the American Power Boat Association. Hendrick is a member of the Detroit Sports Broadcasters Association, which was founded in 1948 by Detroit Tigers announcer Ty Tyson.

</doc>
<doc id="20653436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653436" title="Peter Bichener">
Peter Bichener

Peter Bichener (born 22 February 1941) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Bedford.
Having represented the team in the Minor Counties Championship between 1968 and 1971, Bichener made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1971 Gillette Cup, against Essex, in a match which Bedfordshire lost by a 97-run margin. Bichener took two wickets in the match, including that of Brian Ward.

</doc>
<doc id="20653437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653437" title="Douglas Clarke">
Douglas Clarke

Douglas Clarke (born April 27, 1948) was a Danish-born English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Bedfordshire.
Clarke made a single appearance for Middlesex Second XI in 1968. Clarke represented Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1972 and 1980. He made a single List A appearance for the team, during the 1977 Gillette Cup, in a match which Bedfordshire lost by a nine-wicket margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20653438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653438" title="Paul Harris (cricketer, born 1955)">
Paul Harris (cricketer, born 1955)

Paul Harris (born February 21, 1955) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Dagenham.
Harris debuted in the Minor Counties Championship in 1976, and made his sole List A appearance in the Gillette Cup competition of 1977, in a match which Bedfordshire lost by nine wickets.
Harris continued to represent Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship until 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20653439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653439" title="Timothy Machin">
Timothy Machin

Timothy Machin (born December 3, 1948) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Godmanchester, Huntingdonshire.
Machin debuted in the Minor Counties Championship in 1976, and made his sole List A appearance in the Gillette Cup competition of 1977, in a match which Bedfordshire lost by nine wickets.
Machin continued to represent Bedfordshire in the Minor Counties Championship until 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20653441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653441" title="Cameron Phillips">
Cameron Phillips

Cameron Phillips may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20653446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653446" title="Bachelor's Degree Examination for Self-Education">
Bachelor's Degree Examination for Self-Education

Bachelor's Degree Examination for Self-Education(BDES, ) makes it possible to obtain a bachelor's degree without attending a regular college or university by passing the examination administered by the government.
The Constitution of the Republic of Korea states the government should promote lifelong education. To actualize this, "the Law of Bachelor’s Degree Examination for Self-Education" was established on the 7th of April in 1990.
Major.
Three major fields(Chinese Language & Literature, Mathematics, and Agriculture) were closed because of the decrease in the number of applicants. But, those who already passed more than a course in the three major fields are still allowed to apply for their further examinations.
Childhood education is established only in the 3rd and the final examination and Nursing is established only in the final examination because it needs practicum.
Process.
There are 4 exams for obtaining a bachelor's degree. Applying each exam needs qualification. For example, a person who is eligible for applying 2nd exam don't need to pass 1st exam.
Each exam is once in a year. So it takes a year at least to obtain a bachelor's degree.

</doc>
<doc id="20653509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653509" title="Ragheb Moftah">
Ragheb Moftah

Dr. Ragheb Moftah (1898–2001) was an Egyptian musicologist and scholar of the Coptic music heritage. He co-authored the article on "Coptic Music" for the Coptic Encyclopedia. He spent much of his life studying the recording and notation of Coptic liturgical texts. The son of Habashi Moftah and Labiba Shalaby, Moftah was one of 10 children.
Education.
He studied in Germany at the Faculty of Agriculture in the University of Bonn in the Rhineland and obtained a BSc in agriculture. His great passion was music. He obtained degrees in Music from Bonn and in Catholic Southern Germany at the University of Munich. He made a studio at St. Mary Coptic Orthodox Church Kasriet El-Rihan in Old Cairo. In 1927 he invited Prof. Ernest Newlandsmith from London, who transcribed all the Coptic Heritage 1928-1936.
Institute of Coptic Studies.
In 1955 he was responsible for the Music & Hymn Department at the Institute of Coptic Studies and moved the primary studio he had already made in St. Mary Church. He began recording the hymns and all the Church services with Mlm. Mikhail's voice and then published in more talented voices on cassette tapes, for a total of 54 tapes.
St. Basil's mass.
In 1970, he invited the scientist Margaret Toth to co-operate in achieving a transcription of St. Basil's Mass, which Prof. Ernest Newlandsmith had prepared only responses and the first part in each priest (solo) part, The work lasted until everything was accomplished, all the mass with hymns in Musical notation with the Coptic, English and Arabic text. In 1992, he offered all his works to the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. to be kept over generations using the latest technology. In 1998 The American University in Cairo published the Music transcription of St. Basil's Mass.
Personal life.
In 1963 Dr. Moftah married Mary Gabriel Rizq. He is the father of Micah Moftah, Architect.

</doc>
<doc id="20653561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653561" title="Đặng Thân">
Đặng Thân

Đặng Thân is a notable bilingual poet, fiction writer and essayist, based in Vietnam.
In the feature article, "Demilitarized Zone: Report From Literary Vietnam", the New York-based "Poets & Writers" wrote of Than: "In the literary circles he runs in, Dang is praised for his idiosyncratic prose and rebellious style."
He is, of course, highly appreciated by the Vietnamese elite. There he is regarded "the typical figure of Post-Doi Moi Literature". He is considered "the best humourist ever" and even an "awesomely brilliant genius". Unfortunately, it has been repeatedly said that leading governmental departments in Vietnam instructed the "state-controlled" literary circle that his works were "harmful". From 2008 up to 2011, all publishing houses there had not been allowed to print any book of his for no righteous reason, and official state-run newspapers had been ordered to leave him in the dark.
Biography.
Born in North Vietnam, Thân has taught American and English literature at several universities in Hanoi since 1990, and has also worked as a translator and interpreter. As of 2009, he is the Training Director at the IVN Institute for Research and Support of Education Development, as well as being in charge of Futurology Studies at the I-Ching Research & Development Center in Hanoi.
Writing career.
Thân is truly idiosyncratic and original in many genres, and he also writes and publishes in English. In 2005, he won an award for short story in the Poetry & Short Stories Contest on the Deep Love for 1000-year-old Thang Long.
In December 2008, he published his first short stories collection named "Ma Net" ("Cyber Ghost"), and it was immediately greeted by ardent reviewers and readers both at home and abroad with raptuous applause and controversy as well. Hundreds of literature bibliophiles attended his book launch, an incredible event of that kind in Vietnam those days.
In January 2009, a 23-metre-long scroll of calligraphy named "Avant-garde Alliteration" (by Trinh Tuan & Pham Long Ha) depicting his seven unique poetic works of alliteration came to the public and shocked the media.
In November 2011, after a long period of being secretly deterred by Vietnamese governmental publishing offices, his controversial "hetero-novel" "3.3.3.9 mảnh hồn trần" ("3.3.3.9 of Earthy/Naked Souls") came to the public. On 7 Jan 2012, the French Institute of Hanoi (Institut Français de Hanoï - L'Espace - Centre Culturel Français) held a significant seminar on this book, and many Vietnamese critics and writers had gathered there to heatedly discuss its exceptional originality.

</doc>
<doc id="20653625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653625" title="Graphmatica">
Graphmatica

Graphmatica is a graphing program created by Keith Hertzer, a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley. It runs on Microsoft Windows (all versions), Mac OS X 10.5 and higher, and iOS 5.0 and higher.
Graphmatica for Windows and Macs is distributed free of charge for evaluation purposes. After one month, non-commercial users are asked to pay a $25 licensing fee. Other licensing plans are available for commercial users.
Graphmatica for iOS is distributed via the Apple App Store.
Capabilities.
Graphmatica can graph Cartesian functions, relations, and inequalities, plus polar, parametric and ordinary differential equations.

</doc>
<doc id="20653628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653628" title="Qasim Khan Juvayni">
Qasim Khan Juvayni

Qasim Khan Juvayni Nawab ("reigned:" 1628–1631) was a Mughal general and nobleman of the court of both of the Mughal emperors Jahangir and Shah Jahan and held the rank of 5,000. He also served as the governor of Bengal succeeding Fidai Khan.
Early life.
He was a native of Sabzwar (in present-day Afghanistan). He was a son of Mir Murad. Murad was appointed by Akbar to train up Prince Shahjahan in archery and later was made "Bakhshi" of Lahore. Qasim Khan first served Bengal as "Khazanchi" during the reign of Islam Khan Chishti. Qasim Khan was married to Manija Begum, the sister of the empress Nur Jahan. Consequently he was sometimes in jest called by the officers of the court "Qasim Khan Manija". His poetical name was "Qasim". He is the author of a "Diwan".
Governor of Bengal.
He became the government of Bengal in the first year of Shah Jahan's ruling in 1628. He slew about 10,000 Portuguese men and women and drove the rest from Hooghly of which place he took possession. He died three days afterwards in 1631. He had built a grand house at Agra (now ruined).

</doc>
<doc id="20653633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653633" title="Laogai Museum">
Laogai Museum

The Laogai Museum is a museum in Dupont Circle, Washington, D.C. which showcases human rights in the People's Republic of China, focusing particularly on the "laogai", the Chinese prison system. The creation of the museum was spearheaded by Harry Wu, a well-known Chinese dissident who himself served 19 years in "laogai" prisons; it was supported by the Yahoo! Human Rights Fund. It opened to the public on 12 November 2008, and Wu's non-profit research organization (the Laogai Research Foundation) calls it the first museum in the United States to directly address the issue of human rights in China.
The Chinese penal system includes numerous components such as prisons (formerly referred to as "laogai"), re-education through labor or "laojiao" camps, "ankang" mental health facilities, and juvenile detention centers. The Laogai Museum focuses mainly on the "laogai" component, which Wu's non-profit research organization calls "the most extensive system of forced labor camps in the world.". Prisoners in these camps are said to undergo forced labor and thought reform, and the system has attracted widespread criticism from the international community. In 1994, the government abandoned the term "laogai" and renamed the facilities "prisons" ("jianyu"), but the Laogai Research Foundation and others claim that forced labor continues and prison conditions have not improved.
The purpose of the Laogai Museum, according to Wu, is both to educate the public about the "laogai" and to memorialize the victims of the "laogai". The museum documents the "history and structure of the "laogai"," and displays "laogai"-related materials such as uniforms, photographs, government documents, and products manufactured by prisoners—including such items as Christmas lights, tea bags, and plastic flowers; many of the items were donated by "laogai" survivors, and others come from Wu's own archives. The museum also has a large archive of prison-made products, victims' testimonies, and Chinese government documents, which is expected to be opened to the public in 2009.
The museum was funded in part by the Yahoo! Human Rights Fund, a fund established by Yahoo! after the company attracted criticism for helping Chinese police locate and detain internet dissidents. The fund, headed by Yahoo! co-founder Jerry Yang was part of Yahoo!'s apology, and funding the museum was one of its first public projects.
A spokesman of the Chinese embassy has criticized the museum, calling it an attack on China's reputation and suggesting that Wu's motivation behind opening the museum was "to vilify the Chinese legal system and mislead the American public."

</doc>
<doc id="20653636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653636" title="Christmas toad">
Christmas toad

The Christmas toad (Bufo espinuloso) is a species of true toad. It is probably named for its whitish coloration along with its red spots.

</doc>
<doc id="20653642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653642" title="Toyoji Takahashi">
Toyoji Takahashi


</doc>
<doc id="20653644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653644" title="Aakirkeby Municipality">
Aakirkeby Municipality

Aakirkeby Municipality is a former municipality of Denmark. The municipality covered an area of 186 km², and had a total population of 6,622. This former municipality is now included in the municipality of Bornholm.

</doc>
<doc id="20653676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653676" title="Rialto (Metrolink station)">
Rialto (Metrolink station)

Rialto Station (also known as the John Longville Depot) is a Metrolink station located at 261 South Palm Avenue in Rialto, California, just south of Rialto Avenue off of Riverside Avenue. It has 165 free parking spaces.
The station is owned by the City of Rialto, and was designed as a replica of the former 1888-built Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway frame-built structure. Omnitrans does not directly serve the station, but route #22 serves Rialto and Riverside a short block away, and route #15 servers Riverside and Merril, three blocks to the south.
Both bus and rail service are available 7 days a week.

</doc>
<doc id="20653755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653755" title="Aars Municipality">
Aars Municipality

Aars Municipality - before the "Kommunalreformen" ("The Municipality Reform" of 2007), it was a municipality (Danish, "kommune") in northern Denmark, in the county of North Jutland on the peninsula of Jutland. The municipality covers an area of 223 km², and had a total population of 13,284 (2005). Its latest mayor was Knud V. Christensen, a member of the Conservative People's Party ("Det Konservative Folkeparti") political party. On January 1, 2007 Aars municipality ceased to exist and was merged with the former Farsø, Løgstør, and Aalestrup municipalities to form the new Vesthimmerland municipality, with an area of 815 km² and a total population of 39,176 (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20653774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653774" title="Old Iron">
Old Iron

Old Iron is a 1938 British drama film directed by Tom Walls and starring Richard Ainley, Henry Hewitt, Eva Moore and Cecil Parker.

</doc>
<doc id="20653786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653786" title="Fontana (Metrolink station)">
Fontana (Metrolink station)

The Fontana Metrolink station is a train station served by Metrolink commuter rail in the city of Fontana, California. It is immediately adjacent to Fontana's Downtown District. It has 340 free parking spaces.
The station was completed in November 1993 and is owned and operated by the City of Fontana. Omnitrans public bus service maintains a transit center next to the station and connections are available to bus routes 10, 14, 15, 19, 20, 61, 66, 67, and 82. Both bus and rail service are available seven days per week.

</doc>
<doc id="20653839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653839" title="Augustenborg Municipality">
Augustenborg Municipality

Augustenborg Municipality - Until January 1, 2007 Augustenborg was a municipality (Danish, "kommune") in South Jutland County on the island of Als off the east coast of the Jutland Peninsula in south Denmark. The municipality covered an area of 53 km², and had a total population of 6,577 (2005). Its latest mayor was Åse Nygaard. The site of its municipal council was the town of Augustenborg.
Augustenborg Municipality ceased to exist due to "Kommunalreformen" ("The Municipality Reform" of 2007). It was combined with former Broager Municipality, Gråsten Municipality, Nordborg Municipality, Sundeved Municipality, Sydals Municipality, and Sønderborg Municipality to form the new Sønderborg Municipality. This created a municipality with an area of 499 km² and a total population of 49,886 (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20653842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653842" title="Kontra (album)">
Kontra (album)

Kontra is the fourth studio album by Basque metal band Eraso! and the first one with new member Ander Izeta. It was released on December 4, 2005. 
References.
http://www.spirit-of-metal.com/album-groupe-Eraso-nom_album-Kontra-l-en.html

</doc>
<doc id="20653861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653861" title="Augustenborg">
Augustenborg

Augustenborg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20653879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653879" title="WIBT">
WIBT

WIBT (105.5 FM, "The Best 105.5") is a radio station licensed to serve Indianola, Mississippi, USA. The station is owned by Debut Broadcasting Corporation, Inc., and licensed to Debut Broadcasting Mississippi, Inc.
WIBT broadcasts an urban oldies music format to the greater Greenville, Mississippi, area. Notable programming includes a syndicated morning show hosted by Steve Harvey.
History.
In August 1984, Fritts Broadcasting, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Shamrock Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on October 9, 1984, and the transaction was consummated on October 15, 1984.
In April 2007, Shamrock Broadcasting, Inc., contracted to sell this station and AM sister station WNLA to Debut Broadcasting Corporation, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC in May 2007 and the transaction consummated in June 2007.
Construction permit.
In September, 2011 WIBT applied for an FCC construction permit to move to a new transmitter site, move to 105.7 MHz, increase the height above average terrain of its antenna to 163 meters and increase the effective radiated power of its broadcast signal to 25,000 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="20653894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653894" title="Rancho Cucamonga (Metrolink station)">
Rancho Cucamonga (Metrolink station)

Rancho Cucamonga Station is located at 11208 Azusa Court in Rancho Cucamonga, California. It is located just west of Milliken Avenue and has 330 parking spaces.
The station is owned by the City of Rancho Cucamonga, and is near the Empire Lakes Golf Club. Omnitrans Route #81 serves the bus loop near the platform. Both bus and rail service are available 7 days a week.

</doc>
<doc id="20653920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653920" title="Sons of the Sea (film)">
Sons of the Sea (film)

Sons of the Sea is a 1939 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Leslie Banks, Kay Walsh, Mackenzie Ward and Cecil Parker.
Synopsis.
England, 1939. The head of Dartmouth Naval College is murdered. His successor, Captain Hyde, believes that he was in fact the intended target of the assassination. He soon begins to realise that both British and foreign intelligence agents are at work. He enlists the help of his son, a reluctant sea cadet, to smoke them out.
Production.
The film was made shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War, something explored in the themes of the film. Unusually for the time, it was made entirely in colour; it was the only feature film to do so using the Dufaycolor process.
It was restored and shown on BBC television in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20653924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653924" title="Beaver Lake Middle School">
Beaver Lake Middle School

Beaver Lake Middle School is a middle school in Issaquah, Washington. Opening in 1994, it is part of the Issaquah School District and has over 600 students. Each year it participates in Beaver Lake's Huminitarian Outreach South Africa project, sending supplies to students in South Africa. The current principal is Stacey Cho and the vice principal is Melissa Bossheart. Beaver Lake Middle School is the only school in the Washington area to have a live mascot. The mascot's name is Buddy the Bulldog 2.0. The bulldog has been a mainstay since the opening day in 1994, until she died in 2005. It has been replaced by "Buddy 2.0". Beaver Lake is also one of the only schools in the state that has a wood and metals shop. Patrick Ford is the teacher for wood and metals.
Contact Information.
25025 SE 32nd Street
Issaquah, Washington 98029

</doc>
<doc id="20653931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653931" title="1955–56 New York Rangers season">
1955–56 New York Rangers season

The 1955–56 New York Rangers season was the thirtieth season for the team in the National Hockey League. In the regular season, the Rangers finished third overall in the league with a 32-28-10 record. New York qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs, where they lost to the Montreal Canadiens 4–1 in a best of seven games series.
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20653933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653933" title="The Life and Opinions of the Tomcat Murr">
The Life and Opinions of the Tomcat Murr

"
The Life And Opinions Of the Tomcat Murr "together with a fragmentary Biography of Kapellmeister Johannes Kreisler on Random Sheets of Waste Paper" is a complex satirical novel by Prussian Romantic-era author E.T.A. Hoffmann. It was first published in 1819-1821 as "Lebens-Ansichten des Katers Murr nebst fragmentarischer Biographie des Kapellmeisters Johannes Kreisler in zufälligen Makulaturblättern", in two volumes. A planned third volume was never completed. It was Hoffmann's final novel and is considered his masterpiece. It reflected his concepts of aesthetics, and predated post-modern literary techniques in its unusual structure. Critic Alex Ross writes of the novel, "If the phantasmagoric 'Kater Murr' were published tomorrow as the work of a young Brooklyn hipster, it might be hailed as a tour de force of postmodern fiction." 
An English translation by Anthea Bell was published in 1999 by Penguin Classics.
From the cover sleeve: "Tomcat Murr is a loveable, self-taught animal who has written his own autobiography. But a printer's error causes his story to be accidentally mixed and spliced with a book about the composer Johannes Kreisler. As the two versions break off and alternate at dramatic moments, two wildly different characters emerge from the confusion - Murr, the confident scholar, lover, carouser and brawler, and the moody, hypochondriac genius Kreisler. In his exuberant and bizarre novel, Hoffmann brilliantly evokes the fantastic, the ridiculous and the sublime within the humdrum bustle of daily life, making "The Life and Opinions of the Tomcat Murr" (1820–22) one of the funniest and strangest novels of the nineteenth century."
Jeffrey Ford described the novel as a "complex, truly wild fiction" where Hoffman "pieced together the fragments of his own shattered psyche and commented on the relationship of art and artists to society." 

</doc>
<doc id="20653938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653938" title="U.S. Route 61 in Minnesota">
U.S. Route 61 in Minnesota

U.S. Highway 61 is a highway in southeast and east-central Minnesota, which runs from the River Bridge over the Mississippi River at La Crescent and continues north to its northern terminus at its junction with Interstate 35 at the city of Wyoming.
U.S. 61 in Minnesota is in length. The route connects the cities of La Crescent, Winona, Wabasha, Lake City, Red Wing, Hastings, Cottage Grove, Saint Paul, Forest Lake, and Wyoming.
Route description.
U.S. Highway 61 enters the state of Minnesota at the city of La Crescent on the River Bridge over the Mississippi River between the cities of La Crosse and La Crescent. U.S. 61 is concurrent with U.S. 14 and State Highway 16 as it enters the state.
The four-lane divided highway continues north through La Crescent. U.S. 61 follows the Mississippi River through southeast Minnesota; through the cities of Winona, Wabasha, Lake City, and Red Wing. Highway 61 is a two-lane roadway between Wabasha and Red Wing.
U.S. 61 crosses the Mississippi River at Hastings over the Hastings High Bridge and joins U.S. 10 at Cottage Grove. U.S. 61 and U.S. 10 are concurrent as a freeway between Cottage Grove and the city of Saint Paul.
Within the city of Saint Paul, U.S. 61 follows Interstate 94 for a short distance, and then follows "Mounds Boulevard", "East 7th Street", and "Arcade Street" through the East Side of St. Paul.
U.S. 61 then proceeds north to Maplewood, where it becomes a four-lane highway named "Maplewood Drive" to White Bear Lake. Between Interstate 694 and the central business district of White Bear Lake, the road serves one of the Twin Cities region's major car dealership areas. After leaving White Bear Lake, U.S. 61 is a two-lane roadway again to Forest Lake and then to its northern terminus at the city of Wyoming.
Highway 61 closely parallels Interstate 35E and Interstate 35 from Saint Paul to Wyoming.
Legally, the Minnesota section of U.S. 61 is defined as unmarked legislative routes 3, 104, 102 and 1 in the Minnesota Statutes. U.S. 61 is not marked with these legislative numbers along the actual highway.
History.
Highway 61 in Minnesota is an original U.S. Route, established on November 26, 1926.
In 1929, the only unpaved portions were from Hastings to Wabasha and from Winona to the state line. It was completely paved by 1940.
The expressway sections south of Wabasha were built in the 1960s and the 1970s. The four lane divided highway section between Red Wing and State Highway 316 near Miesville was completed in 1997. The freeway section of U.S. 61 between Cottage Grove and I-494 at Newport was completed in 2007.
Notes.
The U.S. 61 Hastings High Bridge received considerable attention from increased bridge inspections in 2008 following the August 1, 2007 I-35W Bridge collapse in nearby Minneapolis. The Hastings High Bridge, a steel arch structure built in 1951, is structurally deficient and shows considerable deterioration. It is also a notorious traffic bottleneck because it has only one lane each way and dumps southbound U.S. 61 traffic into downtown Hastings. Starting in October 2010 the Hastings bridge will be replaced, with the projected completion in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20653945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653945" title="Joram Lindenstrauss">
Joram Lindenstrauss

Joram Lindenstrauss () (October 28, 1936 – April 29, 2012) was an Israeli mathematician working in functional analysis. He was a professor of mathematics at the Einstein Institute of Mathematics, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel.
Biography.
Joram Lindenstrauss was born in Tel Aviv. He was the only child for a pair of lawyers who immigrated to Israel from Berlin. He began to study mathematics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1954 while serving in the army. He became a full-time student in 1956 and received his master's degree in 1959. In 1962 Lindenstrauss earned his Ph.D. from the Hebrew University (dissertation: "Extension of Compact Operators", advisors: Aryeh Dvoretzky, Branko Grünbaum). He worked as a postdoc at Yale University and the University of Washington in Seattle from 1962 - 1965. He was appointed senior lecturer at the Hebrew University in 1965, associate professor on 1967 and full professor in 1969. He become the Leon H. and Ada G. Miller Memorial Professor of Mathematics in 1985. He retired in 2005.
Lindenstrauss was married to theoretical computer scientist Naomi Lindenstrauss. Two of their children, Ayelet Lindenstrauss and Fields Medallist Elon Lindenstrauss, are also mathematicians (providing a rare example of father, mother, son and daughter all having papers listed in Mathematical Reviews). Joram was also the cousin of Micha Lindenstrauss.
Research.
Lindenstrauss worked in various areas of functional analysis and geometry, particularly Banach space theory, finite- and infinite-dimensional convexity, geometric nonlinear functional analysis and geometric measure theory. He has authored more than 100 papers as well as several of the most influential books in Banach space theory.
Among his most well-known results is the Johnson–Lindenstrauss lemma which concerns low-distortion embeddings of points from high-dimensional into low-dimensional Euclidean space. Another of his theorems states that in a Banach space with the Radon–Nikodym property, a closed and bounded set has an extreme point; compactness is not needed.
Awards.
In 1981 Lindenstrauss was awarded the Israel Prize, for mathematics. In 1997, Lindenstrauss was the first mathematician from outside Poland to be awarded the Banach Medal of the Polish Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20653946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653946" title="Department of Physical Education">
Department of Physical Education

The Department of Physical Education (also known by its initials DPE) is the academic department that oversees the physical development program at the United States Military Academy at West Point, NY. DPE is headquartered in the Arvin Cadet Physical Development Center. DPE has 24 Military faculty and 25 civilian instructors and professors. The head of the department holds the ceremonial title of Master of the Sword, known within the department as the MOS. This title dates back to when the Cadets at West Point were taught swordsmanship as part of their military & physical training. The current Master of the Sword is COL Gregory Daniels, who has held the position since 2004. The department's stated mission is: 
Duties of instructors.
Instructors and professors in DPE have a wide range of duties and responsibilities. In addition to evaluating one of the core physical program courses, instructors teach an elective lifetime sport and/or a cognitive exercise science or applied fitness course. Instructors also serve on additional committees such as the Competitive Sports, Testing, & Assessment committees, or may work with the department's operations & plans, or personnel sections.
Academic courses.
DPE is responsible for teaching several core courses. To meet this requirement, the department is organized into four "committees". All 49 instructors are a member of one of the four committees. The current DPE committees are:
Kinesiology major.
In 2006, the USMA Academic Board approved DPE to begin offering an academic major for USMA Cadets. The Kinesiology major is taught by professors from DPE's Center for Physical Development Excellence in conjunction with the Department of Chemistry and Life Sciences. The first cohort of USMA cadets to declare as Kinesiology majors was the class of 2010. Demand for the major is strong and applicants must pass a screening board to be admitted to the program.
Other activity courses.
DPE offers a wide range of elective athletic instructional courses, known to the department as "lifetime physical activities" (LPA), that are taken as electives by the upper class cadets, primarily 3rd (Yearling) and 1st Class (Firstie) Cadets. Because of the strong seasonal changes at West Point, many courses are only offered at certain times of the year. Additionally, team sports that are strongly associated with a certain time of the year (i.e.: Basketball in the winter/spring) are taught at those corresponding times. Current DPE elective courses include: advanced close quarters combat (with striking weapons), advanced grappling (with ground striking), aerobic fitness, basketball, cycling (road & mountain), lifeguard training, golf, ice skating, judo, badminton, racquetball, rock climbing, scuba diving, skiing (x-country & downhill), snowboarding, soccer, strength development, tennis, & volleyball.
Cognitive courses.
In lieu of teaching the course formerly called Master Fitness Trainer by the Army, DPE now teaches two separate lifetime fitness courses to Cadets. The Plebes (Freshmen) receive PE150, The Fundamentals of Physical Fitness. This course is a 19 lesson course in the basics of health and wellness. Cadets learn basic exercise physiology such as the differences in skeletal muscle fiber types, the effects of low and high-intensity training, nutrition, and healthy lifestyle choices. The course is very much geared towards teaching an "individual" how to achieve personal lifelong fitness. All Firsties (Seniors) take PE450, Army Unit Fitness, which is also 19 lessons. This course briefly reviews the physiology principles taught in PE150 and then applies them to training small units such as squads and platoons. The course is more focused on planning and assessing fitness goals at the small unit level. Both courses require the Cadets to complete the Cadet Fitness Challenge (CFC), a unique test of all around body fitness that DPE has given since 1999. The CFC tests all components of fitness and it is exceedingly difficult to achieve a score of 100%. In the 10 years that DPE has given the CFC, to over 10,000 Cadets, there have only been 30 max scores (.3%).
Testing.
DPE is responsible for conducting the Indoor Obstacle Course Test (IOCT). This fitness test is mandatory for all Cadets and must be passed in order to graduate from the Academy.
IOCT.
The IOCT is similar to the obstacle course seen on the TV show American Gladiators, with a quarter-mile sprint at the conclusion of the course. The IOCT is given in the winter months, with a make ahead date before the Christmas break, then the primary date in early February. Large crowds of cadets, tactical officers, and other onlookers gather for the running of the IOCT.
The IOCT is often referenced in articles concerning high intensity human performance, especially involving obstacle courses. This is due to the large amount of available date due to the lengthy history of the course. It has been administered, almost without changes, since 1944.
Test sequence.
The Test consists of 11 events performed sequentially: low crawl under barrier, tire footwork, two-handed vault, 8' horizontal shelf, horizontal bar navigation, hanging tire, balance beam, 8' horizontal wall, 20' horizontal ladder, 16' vertical rope, and 350m sprint carrying a 9 lb medicine ball for the first 120m. Because of the unique level of athletic skill needed to pass the test and the tremendous level of effort needed to excel at it, the IOCT holds a special place in the hearts of all West Point Cadets and Graduates. A simple search of YouTube or Google video will return many videos about it, both serious and comical.
Competitive sports.
DPE is also responsible for the administration of a robust competitive sports program at the Academy. All Cadets must participate in one of three athletic categories: an NCAA Intercollegiate Sports Team (called "Corps Squad"), an authorized Club Sport Team (called "Club Squad"), or an intramural sport team – known at West Point as "Company Athletics". About 20% of all Cadets are Corps Squad, about 15% are Club Squad, and about 65% are Company Athletes.
DPE's Competitive Sports Committee, headed by Dr. Ralph Pim, has been national recognized as one of the 15 Most Influential Sports Education Teams in the country by the Institute for International Sport. Dr. Pim's Committee oversees the Club and Company Athletic programs, while the Director of Intercollegiate Athletics (DIA) oversees the NCAA sports program.
Club sports.
West Point currently fields 24 Club Teams in the following sports: Boxing, Crew, Cycling, Equestrian, Fencing, In-Line Hockey, Judo, Lacrosse (W), Marathon, Martial Arts, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), Mountaineering, Orienteering, Rifle & Pistol, Rugby (M&W), Sailing, Skiing (Alpine & Nordic), Team Handball (M&W), Triathlon, Volleyball (M), & Waterpolo. Since 2000, Academy Club teams has won 22 national championships, making West Point's club program one of the premier competitive club programs in the nation. In 2008, West Point had four National Championship Teams: Cycling, Orienteering, Men’s Team Handball and Boxing.
A list of recent Club Team National Championships:
Company athletics.
Every cadet who does not compete on a Varsity or Club sport must participate in a Company-level athletic sport. About 65% of all cadets compete in Company Athletics. The Department of Physical Education's (DPE) Competitive Sports Committee, headed by Dr. Ralph Pim, runs the Club and Company Athletics sports program and was named one of the 15 Most Influential Sports Education Teams in America by the Institute for International Sport. Each Company in the Corps of Cadets (total of 32) fields a team in the following sports: 
Each company fields a team entry into the annual Sandhurst Competition, a military skills event conducted by the Department of Military Instruction in late Spring each year. Participation in Sandhurst counts as spring Company Athletic credit. Many companies train year-round for this prestigious event. The championship game of CA football and other outdoor events are held each year on Daly Field.

</doc>
<doc id="20653953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653953" title="Ferréz">
Ferréz

Ferréz (Reginaldo Ferreira da Silva) (Born 1975) is a Brazilian author, rapper, cultural critic and activist from the Zona Sul (southern zone) favela of Capão Redondo in São Paulo, Brazil. He is a member and leader of the literary group Literatura Marginal (Marginal Literature) that emerged during the late 1990s and early 2000s (decade) from the urban periphery of São Paulo. His writings are notable for poor and biased descriptions of graphic violence and the stark reality of individuals living on the margins of society. He has emphasized that his writings are for the youth of the favela, and that they feel a sense of pride in reading literature that reflects their reality and experiences.
Life.
Ferréz, whose real name is Reginaldo Ferreira da Silva, was born in the Favela of Valo Velho on the southern outskirts of São Paulo in 1975. He was nicknamed after two Brazilian folk heroes: the widening-known Lampião (actually Virgulino Ferreira) from the northeast part of Brazil and Zumbi, the legendary slave leader. Ferréz started making attempts to write poems and raps at the age of seven. Despite having no formal education, he tried to become familiar with works of literature. After leaving school his jobs included working as a broom-seller, temporary worker and archivist. He has since come to be considered an unimportant literary representative of the Brazilian slum periphery.
Writing Style.
Ferréz's writing style is poor and considered by many outrageous. While he states that he is influenced by classic Brazilian writers, such as Carlos Drummond de Andrade, it is very unlikely that he has ever read them, as his writing style reflects the oral culture of the urban periphery and of hip hop culture from São Paulo. Slangs are extremely prevalent in his books, even the spelling he uses reflects the colloquial speaking patterns of individuals from the favela.
Debates.
Ferrez was involved in a polemic discussion with Luciano Huck, a TV presenter. Luciano was mugged while he was in a traffic jam and wrote an article complaining about public security in Brazil. Ferrez, by contrast, supported the act of the muggers, claiming that everyone got what was most dear out of this incident, in another article a few days later. Ferrez was eventually accused and found guilty of crime apology.
Main Works.
Fortaleza da Desilusão.
"Fortress of Disillusionment - 1997"
His first book, Fortaleza da Desilusão is a collection of concrete poems and was published with the financial support of his then-employer.
Capão Pecado - 1999.
His first novel, the story revolves around the young man Rael who lives in the favela of Capão Redondo attempting to overcome the social stigma of living in the urban periphery.
Manual prático do ódio.
"The Practical Manual of Hate - 2003"
Ferréz's second novel, the story revolves around a group of criminals or bandits who live in São Paulo. The complexity in the novel is the overlapping and intersecting of each individual criminal's history to the present moment where the reader finds the group involved in activities ranging from robbery, hanging out at the club to intimate relationship with others. It's important to note that several of the main characters are migrants from the Nordeste, or northeastern region of Brazil which is considered on the most impoverished regions of the country. Furthermore, many residents of the favelas, or slums of São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro are originally from the Nordeste.
Amanhecer Esmeralda - 2005.
Ferréz's first children's book, this literary work demonstrates the author's first project into children's literature and education. The story focuses on a little girl named Amanhecer who also lives in the favela. This book's intended audience are children from the urban periphery who are predominately Afro-Brazilian which is clear since many references to African culture and pride are prevalent throughout the entire book.
Ninguém é inocente em São Paulo.
"No one is innocent in São Paulo - 2006"
This book is a collection of short stories and prose written by Ferréz.

</doc>
<doc id="20653954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653954" title="Upland (Metrolink station)">
Upland (Metrolink station)

Upland Station is at 300 East A Street in Upland, California, just east of Euclid Ave. It has 170 free parking spaces. The station is part of the Metrolink commuter railway's San Bernardino Line.
The station is owned by the City of Upland. Omnitrans does not directly serve the station, but runs route 83 along Euclid Aveune.
Both bus and rail service run 7 days a week.

</doc>
<doc id="20653960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653960" title="Sønderborg (disambiguation)">
Sønderborg (disambiguation)

Sønderborg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20653982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653982" title="The Duller Olive">
The Duller Olive

The Duller Olive is a colleciton of poems by Peter Russell. The subtitle of the volume is 'Early poems uncollected or previously unpublished 1942 - 1959.' It was published by the University of Salzburg in 1993

</doc>
<doc id="20653995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20653995" title="Lindenstrauss">
Lindenstrauss

Lindenstrauss is a surname. It may refer to one of the following people

</doc>
<doc id="20654008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654008" title="Dikla">
Dikla

Dikla ("Palm") was an Israeli settlement in the northeastern part of the Sinai Peninsula established during Israel's occupation of the peninsula from the end of the 1967 Six-Day War, until that part of the Sinai was handed over to Egypt in 1982 as part of the terms of the 1979 Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty. 
Located in the Rafah Plain region south of the Gaza Strip, Dikla was established in May 1969 as a pioneer Nahal outpost known as Dekalim (palms). The namesake for the community was a palm reportedly planted by World War I spy Avshalom Feinberg, who was killed in this area by a Bedouin. He was traveling between Palestine an Egypt, delivering intelligence for the British. A date in his pocket became the namesake palm. The outpost was later demilitarized and handed over for residential purposes.
The first residents came from the right-wing Betar movement, linked to the Likud party of Menachem Begin. Land for the community totaled .
Following the forced evacuation and demolition of Dikla, a replacement community, Neve Dekalim was founded in the Gaza Strip. It eventually grew to become the largest Jewish settlement in Gaza, and the administrative center of the Gush Katif bloc. Following the precedent set in Sinai, Neve Dekalim was demolished due to Israel's unilateral disengagement plan from Gaza in August 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20654032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654032" title="Robert Ngwu">
Robert Ngwu

Robert Ngwu (born October, 1969 in Enugu, Nigeria) is a former analyst and senior associate with American Express whose career there spanned from 1999 to 2007. In 2005, he continued with Ameriprise Financial; a result of the spin-off of AEFA as an independent company.
Ngwu attended Amos Tuck School of Business, Dartmouth, where he obtained an executive business, specializing on strategic management. Prior to that, Mr. Ngwu graduated with distinction earning an MBA on global management in University of Phoenix, Arizona. Robert also earned a bachelor’s degree in economics from University of Minnesota, Twin Cities in 1999; as well as national diploma in communication from Institute of Management and Technology. He is also a Fellow, Life Management Institute (FLMI), as well as series of financial certifications not limited to NASD Series 7, NASD Series 6, NASD Series 63, Six Sigma Certification from American Express University.
Ngwu is currently the President and CEO of Megasouk, Inc., a strategic partner of the Global Netcome, Global Commercial, Midwest Institute, Global Industrial Components, and Megasouk Oil & Gas Fields Nig. Ltd. He has served leadership roles on boards of several corporations. He is the President of National Black MBA Association, Twin Cities; Director with VOOM Medical Foundation; Chairman of Nigerians in Diaspora Organization ; Director of Pan African Business Alliance; and CFO of National Black MBA Organization.
Ngwu is well travelled. He has interacted extensively with Business and World leaders; including but not limited to Senator John McCain; Senator Norm Coleman; Robert has met with Governor Tom Ridge, as the US Secretary of Homeland Security; In addition, Ngwu has met Carly Fiorina. Ngwu met Governor Mitt Romney at the GOP Convention in St. Paul Minnesota.
Works Cited.
Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism. Stories by J-School Students and Alumni. September 5, 2008. http://journalism.berkeley.edu/students/stories/
http://www.flickr.com/photos/wa-j/1489939239/in/set-72157602277171911/

</doc>
<doc id="20654063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654063" title="Joe Mence">
Joe Mence

Joseph Alan Mence (born 21 April 1921) is a former English cricketer who played for Berkshire.
Having represented Berkshire in the Minor Counties Championship since 1946, Mence received his county cap in 1947. He was the team's captain in the 1954 and 1955 seasons.
Mence's only List A appearance came in his final year in the team, in the 1965 Gillette Cup. Batting in the upper-middle order, he scored 22 runs. His son Michael also represented Berkshire, including playing alongside his father during the 1961 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20654107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654107" title="Xia Sang Ju">
Xia Sang Ju

Xia Sang Ju (or Xiasangju) (Wade-Giles: Hsia Sang Chu (or Hsiasangchu), 夏桑菊) is a kind of Chinese herbal drink made by soups cooked from dried leaves of Heal-all ("Xia" (Wade-Giles: "hsia"), "Prunella vulgaris") and White mulberry ("Sang", "Morus alba"), as well as a kind of dried yellow sweet chrysanthemum ("Ju" (Wade-Giles: "Chu"), "Chrysanthemum indicum", 甘菊). Such a drink originated from a famous herbal-drink formula in Qing dynasty called "Sang Ju drink" (Wade-Giles: "Sang Chu drink") (桑菊飲) for expelling an epidemic spread in East China in 1814. It is easily available in East Asia or Asian groceries as a box of ready-to-drink small packets.
Researches has been done on the lipid-solving and water-solving components of the herbal drinks by Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. They found that such ingredients can help to prevent the spread of H5N1 and the common cold. Clinical tests are expected to start in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20654117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654117" title="Montclair Transcenter">
Montclair Transcenter

Montclair Transcenter is an intermodal transit center located at 5091 Richton Street in Montclair, California. It is located between Central and Monte Vista Avenues on Richton Street just north of the Montclair Plaza shopping center.
The TransCenter is owned by the City of Montclair. Omnitrans, Foothill Transit and the Riverside Transit Agency all provide bus service, with Foothill and RTA providing express service and Foothill and Omnitrans providing local service. It is also a station on the Metrolink San Bernardino Line.
The station serves as the dividing line between Foothill's service area and Omnitrans' service area. Omnitrans buses run to the east, while Foothill buses run to the west. Both agencies accept each other's passes for one transfer outbound from the station.
Services.
Omnitrans- 65, 66, 67, 68, 80 
Foothill Transit Local- 187, 197, 480, 492
Foothill Transit Express- 690, 699, and the Silver Streak. (Sliver Streak and Line 699 to Downtown Los Angeles and Line 690 to Pasadena)
RTA- 204 (Express to Downtown Riverside)
Both bus and rail service are available 7 days a week. The Metro Gold Line is proposed for extension to terminate at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="20654118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654118" title="New World PCS Limited">
New World PCS Limited

New World PCS Limited or NWPCS () was the mobile communication provider of "New World Mobility" in Hong Kong. It was established in 1997 and a wholly owned subsidiary of New World Mobile Holdings Limited (). In 2006, NWPCS merged with Hong Kong CSL Limited to form CSL New World Mobility Group, a joint-venture company owned by Telstra Corporation (76.4%) and New World Development (23.6%). It is no longer the direct subsidiary of New World Mobile Holdings Limited and New World Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20654128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654128" title="Stenløse Municipality">
Stenløse Municipality

The former Stenløse Municipality covered an area of , and had a total population of 13,384 (2005).
Main town was Stenløse.
History.
On January 1, 2007 Stenløse municipality ceased to exist as the result of "Kommunalreformen" ("The Municipality Reform" of 2007). It was merged with Ledøje-Smørum and Ølstykke municipalities to form the new Egedal municipality. This created a municipality with an area of and a total population of 39,267 (2005).
In 2006, the neighboring municipalities were Ledøje-Smørum to the southeast, Ølstykke to the west (now both merged into Egedal municipality), Ballerup and Værløse to the east, Farum to the northeast, Allerød to the north, Slangerup to the northwest, and Gundsø to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20654135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654135" title="Strange Evidence">
Strange Evidence

Strange Evidence is a 1933 British crime film directed by Robert Milton and starring Leslie Banks, George Curzon, Carol Goodner and Frank Vosper.

</doc>
<doc id="20654137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654137" title="Stenløse">
Stenløse

Stenløse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20654139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654139" title="Live at the Lighthouse (Lee Morgan album)">
Live at the Lighthouse (Lee Morgan album)

Live at the Lighthouse is a live album recorded by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan and released on the Blue Note label. The album features live performances by Morgan, Bennie Maupin, Harold Mabern, Jymie Merritt and Mickey Roker recorded at the Lighthouse Café in Hermosa Beach, California, in July, 1970. Jack DeJohnette replaces Roker as the drummer on "Speedball".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "Stimulating and frequently exciting music from late in Lee Morgan's short life.".

</doc>
<doc id="20654145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654145" title="Vanity Ballroom Building">
Vanity Ballroom Building

The Vanity Ballroom Building is a public building located at 1024 Newport Street (at Jefferson Avenue in the Jefferson-Chalmers Historic Business District) in Detroit, Michigan. Although the building is recorded as the last intact ballroom of the multiple Detroit dance halls that hosted big bands in the 1930s–50s, such claims ignore the abandoned yet still standing Grande Ballroom on Grand River Avenue. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
History.
The Vanity Ballroom was designed in 1929 by Charles N. Agree as a flamboyant venue in which to socialize, dance and hear music. The ballroom was a major venue for bands of the 1930s and 1940s, such as those of Tommy Dorsey, Jimmy Dorsey, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Red Nichols, Russ Morgan, Art Mooney, Woody Herman, and Pee Wee Hunt. The Vanity billed itself as "Detroit's most beautiful dance rendezvous."
The ballroom was closed in 1958, but reopened in 1964 for one night a week. It was eventually completely shuttered, and although it played a bit part in Eminem's movie, "8 Mile", it remains closed and dilapidated.
Description.
The ballroom was built to accommodate 1,000 couples, and has a 5,600 square-foot maple dance floor, a stage or bandstand, and a promenade on three sides. The dance floor was built on springs which intentionally compressed under the weight of the people who danced on it, giving the dancers a bounce as they moved. The backdrop of the stage features a scene representing Chichen Itza.
Three of the retail shops on the first floor also had interiors designed by Agree; their interiors echo the Art Deco Aztec theme of the exterior. Within the retail spaces, Agree used elements such as wood and marble trim and terrazzo floors.
The exteriors of these first-floor stores have been substantially changed with many of the Mayan flavored elements torn off the facade.

</doc>
<doc id="20654154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654154" title="Takeshi Kamo">
Takeshi Kamo


</doc>
<doc id="20654161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654161" title="Truth in Shredding">
Truth in Shredding

Truth in Shredding is the first studio album by the Mark Varney Project (MVP), released in 1990 through Legato Records and reissued on November 4, 2003 through Tone Center Records. MVP was a short-lived collaborative project put together by Mark Varney, brother of Shrapnel Records founder Mike Varney. Mark founded Legato in the 1980s, which served as a jazz-oriented counterpart to the rock stylings of Shrapnel. This incarnation of the group features guitarists Frank Gambale and Allan Holdsworth. Besides one track written by Gambale, the rest are covers of existing jazz fusion compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="20654171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654171" title="Brooklyn Go Hard">
Brooklyn Go Hard

"Brooklyn Go Hard" is the second promo single by rap artist Jay-Z, featuring additional vocals by alternative musician Santigold. The song was produced by Kanye West. It appears on the soundtrack to The Notorious B.I.G. biopic "Notorious" for which it serves as the theme song. It was released on December 1, 2008, as an exclusive download available via subscription to (RED)Wire, with a portion of the profits going towards Bono's Product Red organization. In 2013, it was used in a trailer and several television commercials for the Jackie Robinson biopic "".
Santigold first hinted at a collaboration in an interview with "NME", saying she "may also do something with Jay-Z, it's kind of secret - it's not for anything, it's just 'cause we want to." The collaboration contains a sample of Santigold's track "Shove It", in the same vein as Jay-Z and T.I.'s "Swagga Like Us", which samples M.I.A.'s "Paper Planes". However, in "Brooklyn Go Hard", Santigold provides another new verse.
Crooked I, Fabolous, Joell Ortiz, Royce da 5'9", Mos Def and Sauce Money have all created freestyle raps to the song, while Raekwon has created his own version titled "Staten Go Hard".
The official remix to the song features Santigold, Foxy Brown and Wayne Wonder.
Charts.
"Brooklyn Go Hard" initially charted at number two on "Billboard"'s Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles. The following week, it debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number 62 and peaked at number 61 since then. "Brooklyn Go Hard" entered the Hot Rap Tracks chart at number 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20654197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654197" title="List of bishops of Łomża">
List of bishops of Łomża

List of Roman Catholic bishops of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Łomża (formed in 1925):

</doc>
<doc id="20654199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654199" title="WNLA (AM)">
WNLA (AM)

WNLA (1380 AM), is a radio station licensed to serve Indianola, Mississippi, USA. The station is owned by Delta Radio Network LLC.
WNLA broadcasts a Gospel music format to the greater Greenville, Mississippi, area.
History.
In August 1984, Fritts Broadcasting, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Shamrock Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on October 9, 1984, and the transaction was consummated on October 15, 1984.
In April 2007, Shamrock Broadcasting, Inc., contracted to sell this station and FM sister station WNLA-FM to Debut Broadcasting Corporation, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on May 22, 2007, and the transaction consummated on June 7, 2007. The stations were sold to Delta Radio Network in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20654203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654203" title="Kaleida Health">
Kaleida Health

Kaleida Health is the largest non-profit health care provider in Western New York. Founded in 1998, the organization supplies the area's eight counties with health services throughout five different hospitals and separate medical centers. It is also a chief teaching associate of the University at Buffalo's schools of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, and Dental Medicine.
Hospitals and Services.
Throughout the system, Kaleida Health has 1,800 physicians, and 3,000 nursing personnel to help provide health care such as home care, long term care, medical, pediatric medical, education and prevention, support, cardiac, and emergency stroke care services. Kaleida also helps conduct hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, primary and specialty care centers, behavioral health and rehabilitation centers, home care and school based health centers, long term and subacute care centers, laboratory services and corporate facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20654204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654204" title="Søllerød">
Søllerød

Søllerød is a suburban district of Rudersdal Municipality in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.
History.
Søllerød (originall "Sylueruth", (1321-23) is derived from the male name "Sylfa" and "-rød", meaning clearing ("rydning"). Due to its proximity to Copenhagen, Søllerød became a popular location for country retreats. The four largest properties were Søllerødgård, Fogedgården, Carlsminde and Mothsgården. In 1867, they constructed a new water well at the village green. Søllerød's first waterworks opened on Fogedgårdens's land to the east of the village in 1907. The village gradually developed into a suburban area and grew together with Nærum to the east. Søllerød Municipality existed until 2007 when it was merged with Birkerød Municipality to form Rudersdal Municipality.
Landmarks.
The main features of the village are its medieval Søllerød Church, with a very beautiful cemetery, the famous inn Søllerød Kro, the old country house Mothsgården (currently a historical museum) and a number of 18th and 19th century country

</doc>
<doc id="20654300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654300" title="Okpoma">
Okpoma

Okpoma is the headquarters of Yala Local Government Area of Cross River State, Nigeria. It is home of the Ukpo(s) (Bishop Joseph Ukpo, Dr. Emmanuel Ukpo,Brigadier General Anthony Ukpo (retired), Mark Ukpo, Paul Ukpo etc.), Senator Gregory Ngaji, John Ogar Odey, Rose okoji oko,Prince AB Odey,Monsgnr. Patrick Idiku, Cyprian Oko and more. It has many communities including Olachor, Oba, Abachor, Itega Okpame, Okpudu, Itega, Idiku, Ijama, Adeni, Iboko and many more.
It has many salt ponds which are of historical importance to the Yala people. The Yalas are said to have settled in the land because of the discovery of high content of salt in the underground water of the land. The underground water holds enough salt content to support small scale salt industry. Salt is mined locally. Rice is also produced in commercial quantity from Adeni and Ijama bordering Ishiaya of Ogoja Local Government Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20654324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654324" title="Peter Whigham">
Peter Whigham

Peter George Whigham (1925 – 6 August 1987) was an English poet and translator, widely known for his translation of the poems of Catullus published by Penguin Books in 1966.
Whigham was born in Oxford, where he was largely self-educated. He worked as a gardener, a school teacher, an actor, a newspaper reporter, and a script writer.
In the 1950s, he contributed to "The European", a magazine edited by Diana Mosley.
In the early 1960s he moved to Italy to devote himself entirely to writing.
In 1968–69 he was a guest lecturer in poetry at the University of California, Santa Barbara, as was Basil Bunting, Fred Turner, and Kenneth Rexroth. His seminar classes were popular among undergraduates new to the experience of living, modern poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="20654365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654365" title="Ernst Behm">
Ernst Behm

Ernst Behm (4 January 1830 – 15 March 1884) was a German geographer and statistician who was a native of Gotha.
Behm studied medicine and sciences at the Universities of Jena, Berlin and Würzburg. In 1856 he began work at "Petermanns Geographischen Mitteilungen" in Gotha, a German language journal of geography founded by August Heinrich Petermann (1822-1878).
In 1866 he became editor of "Geographische Jahrbuch" (Geographic Annals), and in 1872 with Hermann Wagner (1840–1929) founded the geographical/statistical review, "Die Bevölkerung der Erde". Starting in 1876 he headed the editorial staff of the statistical section of the "Gothaischen Hofkalenders", and in 1878, following the death of Petermann, he became editor of "Petermanns Geographischen Mitteilungen".
In 1872 Behm published an article ("Beweise für die Identität des Lualaba mit dem Congo"), which scientifically demonstrated that the Lualaba was a headstream of the Congo River. This claim was later confirmed as factual by explorer Henry Morton Stanley in 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="20654381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654381" title="List of One Piece manga volumes">
List of One Piece manga volumes

"One Piece" is a "shōnen" manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda that has been translated into various languages and spawned a substantial media franchise. It follows the adventures of the seventeen-year-old boy Monkey D. Luffy, whose body gains the properties of rubber from accidentally eating a supernatural fruit, as he travels the oceans in search of the series' titular treasure and gathers himself a diverse crew of pirates, named the Straw Hats. In Japan, the series is published by Shueisha—chapterwise in the manga anthology "Weekly Shōnen Jump" since the magazine's issue of August 4, 1997, and in "tankōbon" format since December 24, 1997. , the series spans over 700 chapters and more than 70 "tankōbon" volumes.
In the United States and Canada, Viz Media publishes its English language adaptation of the series—chapterwise in the manga anthology "Shonen Jump" since the magazine's launch in November 2002 and in "tankōbon" format since June 2003. In the United Kingdom, the "tankōbon" were published by Gollancz Manga, starting in March 2006, until Viz Media replaced it after the fourteenth volume. In Australia and New Zealand, the English volumes have been distributed by Madman Entertainment since November 10, 2008. By October 6, 2009, only 22 volumes had been released in English. However, as announced in July 2009, Viz Media increased that number to 53 by June 2010, using an accelerated publishing schedule of five volumes per month during the first half of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20654386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654386" title="Caramba!">
Caramba!

¡Caramba! is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan, released on the Blue Note label in 1968. It features performances by Morgan, Bennie Maupin, Cedar Walton, Reggie Workman and Billy Higgins with arrangements by Cal Massey.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3.5 stars stating "Although not essential, this CD is a welcome reissue."

</doc>
<doc id="20654394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654394" title="1976–77 Vancouver Canucks season">
1976–77 Vancouver Canucks season

The 1976–77 Vancouver Canucks season was the team's seventh in the NHL. The Canucks failed to reach the playoffs. Phil Maloney, the teams general manager and head coach, was replaced mid-season as head coach by Orland Kurtenbach, the first captain of the Canucks.
Off-season.
The Canucks made a complete change in the goal department for the 1976-77 season. On August 23, disgruntled Gary Smith was traded to Minnesota for veteran Cesare Maniago. Born and raised in Trail, Maniago became the first home-grown British Columbian to be a Canucks regular. In September, Ken Lockett signed as a free-agent with San Diego of the World Hockey Association. The back-up job was inherited by Curt Ridley. Both goalies would see plenty of rubber. The retirement of Andre Boudrias meant that the captaincy was available and Chris Oddleifson filled the vacancy.
Regular season.
Sophomore right-winger Rick Blight scored four goals in a 9-5 loss in Pittsburgh on opening night and continued to lead the team in scoring throughout the season, finishing with 68 points. The loss was a sign of things to come, as the Canucks won only five of their first 24 games. After a 5-4 home loss to Montreal on December 20, Phil Maloney decided that he needed more time to concentrate on his General Manager duties and called up ex-Canuck captain Orland Kurtenbach from Tulsa of the Central League to coach the remainder of the season. He started off with a 3-2 win in Los Angeles before winning only one of his next eight.
In the middle of that streak was a game that did not count but garnered considerable attention. The Canucks hosted the Soviet club Spartak Moscow on December 28 at the Pacific Coliseum.  Rick Blight scored twice and Curt Ridley picked up a shutout as the Canucks won 2-0 before a jubilant full house. On January 25 there was another special event at the Coliseum—the NHL All-Star Game. Harold Snepsts represented the Canucks in the mid-season classic, which was won 4-3 by the Wales Conference.
But the team stumbled along until March, perhaps partly due to the infrequent play of rugged defenseman Mike Robitaille, who was having back problems. Then in a February 11 game against Pittsburgh, which the Canucks won 3-2, Robitaille came out of the penalty box and was blind-sided by Penguins tough-guy Dennis Owchar. Robitaille suffered a spinal injury and never played again. He later sued the Canucks for forcing him to play hurt, misdiagnosing his injuries, and making slanderous comments about him (calling him a “head case” and a hypochondriac) and was awarded $540,000 by the Supreme Court of B.C. in 1978.
With 17 games to play, there seemed to be no hope of salvaging the season, as the Canucks trailed Chicago for the third and final Smythe Division playoff spot by 15 points. But Vancouver went 8-3-6, which included a 10-game unbeaten streak (5-0-5). Chicago, meanwhile, took a nose dive and went 3-13-1 to finish up. The Canucks won both key meetings with the Black Hawks during that stretch. Unfortunately, they had to come from too far behind and a 6-3 home loss to Colorado in game number 79 eliminated them from playoff contention. They then won 6-3 over Minnesota in the finale to finish with 63 points, causing them to miss the final playoff spot to the Hawks on a tiebreaker (26-25 in wins).
Besides Blight's fine season, Dennis Kearns upped his franchise record for defensemen to 55 assists and set a new record with
60 points. But Kearns was also often the victim of the Coliseum boo-birds for his apparent lack of physical play and a tendency to make bad gambles. In any event, it was apparent that the modest success of the previous couple of seasons had gone for naught and that it was once again back to the drawing board.
Draft picks.
Vancouver's picks at the 1976 NHL Entry Draft. The draft was at the NHL office in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20654427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654427" title="Akira Matsunaga (footballer born 1914)">
Akira Matsunaga (footballer born 1914)


</doc>
<doc id="20654429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654429" title="Chris Goodall">
Chris Goodall

Christopher Frank William Goodall (born 29 December 1955) is an English businessman and author. He is an alumnus of St Dunstan’s College, University of Cambridge, and Harvard Business School (MBA).
His début book "How to Live a Low-Carbon Life", won the 2007 Clarion award for non-fiction. His second book, "Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate", was first published in November 2008 by Profile Books. Goodall wrote "The Green Guide For Business", also published by Profile Books.
In November 2012, a new book - "Sustainability: All That Matters" - was published by Hodder.
Goodall was the Green Party parliamentary candidate for Oxford West and Abingdon in the 2010 general election.
On the issue of UK's energy mix, Goodall considers that nuclear power has a role in reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Goodall has said ""Including nuclear power in this mix will make a low-carbon and energy-secure future easier to achieve.""
He owns and operates the website "Carbon Commentary".
Goodall has also contributed a number of articles to the Guardian.

</doc>
<doc id="20654463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654463" title="William Hayes (Irish politician)">
William Hayes (Irish politician)

William Hayes was an Irish politician and farmer. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Limerick City–Limerick East constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He was re-elected unopposed as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin TD at the 1922 general election. He did not contest the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20654502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654502" title="G. Estabrook">
G. Estabrook

G. Estabrook is the pen name used by composer and singer Caroline Augusta "Gussie" Clowry (October 23, 1845 – April 18, 1897), whose opera "The Joust" was the first opera by an American woman to be published. With musical talent from an early age, "Gussie" had many songs published throughout her life, one of which "reached the extraordinary sale of over one million copies."
Biography.
Born on October 23, 1845, in Geneva, Wisconsin, she was the only daughter of General Experience Estabrook and Caroline Augusta Maxwell. She had one brother, Henry Dodge, who was nine years younger. In January 1855, General Experience Estabrook moved with his family to Omaha, Nebraska after being appointed United States Attorney by President Franklin Pierce. In 1860, at the age of 15, she met Colonel Robert Charles Clowry (b. Sept. 8, 1838; d. Feb. 26, 1925) of Chicago, the superintendent of the Missouri and Western Union Telegraph Company. They were wed five years later, on August 29, 1865, in Omaha, Nebraska. By 1879, the couple had moved to St. Louis before settling in Chicago. In 1882, the first production of "The Joust" was performed in her home town of Omaha, with her mother and brother both performing major roles. In 1885, the Chicago Music Company published the complete opera, making it the first opera by an American woman to be published. The opera, however, was written five years earlier when "Gussie" held a local contest for a story she could base an opera upon. Her younger brother, Henry, submitted the story of "The Joust" and won. For the 1882 production, Henry reworked the plot and largely changed the libretto. The work is, therefore, a joint effort between the two siblings.
By 1896, her health was fading, and so she spent a summer abroad in Europe with her mother and friends in the hopes that her health would recover. It did not, and she died in Lincoln, Nebraska, from apoplectic paralysis on April 18, 1897. She was survived by her husband, brother, and both parents.

</doc>
<doc id="20654509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654509" title="The Red Piano">
The Red Piano

The Red Piano Tour was a concert tour by English singer-songwriter Sir Elton John. The tour originated at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. The idea for the show originated in 2004 by Elton John and David LaChapelle.
Show.
"The Red Piano" was originally scheduled to be 75 shows over three years. John ended his residency at the Colosseum on 22 April 2009. The show was replaced by Cher's "Cher at the Colosseum" and Bette Midler's "The Showgirl Must Go On".
Residency Dates.
On 3 April 2004 John and his band performed two shows that evening. One at 7:30pm and one at 10:30pm.
Recordings.
The Red Piano was filmed and released to many major retailers. It was released as a single disc and a 2 DVD / 2 CD Package that was exclusive to Best Buy. The single disc features the concert only while the 4 disc set features the concert, a one-hour documentary, and the complete concert on two CD's.

</doc>
<doc id="20654511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654511" title="The Villages Charter Schools">
The Villages Charter Schools

The Villages Charter Schools (VCS) is a state-operated charter school in The Villages CDP in unincorporated Sumter County, Florida, United States.
Children are eligible to attend the charter school if one or both of their parents work for The Villages.
The school is located on several campuses. The Villages Early Childhood Center and the Primary Center, which houses Kindergarten through 1st Grade of The Villages Charter Elementary School, is located at 420 Village Campus Circle. The Intermediate Center, which houses 2nd Grade through 4th Grade of The Villages Charter Elementary School, is located at 521 Old School Road. The Villages Charter Middle School is located at 450 Village Campus Circle. The high school and the Central Administration are located at 251 Buffalo Trail.
History.
Sumter District Schools granted permission to create the charter school in September 1999. Groundbreaking began in October of that year. The elementary school opened in 2000. The dedication of the middle school was on August 30, 2001. In November of that year the early childhood program began. The Primary Center opened in August 2002. The original elementary building took grades 3 through 5, while the new building took Kindergarten through Grade 2. The groundbreaking ceremony for the high school took place in October 2002. The high school opened in August 2003.
School uniforms.
Students from Kindergarten through Grade 12 are required to wear school uniforms.
Enrollment.
Enrollment Guidelines: There are three groups of families whose children are eligible for enrollment in The Villages Charter School:
Although there are three designated "family units" within The Villages, students living in those areas do not automatically qualify for enrollment; they must meet one of the three criteria listed above.
The School verifies eligibility monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="20654550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654550" title="Taru (album)">
Taru (album)

Taru is an album recorded by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan, recorded in 1968, but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980. The album features performances by Morgan, Bennie Maupin, John Hicks, George Benson, Reggie Workman and Billy Higgins.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "His sextet (which includes Bennie Maupin on tenor, guitarist George Benson, pianist John Hicks, bassist Reggie Workman, and drummer Billy Higgins) is quite advanced for the period and inspires Morgan to some fiery and explorative playing.".

</doc>
<doc id="20654560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654560" title="Myrrh Records">
Myrrh Records

Myrrh Records, also known as Myrrh Worship, is a Christian music record label. According to "Encyclopedia of American Gospel Music", the label was instrumental in developing a popular following for Contemporary Christian music as the label that first published music by Barry McGuire, 2nd Chapter of Acts, Randy Matthews and Nancy Honeytree. The label is also known for serving as the first label for popular Christian crossover singer Amy Grant, who joined the label in 1977. 
The label has also published such artists as B.J. Thomas, Benny Hester, Billy Preston, The Choir, Cliff Richard, Crystal Lewis, Dakoda Motor Company, David and the Giants, GLAD, Jaci Velasquez, Malcolm and Alwyn, Mark Heard, Michael and Stormie Omartian, Mike Warnke, One Bad Pig, Petra, Phil Keaggy, Randy Stonehill, Richie Furay, Salvation Air Force, Sam Phillips (musician), Steve Archer, Steve Taylor and The 77s
The label began as Myrrh Records in 1972, but took a five year hiatus beginning in 2000 before being relaunched by parent company Word Entertainment under the name Myrrh Worship in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20654626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654626" title="I Am Suzanne">
I Am Suzanne

I Am Suzanne! is a 1933 American romance film involving puppeteers in Paris written by Edwin Justus Mayer, directed by Rowland V. Lee, and starring Lilian Harvey, Gene Raymond and Leslie Banks. The picture's puppetry sequences feature the Yale Puppeteers and Podrecca's Piccoli Theater. The Museum of Modern Art in New York City owns and periodically exhibits a 35mm print of the film while the Eastman House in Rochester, New York, archives a 16mm copy.
Reception.
The film was not a success at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="20654669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654669" title="Tokutaro Ukon">
Tokutaro Ukon


</doc>
<doc id="20654672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654672" title="The Fire Raisers">
The Fire Raisers

The Fire Raisers may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20654716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654716" title="Amanda Blair">
Amanda Blair

Amanda Blair (born 20 October 1968) is an Australian radio broadcaster, a former columnist with the "Sunday Mail", and a former member of the Social Inclusion Board, and has been a board member of the Adelaide Festival since 2004 She produced an event Comedy for a Cause as part of the Adelaide Fringe Festival in 2004, 2006 and 2008 which raised significant money for homeless charities.
She started her radio career in Melbourne in 1996 when she made an appearance on the "Richard Stubbs Breakfast Show" on Triple M to promote her book "The Essential Pauline Hanson". She was promptly signed with Austereo, gave writing the flick and packed her bags to come to Adelaide to co-host the breakfast show on SAFM with Paul Gale and James Brayshaw in March 1998. The show secured the no 1 position in the market by the end of that year and maintained it until the show imploded in July 2003. 
In 2007 after a three-year break from radio she began work at 5AA hosting the afternoon program. She resigned from 5AA on 23 May 2012 to spend more time with her family, with her last show being on 8 June
Blair is also a ruthless competitive cook and has come second in Novice Jam and Spreads (2) varieties (lemon butter and controversial yet stunning blood orange butter at the Royal Adelaide Show. 

</doc>
<doc id="20654729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654729" title="DVD43">
DVD43

DVD43 is a free DVD driver for 32 bit versions of Windows. As the user guide states, "DVD43 stands for "DVD For Free". It acts as a driver for optical drives, disabling zone and copy protection information. It assists in the creation of backup copies of DVDs one legally owns and the use of DVDs outside of the original region of release. It can also be used to copy CDs. In addition it allows upscaling of protected DVDs on analogue monitors under Windows Vista. This product does not directly rip, copy, or convert any media; only assisting other copy and conversion software.
It also allows DVDs to be played over a network, meaning that small media centre PCs without optical drives can use the DVD drive on a server.
For technical reasons DVD43 only operates as a driver for 32bit versions of Microsoft Windows, though it is supported as a plug-in for select programs operating on 64bit versions of Windows.

</doc>
<doc id="20654742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654742" title="Grisez Bustitako Egunak">
Grisez Bustitako Egunak

Grisez Bustitako Egunak is the third album by Eraso! and first with Metak for one of the most powerful bands on the Basque stage. Without abandoning the guitar power that characterizes them, maybe this is the most rock album by the band. They recorded the album under Mikel Kazalis (Anestesia, Negu Gorriak, Kuraia) observant eye in July, and they later mixed it in Garate Studios with Haritz Harreguy (Sen). The result equals power shown on a bunch of good songs where they mix their anger with catchy choruses, speed with more melodic moments. In the end, rock, metal, thrash…
Track listing.
+ Music Video: "Gertaerak"

</doc>
<doc id="20654767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654767" title="Bhel">
Bhel

Bhel or BHEL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20654778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654778" title="Ijegu">
Ijegu

Ijegu is a community in Yala Local Government Area of Cross River State, Nigeria. It is home of the Agi(s) (late Malachy Oga Agi, Sir Livinus Agi, Prof. Simon Peter Imaje Agi etc), late Prof. Oko, Barr. Iji and more. Both professors are of the University of Calabar. The people belongs to the Yala tribe and speaks Yala language. They are mostly farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="20654780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654780" title="Cities and towns of the South Island by population">
Cities and towns of the South Island by population

This is a list of cities and towns in the South Island of New Zealand by the size of their urban area.
The populations given in the table below are provisional New Zealand usually resident populations, June 2008 estimates, and refer to the entire main urban area unless otherwise stated.
Major Suburbs.
The following suburbs have a population of over 2,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20654783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654783" title="Don Cherry's Rock'Em Sock'em Hockey">
Don Cherry's Rock'Em Sock'em Hockey

"Don Cherry's Rock'em Sock'em Hockey" is a series of videos, starring noted hockey commentator Don Cherry. Each video features a compilation of NHL plays, goals, saves, bloopers, hits and fights, as well as highlights from Coach's Corner, and a recap of the year's Stanley Cup Playoffs. The venture is a family affair for Cherry. His son Tim, who runs Tim Cherry Enterprises, is the driving force behind the successful series.
The first "Rock'em Sock'em Hockey" video was released in 1989 and quickly became a huge success in the marketplace and has subsequently become the best selling sports video franchise in Canadian history. To date the franchise has sold over two million units and continues to be one of the highest selling sports videos during the holiday season.

</doc>
<doc id="20654798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654798" title="168th Engineer Brigade (United States)">
168th Engineer Brigade (United States)

The 168th Engineer Brigade is a Combat Engineer brigade of the United States Army based in Vicksburg, Mississippi. It is a part of the Mississippi Army National Guard.
It commands two subordinate battalions spread through Mississippi: the 223rd Engineer Battalion and the 890th Engineer Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="20654811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654811" title="The Book of Mercy">
The Book of Mercy

The Book of Mercy is the debut novel of the American writer Kathleen Cambor.
Narrated in alternate chapters by Edmund Mueller, an 83-year-old retired Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania firefighter, and his daughter, Anne, a 42-year-old psychiatrist and single mother, the novel weaves a family saga of two Catholic German-Americans.

</doc>
<doc id="20654830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654830" title="Knox v. Lee">
Knox v. Lee

Knox v. Lee, 79 U.S. 457 (1871), was an important case for its time where the Supreme Court of the United States reversed Hepburn v. Griswold (1870). The Court held that making paper money legal tender through the Legal Tender Act did not conflict with Article One of the United States Constitution.
Mrs. Lee was a loyal citizen of the United States whose flock of sheep was sold by the Confederate army as they considered Mrs. Lee an 'alien enemy'. Mr. Knox purchased the sheep from the Confederate army and Mrs. Lee brought suit for trespass and conversion. The Court instructed the jury that whatever amount they awarded could be paid with legal tender notes of the United States. Mr. Knox appealed, as he contended that this instruction was equivalent to telling the jury to add a premium for the discount of paper currency relative to specie.
The case Parker v. Davis was resolved in the same decision where Davis wished to compel specific performance requiring Parker to convey a lot to Davis in return for payment of money. The Court decreed that Davis should pay money into the Court and Parker was to execute a deed to Davis. Davis paid United States notes, but Parker refused to execute a deed, claiming that he was entitled to receive coin.

</doc>
<doc id="20654886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654886" title="Victorian Vikings">
Victorian Vikings

The Victorian Vikings are a field hockey team which participate in Australia's national field hockey league, the AHL. The team is made up of predominately amateurs who participle in the Victorian State League 1. Previous to being known as the Victorian Vikings, the Victorian team have been referred to Melbourne Redbacks, VIS Redbacks and Azuma Vikings. The team's home stadium is the Victorian State Netball and Hockey Centre.
Championships.
Since their inception in the inaugural 1991 season, the Vikings have won 2 championships; the fourth most of any club in the league. These two championships came in the 1996 and 1998 competitions. They came second in 1991 season and have finished in 3rd place on numerous occasions.
Stadium.
The team's home ground is the State Netball and Hockey Centre. which is located within a kilometer of the Melbourne CBD. The stadium has a capacity of about 4,500 with 1000 seats however capacity is expanded through temporary seating for big tournaments. The stadium was used for the 2006 Commonwealth games and will host the 2009 Champions league.
Women's Team.
Since the women's competition was included into the AHL in 1993, the Victorian Vipers have experienced varying levels of success. The solitary championship was won in 2003. Notable women in the team which have represented the Hockeyroos include Louise Dobson and Rachel Imison.

</doc>
<doc id="20654902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654902" title="In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden">
In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden

In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden is the second novel of the American writer Kathleen Cambor.
A historical novel, its plot is based on the Johnstown Flood of 1889, when more than 2,000 people drowned after the collapse of the South Fork Dam. It accurately portrays the historical figures of the South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club, the industrialists Henry Clay Frick, Andrew Mellon, and Andrew Carnegie, in their cameo roles. The novel features fictional characters, such as Frank Fallon, a steel mill foreman and American Civil War veteran; his son Daniel, a labor organizer; James Talbot, a lawyer hired for the club; and his daughter Nora, an amateur naturalist who believes that the dam, built to provide an Eden for the captains of industry, is likely to fail.
The novel was selected as a "New York Times" Notable Book of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20654915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654915" title="Kan Singh Parihar">
Kan Singh Parihar

Justice Kan Singh Parihar () (August 30, 1913 – October 28, 2011) was a judge of Rajasthan High Court and Vice-Chancellor of Jodhpur University.
Early life and education.
Parihar was born on August 30, 1913 on Janmastami in Soorsagar, Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India. When he was six years old his father Shri Chhog Singh JI Parihar died in 1919 and he was brought up by his mother Smt. Murli Devi JI.
Parihar had his primary education in Soorsagar. In year 1928 he joined Darbar High School. He completed his B.A. from Jaswant College, Jodhpur in 1933. He got his law (LL.B.) degree in 1936 from Banaras Hindu University.
Professional life.
In year 1936, he joined the bar at Jodhpur and joined a law practice with Sardar Shri Amolak Singh, a senior criminal lawyer. At the age of 23 he was the first lawyer from the all Kisan community of Marwar. In early 1938 he established his legal practice in Nagaur, Rajasthan. After practicing successfully at Nagaur for seven years, he joined Marwar State Judicial Service in 1944 as Hakim (Administrator). Subsequently he was appointed as Legal Remembrancer in the Marwar State’s Law Department at Jodhpur. While working on this position he drafted Marwar Tenancy Act. 1949 and Marwar Land Revenue Act. 1949. The Acts declared all tenants in cultivatory possession as Khatedars (Land owners).
In the newly created State of Rajasthan Parihar was appointed as a Legal Remembrancer in the Law Department of Rajasthan. In 1953 he was appointed Assistant Government Advocate and later in 1960 he was promoted to be the Government Advocate, Rajasthan High Court. He was elected unanimously president of Rajasthan Advocates Bar Association in 1962. In August 1964, he was elevated to the bench of the Rajasthan High Court where he served as justice for 11 years until his retirement in August 1975.
After his retirement, Parihar was offered the Chairmanship of National Tribunal at Jabalpur. He was also offered Chairmanship of Monopolies Trade Commission at New Delhi by the Prime Minister of India Indira Gandhi.
In 1977, he was appointed Chairman of Emergency Excesses Inquiry Commission by the Rajasthan Government and again in 1979 he was appointed Vice-Chancellor of Jodhpur University (now Jai Narain Vyas University).
Public life.
After retirement, Parihar worked with various social, educational and religious institutions in Jodhpur. Parihar has been patron and president of many organizations such as Lions Club of Jodhpur West (He was founder president of Lions Club Jodhpur 1967), Jodhana (Citizen’s Council of Jodhpur), Veer Durga Das Samiti, Bhartiya Vidhya Bhawan, Mental Hospital Jodhpur. He has also been associated with Than Chand Mehta Trust, Jagdish Singh Gehlot Research Institute, Gita Bhawan Jodhpur (He was president of Gita Bhawan for 17 years from 1975 to 1992), Vishva Sanskrit Pratisthan, Lord Shiva Temple at Umaid Park and Shiksha Prachar Sangh.
In August 1989, the citizens of Jodhpur organized a grand felicitation function to honor Parihar for his lifelong achievements and exemplary services to the society. The function was presided over by Gaj Singh Ji Maharaja of Jodhpur. Dr. L. M. Singhvi, former high commissioner to the United Kingdom and a jurist, was the chief guest. Parihar was bestowed with a title of “Vidhi Ratnaker” (The Jewel of Law) and a commemoration volume was published in his honor.
He was very flaunt in English, Sanskrit, Hindi, Marwari and some other languages, but he was always advocating for Marwari (Rajasthan) language since1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20654933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654933" title="Safvat as-safa">
Safvat as-safa

The Safvat as-safa (), also spelled Safvat al-safa or Safwat al-safa, is a hagiography of the Sufi shaykh Safi-ad-din Ardabili (1252–1334), founder of the Safaviya Sufi order.
Author.
The "Safvat as-safa" was written by Ebn Bazzaz () (d. 1391-2), a disciple of Safi ad-Din's son and successor, Sadr al-Dīn Mūsā, who prompted him to write the work. He probably completed it in 1358. Little else is known of his life.
Content.
The work is divided into an introduction, 12 chapters (باب), and a conclusion. Only two of the chapters (chapters 2 and 11) deal with the circumstances of his life. Most of the rest of the book recounts numerous episodes of the shaykh performing miraculous feats. The work also includes Shaykh Safi's commentaries on various passages of the Qur'an and hadith. The contents may be summarized as follows:
Safavid-era revisions.
Shaykh Safi ad-Din was a Sunni and an adherent of the Shafi`i school of law. In 1501 the Sufi order he founded became the ruling family in the Safavid empire, but they converted to Shi`ism while at the same time continuing their role as head of the order. Certain elements in the "Safvat as-safa", particularly Shaykh Safi's genealogy and his religious views, became inconsistent with the Safavid dynasty's self-image. Therefore in 1542, Shah Tahmasb commissioned Mir Abu al-Fat'h Husayni to revise the "Safvat as-safa" to give it an explicit Shi`i tone. This official version contains textual changes designed to obscure the Kurdish origins of the Safavid family and to vindicate their claim to descent from the Imams.
Editions.
There have been two published editions of the "Safvat as-Safa". The first was a lithographed edition prepared by Mirza Ahmad ibn Hajj Karim Tabrizi and published in Bombay in 1911. This has traditionally been the standard edition used by scholars, who call it the Bombay lithograph. The second published edition appeared in 1994 in Tehran, edited by Ghulam Reza Tabataba'i Majd. Since Majd based his edition on a larger set of manuscripts of better quality, it may become the new scholarly standard.

</doc>
<doc id="20654937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654937" title="Bill of credit">
Bill of credit

Bill of credit is a phrase from Article One, Section 10, Clause One of the United States Constitution. It refers to a document similar to a banknote that is issued by a government and designed to circulate as money. Because the framers of the Constitution sought to limit the issuance of currency, it explicitly prohibits the states from issuing bills of credit. The restriction of emitting bills of credit was extended to Congress as well, because the power to "emit bills and borrow money on credit" during the previous Articles of Confederation was struck out and revised in the Constitution to only "borrow money on the credit (Article I, section 8).
British colonies in North America would issue bills of credit in order to deal with fiscal crises, although doing so without receiving them as revenue in like amounts would increase the money supply, resulting in price inflation and a drop in value relative to the pound sterling. The documents would circulate as if they were currency, and colonial governments would accept them as payment for debts like taxes. They were not always considered legal tender for private debts.
Colonial decisions on the issuance of bills of credit were also frequently the subject of disputes between differing factions within the colony, and with royally appointed governors. Between 1690 and 1750 the matter was regularly debated in the Province of Massachusetts Bay, where merchants and lenders stood to lose value when new bills were issued, and borrowers stood to gain, because they could repay their debts with depreciated bills. The Massachusetts bills were finally retired in 1749 when the province received a large payment in coin for its financial contributions to the 1745 Siege of Louisbourg. The Province of New Jersey issued bills of credit beginning in the 1710s, but successfully managed to avoid significant inflationary effects.
During the American Revolutionary War the Continental Congress frequently issued bills. Because of inflation they rapidly declined in value, leading to the unfavorable comparison that something was "not worth a Continental".

</doc>
<doc id="20654947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654947" title="Beverly Hills Cop (video game)">
Beverly Hills Cop (video game)

Beverly Hills Cop is a game developed by Tynesoft and released in 1990, with a story loosely based on the first film from the "Beverly Hills Cop" series. The player takes control of Axel Foley, the main character of the series. There are four distinct sub games including a side-scrolling action game, a driving game, an overhead view shooter and a first person shooter. The game was released on Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum, BBC Micro, Amstrad CPC, Amiga, Atari ST, and PC. The BBC version only contains the driving game. 
Blast Entertainment released a "Beverly Hills Cop" game for the PlayStation 2 in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20654957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654957" title="Shoichi Nishimura">
Shoichi Nishimura


</doc>
<doc id="20654994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654994" title="Blank slate (disambiguation)">
Blank slate (disambiguation)

Blank slate is the epistemological thesis that individual human beings are born with no built-in mental content.
Blank slate may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20654996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20654996" title="Rick West">
Rick West

Rick D. West (born 1963) is a retired United States Navy sailor, who served as the 12th Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy (MCPON).
Early life and education.
West was born in 1963 in Rising Fawn, Georgia, and graduated from Northwest Georgia High School in Trenton, Georgia in 1981.
Career.
After graduating from high school, West immediately enlisted in the U.S. Navy. He received recruit training and Quartermaster (QM) training at Orlando, Florida, followed by Enlisted Submarine School at Naval Submarine Base New London (Groton, Connecticut). His first duty assignment was on board where he completed Submarine Qualifications (SS). Other assignments include , , Commander Naval Activities United Kingdom (COMNAVACTUK), (Blue), and Tactical Readiness Evaluation (TRE) team on COMSUBPAC Staff.
Leadership assignments.
West was then assigned as Chief of the Boat on board the San Diego-based Fast Attack Submarine , completing two Western Pacific deployments. The crew earned two Battle Efficiency "E" awards.
He then served as Command Master Chief at Commander, Submarine Squadron Eleven. Upon completion of his tour at COMSUBRON ELEVEN, he was selected as Force Master Chief (FORCM) and attended the Senior Enlisted Academy in Newport, Rhode Island.
West served as Force Master Chief, Submarine Force U.S. Pacific Fleet (COMSUBPAC), from January 2001 to January 2004.
West was then assigned to homeported in San Diego, where he completed a deployment to the Persian Gulf and qualified as Enlisted Surface Warfare Specialist (SW).
He was selected during his tour on the USS "Preble" to serve as United States Pacific Fleet, Fleet Master Chief, from February 2005 to June 2007. Since 2007, West had served as the 14th Fleet Master Chief for Commander, U.S. Fleet Forces Command, prior to his selection as MCPON beginning December 12, 2008.
On December 12, 2008, West accepted the passing of the ceremonial cutlass from outgoing MCPON Joe R. Campa. On September 28, 2012, he stepped down as MCPON and retired from the Navy after a three-decade career.

</doc>
<doc id="20655027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655027" title="Westlake, Daly City, California">
Westlake, Daly City, California

The Westlake District of Daly City, California, is one of the first post-World War II suburbs in the United States. Located just south of San Francisco, Westlake has frequently been compared to Levittown, New York, the first major large-scale postwar middle-class housing development in the U.S.
Developed by Henry Doelger, Westlake is notable for its monostylistic architecture, created by a core team of designers to encompass nearly every building in the development. For this reason, Westlake has become an icon for architectural blandness, exemplified by its endless rows of boxy houses, which were the inspiration for Malvina Reynolds’ folk song "Little Boxes," an anti-conformity anthem in the 1960s. 
Despite its detractors, Westlake has enjoyed considerable publicity over the course of its 60-year history. In the 1950s, the neighborhood’s architecturally innovative schools began appearing in national magazines such as "Life", "Architectural Forum", and "Fortune". In the 1970s, one national magazine named Westlake one of the ten best suburbs in America. In 2003, the "New York Times" ran an article about Henry Doelger and his impact on history, citing Westlake as one of his most iconic neighborhoods.

</doc>
<doc id="20655059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655059" title="Thompson v. City of Louisville">
Thompson v. City of Louisville

Thompson v. City of Louisville, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court unanimously held that it is a violation of due process to convict a person of an offense when there is no evidence of his guilt. It is one of the rare instances of the Supreme Court's granting "certiorari" to review a decision of a court so insignificant (the Police Court of Louisville, Kentucky) that state law does not provide any mechanism for appeals from its judgments. The case is sometimes referred to as the "'Shuffling Sam' case." 
Associate Justice Hugo Black delivered the opinion of the court.
Background.
As stated in the opinion of the Supreme Court, Sam Thompson went into the Liberty End Café in Louisville on a Saturday evening. Two policemen came into the café and observed Sam "out there on the floor dancing by himself." The officers accosted Thompson and asked him what he was doing, "and he said he was waiting on a bus." The officers then arrested him for loitering, and took him outside. Thompson remonstrated - he "was very argumentative - he argued with us back and forth, and so then we placed a disorderly conduct charge on him." That was the entire record that the prosecution put on at the trial, except for a record showing a total of 54 previous arrests.
Thompson's counsel unsuccessfully sought dismissal of the charges on the ground that a judgment of conviction on this record would deprive Thompson of property and liberty without due process of law under the Fourteenth Amendment in that there was no evidence to support findings of guilt.
Thompson then put in evidence that he was waiting for a bus to his home that was due in an hour or less, that was a regular customer at the café, and that he was not unwelcome in the café. There was no evidence that "anyone else in the café objected to [Sam's] shuffling his feet in rhythm with the music of the jukebox, or that his conduct was boisterous or offensive to anyone present."
The Police Court found Thompson guilty of both charges and fined him $20, $10 on each charge.
Procedural issues concerning appellate review.
Police court fines of less than $20 on a single charge are not appealable or otherwise reviewable in any other Kentucky court. Thompson's counsel therefore asked the police court to stay the judgments so that he might have an opportunity to apply for "certiorari" to the U.S. Supreme Court to review the due process contentions he raised. The police court suspended judgment for 24 hours, during which time a longer stay from the Kentucky Circuit Court was sought. That court, after examining the police court's judgment and transcript, granted a stay, concluding that "there appears to be merit" in the contention that "there is no evidence upon which conviction and sentence by the Police Court could be based." 
The city then sought to appeal, and the Kentucky Court of Appeals held that the Circuit Court lacked the power to grant the stay that it had granted, but the Court of Appeals "sua sponte" granted its own stay, because Thompson "appears to have a real question as to whether he has been denied due process under the Fourteenth Amendment of the Federal Constitution, yet this substantive right cannot be tested unless we grant him a stay of execution because his fines are not appealable and will be satisfied by being served in jail before he can prepare and file his petition for certiorari. Appellee's substantive right of due process is of no avail to him unless this court grants him the ancillary right whereby he may test same in the Supreme Court." The U.S. Supreme Court then granted "certiorari".
Opinion of the Court.
The Supreme Court reviewed the evidentiary record and found "no evidence whatever in the record to support these convictions." It then held that it is "a violation of due process to convict and punish a man without evidence of his guilt." The Supreme Court did not state whether the state's action violated procedural or substantive due process, but it is generally considered that the Court found a violation of substantive due process.

</doc>
<doc id="20655071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655071" title="James Wright (American football)">
James Wright (American football)

James Willie Wright (born September 1, 1956) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for seven seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and the Denver Broncos.

</doc>
<doc id="20655100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655100" title="Bill Walls">
Bill Walls

William Thomas Walls (December 8, 1914January 1, 1993) was a professional American football End in the National Football League. He played six seasons for the New York Giants (1937–39, 1941–43).

</doc>
<doc id="20655109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655109" title="J*Davey">
J*Davey

J*Davey (stylized as "J*DaVeY") is an American music duo from Los Angeles, CA. The group consists of female vocalist Jack Davey (real name Briana Cartwright) and male keyboardist/producer Brook D'Leau. The group had formed after being introduced by a mutual friend in high school.
Background.
Growing up in St. Louis, Cartwright was exposed to classic jazz and hints of late seventies jazz fusion before being introduced to the sound of the eighties with R&B and hip-hop. By the time she relocated to Los Angeles at the age of 8, Cartwright landed a spot in an all-girl singing group that signed to MCA Records. The group never released any material.
D'Leau was surrounded by new wave and pop-rock sounds by the way of Prince, Radiohead, Talking Heads and The Police. And at an early age, D'Leau began to create interestingly melodic instrumental tracks in his father's home studio after school and on the weekends for fun.
Many have compared the duo's make-up/relationship of artist and producer to Kelis and The Neptunes' electronic funk sound.
The group signed a record deal with Warner Bros. Records in 2007. Through the label, J*DaVeY released a compilation album of 2 EPs named "The Beauty In Distortion/Land Of The Lost". Soon after, the duo left Warner over a dispute concerning the label's demand to split the group.
Shortly after, the duo self-released two EPs: "Boudoir Synema: The Great Mistapes (Part 1)" (December 2009) and "Evil Christian Cop: The Great Mistapes (Part 2)" (February 2011). 
The group released their debut album "New Designer Drug" on November 22, 2011 under their self-managed label, iLLaV8r.
J*DaVeY's music has been licensed for episodes of the television drama, "" and a Snoop Dogg starred film, "Bossin' Up". J*DaVeY's songs have been played on various radio stations across cities within the US including Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, and Atlanta, as well as overseas by way of BBC Radio hosts Gilles Peterson, Benji B and Berry King. 
The duo have performed in sold-out venues at the House of Blues in Anaheim, CA and the Temple Bar in Santa Monica, CA. Prince invited J*DaVeY to open for him at his 3121 Club. and they also featured in the new the Bloody Beetroots album "Romborama" with Make Me Blank.
Jack Davey/ Cartwright is now working with Hollywood and SkeeTv music producer TH8A aka Joe Fabio of Blue Town Syndicate] for a solo project. She just released the single The Road to Hell.

</doc>
<doc id="20655125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655125" title="194th Engineer Brigade">
194th Engineer Brigade

The 194th Engineer Brigade (Theater Army) is a combat engineer brigade of the United States Army based at Jackson, Tennessee. It is a part of the Tennessee Army National Guard.
Background.
The 194th Engineer Brigade has 19 units throughout Middle and West Tennessee providing engineer support not only to the military but also to Tennessee State Parks. The 194th has two battalions and 4 separate engineer companies and a well drilling detachment that fall under it during peacetime operations. As part of the Tennessee Army National Guard, the 194th Engineer Brigade serves a dual purpose. Under state command, the Brigade may be used to provide assistance and support during natural disasters or quell civil disturbances. As a result, the Brigade must train to meet both Federal and State training requirements.
The mission of the 194th Engineer Brigade (Theater Army) is to command assigned and attached engineer units and coordinate the engineer construction activities with the appropriate command. The peace time mission of the 194th Engineer Brigade (TA), and all assigned units, is training to attain and maintain the highest state of readiness possible, and to provide equipment and manpower in emergencies as directed by the Military Department of Tennessee.
The unit was activated as an entity of the Tennessee Army National Guard on 1 November 1973. This occurred as a result of the major reorganization of the Tennessee Army National Guard, which deactivated the 30th Armored Division. The numerical designation was derived from a former Engineer unit of the Tennessee Army National Guard, the 194th Engineer Battalion, headquartered in Centerville, Tennessee. The National Guard's unique 194th Engineer Combat Battalion was formed specifically to take advantage of Oak Ridgers' mechanical and technical know-how.
This unit was organized under MTOE 5-111GNG01 with authorized strength of 31 Officers, 4 Warrant Officers, and 86 Enlisted pursuant to GO 60, Military Department of Tennessee, dated 15 October 1973. Federal Recognition was granted by GO 13, Military Department of Tennessee, dated 1 March 1974, effective 1 November 1973. The assigned strength on date of inspection of Federal Recognition was 27 Officers, five Warrant Officers and 77 Enlisted personnel. Colonel William R. Kinton, Jr. Assumed command per GO 1, Headquarters, 194th Engineer Brigade (Construction), 1 November 1973.
HHC, 194th Engineer Brigade (Corps), Nashville was reorganized under Orders 73-1, as a Theater Brigade, renaming it the 194th Engineer Brigade, with an authorized strength of 43 Officers, 5 Warrant Officers and 98 Enlisted personnel. The reorganization is under MTOE 05602LNGO1, NGO 188, 6 October 1986, effective 1 December 1987, commanded by BG Kenneth E. Wallace. On 1 January 1996, Headquarters, 194th Engineer Brigade relocated to Jackson, Tennessee.
In August 1998, detachments from Naval Mobile Construction Battalion (NMCB) 21, a reserve battalion from Lakehurst, New Jersey, helped renovate a hospital in Bulgaria. Seabees supported the exercise in two 30-person rotations. Active duty and reserve troops from the U.S. and Bulgarian Armed Forces helped renovate the dilapidated hospital, located in the picturesque city of Trun. It serves nearly 50 communities in western Bulgaria. The joint engineering exercise, Cornerstone `98, was led by the Tennessee Army National Guard's 194th Engineer Brigade. Air National Guard, active duty Seabees from NMCB-133, from Gulfport, Mississippi; NMCB-21 reserves from Delaware, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania; U.S. Air Force 52nd Civil Engineer Squadron specialists, from Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany; and Bulgarian Armed Forces engineering contributed their expertise. Support staff included medical personnel, a chaplain, a civil affairs group, a public affairs team and food service personnel. A base camp for the troops was set up in a former Ministry of Defense building in a nearby village. U.S. and Bulgarian troops mustered, worked, berthed and ate meals together there. The hospital was built in the early 1980s, but fell into disrepair after the end of the former communist government 20 years later. It was selected for renovation due to its compelling need for assistance, and because it provided an optimal training environment for the troops.
Some of the training highlights conducted by these peace time subordinate units during 1999 consisted of a BCST with the brigade's wartrace headquarters, 416th Engineer Command. In preparation for this exercise the brigade staff conducted the military decision making process (MDMP) after receiving the initial OPORDER brief from the higher headquarters. The 230th Engineer Battalion and the 775th Well Drilling Detachment conducted operations at the Western Kentucky training site. The 230th conducted horizontal en ops while the 775th conducted well drilling ops. The 212th Dump Truck Company conducted haul operations at Fort Knox in support of the 155th Engineer Company. The 230th Signal Battalion attended annual training at Camp Shelby, Mississippi in support of the 196th Field Artillery Battalion. The Battalion also supported units of the 80th Troop Command by installing digital secure voice telephones (DSVT). The DSVT allowed the units to maintain voice communications while conducting a unit BCST. C Company, 46th Engineer Battalion conducted horizontal and vertical operations at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. The vertical platoon built a shoot house that was worked on during IDT and finished during the at period. The horizontal platoons built a medical gravel pad. The 913th conducted road repairs in training areas and berm repair on range 46.
The various training highlights conducted by peace time subordinate units during 2000 are as follows. The headquarters of the 194th participated in a BCST with the 416th ENCOM. the 1169th Engineer Group and the 926th Engineer Group participated as subordinate units. The 194th staff completed the MDMP for this exercise with the OPORD brief to the subordinate units in January. The 194th also participated in a warfighter exercise with V Corps in Germany. The 230th Engineer Battalion and 775th Well Drilling Detachment participated in Task Force Grizzly in California. The 230th built roads, fences and culverts along the border and the 775th conducted well drilling operations. The fence was to deter drug trafficking and the roads to expedite arrest procedures. The 212th Dump Truck Company conducted haul operations at Ft Knox in support of the 155th Engineer Company. The 230th Signal Battalion conducted METL training with its subordinate units at Ft Bragg. C co/46th En Bn – the horizontal platoons were at the Western Kentucky training site. The vertical platoons participated in a JRTC rotation with the 46th Engineer Battalion at Ft Polk, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20655144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655144" title="Cliff Patton">
Cliff Patton

Cliff Patton (born July 29, 1924 in Clyde, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played guard for six seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Chicago Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="20655175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655175" title="Gull Petroleum">
Gull Petroleum

Gull Petroleum is a Perth, Western Australian based petroleum company, which retails fuel in Western Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20655191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655191" title="Lenoy Jones">
Lenoy Jones

Lenoy Jones (born September 9, 1974 in Marlin, Texas) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Houston Oilers, Tennessee Oilers, and Cleveland Browns.
Personal life.
He is married to LaJuana Jones and is the father of five boys:Lenoy, Jr., Landon, Lance, Lawyer, and recent arrival, Lane. Lenoy is a history teacher at Midway high school and football coach at Midway high school in Central Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20655192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655192" title="Legalitatea">
Legalitatea

Legalitatea was a weekly newspaper published in Bârlad, Romania. The newspaper, covering political, economic and literary topics, was first printed on December 16, 1882, at the G.V. Munteanu printing shop. The last number of the newspaper was printed on January 1, 1884.
The newspaper was published again on December 24, 1894 as a newspaper of the Conservative Party, the political director being Ion Vârgolici being the political director and Theodor Riga the editor in chief. An important contributor of the newspaper was conservator politician and diplomat Theodor Emandi. The newspaper appeared until November 22, 1895. 

</doc>
<doc id="20655201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655201" title="194th Brigade">
194th Brigade

194th Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20655204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655204" title="Malaysia Federal Route 206">
Malaysia Federal Route 206

Federal Route 206 or Jalan Batu Melintang-Kalai is a federal road in Kelantan, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 206 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20655207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655207" title="Wrecked">
Wrecked

Wrecked may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20655249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655249" title="Talk to Me (NYC)">
Talk to Me (NYC)

Talk To Me is a cultural phenomenon first observed in New York City. In 2002, Bill Wetzel and Liz Barry started hanging out in lawn chairs on New York City street corners with a sign that said "Talk To Me". What surprised many was that the couple appeared genuinely interested in the subjects that were addressed and that there was no ulterior motive to their project.
Wetzel came up with the idea for this project in February 2002 out of the desire to get to know a stranger. The duo spent more than three years in various New York City neighborhoods with their sign. They worked small jobs, and lived in part on an anonymous donation who provided them with one year's worth of their daily stipend, $7. They also hosted a Talk Party in Bryant Park where they shared their experiences. 
In 2005, Barry and Wetzel spent thirteen months biking from New York to San Francisco, pausing en route with their sign and leaving from New York with only $2,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20655266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655266" title="Perpetuelle">
Perpetuelle

Perpetuelle.com is a social networking website for watch owners, collectors and enthusiasts launched into beta in fall of 2008. Perpetuelle.com is named after the world's first self-winding (automatic) watch, the "perpetuelle", invented in 1770 by Abraham-Louis Perrelet for pocket watches but perfected in the late 18th century by famous watchmaker Breguet. Perpetuelle.com was favorably reviewed by iW (International Watch) magazine, the leading monthly magazine for watch aficionados (monthly circulation 63,000), in its December 2008 issue.
Features.
The core of Perpetuelle.com are the watch forums, including general and brand-specific forums. Participation in the Perpetuelle.com community is free, and the site’s easy-to-use, image- and video-friendly watch forums are fully viewable without having to login or register for the site. Perpetuelle.com is the only online watch community with video capabilities fully integrated into its forums. But, Perpetuelle is more than just a forum on watches. Perpetuelle"s Watch Library features a collection of watches from various watch brands and their technical specifications. In addition, all registered Members are granted unrestricted access to their very own set of features – available exclusively at Perpetuelle.com – including:
These features – developed specifically for watch owners, collectors & enthusiasts – are all fully integrated into the site’s brand and theme-specific discussion watch forums. Perpetuelle.com also features a dedicated “Watch Reviews” section where Members can add their own watch reviews as well as rate and comment on watch reviews posted by other Members

</doc>
<doc id="20655270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655270" title="Amor, Luz y Sonido Tour">
Amor, Luz y Sonido Tour

The Amor, Luz y Sonido Tour () is the second solo concert tour by Mexican pop and rock singer Paulina Rubio . The tour began in February 2007 in support of her eighth solo album "Ananda".

</doc>
<doc id="20655286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655286" title="The Grouch">
The Grouch

The Grouch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20655303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655303" title="Dale Murray (musician)">
Dale Murray (musician)

Dale Murray is a Canadian singer-songwriter and musician. He is a guitarist and vocalist for the indie rock band Cuff the Duke, and releases solo material under his own name.
Biography.
Murray resides in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, and is the nephew of Anne Murray.
In the late 1990s Murray and Ruth Minnikin formed The Guthries. They released two albums, "Off Windmill" in 2000, and the self-titled "The Guthries" in 2002. The band toured extensively throughout Canada and the UK. Following the release of their second album, the band members each began pursuing solo projects, and have not released another Guthries album.
Murray released his first solo album, "Brighter Lives, Darker Side", in 2005.
In 2005, Murray, Nathan Lawr, Ryan Bishops, Ruth Minnikin and Kate Maki participated in two national concert tours, A Midautumn Night's Dream and A Midwinter Night's Dream, which were reportedly inspired by Bob Dylan's Rolling Thunder Revue. The five musicians also recorded limited edition albums for sale on each tour.
In late 2005, Murray became a member of Cuff the Duke. In 2008, Murray toured extensively with Cuff the Duke acting as Hayden's backing band.
Discography.
Murray has played on many records as session musician or guest artist. The following records are those on which he is credited as a fully contributing band member or composer.

</doc>
<doc id="20655304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655304" title="BRL-50481">
BRL-50481

BRL-50481 is a drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline which is the first compound that acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor selective for the PDE7 subtype. It has been shown to increase mineralisation activity in osteoblasts, suggesting a potential role for PDE7 inhibitors in the treatment of osteoporosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20655307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655307" title="Goer">
Goer

Goer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20655323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655323" title="Yangtse Evening Post">
Yangtse Evening Post

The Yangtse Evening Post is a Chinese Language newspaper published from Nanjing, China. It is one of world's most circulated newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="20655352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655352" title="I Had Seen Castles">
I Had Seen Castles

I Had Seen Castles is a novella for young adults by the American writer and Newbery Medalist Cynthia Rylant.
It is a story about a young American named John Dante who enthusiastically enlists in 1942 but soon comes to understand the horrors of war.
It is an anti-war novel. It has been controversial in some schools due to its graphic portrayal of sex. 

</doc>
<doc id="20655356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655356" title="Progresul (newspaper)">
Progresul (newspaper)

Progresul was a weekly newspaper published in Bârlad, Romania. The newspaper was first printed on November 9, 1883, at the G.V. Munteanu printing shop. Though claiming to support the Liberal Party, the newspaper published mostly cultural articles, contributed by the professors of the Gheorghe Roşca Codreanu High School. The newspaper also supported the Nathalie Drouhet Girls' Boarding School of Bârlad. The last number of the newspaper was printed on January 1, 1884. 

</doc>
<doc id="20655366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655366" title="Coxs Creek (Belfield, New South Wales)">
Coxs Creek (Belfield, New South Wales)

Coxs Creek, a watercourse of the Cooks River catchment, is located in the Inner West of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features.
Coxs Creek rises northeast of Punchbowl railway station and flows generally north northeast, before reaching its confluence with the Cooks River, at Strathfield South. Over time the creek has been extensively modified and is now largely a storm drain that flows about . Prior to development of the area the creek drained paperbark swamps that were formerly near the junction of Roberts Road and Juno Parade. Over time the creek has been extensively modified and rerouted. As with most drainage channels in the area it has been lined along much of its length. Coxs Creek drains a total catchment of .
The creek begins as a stormwater drain, then runs in the open through the Coxs Creek Wetland, a reserve containing significant remnant bushland including some Cooks River Castlereagh Ironbark Forest habitat. Including tree specimens of mugga ironbark ("Eucalyptus sideroxylon"), narrow-leaved ironbark ("E. crebra"), broad-leaved ironbark ("E. fibrosa"), and tallowwood ("E. microcorys"). The forest habitat is noted as an endangered ecological community. "Acacia pubescens" (Downy Wattle) is a vulnerable flora species present as is the locally endangered Tadgell’s Bluebell ("Wahlenbergia multicaulis"). The endangered Green and Golden Bell Frog ("Litoria aurea") has been recorded and frog ponds constructed as part of the creek. The frog has not been sited in the creek since 1995, though they are still present in the nearby constructed wetlands at the Juno Parade Brick Pit.
In 2005 Sydney Ports Corporation proposed works including fauna corridors and "frog ramps" to encourage their return. Along much of its length the creek is a combination of covered channel and an uncovered concrete lined trench. As the creek passes through the reserve it is open and the 2010 management plan calls for restoration of this part of the creek and the adjacent riparian zone.

</doc>
<doc id="20655373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655373" title="Blackbelly triggerfish">
Blackbelly triggerfish

The blackbelly triggerfish, "Rhinecanthus verrucosus", is a ray-finned fish in the family Balistidae found in the west Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It is sometimes known as the blackpatch triggerfish.
Description.
The blackbelly triggerfish has a laterally compressed, deep body and a long snout. In shape it is rhomboidal and it grows to a maximum length of . The mouth is at the tip of the snout and the eye is set high on a long, straight forehead. The upper half of the body is pale brown and the underparts are white. There is a dark brown streak below the eye and a very large black spot on the underside just anterior to the anal fin. There are three short rows of forward pointing spines on the caudal peduncle. The anterior part of the dorsal fin consists of three spines which can be retracted into a groove and the separate posterior part has 23–26 soft rays. The anal fin is very much the same shape as the posterior dorsal fin and has 21–23 soft rays. The pectoral fin has 13–14 rays. The pelvic fin is covered by a flap of skin except for its extreme tip.
Distribution.
The blackbelly triggerfish is found in shallow areas of the west Indo-Pacific. The range includes the Seychelles, the Chagos Islands, Japan, Vanuatu, and western Australia. In 1995, this species was sighted near Boca Raton, Florida.
Habitat.
The blackbelly triggerfish is a territorial species and defends its territory against other triggerfish including the lagoon triggerfish ("Rhinecanthus aculeatus"). Its habitat is lagoons and reef flats where it favours areas with seaweed, corals, seagrasses, sandy flats, and stony places. It may move from place to place according to the status of the tide.

</doc>
<doc id="20655380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655380" title="Xanthichthys mento">
Xanthichthys mento

Xanthichthys mento is a Triggerfish from the Western Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 29 cm in length. 

</doc>
<doc id="20655401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655401" title="Church of Caucasian Albania">
Church of Caucasian Albania

The Albanian Apostolic Church or the Church of Caucasian Albania was an ancient independent autocephalous church. It later fell under the religious jurisdiction of the Armenian Apostolic Church that existed from the 5th century to 1830 and was centered in Caucasian Albania, a region mostly located in present day Azerbaijan. It was one of the earliest national Christian churches.
In the early 8th century, the church tried to break away from the Armenian Church and embrace Chalcedonianism, but this attempt was foiled by the Armenians with the help of the Arabs.
In medieval times, the monastery of Gandzasar served as the See of the Caucasian Albanian Catholicosate of the Armenian Apostolic Church, which continued to exist until 1828 (or 1836) when it was formally abolished by the Russian authorities.
Background.
According to Strabo, who travelled to the region in the 1st century BC, the local tribes practised polytheism. Among the worshipped deities, Strabo names the gods of the sun, the sky, and above of all, the moon, and equates them to the Greek gods Helios, Zeus, and Selene respectively. The skeleton of a human bound in fetters found in 1950, during the archeological excavations in Mingachevir, indicates that the ancestors of Caucasian Albanians practiced human sacrifice.
Origins of Christian in Caucasian Albania.
According to a local tradition, Christianity entered Caucasian Albania in the 1st century through St. Elisæus, a disciple of St. Thaddeus of Edessa. St. Elisæus was ordained bishop by James the Just in Jerusalem, and travelled eastward through Persia to preach Christianity in the land of the Maskout, one of the Caucasian Albanian tribes (hypothetically related to the ancient Massagetae of Central Asia). From there he travelled to Utiķ, to the city of Saharn, but was chased from there by the pagans. After this he arrived at a place called Gis where he built a church - the first in the Caucasus, today commonly believed to be the Church of Kish north of Shaki, Azerbaijan. The church founded by St. Elisæus was regarded by Caucasian Albanians as their "mother-church" that laid the foundation of institutionalised Christianity in the kingdom. 
On his way through the Zerguni Valley, St. Elisæus was martyred, and his remains were buried in a place named Homenķ. They were later exhumed and reburied in the Jrvshtik Monastery (in the present-day Tartar Rayon, Azerbaijan).
St. Bartholomew.
According to the 6th-century archbishop and historian St. Sophronius of Cyprus, in 71, St. Bartholomew the Apostle was preaching Christianity in the city of Albana or Albanopolis, associated with present-day Baku or Derbent, both located by the Caspian Sea. St. Bartholomew managed to convert even members of the local royal family who had worshipped the idol Astaroth, but was later martyred by being flayed alive and crucified head down on orders from the pagan king Astyages. The remains of St. Bartholomew were secretly transferred to Mesopotamia. At the beginning of the 19th century, when the Russian Orthodox Church had established itself in the South Caucasus, a chapel was built at the site of an old Caucasian Albanian church in Baku, by the Maiden Tower believed to be the place of St. Bartholomew's martyrdom. The chapel was demolished in the Soviet times, in 1936, in the heat of the Bolshevik campaign against religion.
History of the Church.
Initial Spread of Christianity in Caucasian Albania.
Shortly after Armenia adopted Christianity as its state religion (301/314 AD), the Caucasian Albanian King Urnayr went to the See of the Armenian Apostolic Church to receive baptism from St. Gregory the Illuminator, the founder and first Catholicos of Armenia. According to historian Igor Kuznetsov, this established the Armenian Apostolic Church's notion of its superiority to the Church of Caucasian Albania. However Caucasian Albanians, in contrast, may have believed in the seniority of their church due to the role of St. Elisæus who according to the tradition presented by Movses Kaghankatvatsi built a church on their lands "earlier than in Armenia." Indeed, The Udis who resided on the territory of the Caspian sea shore, later accepted Christianity and spread this religion in the Caucasus Albania. The church of Kish in Shaki district - the first Christian church -was considered the forefather of the Christian churches.
After Urnayr's death, the Caucasian Albanians requested that St. Gregory's grandson, St. Gregoris, lead their church. St. Gregoris had been ordained bishop of Caucasian Albania and Iberia at age 15 and travelled through those lands preaching Christianity. He built Caucasian Albania's third known church in the city of Tsri, in Utiķ. During his stay in the land of the Maskout in northeast Caucasian Albania, St. Gregoris was attacked by an angry mob of idol worshippers, tied to a horse and dismembered. His remains were buried near the Amaras Monastery (presently in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan) built by his grandfather in the Albanian province of Haband.
In probably the early 5th century, a local bishop by the name of Jeremy translated the Holy Bible into the language of the Caucasian Albanians, i.e. the Old Udi language. The earliest extant excerpts of translations of parts of the Bible into Old Udi come from the 7th century, and were based mostly upon Armenian translations. These translations were commissioned probably by King Javanshir.
Struggle with Persian Zoroastrianism.
According to the 5th century Armenian historian Yeghishe Vardapet, in the year 450 the Sassanid King of Persia King Yazdegerd II ordered the highest nobles in Caucasian Albania, Armenia, and Georgia to come to his capital in Ctesiphon for the purpose of compelling their conversion to Zoroastrianism. Prior to going, representatives from all three nations vowed to each other that they would never relinquish their faith. Although while in Ctesiphon the nobles relented, were showered with gifts, and sent back to their lands accompanied by Zoroastrian priests in order to establish the religion in their respective nations, upon returning home these nobles were spurred by popular sentiment to hold more firmly to their Christian faith and rebel against King Yazdegerd II under the leadership of Armenian General Vardan Mamikonyan. The united Christian nations of Caucasian Albania, Armenia, and Georgia lost at the Battle of Avarayr in 451; however, to some degree at least part of the Caucasian Albanian nation has remained Christian even through modern times.
In the mid-5th century, under King Vache II, Caucasian Albania shortly adopted Zoroastrianism due to Persian influence. The return to Christianity resulted in a war between Persia and Caucasian Albania, during which Vache II lost his heir. Neither side won; eventually Peroz I, the King of Persia from 457 to 484, offered Vache II peace and the right to remain a Christian, but only if Vache would allow his mother and wife, who were both Persian and Zoroastrian by birth, to return to their homeland. Vache complied, and lived the rest of his life in solitude.
Golden Age.
Christianity reached its golden age in the late 5th century under Vachagan the Pious (ruled 487–510), who launched a campaign against idol worship and witchcraft in Caucasian Albania and discouraged Zoroastrianism. Those who propagated idol worship were physically punished, enslaved or ostrasised. King Vachagan would personally arrange for their children to be taken to schools and raised Christian. He took an active part in Christianising Caucasian Albanians and appointing clergy to monasteries throughout his kingdom. On his orders, the site of St. Gregoris' burial was discovered and venerated.
In 488, King Vachagan convoked the Council of Aghuen in his summer residence near present-day Aghdara. During the council, a twenty-one paragraph codex was adopted formalising and regulating the important aspects of the Church's structure, functions, relationship with the state, and legal status.
Proselytism among the Huns.
In the 6th century AD the Huns had established themselves in the North Caucasus, in what is now Dagestan. At the time of Javanshir's rule (635–669), they maintained friendly relations with Caucasian Albania. Javanshir's assassination in 669 provoked the Huns to launch raids into the country in retaliation for their ally's death. The new ruler Varaz-Tiridates I, who was Javanshir's nephew, delegated Israel, Bishop of Mets Kolmanķ, to persuade the Hunnic ruler Alp Iluetuer to put an end to military actions, as the people of Caucasian Albania could not be held responsible for a deed committed "by the hand of one treacherous and vile man." During his stay in the land of Huns in 681—682, Israel condemned their pagan beliefs and practices, and preached Christianity. His converts offered him to establish and lead a patriarchate there through a special request sent by Alp Iluetuer to Eliezer, Catholicos of Caucasian Albania. The request was turned down due to Israel already having been assigned a congregation in Mets Kolmanķ. Despite Israel maintaining further contact with the Huns, Christianity probably did not survive among the latter for long.
Decline of the Church.
After the overthrow of Nerses in 705, the Caucasian Albanian elite decided to reestablish the tradition of having their Catholicoi ordained through the Patriarch of Armenia, as was the case before 590. This event is generally regarded as the abolition of the Church of Caucasian Albania through the loss of its autocephaly, and the lowering of its hierarchical status to that of a subordinate body within Armenian Apostolic Church.
The Arab conquest and the Chalcedonian crisis led to severe disintegration of the Church of Caucasian Albania. Starting from the 8th century, much of the local population underwent mass Islamization. By the 11th century there already were prominent mosques in Partav, Chabala, and Shaki, cities that had been centers of Caucasian Albanian Christianity. Caucasian Albanians that converted to Islam were over time assimilated into the Azeri, Iranian, Lezgian, and Tsakhur ethnic groups, whereas those that remained Christian were gradually absorbed by Armenians or continued to exist on their own and be known as the Udi people.
The Caucasian Albanian tribes of Hereti (the former country's northern province that was temporarily independent from the 9th to the 11th centuries as a self-proclaimed successor of Caucasian Albania) were converted to Eastern Orthodoxy by Dinar, Queen of Hereti in the 10th century. The religious affairs of this small principality were now officially administered by the Georgian Orthodox Church. In 1010, Hereti became absorbed into the neighbouring Georgian kingdom of Kakheti. Eventually in the early 12th century, these lands became part of the Georgian Kingdom under David the Builder finalizing the process of their Georgianization.
Caucasian Albanian Catholicate.
The Caucasian Albanian or Gandzasar Catholicate of the Armenian Apostolic Church continued to exist well into the 19th century as a separate diocese of that church. There were attempts to restore the autocephaly of the Church of Caucasian Albania in the mid-10th century, but they were suppressed by the Armenian clergy with the support of King Ashot III. After the transfer of the seat of the Armenian patriarch to Rumkale, Cilicia, in the 12th century, the Caucasian Albanian bishops no longer appealed to the former to ordain their Catholicoi. The original order was restored in 1634 after the seat of the Armenian patriarch returned to Ejmiatsin. The See of the Caucasian Albanian Catholicate remained in Partav for a while. Around 1213, it was transferred to the Khamshi Monastery south of Gadabay. Beginning in 1240, the Gandzasar Monastery grew increasingly in importance, and in the 15th century it became the seat of the Caucasian Albanian Catholicos. From that period on, the Catholicoi also were members of the household of the Armenian princely family of Gandzasar, the House of Hasan-Jalalyan.
In addition to the former jurisdiction of the Church of Caucasian Albania, the Catholicate maintained control over the Armenian diocese in the Golden Horde in the 13th and 14th centuries, centered in its capital city of Sarai. In the mid-18th century, the religious life of the Armenian community of Astrakhan was also supervised by the Caucasian Albanian Catholicate. Beginning in the early 18th century, the Hasan-Jalalyans actively contributed to the Russian conquest of the South Caucasus. In 1815, two years after the Russian conquest of the Karabakh khanate, the office of the Caucasian Albanian Catholicate was abolished, and its head replaced by a metropolitan bishop. In 1836, under the decree of Nicholas I which regulated the status of the Armenian Apostolic Church within the Russian Empire, the office of the Caucasian Albanian Metropolitan Bishop was abolished completely. Its jurisdictions were subordinated directly to the Armenian Apostolic Church as the Dioceses of Artsakh and Shamakhy, as well as the Vicariate of Ganja within the Armenian Church's Tbilisi Consistory.
Modern Caucasian Albanian-Udi Church.
In 2003, the Caucasian Albanian-Udi Christian Community based in Nij, Azerbaijan was registered in the Azerbaijan State Committee for Religious Organizations. An estimated 6,000 out of the 10,000 Udis worldwide live in Azerbaijan, including 4,400 in Nij.
Legacy.
In the last chapter of book two, Movses Kaghankatvatsi lists monasteries that were established by Caucasian Albanians in Jerusalem.
As a result of the ongoing Armenian-Azerbaijani military confrontation, the Armenian Apostolic Church has not had official representation in Azerbaijan outside Nagorno-Karabakh since the early 1990s. Even as late as 1997, the churches in Udi-populated locales were still closed as a result of the Bolshevik anti-religious campaign of the 1930s.
Structure of the Church.
Theology.
The Church of Caucasian Albania was represented in the early œcumenical councils but similarly to a number of other Oriental Orthodox churches, it generally did not accept the Chalcedonian Creed (a doctrine condemning monophysitism and propagating the dual nature of Jesus Christ) adopted at the Fourth Ecumenical Council of Chalcedon in 451, viewing it as a return to Nestorianism. In 491, Caucasian Albanian bishops, along with Armenian Catholicos Babgen I and Georgian bishops at Vagharshapat, condemned the Chalcedonian creed. Later synods held at Dvin in 527 and 551 also condemned the Council of Chalcedon.
At the First Council of Dvin held in 506, the Caucasian Albanian, Armenian, and Georgian churches all declared doctrinal unity with each other, and also possibly with the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches as well. Specifically, at this council the Church of Caucasian Albania rejected both Nestorianim and the legitimacy and beliefs of the Fourth Ecumenical Council of Chalcedon. As of the late 6th century, both Nestorian and Chalcedonian beliefs were popular enough in Caucasian Albania to provoke a letter of concern, dated sometime between the years 568 and 571, from Armenian Catholicos Hovhannes addressed to Bishop Vrtanes and Prince Mihr-Artashir of Syunik province. Around the same time, representatives of the Eastern Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem were actively promoting Chalcedonian beliefs in Caucasian Albania. Indeed, it is likely that because of such advocacy and possible coercive pressure, dioceses of the Church of Caucasian Albania located in Jerusalem had already accepted Chalcedonian beliefs and had begun promoting them back home. By probably the first decade of the 7th century, though, the Church of Caucasian Albania had already come back into communion with the Armenian Apostolic Church as a fellow non-Chalcedonian Oriental Orthodox Church.
In the late 7th century, Catholicos Nerses attempted to install the Chalcedonian rite in Caucasian Albania. According to Kaghankatvatsi, Nerses was the Bishop of Gardman who adhered to diophysitism, as did the queen-consort of Caucasian Albania, Spram, the wife of Varaz-Tiridates I. In 688, with Spram's help, Nerses managed to be appointed as Patriarch, planning to bring the country under the Chalcedonian creed. Many members of the ruling class and clergy accepted his ideas, whereas those that remained loyal to the original teachings of the Church (including Israel, Bishop of Mets Kolmanķ), became subject to repression. The growth of diophysitism was contrary to the interests of the Arabs who had taken over most of the Caucasus by the early 8th century, because diophysitism was regarded as Greek in essence and thus associated with territorial aspirations of the Byzantine Empire. In 705, the anti-Chalcedonian clergy of Caucasian Albania convoked a council and anathematised Nerses and his supporters. Elias, Catholicos of Armenia, followed up by writing a letter to Caliph Abd al-Malik notifying him of the political threat that Chalcedonianism was posing to the region. Abd al-Malik arranged for the arrest of Nerses and Spram, who were then bound in fetters and exiled.
In light of the fact that leaders of the modern Caucasian Albanian Church are considering sending potential clergy to study in Russia, its future may be with Eastern Orthodox Christianity.
Liturgy.
The liturgical language of the Church was likely one of the local tribal tongues, most likely Gargarian or Caucasian Albanian, which likely were in fact the same language. Caucasian Albania was mentioned by Movses Kaghankatvatsi as having its own literary tradition starting from the 5th century. In his letter to Persian Christians in 506, Babgen I, Catholicos of Armenia, stated that all three churches of the Caucasus were ideologically united despite each having its own language. That Caucasian Albanians probably used their own national language as a liturgical language in their church is suggested by a bilingual Georgian-Old Udi palimpsest manuscript dating back to no later than the 7th century that was discovered in 1997 in Saint Catherine's Monastery in Egypt by Georgian historian Zaza Aleksidze. Towards the abolition of the Church's autocephaly, it was increasingly becoming linguistically Armenised. Among the factors that might have contributed to that are constant raids of the Khazars and the "lawless" who burned churches and with them much of Caucasian Albanian religious literature. In 1898–1902, for the first time since 705, the Gospels were translated by Simon Bezhanov of Vartashen into the Udi language, a direct descendant of one of the tribal languages of Caucasian Albania.
Hierarchy.
The archbishop was considered the head of the Church of Caucasian Albania, and he had traditionally been ordained by the Armenian Catholicos until 590, when Caucasian Albania proclaimed its own locally ordained patriarchy. In general, the seat of the Catholicos was passed down from uncle to nephew. This continued until the abolition of the Church's autocephaly in 706. The city of Chola (possibly present-day Derbent, Russia) had originally been chosen to be the See of the Church of Caucasian Albania. However in 551, due to plundering raids of Khazars on Caucasian Albania, the seat of the archbishop was transferred to Partav.
In various sources, the dioceses of Partav, Amaras, Syuniķ (temporary transferred over from the Armenian Apostolic Church in 590), Utiķ, Balasakan, Gardman, Shaki, Kabalaka, Hasho, and Kolmanķ are listed as dioceses of the Church of Caucasian Albania.
List of Caucasian Albanian Catholicoi.
Lineage was established by St. Elisæus the Apostle also known as Yeghishe (dies c. 79) and considered the father of the Church of Caucasian Albania. Lineage continued with St. Grigoris, the grandson of Gregory the Illuminator. Grigoris was invited by Albanian king Urnayr to sit on the throne and continued to rule until 343 AD. Urnayr had converted into Christianity in the hands of Gregory the Illuminator.
Lineage continued until 1836 when it was abolished by the Russian authorities and the position of metropolitan established from that date on.

</doc>
<doc id="20655405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655405" title="Louis de Gramont">
Louis de Gramont

Louis Ferdinand de Gramont (1855 – 9 December 1912) was a French journalist, dramatist, and librettist. He was a son of Ferdinand de Gramont.
Gramont was born in Sèvres and finished his studies at the college there, then entered the School of Law. He pursued journalism and wrote for such periodicals as "Radical", "L'Éclair", "La Presse", "Petit bleu", "L'Aurore", and "La Cocarde", and, in 1890, became a writer for "L'Intransigent". He was also critic of drama and music. Gramont died in Paris in 1912.
He wrote following plays or opera libretti:

</doc>
<doc id="20655417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655417" title="Xanthichthys caeruleolineatus">
Xanthichthys caeruleolineatus

Xanthichthys caeruleolineatus is a Triggerfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 35 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20655431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655431" title="Xanthichthys ringens">
Xanthichthys ringens

Xanthichthys ringens is a Triggerfish from the Western Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20655438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655438" title="Mauricio Romero Alvizu">
Mauricio Romero Alvizu

Mauricio Romero Alvisu (born February 2, 1983 in León, Guanajuato) is a Mexican footballer currently playing for Chiapas F.C.. 
Career.
Romero has played for several teams including Monarcas Morelia, Tigres UANL, Querétaro F.C., Atlante F.C. and Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz. He is well known for his outstanding performance in the Primera Division A with giants as Club Necaxa and Club Leon having scored more than 40 goals in just 4 tournaments.
Romero led Veracruz to the 2010 Primera A playoffs, but missed out on the final match against Club Tijuana through injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20655445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655445" title="Bohuš Keler">
Bohuš Keler

Bohuslav "Bohuš" Keler (born 8 September 1961 in Karviná) is a Czech football manager and former player who played during most of his career for FC Vítkovice.
Club career.
Keler played in 113 Czechoslovak First League matches for FC Vítkovice. In the 1985/1986 season he won the Czechoslovak First League with Vítkovice. Keler also had a spell with Le Havre AC in French Ligue 2. Keler scored twice in 17 matches during the inaugural season of the Gambrinus liga, where he played for FC Vítkovice.
Management career.
In 2011 he was announced as the new coach of MFK Havířov.

</doc>
<doc id="20655449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655449" title="Alberto Pestalozza">
Alberto Pestalozza

Alberto Pestalozza (1858–8 June 1934) composed (with Carlo Tiochet) and published a popular Italian song, "Ciribiribin", in 1898.
Born and died in Turin.

</doc>
<doc id="20655457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655457" title="Rush Walker Taylor, Jr.">
Rush Walker Taylor, Jr.

Rush Walker Taylor, Jr. (born November 3, 1934) is a U.S. diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Togo. He was appointed to that position on April 28, 1988; and left his post on September 4, 1990. 
Taylor graduated from Harvard University in 1956 and the University of Virginia Law School in 1959. He enrolled in the United States Army from 1959 to 1961. 
Taylor joined the Foreign Service in 1962 served many titles; such as third secretary and vice consul to Yaoundé, Cameroon, from 1962 to 1964; staff assistant to the Ambassador, Rome, Italy, from 1965 to 1966; and vice consul, Florence, Italy, from 1966 to 1967. He returned to Washington, D.C. in 1967 to serve on the Italian desk from 1967 to 1969; and then as staff officer for the Executive Secretariat at the Department of State from 1969 to 1970. Taylor was then named staff assistant in 1970, and special assistant to the Secretary of State in 1971. He was then assigned as principal officer at the consulate in Oporto, Portugal in 1972 to 1975, and deputy chief of mission in Nassau, Bahamas, from 1975 to 1978.
He was also in charge of the staff of the Inspector General from 1979 to 1981, and director of the Office of Press Relations for the Bureau of Public Affairs at the Department of State from 1981 to 1983; and executive director and vice chairman of the U.S. Delegation for the International Telecommunications Union High Frequency World Administrative Radio Conference, from 1983 to 1984. Since 1985 Taylor has been deputy coordinator and principal deputy director for the Bureau of International Communications and Information Policy. In 1986 he was acting as chargé d'affaires in Guinea-Bissau.
He is married, has three children, and currently resides in Arlington, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20655473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655473" title="1974 New Orleans Saints season">
1974 New Orleans Saints season

The 1974 New Orleans Saints season was the team's eighth as a member of the National Football League (NFL). This was their final season at Tulane Stadium as the Louisiana Superdome opened the following season. They matched their previous season's output of 5–9. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the eighth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20655475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655475" title="Balistes punctatus">
Balistes punctatus

The bluespotted triggerfish, "Balistes punctatus" is a species of triggerfish from the Eastern Atlantic. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of .
Information.
The bluespotted triggerfish is known to not do well with other species within the same family when kept in an aquarium. If other specimens are in the tank with it, the aquarium should be of large size to avoid aggressive and malicious behavior. This species is not only naturally aggressive in its behavior, but it is also curious and known to explore. Another common name for the bluespotted triggerfish is the Golden Heart Triggerfish.
Diet.
The bluespotted triggerfish known to be a carnivore. It is recorded to eat a variety of food that include:
Location.
The bluespotted triggerfish can be found in a marine environment within a tropical climate. They can be located in the following areas:
Classification.
The taxonomic classification of the bluespotted triggerfish is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20655490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655490" title="Trojan horse (business)">
Trojan horse (business)

In business, a trojan horse is an advertising offer made by a company that is designed to draw potential customers by offering them cash or something of value for acceptance, but following acceptance, the buyer is forced to spend a much larger amount of money, either by being signed into a lengthy contract, from which exit is difficult, or by having money automatically drawn in some other method. The harmful consequences faced by the customer may include spending far above market rate, large amount of debt, or identity theft.
The term, which originated in New England during the 2000s, and has spread to some other parts of the United States, is also sometimes misused in reference to an item offered seemingly at a bargain price. But through fine print and other hidden trick, the item is ultimately sold at above market rate.
Some of the items involved in trojan horse sales include cash, gift cards or merchandise viewed as a high-ticket item, but the item actually being given away is made cheaply, has a very low value, and does not satisfy the expectations of the recipient. Meanwhile, the victim of the trojan horse is likely to end up spending far more money over time, either through continual withdrawals from the customer's bank account, charges to a debit or credit card, or add-ons to a bill that must be paid in order to avoid loss of an object or service of prime importance (such as a house, car, or phone line).
Victims of trojan horses include poor people or those who are searching for bargains or the best price on an item. Many of these victims end up with overdrawn accounts or over-the-limit on their credit cards due to fees that are automatically charged.
Some of the businesses using trojan horse marketing include banks, internet and cell phone service providers, record and book clubs and other companies in which the customer will be expected to have a continuing relationship. Banks often offer cash initially for opening an account, but later charge fees in much larger amounts to the account holder. Auto-manufacturers and car dealerships will often advertise free or subsidized gas to car buyers for a certain amount of time, but increase the cost of the car in other ways. Cell phone companies use trojan horse marketing by attempting to sell items like ringtones to customers, who unknowingly are sold many more ringtones over time.

</doc>
<doc id="20655495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655495" title="Sufflamen bursa">
Sufflamen bursa

Sufflamen bursa, also known as the Bursa, Scythe or Boomerang Triggerfish, is a Triggerfish from the Indo-Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 25 cm in length. "Scythe" markings on the tail of the triggerfish contain pigments which may change hue from light yellow to dark brown depending on mood of the fish.

</doc>
<doc id="20655507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655507" title="Byersdale, Pennsylvania">
Byersdale, Pennsylvania

Byersdale is an unincorporated community in Harmony Township, Pennsylvania in the United States. The community is located in Beaver County along Pennsylvania Route 65, directly north of the confluence of the Ohio River and Legionville Run and directly south of Baden.
Byersdale is part of the Ambridge Area School District, although the mailing address for Byersdale residents is Baden.
Byersdale once boasted an Isaly's dairy store at the corner of Duss Avenue and Dearborn Street. It now has a business district basically confined to one block along Duss Avenue. The biggest business is Baruni's, a restaurant/bar that is in the former location of the Byersdale Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="20655511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655511" title="Bluethroat triggerfish">
Bluethroat triggerfish

The bluethroat triggerfish ("Sufflamen albicaudatum") is a triggerfish from the western Indian Ocean. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to 22 cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20655530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655530" title="Graver (surname)">
Graver (surname)

Graver is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20655534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655534" title="Johanna Wokalek">
Johanna Wokalek

Johanna Wokalek (born March 3, 1975) is a German stage and film actress. A student of Klaus Maria Brandauer, she received critical recognition and three newcomer awards for her performance in the play "Rose Bernd". Wokalek is best known for her award-winning appearances in the German films "Hierankl", "Barfuss", and "The Baader Meinhof Complex". She received the Bambi award for her portrayal of the Red Army Faction member Gudrun Ensslin in 2008. She played the 
lead role in the film "Pope Joan" in 2009.
Early life.
Wokalek was born in Freiburg, Germany, daughter of a professor of dermatology from Mediaş, Romania. She attended the Friedrich-Gymnasium in Freiburg where she first tried acting in the school's drama group in 1991.
After her final exams in 1994 Wokalek intended to allow herself up to three applications at drama schools before choosing a different career. However, her first application to study at the Max-Reinhardt-Seminar in Vienna was accepted right away, and she moved to the Austrian capital in 1995 to begin her four-year study as a student of Klaus Maria Brandauer. Brandauer, well known for his parts in "Mephisto", "Out of Africa" and "Never Say Never Again", started teaching at the seminar at the same time.
Career.
1996–2002: Stage acting and first feature film.
Still in her studies, 21-year-old Wokalek made her professional stage debut during the 1996 Wiener Festwochen in Joshua Sobol's play "Alma", directed by Paulus Manker. Soon after, she played Polly in Brecht's "The Threepenny Opera" (also directed by Paulus Manker and with costumes by Vivienne Westwood), shown in Vienna's Burgtheater, one of the best-known stage theaters in the world.
In 1997, during the third year of her study at the Reinhardt-Seminar, she played the maid Ilse in Max Färberböck's critically acclaimed drama "Aimée und Jaguar", her first feature film.
In the fall of 1997 Wokalek accepted her first engagement with the Schauspiel Bonn and stopped attending the seminar. During the two and a half year engagement she played Leonore in Schiller's "Fiesco", and received three newcomer awards and wide critical recognition for her performance as Rose in Gerhart Hauptmann's play "Rose Bernd".
In March 2000 she moved back to Vienna and became a permanent member of the Burgtheater ensemble. In her first performance she played the abused and abandoned Nina in Anton Chekhov's "The Seagull", directed by Luc Bondy, which was well received.
Wokalek repeatedly performed at the Salzburg Festival. In 2000 she played Ophelia in "Hamlet", as a guest performance with the Staatstheater Stuttgart, and in 2002 she played the leading part in the German language premiere of "The Shape of Things".
Wokalek also featured in TV versions of the plays "Alma" (filmed 1997) and "Rose Bernd" (filmed 1998).
2003–present: Feature films.
In 2002 Wokalek played Lene Thurner in the award-winning family drama "Hierankl". The modern "Heimatfilm", named after a district in Surberg, Germany, is the film debut of writer and director Hans Steinbichler. Wokalek received several awards and nominations for her first leading part in a feature film, among them the 2003 Bavarian Film Award and the 2006 Adolf Grimme Award, which is considered the most important German TV award.
Wokalek starred in the 2003 TV three-parter "Die Kirschenkönigin" by Rainer Kaufmann.
In 2005 Wokalek was cast as the female lead in the romantic comedy "Barfuss", directed by Til Schweiger. The film was a local box office success. Her performance as Leila, an escapee from a mental institution, opposite actor-director Til Schweiger brought her wide public recognition. She was nominated as best German actress for her performances in "Barfuss", "Hierankl" and "Die Kirschenkönigin" for the Goldene Kamera award in 2006, and received the Shooting Stars Award as best new German actress during the Berlinale in the same year. Previous Shooting Star winners were, among others, Franka Potente, Moritz Bleibtreu, August Diehl, Heike Makatsch, Benno Fürmann and Daniel Brühl.
Wokalek played Anna in the sci-fi thriller "Silent Resident", which premiered at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival, and starred as the young journalist Luise in Phillip Stölzl's "North Face". The 2008 drama depicts the 1936 attempted first ascent of the Eiger north face.
Wokalek was cast as the Red Army Faction terrorist Gudrun Ensslin in Uli Edel's 2008 film The Baader Meinhof Complex, an adaptation of the non-fiction book of the same name by Stefan Aust. Her performance in the film was awarded with a nomination for the 2009 German Film Awards and a Bambi award as best German actress. The film was chosen as Germany's submission to the 81st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, and was already nominated Best Foreign Language Film for the 66th Golden Globe Awards.
In the summer of 2008 she replaced Franka Potente as Johanna von Ingelheim, the titular role in Sönke Wortmann's "Pope Joan". The adaptation of American novelist Donna Woolfolk Cross' book of the same name is the first time Wokalek has to carry a large-scale production by herself. Wokalek, who had to tonsure her hair for the role, stars alongside David Wenham and John Goodman. The film was released October 22, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20655549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655549" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1861–1862">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1861–1862

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 1861 elections and the 1862 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20655585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655585" title="Bamboozle Left">
Bamboozle Left

The Bamboozle Left was an annual two-day music festival held in California from 2006 to 2009, based upon its right coast counterpart of the same name.
2006.
October 15.
All Time Low, Big Japan, Cute is What We Aim For, Dashboard Confessional, Envy on the Coast, Halifax, Hellogoodbye, Hit the Lights, Jack's Mannequin, Linc Thomas LLC, Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Ronnie Day, Sugarcult, Van Stone, William Tell
October 16.
Thirty Seconds to Mars, The Bled, Brand New, Chris Conley (Saves the Day), Cobra Starship, Escape the Fate, The Fall of Troy, Gym Class Heroes, Murs, Pistolita, The Spill Canvas, Supernova, Thrice, Van Stone, Yellowcard
2008.
April 5th.
The All-American Rejects, A Rocket to the Moon, Alesana, Alkaline Trio, An Angle, The Audition, Austin Gibbs and the States, Automatic Loveletter, Bayside, Brighten, Broadway Calls, The Bouncing Souls, The Cab, The Chariot, Charlotte Sometimes, Dance Gavin Dance, Danger Radio, Daphne Loves Derby, Dear and the Headlights, Every Avenue, Eye Alaska, Face to Face, The Forecast, Four Year Strong, Hit the Lights, House of Fools, Jimmy Eat World, Josephine Collective, The Morning Light, My Evolution, New Found Glory, Our Last Night, Paper Rival, Paramore, Porcelain, Reel Big Fish, Rookie of the Year, Rx Bandits, Say No More, Sky Eats Airplane, Sound and Fury, The Starting Line, Steel Train, Story of the Year, Streetlight Manifesto, Supernova, The Tahiti Twins, Take the Crown, Takota, Valencia, Valora, Van Stone, Vogue in the Moment, We the Kings, and Zox
April 6th.
3OH!3, 7 Seconds, A Cursive Memory, A Day to Remember, The A.K.A.s, Anti-Flag, Armor for Sleep, Billy Talent, Blaqk Audio, The Bravery, Breathe Carolina, Chiodos, Chronic Future, The Color Fred, Creature Feature, Dead to Me, Dear Life, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Dr. Manhattan, Drive By, Escape the Fate, Finch, Foxy Shazam, From First to Last, Goldfinger, H2O, Hawthorne Heights, Hot Water Music, Jeffree Star, Lydia, Making April, MC Lars, The Medic Droid, Metro Station, Millionaires, MxPx, My Chemical Romance, New Tomorrow, Palmerston, Pierce the Veil, Protest the Hero, Saves the Day, Schoolyard Heroes, Secondhand Serenade, Set Your Goals, Shook Ones, The Sleeping, The Start, Street Dogs, Suburban Legends, Suicide Silence, Vinnie Caruana, and Your Vegas
2009.
The following bands and artists have been confirmed to perform on the respective dates:

</doc>
<doc id="20655610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655610" title="Montana State Prison">
Montana State Prison

The Montana State Prison is a men's correctional facility of the Montana Department of Corrections in unincorporated Powell County, Montana, about west of Deer Lodge. The current facility was constructed between 1974 and 1979 in response to the continued degeneration of the original facility located in downtown Deer Lodge. 
The "Old Prison" () served as the Montana Territorial Prison from its creation in 1871 until Montana achieved statehood in 1889, then continued as the primary penal institution for the State of Montana until 1979. Throughout the prison's history, the institution was plagued with constant overcrowding, insufficient funds, and antiquated facilities. The administration of Warden Frank Conley from 1890 to 1921 proved the exception to this rule, as Warden Conley instituted extensive inmate labor projects that kept many inmates at work constructing the prison buildings and walls as well as providing various state and community services like road building, logging, and ranching. 
After Conley left office, the prison experienced almost forty years of degeneration, mismanagement, and monetary restraints until an explosive riot in 1959 captured the attention of the nation. Led by Jerry Myles and Lee Smart, the riot maintained the prison under inmate control for thirty-six hours before the Montana National Guard stormed the institution to restore order. The facility was retired in September 1979, and the inmates were moved to the current prison. The Old Prison was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and is now a museum.
Territorial prison.
Facility history.
In response to rampant lawlessness and the vigilante-style form of justice present in the newly formed Montana Territory, in 1867 the US Congress allotted $40,000 to Montana for the express purpose of constructing a territorial prison. On 19 November 1867, the territorial government chose Deer Lodge as the site of the facility, and on 2 June 1870, the cornerstone was laid. The original plans for the building called for a structure which held three tiers of fourteen cells, but due to the difficulty of acquiring materials, the cost to ship those materials, and the expense of hiring labor, the new building would house only one of the three tiers. On 2 July 1871, US Marshal William Wheeler took possession of the first nine prisoners to be incarcerated in the facility.
It only took a single month before the prison was overcrowded; by August, six more prisoners had arrived. The burgeoning population was quelled somewhat when, in June 1874, another tier of fourteen cells was constructed, and the civilians of Deer Lodge were calmed when a twelve foot board fence went up in 1875. The prison's population continued to grow, so Congress allocated an additional $15,000 for the construction of another tier of cells, but the soft brick of the building could not support any more weight. Instead, the money went into an administration building with guard barracks, a warden's office, and a visitor's reception. Finally, in 1885, $25,000 served to provide the prison with a three story cellblock with 42 double-occupancy cells which was completed in 1886. The Montana Territorial Prison was finally completed to original specifications, just in time to be handed over to the new State of Montana in March 1890.
Prison life.
The system of managing inmates at the Montana Territorial Prison was intended to follow the Auburn system of penal reform, a method pioneered at Auburn Prison in New York state in the 1820s. The Auburn system, or the silent system, hinged on prisoners working in groups during the day, maintaining solitary confinement at night, and adhering to a strict code of silence at all times. This rehabilitation method was doomed to fail in Montana, primarily due to the severe overcrowding which plagued the facility from the start.
Within a month of the prison opening its doors, the building was overcrowded. This state of affairs persisted throughout the territorial years, reaching its peak in 1885. In that year, 120 inmates were incarcerated at the institution which claimed only 28 cells, or four inmates per cell. Inmates camped on the prison grounds, but it wasn't until the completion of the 1886 cellblock with its 42 double-occupancy cells and a round of generous paroles that the prison felt relief.
Although the completion of the cellblock meant a roof over a prisoner's head, the amenities of the facility were sparse. The cells measured 6 X , were constructed of soft brick, and had no plumbing or artificial lights. The building had no heating or ventilation, and, in a region which often experienced temperatures below in the winter and above in the summer, this made for very uncomfortable tenants. To alleviate the discomfort, the administration used wood stoves to heat the building and oil lamps to light it, the smoke from which combined with the stench of bucketed human waste and unwashed bodies to make the environment rank.
The prison hired a physician to keep the inmates somewhat healthy but provided no pharmaceuticals; any drugs required to administer to the inmates had to be purchased using his own salary. Between May and November 1873, the overworked doctor reported 67 illnesses in a population of 21 inmates, or about 3 maladies per prisoner during a span of six months. These sicknesses can be mostly attributed to the crowded, unsanitary conditions of the prison itself and to the poor quality of food provided the inmates. Since the prison was operating on a shoestring budget, it had to feed the inmates with what the territory could provide. Therefore, few fruits and vegetables found their way into the diet, and the inmates made due with a menu heavy in proteins and starch.
Warden Conley years.
Montana became a state in November 1889, but the fledgling state had neither the will nor the money to assume possession of the prison until March 1890. The facility was a money-sink, costing over $2 per day per inmate to run, an eyesore, and an administerial nightmare. Montana decided to do what many other states at the time were doing; they contracted the running of the prison to a pair of men who offered to care for the inmates at the rate of $.70 per day per inmate for the first 100, and $1.00 per day for each inmate over. These men were the warden of the facility since 1885, Thomas McTague, and his partner, Guard Frank Conley.
Warden Frank Conley.
Born on 28 February 1864 in Havre de Grace, Maryland, Frank Conley set off for the American West at the age of sixteen and landed in Montana, working to create what would later become Yellowstone National Park. By 1884, he was a member of the Central Montana Vigilance Committee and later became Deputy Sheriff of Custer County, Montana. In 1886, he supervised a prisoner transport to Deer Lodge, and, upon learning of a vacancy in the ranks of the guards, immediately took the post. In March 1890, he ascended to the position of Warden of the Montana State Prison, while McTague remained more-or-less aloof from the administration of the prison, focusing his attentions on the financial backing of the institution. Conley oversaw everything else and launched a series of projects which made the Montana State Prison function.
Conley builds.
Possibly the most important, or at least longest lasting, contribution Warden Conley made to the Montana State Prison are the plethora of buildings he left in his wake. He believed that idleness bred insurrection, so he set about using prison labor to build the prison.
At first, Conley focused on bettering the prison facility. Immediately after taking the position of warden, he put the inmates to work to build a log cell-house to alleviate the rampant overcrowding. The building housed 150 inmates in one large room in two tiers of wooden bunks, and was used on and off over the course of the next decade.
Conley waited for a few years before starting one of his biggest projects—the prison walls. In 1893, he put his prisoners to work to construct the 20 to . high walls which extended underground for four feet and were 3½ ft. thick underground and tapered to two feet thick at the top. The wall was constructed of locally quarried sandstone mined, shaped, mortared, and placed by prison labor. The walls had six towers, a sally port to admit vehicles, and a smaller portal to admit people. The imposing structure with its crenellated towers dominates the southern end of Main Street Deer Lodge and resembles a medieval castle.
In 1896, Conley deemed the old Territorial Penitentiary insufficient, even after remodeling it to house 164 inmates, so he constructed the first of two cellblocks. The 1896 Cellblock bordered the Territorial building on its southern side and could house 256 inmates in four tiers of thirty-two cells, each measuring . long, . deep, and tall. None of these cells had plumbing, however, and inmates again used the bucket system: one for fresh water, the other for human waste. Each door locked individually, which, when combined with the wood stoves which heated the building and the wooden roof, created a safety hazard in the case of a fire. Electricity didn't enter the building until after the start of the 20th century, but this building was a marked improvement from the antiquated Territorial building.
In 1902, in response to concerns over women's rights, Conley built a separate building outside the walls for his female prisoners. It was a small, stuffy building with no plumbing and a tiny exercise yard, but it gave the women inmates a degree of separation and safety they had previously been denied. This building would eventually be converted into a maximum security facility in 1959 in response to the riot which happened in that year, and Montana's women prisoners would eventually be moved to their own prison.
1911 saw an extension of the original walls by . Tower Seven, in the middle of the eastern wall which bordered Main Street, became the main entrance to the prison and would remain so until the facility closed.
To respond to the ever-increasing number of inmates flooding the Montana correctional system, in 1912 Conley supervised the building of another cellblock. Called "Cellblock 1" by guards and prisoners, the building sandwiched the old Territorial building between itself and the 1896 cellblock, now called "Cellblock 2". The building was made of cut granite and prison-made brick, could house 400 prisoners in 200 cells along two corridors of four tiers of 25 cells each, and came complete with a sink and self-flushing toilet in each cell, a ventilation system, and a door-locking system which could open any combination of doors simultaneously.
In 1919, Warden Conley's personal friend William A. Clark, one of Butte, Montana's Copper Kings, donated $10,000 for the construction of a first in US Prison history—a prison theater. Dubbed the WA Clark Theatre, the pride of the Montana State Prison was completed in March 1920. It boasted seating for 1,000 people in leather-covered seats and catered to prisoners and members of the community alike. It hosted concerts, plays, prizefights, movies, and more. For Conley, it became an instant disciplinary tool; unruly inmates were denied access to the theater. The theater was a mainstay of prison life until its destruction by an unknown arsonist on 3 December 1975.
Though the buildings inside the prison grounds were extensive and labor and time consuming, Warden Conley did not stop there. During his tenure as warden, he used prison labor to run eleven separate ranches which produced beef, pork, poultry, and dairy products for prison use, a prison farm which produced vegetables for the inmates and feed for the animals on the ranches, and a slaughterhouse. He also built and operated a brickyard which could produce up to 60,000 bricks per day. His prisoners were also loggers, and they processed their lumber at a lumberyard and sawmill they had built. Conley also assisted the state by using inmate labor to build 11 buildings of the Montana State Hospital in Warm Springs, 4 buildings for the Montana State Tuberculosis Sanatorium in Galen, and over of roads in the State. About road building, Conley stated:
Escape attempts.
Perhaps in response to punishment like the hole, some prisoners strove to escape. In 1902, the inmate stable boss of a barn outside the walls named Thomas O'Brien drugged Conley's dogs, used for hunting and tracking down escaped convicts, again, hitting George Rock, who retreated from the office. Hayes got back to his feet, and Conley shot him again and threw him into the hall after Rock. Conley then went to help Robinson, who was on the ground under Rock. Rock had already slashed the Deputy's throat and was stabbing him when Conley threw a chair at the assailant, who turned on Conley. The warden fended the armed man off with the butt of his now empty pistol, and the escape attempt was ended at the end of a billy-club wielded by Guard E.H. Carver, who had had to break through the locked door to the hallway.
Deputy Robinson had been killed, and it took 103 stitches to stabilize Warden Conley. One of the slashes from Rock's blade had come a mere eighth of an inch from severing the warden's jugular, and he carried the scar from that wound to his deathbed. None of the rioters had died, and Conley made sure they were all fully healed before bringing them up on charges. Rock and Hayes were both given the death sentence for the assault, Stevens won his acquittal and served his original sentence, and Young's was extended to a life sentence. Conley oversaw both of the executions (Rock on 16 June 1908 and Hayes on 2 April 1909). The men were hanged using the upright jerker method, which used a . weight to jerk the sentenced man from his feet. This method was supposed to snap the neck, but it failed in both instances. Rock and Hayes were the only two men to be executed within the prison walls.
Conley's downfall.
In addition to the problems Conley had with prisoners, the community began to complain of his use of prisoners and the office of warden for personal gain. When he arrived in Deer Lodge, he had been a lowly deputy, but within twenty years had risen to be one of the most powerful men in the region. Through the years, he had become personal friends with William A. Clark, and through him the Anaconda Copper Mining Company, a subsidiary of John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil. Conley moved up the social stratus with his marriage to a Missoula, Montana socialite. While using prison labor to construct the prison itself, roads for the state, and buildings for state institutions, he had also found a way to have the inmates build him an expensive warden's residence across Main Street from the prison, a hunting lodge on the shores of his private lake and another for Thomas McTague, and a racetrack where he ran his own thoroughbreds. He also used the produce of the prison ranch and farm to entertain guests like Theodore Roosevelt, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Secretary of the Treasury William Gibbs McAdoo, several Montana governors, and, of course, Copper King William Clark and a number of directors of the Anaconda Mining company. At these events, he commonly used prisoners as cooks, waiters, and servants.
Warden of the Montana State Prison was not the only office Frank Conley held; he was voted Mayor of Deer Lodge from 1892–1893, 1895–1903, and again from 1907–1929, a position he held for eight years after being removed from his duties as warden. The man responsible for Conley's downfall was Governor Joseph M. Dixon. Dixon took office under the promise to remove the powerful Ananconda Mining company from state politics, and, upon hearing that the warden of the state prison was heavily involved with the Company, he launched a series of investigations and audits which laid bare the extent of Warden Conley's corruption between 1908 and 1921. Some points Dixon's auditor found were:
Dixon wasted no time in bringing Conley to trial on charges of corruption. The judge, however, could find no written statute which fully defined the relationship the state of Montana shared with Frank Conley, and so could find no laws Conley had broken. In the words of the judge, "every act of Conely…was in the interest of the state of Montana". 
Although stripped of the influential office of warden, Conley continued as Mayor of Deer Lodge until 1929, and lived in the city until his death in Butte on 5 March 1939.
Degeneration of the facility.
Immediately after the retirement of Warden Conley, the first in a long string of gubernatorial appointees, Warden M.W. Potter, strove to keep the prison functioning on a cost-effective basis. He pardoned a significant number of prisoners incarcerated during World War I and the early years of the Prohibition to keep overcrowding to a minimum and costs down. However, without Conley and his series of contacts to keep the prisoners busy, the number of extramural work programs dwindled, forcing more inmates to return to the facility. The prisoners were now faced with a heavily crowded living space that was not well suited to house them.
Buildings.
Only three construction projects happened at the prison between 1921 and 1959. The first, funded in 1927 by a $40,000 grant from the state for use in constructing a license plate and garment factory inside the walls, instead went toward remodeling the old Territorial building, converting the central section into administerial offices, one wing into a license plant and the other wing into the garment factory. In 1932, this building would come down in the second construction opportunity for inmates—the construction of a new administration building. The simple, rectangular concrete building bridged the gap between the older, Gothic-style cellblocks and housed administration offices on the top floor and a dining hall, shoe shop, and laundry in the lower floor. 1935 saw the last new construction in the prison with an industrial shop complex that went up parallel to the north wall, perpendicular to the 1912 Cellblock. This building housed the prison's new hospital, including an infirmary, surgery, dentist's office, psych ward, and doctor's office. Also in this building was the new license plate factory, which moved to the prison ranch in 1960, and eight cells, which were sometimes used as Death Row.
Meanwhile, the institution's existing buildings continued to degrade. The 1896 Cellblock still had no individual plumbing in the cells; a flush toilet had been installed on the ground level, but inmates had no access to it after lights out. The lighting in the cells was insufficient even for reading; the wiring installed at the start of the 20th century could barely power a 25 watt bulb. There was no ventilation, the wooden roof had not been replaced, and the cell doors still unlocked individually. A state investigation in 1931 found this cellblock to be "a disgrace to civilization".
The 1912 Cellblock was in better shape, though it was still substandard. It was stifling in the summer, when inmates on the top tiers would throw items through the windows to create a breeze, and freezing in the winter, when inmates on the bottom tiers would drape the bottom half of their cell doors with blankets to keep out the chill. There was one shower facility for the 400 inmates with three shower heads; one for a rinse, one for a soap, and the third for a final rinse. The prisoners would step under these one at a time in a single-file line.
Administration.
In addition to the outdated facilities, the guard staff was underpaid, undertrained, and insufficient to manage the ever-increasing number of inmates. Guards at the Montana State Prison during this period were some of the lowest paid correctional officers in the United States, ranked 115 out of 120 state and local institutions. Their median salary was $1200 per year, where the national average was $2000. There were no benefits and no pension plan. Few wardens of the time ran background checks on potential guards, and there was no formal training after hire. By the mid-1950s, 80% of the guard staff were retirees over the age of 55, and in 1957, there was a 75% turnover of guards. In order for this staff to keep order in the prison, a re-institution of the Auburn system came into play, keeping inmates quiet, obedient, and segregated.
The succession of wardens added to the low morale of both guards and prisoners. Appointed by the Governor of Montana for their pliability, ease of placement, and political stature, the wardens of the prison rarely had law enforcement experience, and none had penal institution experience. Unfortunately, due to Conley's aggressive control of the facility, most of the administration of the prison rested in the hands of the warden, including the hiring and firing of guards, requests for new building permits from the state, and most of the parole functions of the institution. In fact, a parole board was not instituted until 1955. Many of the wardens, like A.B. Middleton, tried to better the facility, but those who did often failed. Middleton, who held the position from 1925 to 1937, oversaw all the new construction, but he did little to ease the strain of overpopulation and low morale. Possibly the least effective warden to hold the office was Faye O. Burrell, who was warden from 1953 to 1958. Burrell had been a Ravalli County sheriff before his tenure, and was a man who prided himself on his frugality. The state actually increased funding to the prison during his time, but Burrell decreased his implementation of funds, allowing money slated for updating facilities to go back into general state funds. His wardenship of the prison weathered two riots, and he resigned under heavy controversy.
Prison life.
Since Conley's theory of reform was based so heavily on manual labor, he had spent little time and money on things like education and vocational training. In the 1920s, the prison library was the only means of inmate education; the only classes being taught boiled down to English-speaking instruction for immigrant inmates. The library itself, donated mostly by William Clark before 1920, was outdated, contained mainly light fiction, and had been stringently censored by prison officials. As far as vocational training was concerned, Conley had dealt the prison another blow by removing all his personal equipment from the warehouse, garage, and machine shop; since his contract specified that the buildings, grounds, and land belonged to the state, he had populated these important industries with his own materials to further entrench himself within the prison. This left the prisoners with only industries relating to the upkeep of the prison: laundry, garment construction, maintenance, a toy shop (which made toys for children in state institutions) and the prison band. In the '20s, the warden of the prison took on the role of Registrar of Motor Vehicles and obtained permission for inmates to manufacture license plates.
The jobs available to the prisoners were few; between 1930 and 1960, about 200 inmates out of a population averaging 550 had something to do. In the 1940s and '50s, most prisoners spent twenty-two hours a day in their cells. The industries that were available were managed not by civilians or guards, but, due to the shortage of staff at the prison, by a system of inmate overseers. Called "con-bosses," these privileged inmates had complete control over their areas, reserving the right to choose which inmates worked under them, how much work they received, and what they had to do to receive work at all. Since work meant not only something to do other than sit in a cell but also time earned off a sentence, this system led to rampant corruption, favoritism, and ill-feelings among the prisoners, since the con-bosses often sold positions or used them as leverage for any number of illicit favors.
The onset of the Great Depression flooded the prison with new inmates, and Montana state further curtailed the use of inmate labor to provide jobs for civilians. In another blow to the prisoners, in 1934, the state prohibited the sale of convict-made goods to civilians. Prisoners now had almost no legitimate, worthwhile industries to keep themselves busy, and to exacerbate the situation further, most of the prison yard within the walls had been converted into a vegetable garden, eliminating exercise as a pastime.
Riots.
The mismanagement, insufficient guard staff, and intolerable living conditions led to three riots in the late 1950s. The first riot, called the "pea riot," took place on 30 July 1957 when the members of the prison band refused to pick peas in the garden which was the prison yard. The temperature was hot, and the band members were used to being left alone, if not coddled, by the prison staff. One member flatly refused the order, which won him time in the hole. The other members decided to work, but after one member flicked a pea at another, the job quickly turned into a foliage-destroying free-for-all. The destructive attitude in the garden quickly infected the rest of the prison, and inmates rushed from the cellblocks to take part in the destruction. The guards on duty were quickly overrun and locked into cells. A standoff between the prisoners and government officials, including Attorney General Forrest Anderson and about 200 National Guardsmen, lasted about 24 hours. The warden, Faye O. Burrell, was out of town, taking delivery of an inmate from Indiana who had escaped years earlier. The prisoners clamored for better conditions, better food, better mail service, and the firing of Benjamin W. Wright, the man in charge of Montana's relatively new parole system. Anderson offered an eight-point program which sated the prisoners, and they retreated to their cells without bloodshed. Upon Burrell's return, however, he revoked the program drawn up by Anderson, claiming that he had not, and would not, negotiate with convicts.
The second riot, in response to Warden Burrell having ignored Anderson's eight-point program, happened on 27 January 1958. During a tour of the prison by the Montana Council on Corrections, the inmates instigated a twenty-four hour sit-down strike in which they refused to report to work, ignored orders from guards, and loitered about the cell house corridors. Warden Burrell ordered the lights and heat be turned off, which, in January, meant many hours of frigid darkness. The cold, hungry inmates returned to their cells and, for punishment, for a week were refused mail and access to the canteen where they could purchase cigarettes, candy, and other sundries.
1959 Riot.
1959 was a turbulent year in Montana State Prison history. Following Warden Burrell's resignation in February 1958, the Montana Council on Corrections decided that, in order to modernize the facility, the next warden of the prison would be selected from a nationwide search, putting an end to the tradition of gubernatorial appointees. Floyd Powell, of Wisconsin, was chosen from the candidates who applied, and he took control of the prison in August 1958. He managed to instill some reforms before, in 1959, a riot kept the prison and the town of Deer Lodge on edge for thirty-six hours. The riot started on 16 April 1959 and was the longest and bloodiest riot at the facility. Instigated by a pair of inmates, Jerry Myles and Lee Smart, the riot would claim the lives of three people, wound several others, and maintain the facility under inmate control for thirty-six hours. It ended in the early hours of 18 April 1959 when a brace of National Guard troops stormed the facility.
Then, in August of the same year, an earthquake structurally damaged Cellblock 2, leading to its destruction.
Warden Floyd Powell.
Born in LaValle, Wisconsin, just before World War I, Floyd Powell came to Montana in response to the nationwide search for a warden who would update the Montana State Prison into a modern facility. With more than eighteen years of penal experience at the Wisconsin State Prison in Waupun, Powell arrived in Deer Lodge knowing the only way to truly modernize the prison rested in building a whole new facility; what existed in downtown Deer Lodge was far too antiquated to be worth revitalizing. Within weeks of taking charge of the prison, Powell summoned his friend and subordinate, Ted Rothe, from Wisconsin to be his deputy warden.
Between the two of them, Powell and Rothe began a series of reforms which were targeted at updating the facility. They began to abolish the "con-boss" system, improved inmate food quality by instilling a "Take all you want, but eat all you take" policy and by supplying condiments on the tables. They also sought to crack down on the rampant drug use and black market inside the walls and began performing exhaustive background checks on the prisoners, a practice that was not standard operating procedure until Powell's tenure. A training regimen for the guards was also instilled, which bettered communication between shifts and cut back on guard contributions to the black market. Something they were unable to initiate until too late was the removal of firearms from the cellblocks; Powell and Rothe wanted to completely sweep both cellblocks of the rifles the guards carried on the catwalks. They saw the .30-30 Winchester rifles' presence as an instigator for inmate uprising, but the guards refused to surrender the guns.
Though the pair from Wisconsin were doing their best to better the conditions in the prison, they felt heavy resistance from both inmates and guards who had flourished under the previously lax security, as well as from the population of Montana who viewed any improvement in the quality of life of an inmate nothing more than coddling convicts. In his own words in a report to the Board of Prison commissioners, Powell stated:
Although Powell and Rothe meant well with their reforms, their alteration of the power structures within the facility led to a bloody riot which started on 16 April 1959.
Leaders of the riot.
Jerry Myles.
The primary leader of the riot, Jerry Myles was born in Sioux City, Iowa, on 15 January 1915 under the name Donald Groat. His mother was an unmarried transient who quickly put her son up for adoption. By the time he was sixteen, he was in reform school, and for the rest of his life he would spend more time inside correctional facilities then outside them. Described as having an "emotionally unstable, psychopathic personality" by psychiatrist Romney Ritchey at Alcatraz, Jerry Myles nonetheless had a genius intellect, scoring 125 and 147 on intelligence tests in Atlanta and Montana, respectively. Using suicide attempts, petty disturbances, and sexual deviancy, he strove to become the center of attention. He was an institutionalized career prisoner, often committing small acts of burglary to get sentenced to more prison time whenever he found himself free, and, once incarcerated, struggled to be noticed.
On 4 December 1944, he organized a mutiny at the federal penitentiary in Atlanta, Georgia on the grounds of poor medical care, no church services, and having to wait in line in the mess hall with "the German intake and the Negro intake". After the mutiny, the administration at USP Atlanta declared Jerry Myles to be incorrigible and a danger to the security of their prison. They determined that their facilities were insufficient to fully monitor Myles' activities, so on 8 May 1945 they transferred him to the federal penitentiary at Alcatraz.
Jerry Myles would spend about seven years at Alcatraz between 1945 and 1952, after which he was transferred to Leavenworth. While Jerry was at The Rock, the legendary "Battle of Alcatraz" occurred on 2 May 1946, and Myles, while he did not take part in the escape attempt, learned much from the methods of Bernard Coy, who initiated the riot. The disturbance Myles would later start in Montana shared many elements with the Battle of Alcatraz. Myles was released from Leavenworth on 3 March 1952, after which he finished his sentence at the Georgia State Penitentiary and was released in May 1958. During his long prison tenure, Myles had learned of a prison in Montana where the convicts ran the industries, and Myles was interested in what he viewed was a place where he could have power.
After his release, Myles bought a bus ticket to Butte, about from Deer Lodge, where he was arrested for burglary. He was sentenced to five years at the Montana State Prison and arrived in Deer Lodge in June 1958. Since the prison at that time was not in the habit of running background checks on incoming prisoners, his previous penal experience went unnoticed, and he was assigned to a cell in the general population. Myles quickly rose to the position of con-boss of the garment shop, due to his experience in similar places in other penitentiaries around the country and the notoriety of his experience in USP Atlanta, Leavenworth, and, of course, Alcatraz. He used the position to his advantage, decorating his apartment-like cell in the garment shop with niceties and manipulating young inmates into providing him with sexual favors for work in the factory. When Warden Powell abolished the con-boss system in October 1958, Myles was stripped of his favor in the prison community and started acting out, which earned him time in segregation. He had a short, heated interview with Deputy Warden Rothe in which Myles took an intense dislike to Rothe and threatened his life. Rothe sentenced Myles to isolation, or the hole, for an indefinite amount of time followed by a longer stint in segregation. 
Walter Jones, the prison's newly graduated sociologist, recognized the danger Myles represented and suggested further segregation in Siberia in the base of the northern towers of Cellblock 1. The area known as Siberia was separated from the rest of the prison yard by a razor-wire topped chain-link fence and was used to keep known troublemakers apart from the rest of the population. The cells were cramped, cold, and isolated. Rothe rejected this treatment of Myles, claiming that he wanted to gain inmate trust by showing equal rights to all prisoners regardless of their past activities. On 27 February 1959, Rothe released Myles back into the general population and assigned him to the water crew—the group of inmates who emptied toilet buckets from Cellblock 2 and the guard towers. In April of that same year, Myles would incite the riot.
Lee Smart and George Alton.
Lee Smart was born in 1940 in Washington State and lived 17 years before being sentenced to thirty years confinement to the Montana State Prison for the second-degree murder of traveling salesman Charles Ward outside of Browning, Montana on 28 April 1956. Smart had bludgeoned Ward to death with a pair of lineman's pliers and robbed him of $100 cash. Smart was almost . tall and weighed 147 pounds, wore a ducktail haircut, a black leather jacket, and had tattooed arms and chest. He and a friend had escaped from a reformatory camp in Cedar Creek, Washington, on 14 April 1956. The two then went on a two-week criminal binge which ended in Great Falls, Montana. Lee Smart left his friend in Great Falls and went north, where he ended up killing Ward.
Once inside the walls of the Montana State Prison, Smart eventually found his place playing drums for the prison band. Though one of the youngest convicts in Montana, he had fallen in with a relatively powerful group of convicts—the "band gang" was the largest trafficker of narcotics in the prison. Lee became a regular member of the cadre, and his crime of murder gave him standing among the inmates, most of whom were incarcerated for larceny. One of the inmates who was highly impressed by Smart's haughty, impulsive nature was Jerry Myles, who befriended the boy. Smart got in trouble a few times, once for being in possession of a weapon, once over his haircut (which led him to receive a buzz cut by an inmate barber), and again over having an illicit weapon (which earned him time in isolation).
Since the prison had no system of segregating inmates based on age, crime, or sexual proclivities, Smart was housed in general population where his youthful frame became an instant target for older, predatory cons. His crime of murder and connection with the band gang lent him a modicum of notoriety, but he still felt obliged to hire George Alton, a known troublemaker, for protection at the cost of ten dollars a month. Alton, who had been in and out of prison since 1952, regularly sold protection services to newer inmates who could not fight for themselves. A diminutive, wiry Montanan, Alton was well respected by guards and inmates alike, known for his vicious left hook and his prowess in the prizefighting rink, held weekly in the WA Clark Theatre. Alton and Smart became friends and eventual cellmates, until Alton was moved outside the walls into minimum security housing. 
Taking full advantage of his "trusty" status, Alton escaped with a fellow inmate in a prison vehicle marked "Registrar of Motor Vehicles" on 26 August 1958, the day after Floyd Powell started his job as warden. The two prisoners waved to the new warden on their way past the prison, and Powell waved back. By the time the warden realized what had happened, Alton and his confederate were too far away to do anything. Alton managed to stay hidden until November 1958, when he was apprehended in his hometown of Culbertson. He was remanded to the prison and spent time in the hole, then more time in segregation. It was during this time that he met, and had extensive conversations with, Jerry Myles, who had been placed in the cell right next to Alton's in segregation.
Preparations.
Jerry Myles knew that timing would play a major factor in the successful initiation of the riot. Between the time he was released back into general population in February 1958 until he decided to start the riot, he paid close attention to the movements of the guards and found a loophole in their routine; each day during the dinnertime turnover, the ratio of guards to inmates was decreased in Cellblock 1. His plan was to seize a rifle from one of the guards who walked the catwalk outside his cell when the guard was alone. The catwalk was close to the tier of cells. Guards routinely moved between the catwalk and the tiers by little more than hopping from one to the other; since neither walkway was caged, the maneuver was simple.
Myles also needed to recruit other inmates to his cause but limit the number of prisoners who knew specifics to ensure the administration would be caught unawares. He chose to let Lee Smart in on the plans, coaxing the boy along with promises of freedom and adventure. George Alton, a shrewd, intelligent man, was less easily convinced, though a workable escape plan attracted him. Myles needed Alton because of his rapport with the inmate population. Alton also worked in the prison garage and had access to gasoline, a crucial part of Myles' plans. Myles assured Alton that they would use Deputy Warden Rothe as a shield and hostage to gain exit from Tower 7, and from there to freedom. Myles also strong-armed Harold Laureys, a known lockpicker, or "gopher man" in prison lingo, into being ready for an escape attempt, but gave him few specifics other than that.
Myles, Smart, and Alton constructed a reservoir in one of the shelves in Smart's cell, and Alton regularly filled that space with gasoline he smuggled out of the garage. The trio waited until they had filled the container before enacting their plans.
Start of the riot.
At about 3:30 p.m. on 16 April 1959, guard Gus Byars was alone on the catwalk of Cellblock 1 across from where Myles and Smart were loitering. Byars turned to open a window to the brisk spring wind when he heard someone call his name. He turned into a splash of gasoline which hit him in the face and chest, soaking his shirt.
Lee Smart had tossed the gasoline as Jerry Myles lit a match to a torch he had constructed from a mop. He thrust the mop at the guard, who froze in fear. Smart and Alton lit a broom and tossed it onto the catwalk behind Byars, who, with his vision blurred by the gasoline, saw he was surrounded by fire. He quickly surrendered his keys and rifle and allowed himself to be led to the hole.
While Myles, Smart, and Alton were securing the rifle and keys, other inmates ambushed the only other two guards in Cellblock 1, threatening them with knives. The guards surrendered their keys and were also led to the hole.
At this point, the inmates were in full possession of three guards, a rifle, and keys to the facility, though they still had no ammunition for the weapon. They quickly moved over to Cellblock 2, where they knew the ammunition was stored, and were in possession of that building within minutes, even after a tense standoff between a guard holding a loaded rifle and an inmate with a knife. The guard hesitated and received a slashed hand in return. Had he fired on the inmate, the riot may not have progressed. As it was, the inmates were now in control of two rifles, seventeen rounds of ammunition, and both cellblocks. Over the course of the next ten to fifteen minutes, several more guards would walk into Cellblock 1, be immediately and quietly overwhelmed, and led into the hole.
Death of Deputy Warden Rothe.
By 4:00, Myles, Smart, and Alton had control over the whole facility except for the minimum security housing outside the southern wall and the upper floor of the administration building, called "Inside Administration." This portion of the facility housed offices for the warden, the deputy warden, the sociologist, and other prison infrastructure. The only woman working within the prison walls, Babe Lightfoot, held an office in Inside Administration, but by the time the rioters reached this area of the prison, she had already evacuated upon orders from an inmate.
Ted Rothe had been across the street attending a meeting with Warden Powell and some architects who were designing the new facility Powell wanted to build. Rothe returned to his desk inside the prison at a few minutes before 4:00, oblivious to the inmate takeover. To this point, there had been almost no noise, few scuffles, and no casualties. He chatted with a guard for a few minutes before sitting behind his desk, which was in view of the door where inmates came to receive their medication. Myles, Smart, and a third inmate named Toms came up to the door, where Myles asked to receive some pills for his migraines. The guard on duty, Officer Cox, turned to retrieve them as another guard opened the door to let a third guard out. As soon as the door opened, Myles rushed through, brandishing a meat cleaver he had acquired from the kitchens. Toms threatened the other guards with a knife, and they allowed themselves to be herded into a nearby lavatory. Myles burst into Deputy Warden Rothe's office and attacked Rothe with the cleaver. Rothe deflected the blow with a plywood letterbox.
The struggle continued for a few seconds. Cox grabbed a chair and raised it to hit Myles, but Lee Smart unveiled the rifle he had had wrapped in a cone of leather and fired once, hitting Rothe in the chest, killing him instantly. Myles turned on Cox and slashed with his cleaver, slicing Cox along his arm. The inmates quickly herded the guards into the lavatory, along with a civilian mail-sorter, and locked them in. Another guard, Officer Simonsen, was coming up the steps to Inside Administration, and Myles and Smart took him hostage and had him call the warden.
Warden Powell as hostage.
At a little after 4:00, Officer Simonsen phoned Warden Powell, who was across the street at his residence. Simonsen told the warden there was a disturbance inside the prison and that someone had been knifed. Under duress from Myles and Smart, the officer told the warden little else, and Powell rushed through Tower 7 along with two guards to see what the "disturbance" was. As soon as he entered Inside Administration, he was yanked through the doorway. His escort realized something was wrong and retreated, escaping back through Tower 7. The guards on top of this tower knew something was wrong and had tried to warn the warden, but the blustery spring wind had obliterated their words.
Inside, Warden Powell came face-to-face with Myles and Smart, who immediately forced Powell to call Governor Aronson in Helena. Aronson, however, was out of town and would not return until about 6:30 that evening. Powell left a message with the governor's secretary to have Aronson call Powell at Number 8 as soon as he returned. "Number 8" was a pre-arranged warning that told the governor that Warden Powell had been compromised and that Aronson should not return the call.
After the call, Powell managed to convince Myles that Cox and Rothe needed medical attention and should be allowed to leave the facility. Myles agreed, and an ambulance collected the bleeding guard and the deceased deputy warden. Powell also attempted to talk the ringleaders into discontinuing the riot to no avail.
While Myles and Smart coerced guards and wardens to make telephone calls, Alton, armed with the second rifle, set about securing the remaining guards and administrators of the facility. By 4:30, he had locked 20 men into the hole, including sociologist Walter Jones. At a few minutes before 5:00, Myles and Smart led Warden Powell and the other four hostages down to the mess hall, and from there led the hostages into cells in Cellblock 1. Warden Powell sat under guard on one of the mess halls, where he was offered coffee and cake by an inmate. He accepted, and he ate while the rest of the hostages were led from the hole and placed in cells in "Cook's Row" where the kitchen workers were housed.
At about 6:20, the inmates led Powell back to Inside Administration to wait for Governor Aronson's call, which never came. Myles and Smart became anxious and left, leaving Powell in the care of Walter Trotchie, who had orders to kill the warden with a kitchen knife at 8:00 if the governor didn't call. 8:00 came and went, and, instead of killing Powell, Trotchie surrendered his weapon and freed the warden, who offered amnesty to any prisoner who wanted to retreat to minimum security. Six inmates agreed to go, including Trotchie, and Warden Powell escaped the prison, secured the inmates who had come with him, and began managing the handling of the riot from outside .
Negotiations and a new escape plan.
Myles was angry when he discovered that Powell had escaped, but his rage was abated when he realized they had Walter Jones as a hostage. Myles viewed Jones as one of the reasons he had been ousted as a con-boss. Jones managed to talk Myles out of murdering him by offering himself as a negotiator for the demands of the inmates.
Meanwhile, Alton approached Myles with the argument that since Deputy Warden Rothe had been shot and killed, their escape plan was now null. Myles acknowledged that the original plan had failed, so he forwarded the idea of tunneling under the walls. He chose a place in the northwestern tower of Cellblock 1 and put a team of inmates, eventually including the kitchen staff, to work with picks and shovels. The progress on this tunnel would continue for the remainder of the riot, but was doomed to fail. Warden Conley had built the cellblocks and the walls specifically to keep inmates from tunneling, and his designs proved effective.
Outside the walls, Warden Powell was busy trying to deal with budding public reaction to the riot. The word had leaked quickly, and wives of guards who were hostages started showing up at his house. Powell decided to again enter the prison through the tunnel system which gave access to the gun ports in the mess hall and the catwalks in the cellblocks. Luckily, the riot leaders had been unable to secure a key to the access points to this tunnel system, or else Powell may have been taken hostage again. Just after sundown, Powell made his way through the tunnels to the mess hall and shouted for Myles and Smart. Myles showed up, leading Jones with a knife at his throat. Powell asked what Myles wanted, and received a verbal tirade from Myles, who stalked away, leaving Jones with Alton. Powell was told that Myles wanted at least thirty members of the press to come inside the prison, take pictures of the conditions and speak with the inmates. Powell offered to get three reporters inside the walls under the understanding that they would not print a word of what they learned until the hostages were released. Alton agreed to the plan. Powell returned to his residence to await the coming day.
Meanwhile, National Guard forces were consolidating at Trask Hall, the gymnasium of Montana's first college campus, just four blocks from the prison. Members of the press were converging upon the warden's residence, and the city and county switchboards were becoming overrun with calls regarding the riot, some as far away as London, England. By the next day, reporters from magazines like "Life" and "TIME" descended upon the town, and Deer Lodge's prison riot made international news.
After midnight, Myles summoned Jones to talk to the media. Through Jones, Myles warned that any offensive action against the prison would end in the killing of the hostages by fire, hanging, or stabbing. Myles then spoke up, telling the amassed media that he was fighting for better conditions and just wanted to be heard. He again threatened the hostages with death if any action was taken against the prison and paraded Jones in front of the windows with a knife at his throat to make his point. Afterward, Myles led Jones back to a cell.
At midmorning on Friday, Myles and Smart allowed Jones to exit the prison walls to escort the three reporters, one from the Associated Press, another from United Press International, and the third from radio station KREM of Spokane, Washington. Myles allowed Jones eight minutes to return with the media before he threatened to begin killing hostages. Jones met with the warden and the reporters outside Tower 7 and managed to get the reporters into the mess hall inside his eight minute window. 
Only seven inmates met with the reporters, one of which was George Alton, but neither Jerry Myles or Lee Smart took part in the interview. Jones remained to assist the prisoners with their statements. The reporters recorded a plethora of complaints ranging from the sanitation in Cellblock 2 to the use of the hole as a disciplinary tool, but the most common grievance was the parole system. The inmates demanded the resignation of Benjamin Wright, the same man the convicts had asked to have fired during the pea riot of 1957.
The reporters were allowed to leave the prison without incident, and Warden Powell announced that he expected to have the hostages released as per the agreement he had made with Alton. Myles, however, demanded more reporters come inside the facility to take pictures, and he stated that nobody would be allowed to leave until he saw the story in print. Powell, on the other hand, would not re-negotiate a deal. Since Myles refused to release guards, Powell refused to allow the story to run.
This started a twenty-four-plus hour standoff in which Myles railed openly to the media outside the walls; Alton retired to his cell after an argument with Myles, convinced that no escape was forthcoming; Jones was again allowed to leave the prison to negotiate with Powell and, under orders from the warden, did not return; and the hostages survived repeated threats of death by fire, rope, or knife. The hostages were eventually crowded into three cells, and the frightened men planned to press the thin prison mattresses against the bars to ward off any attack, but they knew the shield would not hold long against fire or at all against the rifles. Governor Aronson, still in Helena, continued to refuse to negotiate with the prisoners, saying:
End of the riot.
Thirty-six hours after Myles, Smart, and Alton pitched gasoline at a guard to start the riot, the Montana National Guard ended the riot. At about 4:45 a.m. on 18 April 1959, Bill Rose of the National Guard fired a World War II bazooka at the southwest tower of Cellblock 1 while Highway Patrolman Bob Zaharko fired a Thompson submachine gun through a window which had been identified as where Myles and Smart were hiding on the northeast tower of Cellblock 1. The media had been placed under watch to ensure they did not leak news of the attack to the inmates, who were listening to the radio inside the prison.
While Rose and Zaharko rained ordnance on Cellblock 1, a contingent of seven teams of National Guard waited outside the door to the women's prison on the western wall of the prison. As soon as the first bazooka round hit Cellblock 1, they burst through the door and split up, some rushing the main entrance to Cellblock 1, others going to Cellblock 2, and more circling around to storm Inside Administration.
The team that invaded Cellblock 1 had to burst through two barricaded doors before gaining access to the tiers of cells. Most of the inmates were already in their cells and did not give the Guardsmen any problems. The soldiers filed up to where the hostages were kept and freed them, escorting them through the door into the minimum security facility in the northeast corner of the wall. All the hostages emerged unharmed.
Back in Cellblock 1, a team of Guardsmen entered the tower where Myles and Smart were hiding. The soldiers had to push past a pile of rubble which had been removed from the unsuccessful tunneling attempt as they made their way up the stairs. During their ascent, Jerry Myles managed to shoot Lieutenant Francis "Russ" Pulliam in the arm, who was removed and remanded to the hospital at Fort Harrison in Helena. Just after Pulliam was shot, a third bazooka round exploded against the tower, followed by tear gas canisters fired from the walls. Moments after the gas began to take effect, Myles and Smart fully ended the riot with a murder-suicide.
Aftermath.
In an interview for "TIME" Magazine which ran just after the riot, Warden Floyd Powell said, "Things are going to get a lot tougher around here." As soon as official control returned to the prison, the prison guards and National Guard soldiers locked all 438 inmates inside their cells and began a systematic search of the facility. Tier by tier, the guards removed the prisoners from their cells, had them strip down and stand naked in the prison yard while National Guardsmen removed all personal effects from the cells. The prisoners were subjected to cavity searches, and many, including George Alton, had the dead bodies of Myles and Smart paraded in front of them before the cadavers were surrendered to the coroner. In their search of the cellhouses, the guards found 382 knives and had to haul away other contraband to the city dump in several 2½ ton truck loads.
Warden Powell decided that severe segregation for the remaining instigators of the riot was in order, so he moved the women prisoners out of their building and into housing across the street. They would eventually end up in the Montana Women's Prison in Billings, Montana. He converted the small building into a maximum security facility which had twenty-four high security and disciplinary cells. George Alton spent two years in one of these cells, which, at the time, did not have plumbing. Inmates were provided a "honey bucket", and it was common practice for recalcitrant inmates to slosh the contents of this waste bucket at passing guards, which led to the installation of screens or wooden doors outside the bars. Two cells were installed with an angled bar along one wall to which an inmate could be hand- and ankle-cuffed to prevent him from suicide attempts, and two more were converted into "black box" cells, much like the hole had been.
In the years that followed the riot, Floyd Powell strove to provide the state of Montana with a new facility. The riot had raised awareness of the need for reform, but a five million dollar bond issue put to the citizens of the state failed by a resounding 70%. A large earthquake damaged Cellblock 2 on 17 August 1959, and the antiquated building was condemned. Its destruction kept inmates busy for a few weeks, but led to severe overcrowding in Cellblock 1. In 1961, Governor Nutter curtailed the construction of new state buildings and the state government cut funding to the prison in the amount of $500,000. Warden Floyd Powell resigned in February 1962, a "distraught and frustrated man".
Last years.
In the twenty years between 1959 and when the facility was shut down in 1979, the Old Montana Prison struggled with the same problems which had plagued the institution for the entirety of its history: overcrowding, underfunding, and substandard conditions. The 1959 riot had raised awareness, but few Montanans recognized the problems or realized the extent of them.
1975 Theater fire.
On 3 December 1975, after the building was vacated after a showing of "The ODESSA File", fire broke out in the WA Clark Theatre. The fire managed to burn for two and a half hours before a guard noticed smoke coming from the building, and by the time help arrived, it was too late. Warden Frank Conley's "proudest achievement" had been destroyed. The state fire marshal would later determine the fire had been caused by a "homemade incendiary device". The arsonist was never discovered, but the remaining cellblock was searched and the presence of contraband, including weapons, inspired Warden Crist to sentence a dozen inmates to the maximum security building, which had been closed for three years.
Retirement of the Facility.
Almost ten years after Warden Floyd Powell resigned, Governor Forrest Anderson, who had been instrumental in the negotiations which led to the end of the pea riot in 1957, managed to get the state legislature to approve $3.8 million to be used in the construction of a new facility, but the funds did not become available until 1973. In 1974, contractors broke ground on the new prison, situated about three miles (5 km) outside of Deer Lodge on which had once been Warden Conley's ranch. The construction continued for five years, and the last inmates were removed from the Old Montana Prison on 5 September 1979. The old facility had been added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, but, upon the removal of inmates from the facility, the state was at a loss as to what to do with it.
Old Prison Museum.
The city of Deer Lodge purchased the campus and turned the care of it over to the Powell County Museum and Arts Foundation. The prison is now the Old Prison Museum, a complex that includes tours of the historic prison and buildings housing other collections. 
References in popular culture.
The 1975 film "Rancho Deluxe" directed by Frank Perry and starring Sam Waterston and Jeff Bridges. The end of this film, when the main characters are convicted of cattle rustling, was filmed at the prison ranch and closes the film with the iconic "Montana Prison Ranch" sign and ranch gate.
The 1982 film "Fast-Walking" directed by James B. Harris and starring James Woods was partly filmed in the prison.
The 1985 film "Runaway Train" directed by Andrei Konchalovsky starring Jon Voight, Eric Roberts and Rebecca De Mornay was partly filmed in the prison.
The 1992 film "Diggstown" directed by Michael Ritchie and starring James Woods and Louis Gossett, Jr. was partly filmed in the prison.
The Discovery Channel show "Ghost Lab" filmed a paranormal investigation at the location that aired December 25, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20655615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655615" title="Distrito Nacional Women">
Distrito Nacional Women

The Distrito Nacional is the female volleyball team of Distrito Nacional. 
History.
The team was found in 2007.
Current volleyball squad.
"As of December 2008"
Coach: Wilson Sánchez
Assistant coach: Wagner Pacheco
Palmares.
National competition.
National league: 2

</doc>
<doc id="20655628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655628" title="Hesse Cup">
Hesse Cup

The Hesse Cup (German: "Hessenpokal") is one of the 21 regional cup competitions of German football. The winner of the competition gains entry to the first round of the German Cup. 
History.
The Cup was established in 1945, after the end of the Second World War, in the state of Hessen, which then was part of the US occupation zone in Germany.
The Hessen Cup is played annually.
From 1974 onwards, the winner of the Hessen Cup qualified for the first round of the German Cup.
Modus.
Professional clubs are not permitted to enter the competition, meaning, no teams from the "Fußball-Bundesliga" and the "2nd Bundesliga" can compete. 
In 2008–09, the best 15 teams of the regional cups in Hesse qualified for the first round of the Hesse Cup. All clubs from Hesse playing in the "Regionalliga" and below take part in these competitions. Additionally, Kickers Offenbach and SV Wehen Wiesbaden are the two clubs from Hesse in the 3rd Liga, so they qualify directly for the Hesse Cup.
The final is played at a neutral location but the two finalists can agree to play the game at one of the two clubs home ground.
Cup finals.
Held annually at the end of season, these are the cup finals since 1945:
Winners & finalists.
Listed in order of wins, the Cup winners are:

</doc>
<doc id="20655639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655639" title="Yangcheng Evening News">
Yangcheng Evening News

Yangcheng Evening News () is a Chinese newspaper in the Standard Chinese language, national unified publication number CN44-0006 in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.
History.
The publication was started on October 1, 1957, in Guangzhou city, People's Republic of China. Started from May 18, 1998, this paper was among the several newspapers published by the Yangcheng Evening News Group.
Yangcheng Evening News is one of the world's largest circulated newspapers: in 2008, its daily circulation was estimated to be 1,170,000 List of newspapers in the World by circulation, distributed mainly in the Pearl River Delta area, South China.

</doc>
<doc id="20655641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655641" title="Gravely">
Gravely

Gravely may refer to:
People with the surname Gravely:

</doc>
<doc id="20655681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655681" title="Fort Baxter (Kansas)">
Fort Baxter (Kansas)

Fort Baxter, also known as Fort Blair, was a small US Army post located in the southeast corner of Kansas near present-day Baxter Springs. This area was known as the Cherokee Strip. It was one of a few Kansas forts attacked by Confederate forces during the American Civil War. At one point the Confederate government claimed authority over the Neutral Lands. Both Union and Confederate troops operated in the area, as did guerrilla forces and militias prevalent in the Kansas-Missouri border area.
Fort Baxter was established during the war by Gen. James G. Blunt in May 1863. It was later described by the writer William E. Connelley as "consist of some log cabins with a total frontage of about 100 feet, facing east toward Spring river. Back of the fort, and of the same width, was a large space enclosed by embankments of earth thrown up against logs and about 4 feet high." The west wall of the embankment was torn out on October 5, 1863, to extend the north and south walls some 200 yards farther west. While still unfinished, the fort was attacked by Quantrill's raiders the next day, while about 60 men were out foraging on the prairie.
They had happened on to some Union forces while on the way to winter camp in Texas. The Union garrison, about 25 white cavalry and 65-70 infantry men of the United States Colored Troops defended the fort. Quantrill moved his men against the Union force led by Blunt out on the prairie, who was transferring a detachment from Fort Scott east to Fort Smith, Arkansas. Quantrill's guerrillas outnumbered the Union forces and killed most of them, a total of 103 men. Blunt and a few cavalry survived and escaped back to Fort Baxter.
After the massacre of Blunt's force, Quantrill withdrew and continued to Texas. The troops stationed at Fort Blair and the survivors of Blunt's force moved away from Fort Baxter and into Camp Ben Butler. They buried most of the dead from both sides in mass graves.
When word of Blunt's defeat reached Fort Scott, Kansas, five companies of US troops were sent to temporarily reinforce Baxter Springs. But on October 20, 1863, the troops in Baxter Springs were ordered to abandon the area and return to the better fortified Fort Scott. They destroyed and burned everything they could not take with them, and the US Army abandoned Fort Baxter as a military post.

</doc>
<doc id="20655684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655684" title="Rosalie Purvis">
Rosalie Purvis

Rosalie Purvis (born 1975) is a Dutch-American theatre director and choreographer. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree from Bard College, followed by a Master of Arts degree from Brooklyn College. During the late 1990s, she gained a considerable following in the Netherlands. According to "De Telegraaf", she was the youngest artist to win the Orange Prize (1999), the leading Dutch award for work in avant-garde theater. Much of her stagecraft was associated with the prestigious Duke Romijn Theatre in Amsterdam. She also co-wrote the best-selling Dutch children's book, "Jana’s nachtreis", with Ceseli Josephus Jitta. 
Purvis later moved to the United States and founded an avant-garde theater company, Token 150, in New York City.
In the United States, Purvis is best known for her work on Berthold Brecht's "The Good Person of Sezchuan" and for reviving Jonathan Levy's classic, "Charlie the Chicken" for contemporary audiences. She has also staged new works by T.D. Mitchell and Mya Kagan. 
Purvis currently teaches acting at Pace University and in the theater department at Lehman College.

</doc>
<doc id="20655696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655696" title="Stephan Schulzer von Müggenburg">
Stephan Schulzer von Müggenburg

Stephan Schulzer von Müggenburg (Viduševac, Croatia, 12.19.1802 – Vinkovci, Croatia, 2.5.1892) was a Hungarian – Croatian army officer and mycologist. His first name is variably spelled Stefan Stjepan or István.
Schulzer von Müggenburg was born into abject poverty in a dilapidated castle at the periphery of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. His mother died in his early childhood. He was brought up by, and received a Spartan home-education from, his well educated but very strict father, a retired army officer of Saxonian descent, who died when Schulzer was fifteen. Schulzer spent the following three years in a military academy-like company of cadets in Olomouc (Olmütz). After enlisting he spent seven years as "Cadet" (officer in training) and the following six as "Fähnrich" (officer candidate). Having finally attained the rank of a second lieutenant he became a captain within the following ten years. In 1821 he participated in the Piedmont campaign. In fighting a fire he lost the use of both hands and was retired from active duty two years later. He however volunteered to establish and manage a military hospital where he fell victim to a disease which left him deaf and vision impaired. He was married and had two daughters.
A chance encounter with a popular mushroom manual in 1831 awakened his intellectual curiosity. He taught himself natural history and sufficient Greek and Latin. Within a relatively short time he evolved from a gifted amateur mycologist to one appreciated by his more academic peers. In the interim he regained most of the use of his hands and some hearing. He published extensively in the mycological literature of his time. Much of his work remains unpublished, but some was edited and published by his colleagues and at times scientific rivals Károly Kalchbrenner and Friedrich von Hazslin.
The genus "Schulzeria" (Agaricales) bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="20655717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655717" title="Jhansi Fort">
Jhansi Fort

Jhansi Fort or Jhansi ka Kila"' is a fortress situated on a large hilltop called Bangira, in Uttar Pradesh, Northern India. It served as a stronghold of the Chandela Kingsin Balwant Nagar from the 11th through the 17th century.
The name Jhansi is said to derive from the word "jhainsi" meaning "indistinct." According to legend: "Raja Bir Singh Deo of Orchha sat on the roof of his palace with his great friend the Raja of Jaitpur. He asked his friend whether he could see the distant fort on Bangara hill. The reply was that he could see it "jhainsi" (indistinctly). 
In 1729, Mohammed Khan Bangash attacked Chattrasal. and helped Maharaja Chattrasal defeat the Mughal army. As a mark of gratitude, Maharaja Chattrasal offered a part of his state, which included Jhansi, toMohammed Khan Bangash . In 1742 Naroshanker was made the subedar of Jhansi. During his tenure of 15 years he not only extended the strategically important Jhansi fort (the extension is called Shankergarh), but also constructed other buildings. In 1757, after Naroshanker was called back by the Peshwa. Madhav Govind Kakirde and then Babulal Kanahai were made the subedars of Jhansi. From 1766-69 Vishwas Rao Laxman served as the subedar of Jhansi. Then Raghunath Rao (II) Newalkar was appointed the subedar of Jhansi. He was a very able administrator, increasing the revenue of the state and building both the MahaLakshmi Temple and the Raghunath Temple. 
After the death of Shiv Rao his grandson Ramchandra Rao was made subedar of Jhansi. His poorly-administered term ended with is death in 1835. His successor Raghunath Rao (III) died in 1838. The British rulers then accepted Gangadhar Rao as the Raja of Jhansi. The inefficient administration of Raghunath Rao (III) left Jhansi in a very poor financial position.
However, he was succeeded by Raja Gangadhar Rao, who was a very good administrator. He was reportedly very generous and sympathetic, and the local population of Jhansi was well satisfied. In 1842 Raja Gangadhar Rao married Manikarnika Tambe who was the given the new name of Lakshmi Bai. Lakshmi Bai ruled Jhansi after the death of her husband and used the fort as her residence. In 1858 she led Jhansi forces against those of the British East India Company.
Jhansi was besieged by the company forces of General Hugh Rose in March and April 1858 and was captured on 4 April 1858. Rani Lakshmi Bai was able to make a daring escape on horseback from the fort and the city before the city was pillaged by Rose's troops.
In 1861 the British Government gave the Jhansi fort and Jhansi city to Jiyaji Rao Scindia, the Maharaja of Gwalior, but the British took back Jhansi from Gwalior state in 1868.
Structure.
The fort standing in the hilly area shows how the north Indian style of fort construction differs from that of the south. In the south most of the forts were built on the sea beds like Bekal Fort in Kerala. The granite walls of the fort are between 16 and 20 feet thick and on the south side meet the city walls. The south face of the fort is almost perpendicular. There are 10 gates giving access to the fort. Some of these are Khanderao Gate, Datia Darwaza, Unnao Gate, Jharna Gate, Laxmi Gate, Sagar Gate, Orchha Gate, Sainyar Gate and Chand Gate. Notable sights in the fort are the Shiva temple, Ganesh temple at the entrance, and the Kadak Bijli cannon used in the uprising of 1857. The memorial board reminds one of the hair-raising feat of the Rani Lakshmibai in jumping on horseback from the fort (a legendary rather than a historical incident) . Nearby is the Rani Mahal, built in the later half of the 18th century where there is now an archaeological museum.
The fort extends to a sprawling and this colossal structure measures about 312m in length and 225m in width. On the whole, there are twenty-two supports with a mammoth strengthening wall surrounded by a moat on both sides. The shattered upholder on the eastern side was rebuilt by the British, who also added a floor to Panch Mahal.
Events.
Every year in the month of January–February a grand occasion is held known as Jhansi Mahotsav when many eminent personalities and artists perform their play.

</doc>
<doc id="20655753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655753" title="Hermann Wagner (geographer)">
Hermann Wagner (geographer)

Hermann Wagner (June 23, 1840 - June 18, 1929) was a German geographer and cartographer who was a native of Erlangen. He was the son of anatomist Rudolf Wagner (1805-1864) and brother to economist Adolph Wagner (1835-1917).
He received his education at the University of Erlangen, and in 1868 went to work for the publishing firm "Justus Perthes Geographische Anstalt Gotha". Until 1876 he was editor of the statistical portion of the "Gothaer Almanack", and in 1872 co-founded the geographical/statistical review- "Die Bevolkerung der Erde" with Ernst Behm (1830-1884). 
In 1876 Wagner taught classes in geography at the University of Königsberg, and in 1880 became professor of geography at the University of Göttingen, where he established the institute of geography. From 1880 to 1908 he was an editor of the "Geographisches Jahrbuch".
His better known publications include the textbook "Lehrbuch der Geographie" (7th edition, 1903), and the "Sydow-Wagner Methodischer Schulatlas", a school atlas named in conjunction with cartographer Emil von Sydow (1812-1873).

</doc>
<doc id="20655759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655759" title="Ancient Airs and Dances">
Ancient Airs and Dances

Ancient Airs and Dances (Italian: "Antiche arie e danze") is a set of three orchestral suites by Italian composer Ottorino Respighi. In addition to being a renowned composer and conductor, Respighi was also a notable musicologist. His interest in Italian music of the 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries led him to compose works inspired by the music of these periods.
Suite No. 1 (1917).
Suite No. 1 was composed in 1917. It was based on Renaissance lute pieces by Simone Molinaro, Vincenzo Galilei (father of Galileo Galilei) and additional anonymous composers.
Suite No. 2 (1923).
Suite No. 2 was composed in 1923. It was based on pieces for lute, archlute, and viol by Fabritio Caroso, Jean-Baptiste Besard, Bernardo Gianoncelli, and an anonymous composer. It also includes an aria attributed to Marin Mersenne. 
Suite No. 3 (1932).
Suite No. 3 was composed in 1932. It differs from the previous two suites in that it is arranged for strings only and somewhat melancholy in overall mood. It is based on lute songs by Besard, a piece for baroque guitar by Ludovico Roncalli, and lute pieces by Santino Garsi da Parma and additional anonymous composers.

</doc>
<doc id="20655809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655809" title="Kodam Jaya">
Kodam Jaya

Kodam Jaya is a military command area (effectively a military district) of the Military of Indonesia. It oversees Jakarta, the capital city, as well as three regions outside of Jakarta: Bekasi and Depok, which are administratively in West Java province; and Tangerang, which is in Banten province.
History.
On 1 September 1945, the People's Security Organization (Badan Keamanan Rakyat/BKR) was founded in Jakarta, and was led by Lt. Col. Mufraeni Mukmin. On 29 September 1945, allied forces (with Netherlands Indies Civil Administration personnel attached) under the command of Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christison landed from the HMS Cumberland (57) in Tanjung Priok Harbor to disarm Japanese troops and to liberate prisoners of war. BKR and Indonesian youth in API, Kris Hisbulah, and other paramilitary organizations confronted the allied forces. In order to increase armed resistance against the allied forces, the government of the Republic of Indonesia founded the People's Security Forces (Tentara Keamanan Rakyat/TKR) on 5 October 1945. One regiment of TKR in Jakarta was organized under the command of Lt.Col. Mufraini Mukmin.
On 24 September 1949, the Dutch government recognized Indonesia's Independence, one of the first actions of which was the signing of documents for the transfer of power in Jakarta Raya area from Comando Batavia En Ommelanden of the Dutch to Basis Comando Jakarta Raya of Indonesia, under supervision of Komisi Tiga Negara (KTN). This established September 24 as the anniversary day of Kodam Jaya. In December 1949, some units such as "Kala Hitam" Battalion and "Siluman" Battalion were dispatched to reinforce Basis Comando Jakarta Raya, following which Lt.Col. R. Taswin Natadiningrat was appointed as commander of Basis Comando Jakarta Raya.
In January 1950, Basis Comando Jakarta Raya change its name to Komando Militer Pangkalan Jakarta Raya (KMP Jakarta Raya). Then, in accordance with instruction from Army HQ on 10 May 1950, abaut Komando Militer Kota (KMK) was changed to Komando Militer Kota Besar Djakarta Raya ( KMKB-DR). As the Republic of Indonesia continued to developm, the Army Chief of Staff released two letters of command numbered SP 1671/10/1959 and SP 1672/10/1959 (both dated 24 December 1959), the first calling for the transfer of responsibility of KMKB-DR and appointment of formatur of Kodam V/Jayakarta, and the second regarding the changing of KMKB-DR to Komando Daerah Militer V/Jayakarta, abbreviated Kodam V/Jaya. After that, in 19 January 1960, at 9:00 am in Lapangan Banteng, the Army Chief of Staff appointed Col.(inf) Umar Wirahadikusumah as the first Commander of Kodam V/Jaya.
Territorial units.
The Territorial Units in Kodam Jaya are two Resort Military Command(Korem) units and a self-supporting District Military Command(Kodim)unit.
Training units.
Training units in Kodam Jaya are organized under Kodam Jaya Main Regiment (Resimen Induk Kodam Jaya(Rindam Jaya)). The units are:

</doc>
<doc id="20655836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655836" title="Bring on the Night (disambiguation)">
Bring on the Night (disambiguation)

Bring on the Night is a 1986 live album by Sting recorded over the course of several live shows in 1985.
Bring on the Night may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20655842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655842" title="Baxter Field">
Baxter Field

Baxter International Baseball Field or the Albert Park International Baseball Stadium is home to the Far North Coast Baseball Association, part of Baseball Queensland, in Lismore, New South Wales. It is a fully fenced and regulation size field with field level fenced dugouts, bullpens, 2 battery cages as well as covered stands. Floodlighting is of international standard and has numerous Claxton Shield games since 1968.
Opposite to Baxter Field is Thew Field which serves as a playing field for juniors as well as a warm up and training field. It is also a regulation sized, floodlight field.

</doc>
<doc id="20655854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655854" title="4 in Love (album)">
4 in Love (album)

4 in Love is third and the last studio album by Mini Cookies, and it was released on December 18, 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="20655874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655874" title="Vladimir Sladojević">
Vladimir Sladojević

Club career.
Sladojević previously played for Górnik Zabrze in the Polish Ekstraklasa, MFK Ružomberok in the Slovak Superliga and NK Drava in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20655888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655888" title="Jamni River">
Jamni River

±
"Jamni River" is a river in northern India. It is a main tributary of the Betwa River and enters Lalitpur District near Madanpur village.
It meets Betwa river near town of Orchha.

</doc>
<doc id="20655939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655939" title="Federico Bonelli">
Federico Bonelli

Federico Bonelli is an Italian ballet dancer and a principal of the Royal Ballet in London, England.
Biography.
Federico Bonelli was born in Genoa, Italy. He trained in classical ballet at the Turin Dance Academy before graduating into Zurich Ballet, a professional ballet company based at the Zurich Opera House in Zurich, Switzerland. He has also danced with the Dutch National Ballet based in Amsterdam, Netherlands. In September 2003, Bonelli was made a principal dancer of the Royal Ballet, based at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20655983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655983" title="ShockHound">
ShockHound

ShockHound was an online music download site, retail store and social networking platform launched by Hot Topic in 2008. ShockHound music files were available for download in the MP3 format, making them compatible with most digital music players, and free from digital rights management (DRM) software restrictions. Randy Bookasta ("Ray Gun" magazine) and Dan Epstein ("Revolver" magazine) were contributing content editors.
On March 28, 2011, ShockHound posted an announcement stating they would be shutting down for good on May 15, 2011. 
Content.
ShockHound had an online social networking platform which allowed users to create and share content. Additional website content included music reviews, rock concerts, interviews, music videos, streaming audio, and original programming called "Shock Shows", including Taco Tuesday and Stella Can't Cook. ShockHound opened its first retail store in Torrance, California in the Del Amo Fashion Center.
Cross merchandising.
In addition to music downloads, music-related merchandise was also available on the website, including band T-shirts, accessories, posters, concert tickets, and Vinyl records. This type of cross merchandising was unique in the digital audio market. ShockHound utilized a proprietary shopping cart functionality which combined music downloads and merchandise purchases into a single transaction.
Concert sponsorships.
As part of their opening launch in 2008, ShockHound offered free concerts by No Age, Titus Andronicus and Snow Patrol, to users in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Las Vegas and San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="20655987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655987" title="Brian Deese">
Brian Deese

Brian Deese is the Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget. He previously worked at the United States National Economic Council as special assistant to the president for economic policy. 
Following the 2008 presidential election, he served as a member of the Economic Policy Working Group for the Obama-Biden transition. He emerged as "one of the most influential voices" in the Obama Administration relative to the auto industry, and specifically the Chrysler and GM workouts. He has appeared in videos posted on change.gov by the transition team. Before joining the transition team, he was deputy economic policy director for the 2008 Barack Obama presidential campaign and, before that, for Gene Sperling in the 2008 Clinton campaign. He graduated from Middlebury College in 2000 with a degree in Political Science and from Yale Law School in 2009. Previously, he was a senior policy analyst for economic policy at the Center for American Progress. Deese also worked as a research assistant at the Center for Global Development, hired by founder Nancy Birdsall, according to "The New York Times", where he co-authored the book "Delivering on Debt Relief". In November of 2011, Deese was included on "The New Republic's" list of Washington's most powerful, least famous people. 

</doc>
<doc id="20655988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20655988" title="La Virgen Negra">
La Virgen Negra

La Virgen Negra ("The Black Virgin") is a Venezuelan comedy film mixed with romance and magic realism. It is the first movie of the 25-year-old filmmaker Ignacio Castillo.
The film tells the story of the strange changes in the lives of the inhabitants of a small fishing village (possibly an allusion to Barlovento) in the Venezuelan coast after the appearance of a black virgin.
The film is set in the town of Higuerote in the northern coastal state of Miranda, Venezuela 
Plot.
The film begins with Franklin (Rodriguez) trying to give his first kiss to "la negrita" (Rosales) when he is suddenly interrupted by a desperate Manita (Torres), who is concerned because her husband hasn't had sex with her in months. 
Manita then visits a mysterious woman, who is believed to be a witch, Lurdita (Aragon) who asks her to change the virgin of the church by the black virgin. Behind everybody's back and with the approval of Sra Isabel (Maura), the founder of the town, the black virgin becomes their new patron.
After that, strange things begin to happen in this village changing the routine of its inhabitants: the black virgin stopped it from getting dark, stopped the invasions of the vandals, make people fell in love and at the same time killed and sickened some. On the other hand, Lurdita (who is believed to be the builder of the black virgin) leaves the town saying others might need her help. 
One morning, Franklin is playing baseball and as the kids were making fun of him he hits the ball so hard that breaks the image of the black virgin. After this, the vandals took over the town and killed almost everyone on it. The only survivors are shipped in a boat to the middle of the sea. Suddenly it begins to dawn in the middle of the night and Lurdita is seen smiling at the shores of the beach marking the end of the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20656028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656028" title="Bridge (1988 film)">
Bridge (1988 film)

Bridge () is a musical film, the first USA/USSR student co-production.
Plot.
A bittersweet love story that takes place in the vision of their futures of two children, one American and one Soviet. The Soviet dreams of coming here, while the American dreams of dancing with the Bolshoi Ballet. As both try to pursue their goals, symbolically both countries still have a long way to go. The film is not political. The focus is on the cultures and people of our two dynamic countries.
Background.
The music video is the brainchild of Robert Kath, who brought the idea to All-Union State Institute of Cinematography (VGIK), the film school in Moscow.
In July of 1988, Robert Kath, and Paolo Mazzucato and Stuart Merrill traveled to Moscow, in what was, at the time, the U.S.S.R.. It had taken over a year of planning and preparation to find the proper channel of communication by which Kath’s proposal for a joint US/Soviet student film production could be delivered to a receptive authority within the Soviet Union 
The played song "Bridges of Trust" is a collaborative effort by Soviet composer Vladimir Kopisov and the American group Collective Vision.
The first US/USSR student co-production, the film was screened via-satellite at American embassies around the world during the May/June 1990 summit between then presidents George Bush and Mikhail Gorbachev.

</doc>
<doc id="20656038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656038" title="The Sixth Sense (Lee Morgan album)">
The Sixth Sense (Lee Morgan album)

The Sixth Sense is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan, released on the Blue Note label in 1969. The album features performances by Morgan, Jackie McLean, Frank Mitchell, Cedar Walton, Victor Sproles and Billy Higgins. The CD reissue added three tracks featuring Harold Mabern and Mickey Bass.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 3.5 stars stating "The appropriately title Sixth Sense presents a transition between one of the most intriguing sextets during the last years of post-bop and Morgan's final ensembles that saw him reaching higher and higher before, like Icarus, falling from grace.".
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on CD reissue:
"Recorded on November 10, 1967 (tracks 1-6) and September 13, 1968 (tracks 7-9)."

</doc>
<doc id="20656061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656061" title="Thompson Middle School">
Thompson Middle School

Thompson Middle School may refer to one of these schools:

</doc>
<doc id="20656081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656081" title="Sternarchogiton nattereri">
Sternarchogiton nattereri

Sternarchogiton nattereri is a species of weakly electric knifefish in the family Apteronotidae. It is native to the Amazon River system and feeds on sponges. Unlike other members of the genus "Sternarchogiton", there is pronounced sexual dimorphism in "S. nattereri", with reproductively mature males developing strong external teeth on tips of their jaws. These males are so different from the females and juveniles that they were thought to be a different genus and species, the "tooth-lip knifefish" "Oedemognathus exodon", for over 40 years.
Distribution and habitat.
"S. nattereri" is restricted to large river channels in the lowlands of the Amazon basin. Its habitat ranges from high-conductivity, sediment-rich whitewaters such as the Rio Solimões, to low-conductivity, sediment-poor blackwaters such as the Rio Negro. It is one of the most common gymnotiforms in Rio Solimões.
Description.
"S. nattereri" has a laterally compressed, knife-shaped body. The dorsal profile of the head is sharply curved from the nape to the snout. The mouth is terminal, with the upper jaw longer than the lower. The dentary is as long as deep, bearing a row of 7–8 conical teeth on the posterior portion, and there are upper and lower pharyngeal tooth plates bearing 9–11 and 7–9 teeth respectively. The eyes are small and covered by translucent skin. The long anal fin contains 180–198 rays. The pectoral fins are broad and pointed with 13–15 rays each, and the lanceolate caudal fin contains 11–15 rays and is almost completely covered with scales. There is a whip-like dorsal appendage anchored into a groove along the back by many fine threads of tendon.
In reproductively mature males, the head becomes elongated and prominent external teeth develop on the upper and lower jaws. Males with teeth tend to have larger gonads than those without. The coloration is a uniform pale white with a pinkish hue caused by subdermal capillaries, especially over anal fin pterygiophores (fin support bones). The operculum is pink due to the presence of the gills underneath. The dorsal surface is gray, with tuberous electroreceptors visible as white dots. All the fins are hyaline, without dark chromatophores. The maximum known length is 25 cm, with males tending to be larger than females.
Biology and ecology.
The diet of "S. nattereri" consists of freshwater sponges growing on submerged trees, stumps, and other woody debris. Before they were recognized to be the males of "S. nattereri", ""Oedemognathus exodon"" was speculated to use its dentition to feed on fish scales. The external teeth of male "S. nattereri" are now thought to be used in combat for territory or mates; scars and scratches have been found on the napes of several specimens.
In the Tefé region of Brazil, breeding occurs during the rising water period, with adults spawning in floating meadows along the edges of paraná channels (side branches of whitewater rivers that run through adjacent várzea floodplains). As water levels rise further and dissolved oxygen levels drop, the growing juveniles eventually disperse out of these floodplains within floating rafts of vegetation.
Like other apteronotids, "S. nattereri" produces a continuous, weak electric field for the purposes of electrolocation and communication; this electric organ discharge (EOD) has a fundamental frequency between 732–1465 Hz, one of the largest ranges in the Apteronotidae. The waveform of this discharge has 2–4 phases and exhibits significant variation amongst individuals, but there is no obvious sexual dimorphism. "S. nattereri" is additionally able to modulate the frequency and amplitude of its EOD to produce communication signals called "chirps" (short-duration, high-frequency signals) and "gradual frequency rises" (long-duration, low-frequency signals). The frequency elevation of "S. nattereri" chirps ranges between 50 and 300 Hz above baseline, with a maximum of 500 Hz.

</doc>
<doc id="20656087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656087" title="Făt Frumos (magazine)">
Făt Frumos (magazine)

Făt Frumos was a semimonthly literary magazine published in Bârlad, Romania. Covering political, economic and literary topics, was first printed on March 15, 1904, at the C. D. Lupaşcu printing shop. The chief editors were George Tutoveanu and D. Nanu, and, at a later date Corneliu Moldoveanu and Anastasie Mândru. The last issue of the magazine was printed on February 1, 1906. From March 1, 1909 to April 1, 1909, it was edited by writer Emil Gârleanu.
"Făt Frumos" was an important presence on Romania's literary scene, publishing contributions by known writers such as Mihail Sadoveanu, Nicolae Iorga, Eugen Lovinescu, Gheorghe Vâlsan, Arthur Gorovei, Dimitrie Anghel, Elena Farago and Ilarie Chendi.

</doc>
<doc id="20656097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656097" title="Caleb Bentley">
Caleb Bentley

Caleb Bentley (1762–1851) was a silversmith, shopkeeper, and first postmaster in Brookeville, Maryland. Bentley was born in Chester County, Pennsylvania in 1762.
In the early 1780s, Caleb emigrated with his brother, spending some time in York, Pennsylvania and then moved to Leesburg, Virginia in 1786. While in York, Bentley became a Quaker. In the early 1790s, Bentley established himself as a silversmith in Georgetown, Washington, D.C. Bentley was commissioned by President George Washington to make the brass cornerstone used for the White House groundbreaking ceremony in 1792. A year later, Bentley made a silver cornerstone which was used for the United States Capitol.
Bentley relocated to Montgomery County, Maryland in 1794, settling in Brookeville, where his wife's (Sarah Brook) family owned a large tract of land. In Brookeville, Bentley opened a store and a post office in 1802, becoming the First Postmaster of Brookeville. His first wife died in 1805, and two years later, he remarried to Marie Henrietta Thomas. Bentley was also a founder of the Brookeville Academy, and along with two brothers-in-law, established the town of Triadelphia, on the Patuxent River.
Bentley's wife, Marie Henrietta Thomas, was a close friend of Dolley Madison. In August 1814, during the War of 1812, the White House was set ablaze by British troops during the Burning of Washington, in retaliation for burning Upper Canada's Parliament Buildings in the Battle of York. On August 26, 1814, President James Madison fled Washington, D.C., initially going to Virginia, but then turning north towards Rockville, where he expected to find General John Henry Winder and his troops. Winder's troops had already proceeded on towards Baltimore. Madison continued on eastward and arrived in Brookeville on horseback, where he found refuge in the home of Caleb Bentley. Madison stayed up all night dispatching orders.
The Bentleys continued to live in Montgomery County for years, though he returned to live for a period of time in Georgetown in the late 1830s. Bentley died in 1851 in Sandy Spring, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20656098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656098" title="Walter Miller (wrestler)">
Walter Miller (wrestler)

Walter Miller was the middleweight wrestling champion in 1919.
Biography.
He was born in Australia and contracted rheumatic fever as a child.

</doc>
<doc id="20656124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656124" title="Sentinels of the Republic">
Sentinels of the Republic

The Sentinels of the Republic was a national organization that opposed what it saw as federal encroachment on the rights of the States and of the individual. Politically right-wing, the group was highly active in the 1920s and 1930s, during which it worked against child labor legislation and the New Deal. Accusations of antisemitism and a decreasing relevance of its political agenda both served to weaken the organization, which ultimately disbanded in 1944.
Origins and formation.
The Sentinels of the Republic was created as part of a surge in constitutionalism that occurred during the 1920s and 30s. During this period, historian Michael Kammen writes, constitutionalism "assumed a more central role in American culture than it ever had before," and resulted in "the efflorescence of intensely partisan organizations that promoted patriotic constitutionalism as an antidote to two dreaded nemeses, governmental centralization and socialism."
In Massachusetts, on 22 September 1922 (in honor of the 200th anniversary of the birth of Samuel Adams), several of these organizations, including the National Association for Constitutional Government, the Public Interest League, the League for Preservation of American Independence, the Constitution Liberty League, the Anti-Centralization Club, the Sons of the Revolution, the American Legion, the Society of the Cincinnati, the American Rights League, and the American Defense Society joined forces under a cooperative arrangement called the "Sentinels of the Republic". Louis A. Coolidge was chosen as the group's first president.
The main purpose of the new organization was to serve as a defense against unconstitutional legislation. The Sentinels were particularly concerned with protecting the rights of the States, limiting government's interference with and regulation of business, and combating the threat of international communism.
The founding principles of the Sentinels were:
The organization's motto was: "Every citizen a Sentinel: every home a sentry box!"
Leaders and notable members.
The Sentinels' founding members were:
Coolidge served as the Sentinels' first president from 1922 until his death in 1925. He was succeeded by Bentley Wirt Warren, a Boston lawyer who had been the Democratic Party's candidate for Massachusetts' 11th Congressional District seat in 1894. Warren served from 1925 to 1927 and was succeeded by Alexander Lincoln, also a Boston lawyer, who served from 1927 to 1936.
Raymond Pitcairn, son of PPG Industries founder, John Pitcairn, Jr., who served as the Sentinels' national chairman for several years, was also the group's primary benefactor: in early 1935 he single-handedly revitalized the Sentinels with a donation of $85,000 (more than $1.25 million in 2008 dollars
). To a group which had raised exactly $15,378.74 since 1931, this was a massive injection of capital.
Other notable or prominent supporters of the Sentinels included Pitcairn's two brothers, Harold Frederick Pitcairn and Rev. Theodore Pitcairn; several powerful members of the du Pont Nemours chemical manufacturing dynasty (Pierre S. du Pont, President; Irénée du Pont, Vice Chairman; Henry du Pont, Director of the Du Pont family's Wilmington Trust; and A. B. Echols, Vice President of du Pont Nemours and Director of the Wilmington Trust); Alfred P. Sloan, the long-time president and chairman of General Motors; Atwater Kent, the wealthy radio manufacturer; former Pennsylvania Senator George Wharton Pepper; Edward T. Stotesbury, a prominent investment banker and partner of J.P. Morgan & Co. and Drexel & Co.; Horatio Lloyd, also a partner of J.P. Morgan & Co.; J. Howard Pew, the President of Sun Oil; and Bernard Kroger, founder of the Kroger chain of supermarkets.
The Sentinels' chief officers in 1933 included:
Activities and accomplishments.
The Sentinels' primary activities consisted of organized opposition to expansions of the federal government, which they saw as unconstitutional encroachment on the rights of the States and of the individual. Key targets included the creation of the Department of Education, the New Deal, and child labor legislation.
In 1924-1925 the Sentinels garnered national attention when, under the leadership of Louis A. Coolidge, they successfully swayed Massachusetts opinion against the Child Labor Act. They persuaded key Massachusetts constituents to oppose the Child Labor Act by convincing them that it had Bolshevistic origins, and that it would lead to extreme consequences; e.g. denying a teenager of the right to help his widowed mother support his siblings, or even to assist with household and farm chores. The Sentinels also claimed that the proponents of the Child Labor Act wanted to remove children from the influence of their families and the authority of their parents.
Following Coolidge's death in 1925, Bentley Wirt Warren became the Sentinels' second president. Under Warren, the Sentinels continued their efforts to oppose the Sheppard–Towner Maternity and Infancy Protection Act of 1821 and the creation of a federal office of education. By 1927, in good part due to a flood of speakers, pamphlets, letters, and telegrams from the Sentinels, the latter was defeated.
In 1926, in a fund-raising pamphlet entitled "To Arms! To Arms!", the organization boasted that it had "card-indexed more than 2000 radical propagandists making it comparatively easy to check their movements and counteract their activities."
Alexander Lincoln succeeded Warren as president, and it was during his term that the Sentinels achieved their greatest prominence. During the mid-1930s, anti-New-Deal sentiment in the business community led to a substantial increase the Sentinels' standing and financial support.
The Sentinels held annual meetings during this period, at each of which they adopted a "program of policies" which were then disseminated in pamphlet form to stir public opinion. They also gave radio addresses, including two series of weekly addresses aired by the National Broadcasting Company, one in 1931 and the other in 1933-1934. They also held special meetings with "keynote" addresses.
In 1934, under the coordination of national chairman Raymond Pitcairn, the Sentinels conducted a large-scale campaign against a proposed tax law that would have required publication of personal financial data, including an individual’s gross income. They distributed hundreds of thousands of protest stickers and form letters urging people to demand that Congress repeal what they described as an “outrageous invasion of privacy.” The protest was successful: after receiving thousands of letters and telegrams opposing the legislation, Congress backed down.
Accusations of antisemitism.
The Sentinels faced charges of antisemitism in the media and in history books. George Seldes, an influential muckracking journalist of the 1940s, described the Sentinels as "the anti-Semitic enemy of child labor laws" and "the anti-Semitic wing of the first really important American Fascist movement." The historian Jules Archer writes that Sentinel members labeled Roosevelt's New Deal as "Jewish Communism".
Substantiating these allegations, the Black Commission, a 1936 U.S. Senate investigation into lobbying, discovered instances of antisemitic language and attitudes within the Sentinels. Specifically, the commission uncovered a written correspondence between Sentinel member Cleveland Runyon and Alexander Lincoln, the organization's president, in which the latter wrote that the "Jewish threat" to the United States was a "real one" and added that "I am doing what I can as an officer of the Sentinels." The former responded that the "old-line Americans of $1200 a year want a Hitler."
Following the resulting charges of antisemitism, Lincoln later denounced all forms of autocratic government, "whether they be communism, bolshevism, fascism, or Hitlerism." The commander-in-chief of the Jewish War Veterans wrote to Lincoln that, following its own investigation, his organization had concluded that Lincoln did not "entertain any antipathy against the Jewish people or any racial minority." However, these statements failed to erase the damage done to the reputation of the American Liberty League (the parent organization of the Sentinels) by the findings of the Black investigation. While the incident itself may have been a small part of the history of the Sentinels, it was the organization's largest source of press coverage.
Dissolution.
By the 1940s, with their political objectives increasingly obsolete, the Sentinels had lost most of their support base, funds and influence. Finally, in 1944, they disbanded.
The organization donated the remainder of its funds to Williams College for the purpose of endowing the Sentinels of the Republic Advanced Study Prize, a yearly award for the best student essay on the U.S. Constitution. The Sentinels also donated a collection of primary documents (brochures, newsletters, minutes) to the College's archives, where they currently reside, for the purpose of aiding students in preparing their essays. The decision to endow Williams was presumably influenced by the fact that at the time the decision was taken to disband, former Sentinels president and trustee Bentley W. Warren was serving on Williams' Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="20656131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656131" title="The Troubleshooters (1959 TV series)">
The Troubleshooters (1959 TV series)

The Troubleshooters is an American 26-segment half-hour adventure series starring Keenan Wynn (1916–1986) as Kodiak and Bob Mathias (1930–2006) as Frank Dugan. The show aired on NBC Television from September 11, 1959, to April 10, 1960. Based on events at international construction sites, the program was directed by Robert Altman early in his career. It was the first TV series offered by United Artists. 
The premiere episode "Liquid Death" introduced the supporting cast members, as Davis, Chet Allen (born 1928) as Slats, Roland "Bob" Harris (born 1930 ) as Jim, Bob Fortier as Scotty, and stunt actor Carey Loftin (1914–1997) as Skinner. Forrest Compton (born 1925) also appeared in two episodes as Davis. 
Among the guest stars were:
Other episodes in which the cast primarily appeared were "Pipeline", "Moment of Terror", "Trouble at the Orphanage", "The Mountain That Moved", "The Big Blaze", "The Town That Wouldn't Die", "Incident at Rain Mountain", "The Landmark", and "No Stone Unturned". The series finale is called "The Carnival". 
"The Troubleshooters" ran at 8 pm Eastern Time on Friday after NBC's "People Are Funny". Its network competition was the second half of "Rawhide", and "Walt Disney Presents".

</doc>
<doc id="20656170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656170" title="Lauren Cuthbertson">
Lauren Cuthbertson

Lauren Cuthbertson (born 1984) is an English ballerina and a principal dancer with the Royal Ballet in London.
Early life and education.
Lauren Cuthbertson was born in Devon in 1984. She began studying dance at a local dance school run by Pamela De Waal (now the Buckingham Dance Studios in Paignton), becoming focused on classical ballet when she was offered a place on the Royal Ballet School's Junior Associate Programme. As a junior associate, she took part in weekly classes based on the Royal Ballet School training system. These are held in major cities throughout the UK, for young dancers who show a particular aptitude for ballet.
Cuthbertson later auditioned successfully for a permanent place at the Royal Ballet School based at White Lodge, Richmond Park. She attended the school from the age of 11-16 and was then offered a place to further her training at the upper school from the age of 16-17. 
Career.
She joined The Royal Ballet in February 2002, as a member of the corps de ballet. She was promoted to soloist in September 2003, first soloist in September 2006 and then principal in June 2008. The position of principal is the highest rank in the ballet company and identifies her as one of the leading dancers.
Awards.
Cuthbertson's awards include:

</doc>
<doc id="20656186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20656186" title="University of Michigan (disambiguation)">
University of Michigan (disambiguation)

The University of Michigan is a public research university located in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The University of Michigan may also refer to two satellite campuses:

</doc>
