<doc id="20617073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617073" title="Gabriella Ambrosio">
Gabriella Ambrosio

Gabriella Ambrosio (born November 1954) is an Italian writer, journalist, academic, and advertising creative director. Her essays "Siamo Quel che Diciamo" (""We Are What We Say"") and "Le Nuove Terre della Pubblicita" (""The New Advertising Land"") are required advertising texts in several universities in Italy. Her first novel, "Prima di Lasciarsi" (""Before We Say Goodbye""), related to a suicide bombing and in some countries endorsed by schools and Amnesty International, has been translated into several languages including Hebrew and Arabic.
Education and early career.
She graduated with a degree in philosophy from the University of Naples, and became a journalist and a copywriter.
Career.
In 1992 she co-founded the advertising agency AM, which has received awards for its creative output. She was also a communications professor at La Sapienza University in Rome,and has been a member of the Italian Art Directors Club, the association of Italian advertising professionals.
"Prima di Lasciarsi".
"Prima di Lasciarsi" ("Before We Say Goodbye") was her first novel and based on a true story of a suicide bombing which was committed by a seventeen-year-old Palestinian girl from the Dheisheh refugee camp at a supermarket in Kiryat Yovel, Jerusalem in 2002. The book narrates the final hours in the lives of the bomber and her victims – a seventeen year-old girl from Jerusalem and the security guard whose intervention saved the lives of the rest of the people at the busy market on that Passover Eve. The story begins at seven o’clock in the morning on the day of the attack and ends with the horrifying explosion. Despite the very short time span – seven hours – seen from the points of view of the different characters, the book tries to portray the complex reality between Israel and Palestine. The book was published in Italy in 2004 by Nutrimenti Publishers and was awarded at the Festival du Premier Romance in Chambéry, France. In 2008 the book's publication in both in Arabic and Hebrew was sponsored by Amnesty International and employed by Israeli colleges and human rights organizations working in Israel and the Palestinian Territories as an educational tool. 
It has been published in the UK, Australia, and in New Zealand by Walker Books, in France as "Deuze Heures Avant" "("12 Hours before"') '(Gallimard), by Fischer Verlag in Germany as "Der Himmel uber Jerusalem" "The sky above Jerusalem"), as well as in Spain, Turkey, Greece, Korea, and China.
Other Works of fiction.
Her short story "Sticko" was published in 2009 in the book "Freedom", an anthology of thirty-six short stories written by some of the leading fiction writers in the world, each inspired by an article of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and subsequently published in Canada, the US, Spain, Italy, Turkey, and Poland. "Sticko" is about freedom from torture and echoes the events in Genoa (Italy) during G8 summit in 2001. It has been nominated for the next Pushcart Prize in US by The Atlas Review.

</doc>
<doc id="20617093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617093" title="Waverley (Morgantown, Maryland)">
Waverley (Morgantown, Maryland)

Waverley is a historic home located at Morgantown, Charles County, Maryland. It is a large five-bay, two story Flemish-bond brick house, that faces the Potomac River. All interior woodwork is characteristic of the Federal period. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20617097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617097" title="Coryphopterus glaucofraenum">
Coryphopterus glaucofraenum

Coryphopterus glaucofraenum, the Bridled goby, is a species of goby native to the Western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from North Carolina to Brazil. It can be found on reefs at depths of from in areas of white sand. This species can reach a length of TL. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20617099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617099" title="Darrel Anholt">
Darrel Anholt

Darrel Anholt (born November 23, 1962) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1983–84 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="20617104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617104" title="Qaratəpə">
Qaratəpə

Qaratəpə or Qaratepe (Azeribaijani for "Black Hill") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20617109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617109" title="Binayak Acharya">
Binayak Acharya

Binayak Acharya (30 August 1918 - 11 December 1983) was an Indian politician and the Chief Minister of Odisha of Odisha from 29 December 1976 to 30 April 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20617120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617120" title="Thomas Keell">
Thomas Keell

Thomas Henry Keell (24 September 1866 – 26 June 1938) was an Englishman compositor who edited the anarchist periodical "Freedom". He attended the International Anarchist Congress of Amsterdam in 1907, where he was hailed by Emma Goldman as "one of our most devoted workers on the London "Freedom"". Keell also contributed to "Voice of Labour" for many years, and was an outspoken opponent of the First World War. He was arrested along with companion Lilian Wolfe during a 1916 raid of "Freedom" offices; the pair were imprisoned and later lived together in Whiteway Colony in Gloucestershire from the 1920s until Keell's death in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="20617139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617139" title="Strobilops labyrinthicus">
Strobilops labyrinthicus

Strobilops labyrinthicus, common name the maze pinecone, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strobilopsidae.
Distribution.
This species of land snail occurs in the Eastern United States, from Texas northward to British America, Manitoba (Carberry), Ontario (Moose Factory) in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20617142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617142" title="Busboy (disambiguation)">
Busboy (disambiguation)

A busboy is someone who assists the waiting staff in the restaurant and catering industry.
Busboy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20617154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617154" title="Core Architecture Data Model">
Core Architecture Data Model

Core architecture data model (CADM) in enterprise architecture is a logical data model of information used to describe and build architectures. 
The CADM is essentially a common database schema, defined within the US Department of Defense Architecture Framework DoDAF. It was initially published in 1997 as a logical data model for architecture data.
Overview.
Core Architecture data model (CADM) is designed to capture DoDAF architecture information in a standardized structure. CADM was developed to support the data requirements of the DoDAF. The CADM defines the entities and relationships for DoDAF architecture data elements that enable integration within and across architecture descriptions. In this manner, the CADM supports the exchange of architecture information among mission areas, components, and federal and coalition partners, thus facilitating the data interoperability of architectures. 
CADM is a critical aspect of being able to integrate architectures in conformance with DoDAF. This includes the use of common data element definitions, semantics, and data structure for all architecture description entities or objects. The use of the underlying CADM faithfully relates common objects across multiple views. Adherence with the Framework, which includes conformance with the currently approved version of CADM, provides both a common approach for developing architectures and a basic foundation for relating architectures. Conformance with the CADM ensures the use of common architecture data elements (or types).
History.
The CADM was initially published in 1997 as a logical data model for architecture data. It was revised in 1998 to meet all the requirements of the C4ISR Architecture Framework Version 2.0.1 As a logical data model, the initial CADM provided a conceptual view of how architecture information is organized. It identified and defined entities, attributes, and relations. The CADM has evolved since 1998, so that it now has a physical view providing the data types, abbreviated physical names, and domain values that are needed for a database implementation. Because the CADM is also a physical data model, it constitutes a database design and can be used to automatically generate databases.
The CADM v1.01 was released with the DoD Architecture Framework v1.0 in August 2003. This DoDAF version restructured the C4ISR Framework v2.0 to offer guidance, product descriptions, and supplementary information in two volumes and a desk book. It broadened the applicability of architecture tenets and practices to all Mission Areas rather than just the C4ISR community. This document addressed usage, integrated architectures, DoD and Federal policies, value of architecture, architecture measures, DoD decision support processes, development techniques, analytical techniques, and the CADM v1.01, and moved towards a repository-based approach by placing emphasis on architecture data elements that comprise architecture products.
The CADM v1.5 was pre-released with the DoD Architecture Framework, v1.5 in April 2007. The DoDAF v1.5 was an evolution of the DoDAF v1.0 and reflects and leverages the experience that the DoD Components have gained in developing and using architecture descriptions. This transitional version provided additional guidance on how to reflect net-centric concepts within architecture descriptions, includes information on architecture data management and federating architectures through the Department, and incorporates the pre-release CADM v1.5, a simplified model of previous CADM versions that includes net-centric elements. Pre-release CADM v1.5 is also backward compatible with previous CADM versions. Data sets built in accordance with the vocabulary of CADM v1.02/1.03 can be expressed faithfully and completely using the constructs of CADM v1.5.
Note: For DoDAF V2.0, The DoDAF Meta-model (DM2) is working to replace the Core Architecture Data Model (CADM) which supported previous versions of the DoDAF. DM2 is a data construct that facilitates reader understanding of the use of data within an architecture document. CADM can continue to be used in support of architectures created in previous versions of DoDAF.
CADM topics.
Building blocks.
The major elements of a "core architecture data model" are described as follows:
Data Modeling and Visualization.
The DoDAF incorporates data modeling (CADM) and visualization aspects (products and views) to support architecture analysis. The DoDAF’s data model, CADM, defines architecture data entities, the relationships
between them, and the data entity attributes, essentially specifying the “grammar” for the architecture community. It contains a set of “nouns,” “verbs,” and “adjectives” that, together with the “grammar,” allow one to create “sentences” about architecture artifacts that are consistent with the DoDAF. The CADM is a necessary aspect of the architecture and provides the meaning behind the architectural visual representations (products). It enables the effective comparing and sharing of architecture data across the enterprise, contributing to the overall usefulness of architectures. The CADM describes the following data model levels in further detail: 
Data visualization is a way of graphically or textually representing architecture data to support decision-making analysis. The DoDAF provides products as a way of representing the underlying data in a user-friendly manner. In some cases, the existing DoDAF products are sufficient for representing the required information. Regardless of how one chooses to represent the architecture description, the underlying data (CADM) remains consistent, providing a common foundation to which analysis requirements are mapped.
CADM Data Model Diagram Notation..
As illustrated in the figure, boxes represent entities for which architecture data are collected (representing tables when used for a relational database); they are depicted by open boxes with square corners (independent entities) or rounded corners (dependent entities). The entity name is outside and on top of the open box. The lines of text inside the box denote the attributes of that entity (representing columns in the entity table when used for a relational database). The horizontal line in each box separates the primary key attributes (used to find unique instances of the entity) from the non-key descriptive attributes. 
The symbol with a circle and line underneath indicates subtyping, for which all the entities connected below are non-overlapping subsets of the entity connected at the top of the symbol. Relationships are represented by dotted (non-identifying) and solid (identifying) relationships in which the child entity (the one nearest the solid dot) has zero, one, or many instances associated to each instance of the parent entity (the other entity connected by the relationship line).
Basic Architectural Elements.
An architecture data repository responsive to the architecture products of the DoDAF contains information on basic architectural elements such as the following:
The depicted (conceptual) relationships shown in this diagram include the following (among many others):
With these relationships, many types of architectural and related information can be represented such as networks, information flows, information requirements, interfaces, and so forth.
Related models.
The counterpart to CADM within NASA is the NASA Exploration Information Ontology Model (NeXIOM), which is designed to capture and expressively describe the engineering and programmatic data that drives exploration program decisions. NeXIOM is intended to be a repository that can be accessed by various simulation tools and models that need to exchange information and data.

</doc>
<doc id="20617157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617157" title="Thomas Keele">
Thomas Keele

Thomas Keele may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20617212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617212" title="Mahmoud al-Abrash">
Mahmoud al-Abrash

Mahmoud al-Abrash or Mahmoud el-Abrache (محمود الأبرش) (born 1944) is a Syrian politician. 
He was originally an engineer in public works. He then left his job to engage in politics and became a member of the Baath party. He chaired the parliamentary Committee on International Affairs of the Arab people. 
On October 7, 2003 he became Syrian speaker of parliament following the appointment of Muhammad Naji al-Otari as prime minister. His first term ended on March 8, 2007 but he was re-elected again on May 7, 2007. 
He is also a member of the Provisional Arab Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20617237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617237" title="Anton Ehmann">
Anton Ehmann

Anton Ehmann (born December 17, 1972) is a retired Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20617238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617238" title="Al Rosen (actor)">
Al Rosen (actor)

Albert "Al" Rosen (May 9, 1910 – August 2, 1990) was an American actor. He is known for his recurring role of "Al" in the television sitcom "Cheers".
Biography.
Rosen was born in Maryland. He acted in several films in the 1940s, then in the 1970s was a production supervisor on the TV show "What's My Line?". Again in the 1980s, he acted in television series and films as minor roles, including the recurring character "Al" (or "Big Al") in the sitcom "Cheers" and the cafeteria concession stand attendant in the sitcom "Night Court".
Death.
He died of cancer in Hollywood, California at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="20617241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617241" title="Genetics of social behavior">
Genetics of social behavior

The genetics of social behavior is an area of research that attempts to address the question of the role that genes play in modulating the neural circuits in the brain which influence social behavior. Model genetic species, such as "D.melanogaster" (common fruit fly) and "Apis mellifera" (honey bee), have been rigorously studied and proven to be instrumental in developing the science of genetics. Many examples of genetic factors of social behavior have been derived from a bottom-up method of altering a gene and observing the change it produces in an organism. Sociogenomics is an integrated field that accounts for the complete cellular genetic complement of an organism from a top-down approach, accounting for all biotic influences that effect behavior on a cellular level.
Sociogenomics.
Sociogenomics, a subdiscipline of genomics, is an integrative approach to behavioral biology that compares genomic data to behavioral phenotype. Of particular interest are differential gene expression of mRNA (transcriptomics) and protein transcription (proteomics) that correspond to changes in behavior. Data of this sort is especially useful when comparing the genomic qualities of organisms with varying degrees of social organization.
While sociogenomics integrates more fields of study and is more encompassing than classical genetics, the methodology is still considered forward genetics. The goal is to determine genes or sets of genes and their artifacts that contribute to the expression of a phenotype.
Eusociality.
Sociogenomic methodology has been applied to understanding the biology of eusociality include its cellular origin, caste determination in a eusocial hierarchy, and the mechanisms that mediate division of labor. Efforts in genome sequencing have allowed researchers to examine eusocial insect behavior from a molecular perspective.
Notable progress in this field was made by the Honey Bee Genome Sequencing Consortium, which published and made public a completed honey bee ("Apis mellifera") genome in October 2006. Completion of the honey bee genome and other model organism genomes has made further between-species sociogenomic comparisons possible.
Honey Bee.
To examine higher insect social order, researchers looked into the potential evolutionary history of a “foraging gene” in honey bees ("Apis mellifera"). Honey bees have a several week lifespan divided between two phases—one spent caring for the hive, the other spent foraging. The regulation of social foraging is important to maintain division of labor, requisite of eusocial organization. In order to discover how foraging is bees is genetically encoded, the honey bee genome was searched for genes that may be shared by other species. A molecular basis for feeding behavior has been determined in "Drosophila melanogaster", which shares a common insect ancestor. The “foraging gene” in "D. melanogaster" encodes a cGMP mediated protein kinase (PKG). Naturally occurring allelic variation produces behavioral syndromes in "D. melanogaster", both “sitters” and “rovers”. The needs of a honey bee colony are communicated between bees by pheromones, chemical signals which trigger behavioral responses. Honey bees have a variant of the same foraging gene that controls the onset of foraging behavior. Elevated expression of this gene correlates with increased foraging activity; precocious foraging was induced in young workers by experimentally introducing PKG.
Further clues to the genetic origins of eusociality have been derived by comparing quality of genomic processes. Also applying to "A. mellifera"; by looking at the degree of genetic linkage and chromosomal recombination rates, light may be shed on the consequence of group selection on a eusocial insect colony. Within the Order Hymenoptera, primitively and highly eusocial species tend to have greater gene linkage and significantly higher more DNA recombination events than non-social species. This trend continues within groups of eusocial species, highly eusocial species have highly recombinant genomes. While contested, recombination activity might originate from the influence of group selection acting on developing eusocial organization in haplodiploids, where colonies that can best maintain a stable coefficient of relatedness are favored.
An early study also determined the cellular basis of the discrete caste morphology of "A. mellifera". Queens arise when workers in a colony selectively feed chosen larvae royal jelly. The caste differentiation occurs through an epigenetic process; non-heritable factors contributing to gene expression. Queen and worker morphological forms both come occur from the same genome, royal jelly nourishment is the non-genetic determiner. The pathway to queen morphs is through increased mRNA translation in the cytosol. Biogenesis of organelles occurs at the same rate in both types of larvae, as evidenced by the ratio of mitochondrial DNA to nuclear DNA. Special feeding leads to an increase of metabolic rate for larval queen to facilitate the energy requirement to develop their larger body size.
Social Influences on Gene Expression.
In songbirds, "egr1" is a transcription factor encoding gene that is active in the auditory forebrain when hearing a song from another songbird. The strength of the expression of "egr1" has much variability, dependent on the nature of the song. Songs previously unheard result in strong responses whereas familiar songs result in little or no response. Pure tones or white noise do not evoke any response. It is thought that the purpose of this genetic response to social stimuli is to update the brain's catalog of the changing natural environment. For example, it would be advantageous for a songbird to express more "egr1" in a situation where there is a new song heard (a potential intruder) compared to the familiar song of a known individual. In contrast, for the species of highly social cichlid fish "A. burtoni", the "egr1" gene plays an indirect role in reproduction. In this species, there is an established social dominance hierarchy and an individual's position determines their access to resources for reproduction. If the alpha male is removed from the group, a previous subordinate starts exhibiting dominant behavior and "egr1" is expressed in hypothalamus neurons that are responsible for producing a neuropeptide linked to sexual reproduction.
Overall, the role of transcription factor "egr1" in the context of social behavior clearly shows the link between genes and behavior. As a corollary to that described above, given an environmental cue "egr1" will induce or suppress the transcription of other genes. "Egr1" shows how social experience may trigger changes in the brain's gene networks. With higher capacity screening techniques, the expression of many genes simultaneously in response to social stimuli will provide a more complete picture.
Neurobiology of Mating Decisions.
The neurobiology of drosophila mating behavior is an area of research that has studied in detail and has elucidated the genetic basis for behavior. The male courts a female based on pheromones from the female and previous experience courting other potential mates. The female accepts or rejects the male's courtship also based on pheromones, the acoustics of his courtship song, and her readiness to mate. The mating behavior of drosophila had been described almost a century ago, and the genetics of these behaviors have been studied for several decades. The current interest in neurobiology is trying to understand the neural circuits that provide the basis of action selection—how the brain maps sensory input, internal states, and individual experience to behavioral decisions. 
The pathways that govern the mapping of pheromones to the brain of drosophila are beginning to be understood in detail. Pheromones are detected by olfactory sensory neurons (OSNs). A well-studied pheromone is cVA, which suppresses male courtship behavior when the male detects it from a female. cVA complexes with other proteins to form a ligand, which binds to the odorant receptor Or67d present in OSNs, which is specific for cVA. In turn, the OSNs grow axons that will connect to the glomerulus DA1 in the antennal lobe, which is analogous to the olfactory bulb in mammals. This glomerulus then connects to DA1 projection neurons (PNs) which relay the pheromone signal further to higher brain centers in the protocerebrum (anterior part of an arthropod brain). It is noteworthy that there is significant neuronal convergence taking place between the OSNs and PNs—about 50 OSN inputs to 4 PNs. 
Another pathway that has been studied is that involving another odorant receptor called Or47b, which is connected to the VA1v glomerulus. Its respective pathway conveys pheromones from odors in both sexes, and when the genetics of the involved neurons is changed, male courtship is delayed. As a simple model, one would view the integration of the Or67d/DA1 and Or47b/VA1v pathways as a way to describe the initiation of mating behavior in drosophila. The former will tend to inhibit male courtship, whereas the latter is thought to stimulate mating. 
It is thought that the difference in the "fru" gene causes the bulk of the distinction in sexual differentiation in neural circuits. Although the sensory and motor circuits are nearly identical in both sexes, the "fru" gene fine tunes these according to the needs of either sex. There is learning taking place when a male engages in courtship behavior. A male learns by experience, after courtship rejection by females that have already mated he learns not to pursue other mated females. Similarly, courtship of receptive virgin females is learned after past mating successes. The mushroom body is a probable site for this experience-dependent modulation of pheromones, as disrupting "fru" in neurons in this area reduces short term courtship behavior. Long term courtship is suppressed by the presence of certain proteins in this region of the brain.
For females, the decision whether to mate or not when courted by a male largely depends on the courtship song. Analogous to OSNs, the female's Johnston's organ neurons (JONs) distinguish the quality of the song, and a distinct mechanical stimuli projects signals to specific regions of the brain, which can lead to mating. The reluctance for a female to mate again after having mated before has a molecular basis. In the male "Drosophila" ejaculate, there is a sex peptide (SP) which binds to the sex peptide receptor (SRP) in the female's "fru" neurons, disrupting pathways that would compel the female to mate again. 
Future research in this area hopes to further explain how the chemical and auditory signals are processed and mapped to behaviors in the fly's brain. Though the molecular mechanisms in the pathways vary between mammals and insects, it has been shown that the information is processed in similar ways. The relative simplicity of fly nervous systems could eventually hint at how neural circuits solve complex behavioral decision making.
Effect of Oxytocin and Vasopressin on Animal Social Behavior.
In the past few decades, it has been discovered that oxytocin and vasopressin neuropeptides have key roles in the regulation of social cognition and behavior in mammals. Although homologs have been discovered which are pervasive across many taxa which have similar roles in social and reproductive behaviors, the specific influenced behaviors are quite diverse. For example in snails, the homolog for oxytocin/vasopressin conopressin modulates ejaculation in males and egg laying in females. On the other hand for vertebrates, there is sexual dimorphism in the neuropeptides—oxytocin induces maternal behavior in females and vasopressin induces territoriality, aggression and reproduction in males. Interestingly in sheep, oxytocin has another effect on a female in addition to a generalized increase in maternal behavior—it induces mother-infant bond selectivity by priming the mother's olfactory bulb, and the mother selectively learns the offspring's scent. 
An insightful study of vasopressin is its role in the stimulation of monogamous behavior. The V1a vasopressin receptor gene is a mechanism most widely studied. Different species of voles were studied, prairie voles which are monogamous in nature and montane voles, which tend towards polygamy. Using viral vector mediated gene expression, which allows the cross-species transplanting of genes, when the V1a receptor expression was increased in the reward and reinforcement neural circuitry of montane voles, they acquired a more selective preference for their mate. Their behavior became more akin to that of prairie voles. Therefore, it is alteration of vasopressin receptor gene expression patterns is thought to affect social behavior, rather than the neuropeptide itself. A proposed mechanism for the difference in these patterns is the variation of microsatellite DNA length that is upstream of the V1a receptor gene—short microsatellite DNA in the 5' flanking region of the gene has a different effect on prairie vole behavior than longer microsatellite DNA. Whether this is a mechanism that is replicable in the wild is uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="20617253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617253" title="D. L. Evans Bank">
D. L. Evans Bank

D. L. Evans Bank is a bank headquartered in Burley, Idaho. The bank currently has branches in several Idaho cities, primarily in the state's Magic Valley region. 
D. L. Evans Bank was founded in 1904 by D. L. Evans and other investors in Albion. The bank's only location was in Albion until 1979 when a branch was opened in Burley. Recently the bank has opened branches in Eastern Idaho and the Boise metropolitan area.
Former Governor of Idaho John V. Evans, Sr., a grandson of D. L. Evans, became bank president in 1987. His son John V. Evans, Jr. serves as chief executive officer. 
Branch locations.
As of December 2008 D. L. Evans Bank has branch locations in the following Idaho cities: 

</doc>
<doc id="20617261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617261" title="Atsuko">
Atsuko

Possible Writings.
Atsuko is generally used as a girl's name. It consists of 6 letters and 3 syllables. The final syllable "ko" is generally written with the kanji character for child, 子. It is a common suffix to female names in Japan and usually indicates that it is a girl's name as masculine Japanese names rarely use the kanj for "child". 

</doc>
<doc id="20617292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617292" title="Elizabeth Ayer">
Elizabeth Ayer

Elizabeth Ayer (October 13, 1897 – August 4, 1987) is recognized as a pioneering architect in Seattle, Washington, whose professional activities stretched over more than five decades. She was the first woman to graduate from the professional architecture program at the University of Washington and was the first woman to be registered as an architect in Washington State. 
Ayer was born in Thurston County, Washington, in October 1897. She enrolled at the University of Washington in 1916, graduating in 1921 with her B.Arch. degree. In 1919, while still a student, she was hired by Andrew Willatsen. The next year she began her long association with Seattle architect, Edwin Ivey. From 1922 to 1923 she worked in New York City, but after a year returned to Seattle, again working with Ivey. 
By the late 1920s, Ayer was identified as Ivey's "Associate." During the 1920s and 1930s, Ayer played key roles in design and supervision of the Ivey's residential commissions. About 1930, Ayer became registered as an architect in Washington State. 
In 1940, Ivey was killed in an automobile accident. Ayer took over the firm and with another employee, Roland Lamping, continued the practice. In 1942, they suspended the practice—for the duration of World War II Ayer worked as an Architect in the U.S. Engineers Office. She restarted the practice after 1945. Some time during the 1950s, the firm name was changed to Ayer & Lamping. 
Ayer retired in 1970, after a 50-year professional career. She moved to Lacey, Washington, where she served on the Planning Commission through 1980. She died in Lacey in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20617304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617304" title="Nicolas Moreau (actor)">
Nicolas Moreau (actor)

Nicolas Moreau is a French film and television actor and sound editor born in 1974.
Career.
Moreau debuted in 1995 in four roles: as Marc, the son of Claude Jade and Georges Claisse in Jacques Richards' television movie Porté disparu; as Andreï in the adaption of Eduard von Keyserling's novel Été Brûlant with Claude Rich and Hélène de Fougerolles; in Denys de La Patellière's last film "Maigret et l'affaire Saint-Fiacre" (with Bruner Cremer and Claude Winter); and as Luc Béraud in Denys de La Patelliére's Pasteur, cinq années de rage with Bernard Fresson.
After many roles in television movies, he played the role of Émile Bernard in Roger Planchon's film "Lautrec". His television career was followed by, among others, Le Bois du Pardoux (2000) with Annie Girardot and Thierry Chabert's "Des jours et des nuits" (2005).
Moreau returned to cinema in 2005 in Patrice Chéreau's "Gabrielle".
In 2011 he played the role of Louis Eggenberger in Thierry Binisti's "Marthe Richard" aired on France 3 TV, and the role of Pierre Giacometti in Denis Podalydès's biopic on Sarkozy's rise to power: "La conquête".
Theatre work.
In addition to and perhaps more noted than his cinema work have been his theatrical performances. These include
Recognition.
Awards and nominations.
2007, nominated for a César Awards 'Meilleur son' for "Lady Chatterly"

</doc>
<doc id="20617308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617308" title="Ryanair Novice Chase">
Ryanair Novice Chase

The Ryanair Novice Chase is a Grade 1 National Hunt chase in Ireland which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Punchestown over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are eleven fences to be jumped. The race is for novice chasers, and it is scheduled to take place each year during the Punchestown Festival in late April or early May.
During the 1990s the event was sponsored by the Bank of Ireland and Tripleprint. It was promoted to Grade 1 status in 1998, and its sponsorship was taken over by Swordlestown Stud in 2000. The present sponsor, Ryanair, began supporting the race in 2010.
The field usually includes horses which ran previously in the Arkle Challenge Trophy at Cheltenham, and the last to win both races was Captain Chris in 2011.
Records.
Leading jockey since 1992 (3 wins):
Leading trainer since 1992 (2 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20617320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617320" title="Zirin">
Zirin

Zirin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20617326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617326" title="Canadian Lutheran World Relief">
Canadian Lutheran World Relief

Canadian Lutheran World Relief (CLWR) is a humanitarian agency engaged in community development, refugee resettlement, emergency relief, basic commodity shipments, volunteer placement and alternative trade.
History.
CLWR was founded in March 1946 by Lutherans in Canada who wished to respond to refugee and relief needs following the Second World War. This facilitated the sending of clothing, bedding, blankets, and food to displaced persons in Europe. Also, thousands of refugees were assisted in finding a new home in Canada. 
Current Scope of Work.
Development work is focused in Zambia, Mozambique, India, Bolivia and Peru. A small scale irrigation program is operated in Ethiopia through Canadian Foodgrains Bank, of which CLWR is a founding member. Relief commodities are shipped to where needed most and to where they can be most effectively transported, this being primarily in Africa. Recent shipments have been directed to Mauritania, Zambia, and Tanzania. Refugees come from Africa, Latin America, Asia, the Middle East and Eastern Europe.
Community Development.
Community development is undertaken in partnership with the Lutheran World Federation (LWF), with support funding from the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA) and donations from individual supporters. CLWR works with other local partners in Bolivia and Peru as well as in Ethiopia, where food-for-work programs assist communities in constructing water projects. In all project countries, goals include food security, economic development, environmental protection, gender equality, organizational strengthening, and HIV and AIDS prevention. CLWR recognizes the United Nations’ Millennium Development Goals in planning community development.
Refugee Resettlement.
Since 1979, CLWR has sponsored refugees as an official Sponsorship Agreement Holder (SAH) with the Government of Canada. Each year, roughly one hundred refugees are resettled by CLWR into Canada.
CLWR’s Toronto and Vancouver offices administer the refugee program.
Emergency Relief.
CLWR responds to natural and human disasters in partnership with other members of the international aid networks of the LWF and Action by Churches Together (ACT) International. 100 percent of all donations designated for emergency response measures are forwarded for relief activities; CLWR retains no portion for administration costs.
Basic Commodity Shipments - We Care Kits and Quilts.
Through the We Care program, thousands of donated kits and quilts are delivered annually into situations of need around the world. We Care kits are assembled by individuals and groups who are interested in supporting this part of CLWR’s work. Kits contain clothing, hygiene products, school supplies, sewing goods and more.
International Volunteer Service.
CLWR offers volunteer opportunities in developing countries across Latin America, Africa and Asia. The duration of these placements range from six months to two years and are organized in cooperation with partner organizations in the country of destination. Often the partner is the
LWF. The variety of work is broad and is based on the skills of the volunteers and the needs of the host organization.
Working in Alliance.
CLWR is a member of ACT Development, a global alliance of churches and related agencies working on development that are committed to working together.

</doc>
<doc id="20617336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617336" title="Shorty Lovelace Historic District">
Shorty Lovelace Historic District

The Shorty Lovelace Historic District includes a series of cabins built in Kings Canyon National Park by trapper Joseph Walter "Shorty" Lovelace between 1910 and 1940. Lovelace was the first non-Native American to live year-round in the upper Kings River Canyon. Lovelace may have built as many as thirty-six structures in the area, with possible a dozen surviving. Lovelace built his first cabins in 1912 at Crowley Canyon. The cabins were typically five feet by seven feet with dirt floors.
Structures include:

</doc>
<doc id="20617349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617349" title="Papua New Guinea Red Cross Society">
Papua New Guinea Red Cross Society

Papua New Guinea Red Cross Society as known as PNGRCS was founded in 1977 and has its headquarters in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="20617351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617351" title="Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988">
Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1988

Switzerland competed at the Eurovision Song Contest 1988, held in Dublin, Ireland.
The Swiss entry was Céline Dion with the French language song "Ne partez pas sans moi" (Don't leave without me), composed by Atilla Şereftuğ and Nella Martinetti.
National final.
The Swiss entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1988 was selected through a national final. Nine songs in total competed, with the winner selected by three regional juries, a press jury and another jury of experts. The contest was held on 6 February at the Théâtre de Beausobre in Morges, hosted by Serge Moisson.
At Eurovision.
Dion performed 9th on the night of the contest, following Israel and preceding Ireland. She went on to win the contest, receiving 137 points in total.

</doc>
<doc id="20617379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617379" title="2009 LSU Tigers football team">
2009 LSU Tigers football team

The 2009 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football season of 2009–2010. The team's head coach was Les Miles who served his fifth year at the helm of LSU football. They played their home games at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Tigers finished the season 9–4, 5–3 in SEC play and lost the Capital One Bowl 19–17 against Penn State.
Previous season.
In his fourth season as head coach, Les Miles led LSU to a regular season record of 7–5, finishing 3–5 in the SEC. The Tigers were awarded a berth in the 2008 Chick-fil-A Bowl where they faced Georgia Tech. The Tigers easily defeated the Yellow Jackets by a score of 38–3. Miles improved to 4–0 in bowl games as head coach of LSU. LSU completed the 2008 college football season with an 8–5 overall record. The bowl victory also marked the 700th win in LSU Tiger football history. The Tigers look to improve on their 8–5 season in 2009.
Before the season.
Coaching changes.
Following the 2008 season, co-defensive coordinators, Doug Mallory & Bradley Dale Peveto both left LSU. Mallory moved on to New Mexico to become defensive coordinator of the Lobos' football program, while Peveto took over as the head coach of the Northwestern State Demons. The Tigers replaced Mallory and Peveto with new Defensive Coordinator John Chavis who left the University of Tennessee after the departure of head coach Phillip Fulmer. Chavis was a Tennessee alum and held the position of defensive coordinator there since 1995. Chavis will also coach linebackers at LSU.
Ron Cooper was hired as the new defensive backs coach. Previously, Mallory had coached the defensive backs since 2005. Cooper came to LSU from the University of South Carolina where he spent the past five years coaching on the defensive side of the football.
Earl Lane also left LSU following the 2008. Lane spent 3 seasons as defensive line coach at LSU, but decided it was time to move on. Lane was replaced by Brick Haley. Haley was brought aboard as a veteran defensive line coach who has spent time in both the NFL and the Southeastern Conference.
Finally, Josh Henson, who left to become co-offensive line coach for Missouri, was replaced by Don Yanowsky. Henson came to LSU with Miles in 2005 and served as the Tight Ends coach and recruiting coordinator for the Tigers. Henson has a reputation as of being one the best recruiters in the nation. Yanowsky will also serve as the Tight Ends coach and Recruiting coordinator, and comes to LSU from Boston College.
Key losses.
Offense
Defense
Special teams
Returning starters.
Offense
Defense
Spring game.
The Tigers held their annual spring game on Saturday April 18, 2009. LSU White defeated LSU Purple 27–0.
Game notes.
Washington.
Pregame Line: -18.5
Vanderbilt.
Pregame Line: -14
Louisiana-Lafayette.
Pregame Line: -27
Mississippi St..
Pregame Line: -12.5
#14 Georgia.
Pregame Line: +3.5
#1 Florida.
Pregame Line: +10
Auburn.
Pregame Line: -7.5
Tulane.
Pregame Line: -36.5
#3 Alabama.
Pregame Line: +7
Louisiana Tech.
Pregame Line: -23
Ole Miss.
Pregame Line: +4.5
Arkansas.
Pregame Line: -4
Penn State–Capital One Bowl.
On July 23, 2011 the NCAA ordered that all of Penn State's wins since 1998, including the 2009 Capitol One Bowl, were to be vacated due to the information in the Freeh Report regarding the Jerry Sandusky controversy. The game remains a loss for LSU.
Roster.
2009 Louisiana State University Football Roster and Bios http://www.lsusports.net/SportSelect.dbml?&DB_OEM_ID=5200&SPID=2164&SPSID=27812
Coaching staff.
2009 Louisiana State University Football Coaches and Bios http://www.lsusports.net/SportSelect.dbml?&DB_OEM_ID=5200&SPID=2164&SPSID=28715
LSU Tigers in the 2010 National Football League Draft.
http://www.pro-football-reference.com/draft/2010.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20617384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617384" title="14th Critics' Choice Awards">
14th Critics' Choice Awards

The 14th Critics' Choice Awards were presented on Thursday, January 8, 2009 at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium to honor the finest achievements in 2008 filmmaking.
Nominees were announced on December 9, 2008.
Winners and nominees.
Best Film.
Slumdog Millionaire
Best Action Film.
The Dark Knight
Best Comedy Film.
Tropic Thunder
Best Documentary Film.
Man on Wire
Best Foreign Language Film.
"Waltz with Bashir (Vals im Bashir)" • Israel
Best Animated Film.
WALL·E
Best Television Film.
John Adams
Best Actor.
"'Sean Penn – "Milk"
Best Actress.
'"Anne Hathaway – "Rachel Getting Married" <br>
"'Meryl Streep – "Doubt"
Best Supporting Actor.
Heath Ledger – "The Dark Knight"
Best Supporting Actress.
"'Kate Winslet – "The Reader"
Best Young Performer.
Dev Patel – "Slumdog Millionaire"
Best Cast.
Milk
Best Director.
Danny Boyle – "Slumdog Millionaire"
Best Screenplay.
Simon Beaufoy – "Slumdog Millionaire"
Best Composer.
A. R. Rahman – "Slumdog Millionaire"
Best Song.
'""The Wrestler" performed by Bruce Springsteen – "The Wrestler"
Awards breakdown.
Number of nominations (minimum 2)
Number of awards (minimum 2)

</doc>
<doc id="20617404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617404" title="Mount Air">
Mount Air

Mount Air is a historic home located at Faulkner, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It was built in 1801, and is basically a regionally typical Federal style house with a three story central block with complementary wings. The home has the only known boxwood garden in lower Southern Maryland of its dimensions and age to retain its original formal plan. 
Mount Air was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20617428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617428" title="Progresul (disambiguation)">
Progresul (disambiguation)

Progresul may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20617443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617443" title="Generals' Highway Stone Bridges">
Generals' Highway Stone Bridges

The Generals' Highway Stone Bridges, built in 1930, are part of the Generals' Highway from the General Grant Grove of giant sequoias in Kings Canyon National Park (then called General Grant National Park) through Sequoia National Park. One bridge spans the Marble Fork of the Kaweah River in a wooded setting, while the other, similar bridge spans Clover Creek in a bare canyon.
Design.
The bridges are typically reinforced concrete barrel arches with uncoursed stone facing on the sides, in a National Park Service Rustic style. The concrete is not visible to passersby, whose attention is taken by the mass of the masonry. Of the two, the Clover Creek bridge is the more impressive, due to its setting. The bridges were designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs in cooperation with the Bureau of Public Roads.
The design inspiration for the bridges was the Westchester County, New York parkway system, which included the Bronx River and Hutchinson River parkways. The National Park Service sent two designers to observe the construction, and one of these, John Wosky, was the designer of the Generals' Highway bridges. Wosky developed the architectural design of the Marble Fork bridge in the fall of 1928, and structural plans were developed by the Bureau of Public Roads in January 1929. The Clover Creek bridge was designed in 1930, with construction the same year on both bridges. The contractor for both bridges was W.A. Bechtel.

</doc>
<doc id="20617444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617444" title="Kersti Merilaas">
Kersti Merilaas

Kersti Merilaas ( in Narva – 8 March 1986 in Tallinn]) was an Estonian poet and translator. In addition, she wrote poems and prose for children and plays. 
Life and work.
Kersti Merilaas was born Eugenia Moorberg in Narva, Estonia shortly before the outbreak of the First World War. She spent her early childhood in St. Petersburg, Russia with her mother, Anna Moorberg and sister. The family returned to Estonia in 1917 because of the turmoil of the Russian Revolution. From 1921 to 1927 she attended school in the village of Kiltsi, then furthered her studies in Väike-Maarja and Rakvere in Lääne-Viru County. In 1932 she completed high school in Tapa, Estonia. 
In 1936 Kersti Merilaas married the Estonian writer and translator August Sang (1914-1969) and the couple had a son named Joel Sang in 1950. 
From 1936 Kersti Merilaas lived in Tartu, where she was employed as a librarian. In 1935 she made her literary debut with a collection of poems titled "Loomingus". She was a member of the influential group of Estonian poets brought together in 1938 by literary scholar Ants Oras who was greatly influenced by T. S. Eliot. The small circle of poets became known as "Arbujad" ("Soothsayers") and included Heiti Talvik, Paul Viiding, Betti Alver, Uku Masing and Bernard Kangro That year, her anthology of poetry "Maantee tuuled" was published to much critical acclaim, particularly for its lyrical preoccupation with love and nature. Also in 1938 she joined the Estonian Writers Association. 
After the Soviet occupation and annexation of Estonia in 1944, Merilaas' work was viewed by authorities as disreputable and promoting "bourgeois nationalism". In 1950 Merilaas was forced to resign from the Soviet Writers Association of Estonia. During this time Merilaas was allowed to continue writing children's literature. In 1960, after the relaxation of Soviet authorities, Merilaas was again permitted to write literature for adults.
Besides poetry and prose, Kersti Merilaas wrote libretti for three operas by Estonian composer Gustav Ernesaks and translated German works of Bertolt Brecht, Georg Christoph Lichtenberg and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe into the Estonian language.
Kersti Merilaas died in Tallinn, Estonia in 1986 at the age of 72.
Selected works.
Poetry
Children's Books
Plays
Awards.
In 1976, Kersti Merilaas was awarded the Friedebert Tuglas Short Story Award for her work "Eilsete perest." 

</doc>
<doc id="20617446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617446" title="David Leavitt (banker)">
David Leavitt (banker)

David Leavitt (August 29, 1791 – December 30, 1879) was an early New York City banker and financier. As president of the American Exchange Bank of New York during the Financial Panic of 1837 he represented bondholders of the nascent Illinois and Michigan Canal, allowing completion of the historic canal linking the Midwest with the East Coast. For his role in helping prevent the collapse of the canal scheme, Chicago authorities named Leavitt Street after the financier. Leavitt was also an early art collector, and many of the artist Emanuel Leutze's paintings, including that of Washington at Valley Forge, were initially in Leavitt's collection housed at his Great Barrington, Massachusetts estate.
Biography.
David Leavitt was born in Bethlehem, Connecticut on August 29, 1791, to merchant and Connecticut legislator David Leavitt Sr. and his wife Lucy (Clark) Leavitt.
By 1815, Leavitt had gone into business with David Lee at 133 Front Street in Manhattan in the firm of Leavitt & Lee, wholesalers in the grocery business. By 1820 Leavitt & Lee had moved to 127 Front Street, and shortly afterwards the two partners dissolved their business. Leavitt left the grocery business and decided to set himself up as a financier. He decided to go it alone.
In one of Leavitt's first transactions, he bought an entire cargo of tea which the merchant John Jacob Astor had imported. When the German immigrant Astor inquired of Leavitt how he intended to pay for the cargo, Leavitt produced from his pocket a handful of notes written by Astor on his account, which Leavitt had bought up on the street.
In his next large transactions, the 25-year-old Leavitt again demonstrated his business acumen. The government of Colombia, facing a conflict at home, had paid a group of New York merchants to build a warship and equip it with armaments for use by the South American nation. Ultimately, those building the vessel were unable to complete the transaction, and Leavitt stepped in, paying for the ship's construction, and assuring that the United States government would help arm it with munitions. Leavitt then took command of the vessel, sailing it to South America, where the Colombian government paid him $100,000 in Colombian currency, and an additional $100,000 in a London bank draft.
On his way home, Leavitt stopped in Havana, where he converted the Colombian currency into Spanish doubloons, which he converted back into dollars when demand for doubloons soared. The London bank draft finally cleared in its entirety after several years' delay, during which Leavitt bided his time instead of selling the draft at a discount. The entire transaction had netted Leavitt a tidy profit, which he invested in other ventures. 
In 1823, a local businessman had established a manufactory for white lead in the emerging city of Brooklyn. Acting as a lender to the business from its inception, Leavitt stepped in to take control in 1825 and founded the Brooklyn White Lead Company, later Dutch Boy Paint. Much of Leavitt's wealth derived from his early investment in lead manufacturing and importing.
Leavitt had already had a home built in Brooklyn, where he took up residence with his wife Maria Clarissa (Lewis), a native of Goshen, Connecticut. At the time of Leavitt's move to Brooklyn, there were only three homes visible from his own, and the New York merchant later bought up large tracts of Brooklyn real estate, and became a trustee of the village of Brooklyn Heights. 
Leavitt also owned and operated the Fulton Street Ferry, (The Leavitt-Bowen Mansion was demolished in 1904). During this time, Brooklyn Heights was the residence of increasing numbers of New York City's most prominent merchants.
Seeking to find uses for his accumulated capital, Leavitt entered into several banking ventures. He was elected president of the Fulton Bank of New York City. Later, in 1838, he became president of the American Exchange Bank, a large lending institution headquartered in Manhattan, with which he served for 16 years. During his tenure at American Exchange, there was a financial panic, during which European bondholders of the State of Illinois declared their intention to foreclose on the bonds issuer. "Grave fears were entertained that the bonds would not be paid", wrote "The New York Times", "and several financiers had failed in placing them in the European market, but by pledging his own credit, Mr. Leavitt succeeded in creating a degree of confidence in the scheme, and it was a source of pride to him in after years that all the holders of the bonds eventually received both principal and interest." To reassure the bondholders, Leavitt not only advanced his own funds, but traveled to England to meet jittery European stakeholders.
For his role in averting the bond collapse, and allowing construction of the Illinois and Michigan Canal to the growing city of Chicago, city elders ultimately named Leavitt Street after the New York financier. At the opening of the canal in April 1848, Leavitt – and the only other trustee of the canal's bondholders who had personally intervened to float the $1.6 million loan to complete the project – were feted at the opening ceremonies.
Leavitt acted as financier through the decades for other banks and financing packages. He served as Receiver of the North American Trust and Banking Company. In 1857, during another financial panic which swept the markets, Leavitt took to the steps of the American Exchange Bank building, where he addressed depositors, assuring them the institution would meet its obligations and stemming a run on the bank. By 1861, when "The Merchants' and Bankers' Almanac" was published by "Bankers' Magazine", the portrait of David Leavitt, along with those of George Peabody, Albert Gallatin, Erastus Corning, and Stephen Girard, graced the periodical's cover.
Leavitt later built a estate called "Brookside" in the Massachusetts Berkshires at Great Barrington, Massachusetts, where he established a gallery for his growing art collection, especially the works of Emanuel Leutze, from whom Leavitt had commissioned "The Battle of Monmouth". During his time in Massachusetts, Leavitt was chosen president of the Housatonic Railroad. At the outbreak of the Civil War, Leavitt was named permanent chairman of Great Barrington's committee to aid the Union effort. At the meeting, chairman Leavitt "proclaimed himself willing to contribute his means and, if necessary, his person, to the holy cause."
Leavitt built, in Gothic revival style, an enormous three-story 'cascade barn', measuring -by-, on his estate. The building received extensive write-ups in the following years, including one by Horace Greeley, for its mechanical ingenuity and devices, but nothing apart from the foundations remains today following an 1885 fire.
David Leavitt died at the home of his son Edward in Manhattan on December 30, 1879, at age 88. His wife predeceased him, dying in 1867 at age 76 at the couple's Great Barrington estate. Leavitt was a longtime member of the First Presbyterian Church of Brooklyn, where he had worshipped for a half-century. While in Great Barrington, Leavitt attended the First Congregational Church of Great Barrington. David Leavitt and his wife had an only daughter, Elizabeth Leavitt Howe, whose son and grandson became New Jersey bankers and lived at "Fieldhead", the family estate in Princeton, New Jersey, as well as three sons, Edward, Henry and David Jr.
David Leavitt, Jr., moved to Dresden, Germany, where daughter Louise Walcott Leavitt married Baron Franz Oswald Trützschler von Falkenstein. Her sister Helen Hudson Leavitt married Baron Adolf von Strahlenheim. Hugh Toler Leavitt, brother of the Baronesses, became a German Army officer.
David Leavitt's nephew David Leavitt Hough, a lawyer educated at Middlebury College, settled at LaSalle, Illinois, where he acted as an attorney for the Trustees of the Illinois and Michigan Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="20617463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617463" title="Saint Lucia Red Cross">
Saint Lucia Red Cross

Saint Lucia Red Cross also known as SLRC was founded in 1949 as a branch of the British Red Cross and became a society of its own in 1983. It has its headquarters in Castries, Saint Lucia.

</doc>
<doc id="20617471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617471" title="Eduard Glieder">
Eduard Glieder

Eduard ("Edi") Glieder (born 28 January 1969 in Graz) is a former Austrian football player and current head coach of SK Vorwärts Steyr.
Background.
His youth club St. Margarethen renamed his stadion in June 2001 to Edi-Glieder Stadion.

</doc>
<doc id="20617492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617492" title="Oakland (Bryantown, Maryland)">
Oakland (Bryantown, Maryland)

Oakland is a historic home located near Bryantown, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story, three-bay brick dwelling constructed in the Federal style between 1822 and 1823. About 1880, the Greek Revival entrance and the Italianate front porch were constructed. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20617506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617506" title="(303775) 2005 QU182">
(303775) 2005 QU182

, also written as 2005 QU182, is a trans-Neptunian object with a bright absolute magnitude of 3.7. , Mike Brown lists it as probably a dwarf planet.
Distance.
It came to perihelion in 1971, and is currently 49 AU from the Sun.
It has been observed 49 times over 8 oppositions with precovery images back to 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20617526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617526" title="Boo, Sweden">
Boo, Sweden

Boo, sometimes referred to as "Saltsjö-Boo", is a locality situated in Nacka Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 24,052 inhabitants in 2010.
History.
Boo was an independent municipality until 1970. In 1971 it was integrated into Nacka Municipality.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Boo:

</doc>
<doc id="20617528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617528" title="Lindome">
Lindome

Lindome is a civil parish and a locality situated in Mölndal Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 13,830 inhabitants in the parish in 2009 (11,037 inhabitants in the locality in 2010). The Swedish comic creator Rune Andreasson was born in this small town 1925.
Points of interest.
At Lindome there is the static inverter plant of the Konti-Skan HVDC system. On the area of the static inverter plant, there is also a 120.1 metres tall guyed mast, which carries antennas for transmitting telecommands for controlling the Konti-Skan system towards Denmark.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Lindome:

</doc>
<doc id="20617529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617529" title="Älta">
Älta

Älta is a locality situated in Nacka Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 9,989 inhabitants in 2010.
Sports.
The following sports clubs are located in Älta:

</doc>
<doc id="20617538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617538" title="Homeless International">
Homeless International

Homeless International is a British NGO focusing on urban poverty issues (including slums and social housing) in the developing world. It is a membership organisation registered both as a charity and a company limited by guarantee, with many members being UK housing associations.
History.
Homeless International was initially created in 1984 as the International Year of Shelter for the Homeless Trust or IYSH Trust UK, for the 1987 International Year of Shelter for the Homeless. The Trust organised a fundraising campaign and offered grants to more than 100 projects, both in the UK and overseas, all related to shelter issues.
After the year ended, demand for support was still present in developing countries (for instance for establishing land tenure, offering loans for house improvements, improving basic infrastructure...); the remaining funds were used to set up a permanent organisation to respond to this demand, named Homeless International, and established in 1989. The trustees appointed Ruth McLeod as Director, and she remained Chief Executive until 2007, when Larry English took her succession.
Homeless International's vision is of a world in which all people can exercise their right to adequate land, shelter and services. It believes that sustainable solutions to homelessness can be created only if people have access to land, finance, information, organisation and technology - and if they are involved in the design of solutions that work for them.
Homeless International's work is mainly focussed on community-led initiatives and on urban poverty, although some of its current partner organisations also work in rural areas. It helps slum dwellers by supporting the development of civil society organisations in Africa and Asia that are rooted in communities and that create housing and basic services solutions, which are economically, socially and environmentally sustainable.
Activities.
Homeless International works by supporting community-led projects and initiatives related to slum upgrading and social housing development in over 13 countries by supporting 16 local organisations (see below under Current partners). The support is given in the form of: grants helping these organisations to accomplish their projects and to build their capacity; organisational development support and technical assistance for housing and infrastructure projects; bank guarantees from the Guarantee Fund; capital grants and loans from the Community-Led Infrastructure Finance Facility (CLIFF); loans from the Bond.
Grants.
Homeless International disburses around £1 million of grants every year to partner organisations, especially for younger organisations which are developing community work, undertaking surveys and mapping of slums, and piloting demonstration schemes in housing and infrastructure (such as water supply and sanitation). Such grants are funded by DFID, Comic Relief, the Big Lottery Fund, the European Commission, the Jersey Overseas Aid Commission, and private trusts and foundations such as the Baring Foundation.
The Guarantee Fund.
The Guarantee Fund was established in 1994 to enable communities of slum dwellers to access loans from banks. Given the perceived high risk of lending to slum dwellers, few banks in developing countries are willing to lend to such organisations. The Guarantee Fund was created to offer guarantees to bank so as to lower their perceived risk. The main contributors to the Fund have been UK Housing Associations through long-term deposits. The Guarantee Fund has been used chiefly in India and Bolivia.
CLIFF.
The Community-Led Infrastructure Finance Facility (CLIFF) was created as the result of a DFID-funded research entitled "Bridging the Finance Gap", started in 1999, and first piloted in 2002 in India. It is a venture capital facility which allows communities to implement demonstration projects, in order to secure funding for larger-scale projects. CLIFF is typically used to fund more mature organisations, able to take on loans and larger amounts of capital finance, but still unable to access mainstream housing finance (especially in countries where the financial sector is still under-developed).
Homeless International coordinates CLIFF. A first phase ran between 2002 and 2010, with almost £10 million funded by DFID and SIDA; a second phase is running until 2015, with around £20 million committed by the same funders. CLIFF started in India in 2002, in Kenya in 2005, in the Philippines in 2007, in Nepal in 2010, and in West Africa, Malawi, Angola and Zimbabwe in 2011.
Bond.
The Bond (originally named "The Africa Bond") is a soft loan facility created in 2007, funded mostly by UK Housing Associations through interest-bearing deposits, aimed at providing soft loans to local parner organisations unable to access other forms of loan finance. Loans are typically issued at 6% per annum, for housing projects. As of 2012, loans have been issued to NACHU.
Partner organisations.
Current partners.
Homeless International currently supports the following local organisations.
Some of the above organisations are part of global networks, including Slum Dwellers International, the ACHR, and the International Co-operative Alliance.
Past partners.
In the past, support was also provided to:
This does not include around 50 organisations supported by the IYSH Trust during the 1987 International Year of Shelter for the Homeless.
Notable projects.
Examples of projects supported by Homeless International include:

</doc>
<doc id="20617573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617573" title="Qaratəpə, Sabirabad">
Qaratəpə, Sabirabad

Qaratəpə (known as Pokrovka until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,849.

</doc>
<doc id="20617575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617575" title="Myles Lane">
Myles Lane

Myles J. Lane (October 2, 1903 – August 6, 1987) was a professional ice hockey player, college football player and coach, and New York Supreme Court justice. He was the last surviving member of the 1929 Stanley Cup champion Bruins.
Hockey.
A star player at Dartmouth College, Lane signed with the New York Rangers on October 1, 1928. He became only the third American-born player and the first American-trained player to join the National Hockey League.
In 1928, Lane was offered by the Rangers to the Bruins for Eddie Shore and $5,000. Rangers President John Hammond believed that because Lane was such a hero in his home state, the Bruins would do anything to acquire him. According to former Rangers publicity director Stan Saplin, who got the story from Lester Patrick, the telegram Bruins' president, Charles F. Adams sent back read: "GET A LIFE PRESERVER - YOU ARE MYLES FROM SHORE." The Rangers later sold his contract to the Bruins for $7,500. He was with the Bruins when they won the Stanley Cup in 1929. From 1931-1934 played for the minor league Boston Cubs of the Canadian-American Hockey League.
Football.
Lane was an all-American halfback at Dartmouth College from 1925–1928, where he led the nation in scoring. 
After his playing career ended, Lane turned to coaching. In 1929 he was Dartmouth's backfield coach as well as the head coach of the freshman team. In 1932 he was head football coach at Boston University. He had a 2-3-2 record in his only season with the Terriers. He was the backfield coach at Harvard in 1933 where he coached, among others, his brother Francis Lane.
He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1970.
Legal career.
After graduating from Boston College Law School in 1934, Lane joined the firm of O'Connor & Farber. Three years later he was appointed an assistant United States attorney for the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. He spent four years in the Navy in World War II. After the war he rejoined the US Attorney's office, becoming chief assistant. He was a member of the prosecution team in the Rosenberg trial. In September 1951 he was appointed United States Attorney, a position he held until April 1953, when he returned to private law practice.
In 1958 he was appointed chairman of the State Investigation Commission by governor W. Averell Harriman. During his years with the commission, the agency looked into issues such as school building flaws, hospital abuses, narcotics problems, underworld activities and bid-rigging on New York City's purchases of rock salt. 
He was elected to the New York Supreme Court in 1968. One notable case Lane decided was known as the "dog case". He ruled that "the present circumnstances of rampant crime" allowed a woman to keep her schnauzer despite a lease forbidding dogs. He was subsequently overruled by an appeals court. 
Judge Lane was appointed to the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division, First Department in 1974, where he remained until his retirement in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20617580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617580" title="Governance and law of Penang">
Governance and law of Penang

The state of Penang, Malaysia has its own state legislature and executive, but these have very limited powers in comparison with those of the Malaysian federal authorities.
Executive.
Penang is one of only four states in Malaysia not to have a hereditary Malay Ruler or Sultan, being a former British settlement, the other three being Malacca, also a British settlement, whose sultanate was ended by the Portuguese conquest in 1511, and the Borneo states of Sabah and Sarawak.
The head of the state executive is a Yang di-Pertua Negeri (Governor) appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King of Malaysia). The present Governor is Tun Dato' Seri Haji Abdul Rahman bin Haji Abbas. In practice the Governor is a figurehead, and he acts upon the advice of the state Executive Council, which is appointed from the majority party in the Legislative Assembly.
Chief Minister.
The Chief Minister of Penang is Mr. Lim Guan Eng from the Democratic Action Party (DAP). Following the 12th general election of 8 March 2008, the coalition of DAP and Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) formed the state government, with the chief ministership going to the former that emerged as the single largest party in the state legislature.
Penang is the only state in Malaysia in which its chief ministership has been continuously held by a non-Malay ethnic Chinese since independence, reflecting the state's ethnic majority.
Penang has two deputy chief ministers: Mr. Mansor Othman from PKR is Deputy Chief Minister I and Dr. P. Ramasamy of DAP is Deputy Chief Minister II. The latter made history by becoming the first ethnic Tamil to hold the deputy chief minister post.
Ever since coming into power, Chief Minister Lim has been espousing a clean and efficient government based on CAT (Competency, Accountability, and Transparency). 
The Chief Minister heads the State Executive Council, the highest administrative body in the state, which answers to the Legislative Assembly. The state Secretariat and other state or federal government departments assist the Executive Council in the state's administration. Most government offices are housed in the 65-storey tower block of the Tun Abdul Razak Complex (KOMTAR) in the heart of George Town.
When Parti Gerakan Rakyat Malaysia, a coalition member of the Barisan Nasional (BN), headed the then state government, there have been occasional calls by United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) its other coalition member, to rotate the position of chief minister among the BN component parties. However, this has consistently been rejected by the BN leadership. Such demand reached new heights in 2006 on allegations of the marginalisation of the Malay populace. Interestingly, one of the more vocal proponents is Khairy Jamaludin, the son-in-law of former Malaysian Prime Minister, Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi. It is to be noted that during Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad's tenure of prime ministership, he refuted claims of marginalisation by alluding to the Malay-governed state of Kelantan. In fact, Malays in Penang are only second to their counterparts in the Klang Valley. They fare better than those from other states such as Kedah, Perlis and Terengganu.
Local authorities.
There are two local authorities in Penang, the Municipal Council of Penang Island ("Majlis Perbandaran Pulau Pinang") and the Municipal Council of Province Wellesley ("Majlis Perbandaran Seberang Perai")[http://www.mpsp.gov.my. Local councillors have been appointed by the state government since local elections were abolished in Malaysia in the 1960s. Both municipal councils are made up of a president, a municipal secretary and 24 councillors. The president is appointed by the State Government for two-year terms of office while the councillors are appointed for one-year terms of office. The state is divided into 5 administrative divisions:
Each district is headed by a district officer.
The following table shows the succession of the heads of governments of Penang from its founding years to the present day.
Legislature.
The unicameral state legislature, whose members are called state assemblymen, convenes at the neoclassical state Legislative Assembly ("Dewan Undangan Negeri") building at Light Street. It has 40 seats, 19 of which are held by the Democratic Action Party, 11 by Barisan Nasional, nine by Parti Keadilan Rakyat and one by PAS since the 2008 general elections. It was a sharp reversal from the 38 seats held by BN in the 2004 elections and only the second time since Independence that the state fell into non-BN control, the last being in 1969.
In the Malaysian Parliament, Penang is represented by 13 elected Members of Parliament in the Dewan Rakyat (House of Representatives), serving a five-year term, and has two senators in the Dewan Negara (Senate), both appointed by the state Legislative Assembly to serve a three-year term.
Judiciary.
The court system in the Federation had its origin in the 1807 charter known as the "First Charter of Justice" whereby the British East India Company obtained from the British Crown the right to establish a permanent Court of Judicature in the settlement of Penang. This was followed by the appointment of the first Supreme Court judge designated as the 'Recorder' and Sir Edmond Stanley assumed office as the First Recorder of the Supreme Court of Penang in 1808. At the same time, Sir Stamford Raffles, the founder of Singapore, was the first registrar of the Supreme Court. The designation 'Judge' was subsequently substituted for that of 'Recorder'. The Supreme Court of Penang was first housed at Fort Cornwallis and was opened on 31 May 1808.
Today, the judicial power is almost completely vested in the federal court system. The Supreme Court Building in Light Street and Farquhar Street houses the Penang registry of the High Court in Malaya as well as the George Town Sessions Court and Magistrates courts. The Penang Prison is located at Gaol Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20617586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617586" title="Nashville Vols seasons">
Nashville Vols seasons

The Nashville Vols minor league baseball team played 62 seasons from its inception in Nashville, Tennessee in 1901 through its final season of 1963. The club played in 9,002 regular season games and compiled a win–loss record of 4,566–4,436.
The club was established in 1901 as a charter member of the Southern Association (SA). Originally known as the Nashville Baseball Club during their first seven seasons, they were officially named the Nashville Volunteers in 1908. However, the team was, and is, commonly referred to as the Vols. Their last season in the SA was 1961. After sitting out the 1962 season, the Vols returned for a final season as a part of the South Atlantic League (SAL) in 1963. Over their 62-year existence, the Vols competed at four class levels: Class B (1901), Class A (1902–1935), Class A1 (1936–1945), and Double-A (1946–1961, 1963). They served as a farm club for six major league teams. 
The Vols won the SA Pennant in 1901, 1902, 1908, 1916, 1940, 1943, 1948, 1949, and 1953. They won the Dixie Series, a best-of-seven playoff series between the SA and Texas League, in 1940, 1941, 1942, and 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20617600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617600" title="The Burial Society">
The Burial Society

The Burial Society is a 2002 is a neo-noir thriller film written and directed by Nicholas Racz. The film stars Rob LaBelle, Jan Rubes, Allan Rich, Bill Meilen, Seymour Cassel, and David Paymer. The film follows a lonely, depressed Jewish man who becomes involved in the mafia.
Plot.
"The Burial Society" tells the story of Sheldon Kasner, whose existence has recently turned to one of quiet anxiety. His workload is mounting as his reimbursement for it continues to diminish, and Sheldon justifiably falls into a deep depression. Despite being a highly unlikely candidate for organized crime, he is drawn into a complicit money-laundering scam that doesn't run as planned. With a two-million-dollar debt on his hands, Sheldon devises a complicated plan: staging his own death with the help of the Chevrah Kadisha, or the "Burial Society," a mysterious group of devout Jewish men who have dedicated themselves to preparing dead bodies for their final resting place. Unbeknownst to Sheldon, the Burial Society sees the incompetent businessman as the only hope for the continued existence of their tradition. As they initiate him into their peculiar, ritualistic world, Sheldon believes his life is leisurely getting back on track; however, the men of the Burial Society may have something else in mind for him.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The Burial Society got mediocre reviews when it was released in the US in 2004. The film currently has an overall score of 53 out of 100 on Metacritic. The film has a 53% “fresh” rating on Rotten Tomatoes with a total of eight positive reviews and seven negative reviews.
Awards.
The film won the award for Best Production Design in a Feature Length Drama for James Hazell at the 2003 Leo Awards. It was also nominated in the categories of Best Cinematography, Best Director, Best Male Lead Performance, Best Musical Score, Best Program, and Best Screenplay. In addition to this the film won Best Film at the 2004 Louisville Jewish Film Festival; Best Cinematography and Best Production Design at the Milan International Film Festival; and Best Canadian Screenplay at the Vancouver International Film Festival. The film also won awards from the New Orleans Film Festival and Nanaimo inFEST Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20617603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617603" title="Tashi Quartet">
Tashi Quartet

The Tashi Quartet (originally known as TASHI) is an ensemble of violinist Ida Kavafian, pianist Peter Serkin, cellist Fred Sherry and clarinetist Richard Stoltzman, founded in 1973 for the purpose of playing the Quartet for the End of Time as well as commissioning new works. After some 30 years of inactivity, in 2008 they reunited for a tour to celebrate the centenary of Olivier Messiaen's birth.

</doc>
<doc id="20617606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617606" title="Yastıqobu">
Yastıqobu

Yastıqobu is a village and the least populous municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 230.

</doc>
<doc id="20617611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617611" title="Steve Brûlé">
Steve Brûlé

Steve Brûlé (born January 15, 1975) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently with Saguenay Marquis of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey. He played in the National Hockey League with the New Jersey Devils and Colorado Avalanche.
Playing career.
Brule was drafted 143rd overall in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft by the New Jersey Devils. He was drafted from St. Jean Lynx of the QMJHL where he was a prolific scorer as a junior winning the Michel Bergeron Trophy in 1992–93. Brule made his professional debut at the end of the 1994–95 season with Devils affiliate, the Albany River Rats of the AHL, helping the Rats capture the Calder Cup with 14 points in 14 playoff games.
Due to a strong Devils outfit, Brule spent the next five years with the River Rats, where he was a dependable scoring force. At the end of the 1999–2000 season with the River Rats, Brule was among a handful of players that made up their taxi squad of the Devils in case of injury or slump. When the Devils played against the Toronto Maple Leafs, Brule joined the Devils for a single game in place of Scott Gomez. However, when the Devils defeated the defending champion Dallas Stars, Brule, without a regular season game in his career, had his name engraved on the Stanley Cup.
Brule then signed with the Detroit Red Wings on July 20, 2000, and failing to make the team was assigned to the Manitoba Moose of the IHL. Brule then spent the 2001–02 season with the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks of the AHL before he signed with the Colorado Avalanche on July 22, 2002. Steve made the Avlanche's opening night roster for the 2002–03 season and made his NHL regular season debut, but was subsequently sent to affiliate the Hershey Bears. 
Brule re-signed with the Avalanche on August 26, 2003, but again spent the year with the Bears, placing 2nd on the team in points with 58. During the 2004 NHL Lockout Brule left for Europe signing with German team Krefeld Pinguine of the DEL on July 22, 2004. After the Lockout Brule opted to stay in Europe spending time in the Austrian, and Swiss leagues.
After seven years abroad on June 23, 2011, Brule signed a one-year contract returning to play in Canada with the Saguenay Marquis of the LNAH.

</doc>
<doc id="20617614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617614" title="Qəfərli">
Qəfərli

Qəfərli is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 434.

</doc>
<doc id="20617617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617617" title="Qaralı, Sabirabad">
Qaralı, Sabirabad

Qaralı is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 658.

</doc>
<doc id="20617621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617621" title="Balakənd, Sabirabad">
Balakənd, Sabirabad

Balakənd is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 694.

</doc>
<doc id="20617626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617626" title="Yuxarı Axtaçı">
Yuxarı Axtaçı

Yuxarı Axtaçı is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 930.

</doc>
<doc id="20617629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617629" title="Evening Herald Champion Novice Hurdle">
Evening Herald Champion Novice Hurdle

The Herald Champion Novice Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Punchestown over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are nine hurdles to be jumped. The race is for novice hurdlers, and it is scheduled to take place each year during the Punchestown Festival in late April or early May.
The event was formerly open to horses aged four or older, and for a period it was sponsored by BMW. The minimum age was raised to five in 1992, and Country Pride took over the sponsorship in 1993. The race was promoted from Grade 2 to Grade 1 status in 1998.
The "Evening Herald" became the usual sponsor of the race in 2000. The event was subsequently backed by VC Bet, but the Evening Herald returned as sponsor in 2009.
Records.
Leading jockey since 1980 (3 wins):
Leading trainer since 1980 (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20617630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617630" title="Paul Oakenfold discography">
Paul Oakenfold discography

This is a discography of the trance DJ/record producer Paul Oakenfold.
DJ mixes.
For both of his Global Underground mixes, see above in the Live albums section.

</doc>
<doc id="20617631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617631" title="Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories">
Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories

During Barack Obama's campaign for president and in the years following his election, many conspiracy theories have been circulated, asserting that he is not a natural-born citizen of the United States and consequently, under , is ineligible to be President of the United States.
Theories allege that Obama's published birth certificate is a forgery—that his actual birthplace is not Hawaii but Kenya. Other theories allege that Obama became a citizen of Indonesia in childhood, thereby losing his U.S. citizenship. Still others claim that Obama is not a natural-born U.S. citizen because he was born a dual citizen (British and American). Some political commentators have characterized these various claims as a racist reaction to Obama's status as the first African American president of the United States.
Such claims have been promoted by fringe theorists ("birthers"), some of whom have sought court rulings either declaring Obama ineligible to take office, or granting access to various documents which they claim exist, and which they claim would evidence such ineligibility; none of these efforts have been successful. Some political opponents, especially in the Republican Party, have expressed skepticism about Obama's citizenship or been unwilling to acknowledge it; some have proposed legislation which would require presidential candidates to provide proof of eligibility.
Expressed belief in such theories has persisted despite Obama's pre-election release of his official Hawaiian birth certificate in 2008; confirmation, based on the original documents, by the Hawaii Department of Health; the April 2011 release of a certified copy of Obama's original Certificate of Live Birth (or "long-form birth certificate"); and contemporaneous birth announcements published in two Hawaii newspapers. Polls conducted in 2010 suggested that at least one quarter of adult Americans said that they doubted Obama's U.S. birth, while a May 2011 Gallup poll found that 13% of American adults (23% of Republicans) continued to express such doubts.
Background.
Early life of Obama.
People who express doubts about Obama's eligibility or reject details about his early life are often informally called "birthers", a term that parallels the nickname "truthers" for adherents of 9/11 conspiracy theories. These conspiracy theorists reject at least some of the following facts about his early life:
Barack Obama was born on August 4, 1961, at Kapi'olani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital (now called Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women & Children) in Honolulu, Hawaii, to Ann Dunham, from Wichita, Kansas, and Barack Obama, Sr., a Luo from Nyang’oma Kogelo, Nyanza Province, in what was then the Colony and Protectorate of Kenya who was attending the University of Hawaii. Birth notices for Barack Obama were published in the "Honolulu Advertiser" on August 13 and the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" on August 14, 1961. Obama's father's immigration file also clearly states Barack Obama being born in Hawaii. One of his high school teachers, who was acquainted with his mother at the time, remembered hearing about the day of his birth.
Obama's parents were divorced in 1964. He attended kindergarten in 1966–1967 at Noelani Elementary School in Honolulu.</ref> In 1967, his mother married Indonesian student Lolo Soetoro, who was also attending the University of Hawaii, and the family moved to Jakarta, Indonesia, where Obama attended the Catholic St. Francis of Assisi School before transferring to State Elementary School Menteng 01, an elite Indonesian public school in Menteng. As a child in Indonesia, Obama was called "Barry", sometimes Barry Soetoro, reflecting his step-father's surname, and sometimes Barry Obama, using his own surname. When he was ten years old, Obama returned to Honolulu to live with his maternal grandparents, Madelyn and Stanley Dunham, and has resided continuously in the United States since 1971.
Origins of the claims.
During the Democratic Party's 2008 presidential primaries, anonymous e-mails from supporters of Hillary Clinton surfaced that questioned Obama's citizenship in an attempt to revive Clinton's faltering primary election campaign. These and numerous other chain e-mails during the subsequent presidential election circulated false rumors about Obama's origin, religion and birth certificate.
Jim Geraghty of the conservative website "National Review Online" may have sparked further speculation on June 9, 2008, when he asked that Obama release his birth certificate. Geraghty wrote that releasing his birth certificate could debunk several false rumors circulating on the Internet, namely: that his middle name was originally Muhammad rather than Hussein; that his mother had originally named him "Barry" rather than "Barack"; and that Barack Obama, Sr. was not his biological father, as well as the rumor that Barack Obama was not a natural-born citizen.
In October 2009, anonymous e-mails circulated claiming that the Associated Press (AP) had reported Obama was "Kenyan-Born". The claims were based on an AP story that had appeared five years earlier in a Kenyan publication, "The Standard". The rumor-checking website Snopes.com found that the headline and lead-in sentence describing Obama as born in Kenya and misspelling his first name had been added by the Kenyan newspaper, and did not appear in the story issued by the AP or in any other contemporary newspaper that picked up the AP story.
In 2012, Breitbart.com published a copy of a promotional booklet that Obama's literary agency, Acton & Dystel, printed in 1991 (and later posted to their website, in a biography in place until April 2007) which misidentified Obama's birthplace and states that Obama was "born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii." When this was posted by Breitbart, the booklet's editor said that this incorrect information had been her mistake, not based on anything provided to her agency by Obama.
Release of the birth certificates.
Short form, 2008.
On June 12, 2008, Obama's campaign responded to the rumors by posting an image of Obama's birth certificate on the ""Fight The Smears"" website.
The image is a scan of a laser printed document obtained from and certified by the Hawaii Department of Health on June 6, 2007. It is a "Certification of Live Birth", sometimes referred to as a short form birth certificate, and contains less information than the longer "Certificate of Live Birth", which Hawaii no longer issues. Asked about this, Hawaiian Department of Health spokeswoman Janice Okubo explained that Hawaii stopped issuing the longer "Certificate" in 2001 when their birth records were "put into electronic files for consistent reporting", and therefore Hawaii "does not have a short-form or long-form certificate". A "record of live birth", partially handwritten and partially typed, was created and submitted in 1961 when Obama was born, and is "located in a bound volume in a file cabinet on the first floor of the state Department of Health". The document was used to create the state's electronic records, and has been examined by state officials multiple times since the controversy began.
In releasing the certificate, the Obama website declared that the rumors "aren't actually about that piece of paper – they're about manipulating people into thinking Barack is not an American citizen". The campaign also provided the Daily Kos blog with a copy of the document. Referring to this release, "National Review" columnist Jim Geraghty, wrote on June 12, 2008: 
Frequent arguments of those questioning Obama's eligibility related to the fact that he did not originally release a copy of his "original" or "long form" birth certificate, but rather a "short form" version that did not include all of the information given on 1961 Hawaii-issued birth certificates. It was claimed that the use of the term "certification of live birth" on the first document means it is not equivalent to a "birth certificate". These arguments have been debunked numerous times by media investigations, every judicial forum that has addressed the matter, and Hawaiian government officials—among whom a consensus has been reached that the document released by the Obama campaign is indeed his official birth certificate. The director of the state Department of Human Health confirmed that the state "has Sen. Obama’s original birth certificate on record in accordance with state policies and procedures". The short form is ""prima facie" evidence of the fact of birth in any court proceeding".
Rejection by conspiracy theorists.
The release of the certificate in 2008 resulted in a fresh round of questions. It was asserted that the certificate had been digitally forged with Adobe Photoshop and lacked a stamped seal of the state, which led them to demand that Obama release his "original" 1961 birth certificate. Jerome Corsi, author of the book "The Obama Nation: Leftist Politics and the Cult of Personality", told Fox News that "the campaign has a false, fake birth certificate posted on their website... it's been shown to have watermarks from Photoshop. It's a fake document that's on the Web site right now, and the original birth certificate the campaign refuses to produce." This view was rejected by FactCheck.org, which viewed the Obama campaign's hard copy of the Certification of Live Birth and reported that:
Hawaii Department of Health response.
The director of Hawaii's Department of Health, Chiyome Fukino, issued a statement confirming that the state held Obama's "original birth certificate on record in accordance with state policies and procedures". Noting "there have been numerous requests for Sen. Barack Hussein Obama's official birth certificate", Fukino explained that the department was prohibited by state law from releasing it to "persons who do not have a tangible interest in the vital record." She stated: "No state official, including Gov. Linda Lingle, has ever instructed that this vital record be handled in a manner different from any other vital record in the possession of the State of Hawaii."
According to the website TVNewser, CNN's researchers stated in 2009 that the original birth certificate no longer existed, as Hawaii discarded all paper birth records in 2001, and the certification of live birth was the official copy. Contradicting this report, Janice Okubo, public information officer for the Hawaii DOH, said "We don't destroy vital records." The Health Department's director emphasized the assertion:
Joshua Wisch, a spokesman for the Hawaii Attorney General's office, stated in 2011 that the original "long form" birth certificate — described by Hawaiian officials as a "record of live birth" kept in the archives of the Hawaii Department of Health is "... a Department of Health record and it can't be released to anybody", including President Obama. Wisch added that state law does not authorize photocopying such records.
Long form, 2011.
On April 22, 2011, Obama asked Loretta Fuddy, director of the Hawaii Department of Health, for certified copies of his original Certificate of Live Birth ("long-form birth certificate"). Accompanying the letter was a written request from Judith Corley, Obama's personal counsel, requesting a waiver of the department's policy of issuing only computer-generated certificates. Corley stated that granting the waiver would relieve the department of the burden of repeated inquiries into the President's birth records.
On April 25, 2011, Fuddy approved the request and witnessed the copying process as the health department's registrar issued the certified copies. The same day, Corley personally visited the department headquarters in Honolulu to pay the required fee on Obama's behalf, and received the two requested certified copies of the original birth certificate, an accompanying letter from Fuddy attesting to the authenticity of same, and a receipt for the processing fee. Fuddy said that she had granted the exception to its normal policy of issuing only computer-generated copies by virtue of Obama's status, in an effort to avoid ongoing requests for the birth certificate.
On April 27, White House staffers gave reporters a copy of the certificate, and posted a PDF image of the certificate on the White House website. The certificate reconfirmed the information on the official short-form certificate released in 2008, and provided additional details such as the name of the hospital at which Obama was born.
Rejection by conspiracy theorists.
A claim put forth by the "Drudge Report" that the newly released document was a forgery made with image editing software quickly spread on the Internet. Nathan Goulding, chief technology officer of the "National Review" magazine, dismissed the matter of "layered components" found in the White House PDF by suggesting "that whoever scanned the birth certificate in Hawaii forgot to turn off the OCR setting on the scanner." Nathan added "I’ve confirmed that scanning an image, converting it to a PDF, optimizing that PDF, and then opening it up in Illustrator, does in fact create layers similar to what is seen in the birth certificate PDF. You can try it yourself at home."
"Showing papers".
Goldie Taylor, a commentator for the African American news site The Grio, characterized the demand that Obama provide his birth certificate as an equivalent of making him "show his papers", as blacks were once required to do under Jim Crow laws. Sociologist Matthew W. Hughey has cited many of the claims as evidence of racial "othering" of Obama against the conflation of the White Protestant subject as the ideal and authentic American citizen.
False claims.
Born in Kenya.
Some opponents of Obama's presidential eligibility claim that he was born in Kenya, and was therefore not born a United States citizen.
Whether Obama having been born outside the U.S. would have invalidated his U.S. citizenship at birth is debated. Political commentator Andrew Malcolm, of the "Los Angeles Times", wrote that Obama would still be eligible for the presidency, regardless of where he was born, because his mother was an American citizen, saying that Obama's mother "could have been on Mars when wee Barry emerged and he'd still be American." A contrary view is promoted by UCLA Law Professor Eugene Volokh, who has said that in the hypothetical scenario that Obama was born outside the U.S., he would "not" be a natural-born citizen, since the then-applicable law would have required Obama's mother to have been in the U.S. at least "five years after the age of 14", but Ann Dunham was three months shy of her 19th birthday when Obama was born.
Obama's paternal step-grandmother's version of events.
An incorrect but popularly reported claim is that his father's stepmother, Sarah Obama, told Anabaptist Bishop Ron McRae in a recorded transatlantic telephone conversation that she was present when Obama was born in Kenya.
The McClatchy newspapers gave an explanation of how the story about Obama's step-grandmother began. The tape is cut off in the middle of the conversation, before the passage in which she clarifies her meaning: "'Obama was not born in Mombasa. He was born in America,' the translator says after talking to the woman. ... Another response later says, 'Obama in Hawaii. Hawaii. She says he was born in Hawaii.'"
Sarah Obama shed more light on the controversy in a 2007 interview with the "Chicago Tribune". In the interview, Obama's paternal step grandmother stated that six months after Barack Obama Sr. and Ann Dunham were married, she received a letter at her home in Kenya announcing the birth of Barack Obama II, who was born August 4, 1961.
In a June 2012 interview at her Kenyan home, Sarah Obama was asked: "Some people want to believe that the president was born in Kenya. Have these people ever bothered you or asked for his birth certificate?" Her response was: "But Barack Obama wasn’t born in Kenya."
Fake Kenyan birth certificate.
On August 2, 2009, Orly Taitz released and attached to court documents a purported Kenyan birth certificate which she said, if authenticated and shown to be genuine, would significantly narrow and shorten the discovery and pre-trial litigation period in the "Keyes v. Bowen" lawsuit, in which the plaintiffs asked for a judicial order that Obama provide documentation that he is a natural-born citizen of the United States. Legal papers submitted describe the document as an "unauthenticated color photocopy of certified copy of registration of birth".
The document was almost immediately revealed to be a forgery. It purports to have been issued by the "Republic of Kenya", when in fact, such a state did not yet exist at the time of Obama's birth as indicated on the document (Kenya was a British Colony until 1963).
Subsequently, evidence was unearthed that the alleged Kenyan birth certificate was a modified version of a 1959 Australian birth certificate found on an online genealogy website. The "Washington Independent" website cited an anonymous blogger as having taken responsibility for the forgery and posting four photos substantiating his claim. Examples of actual 1961 Kenyan birth certificates have also been published, which look substantially different from the document Taitz submitted to the court.
Not born in Hawaii.
Despite the existence of Obama's Hawaii certification of live birth, Terry Lakin's attorney, among others, have claimed that anyone, including foreign-born children, could acquire a Hawaiian certification of live birth, and so Obama's possession of such a certificate does not prove that he was born in Hawaii. However, the suggestion that this could have applied to Obama was rejected by Janice Okubo, director of communications for the Hawaii Department of Health: "If you were born in Bali, for example, you could get a certificate from the state of Hawaii saying you were born in Bali. You could not get a certificate saying you were born in Honolulu. The state has to verify a fact like that for it to appear on the certificate". Another fact that refutes this specific claim is that the law allowing foreign-born children to obtain Hawaiian birth certificates did not exist until 20 years after Obama was born, while Obama’s published birth certificate says his birth information was recorded four days after his birth in 1961, and explicitly states that he was born in Honolulu.
Additionally, some people claim that the information in the birth certificate only has to be based on the testimony of one parent.
On July 27, 2009, Fukino issued a statement explicitly stating she has "seen the original vital records maintained on file by the Hawaii State Department of Health verifying Barack Hussein Obama was born in Hawaii and is a natural-born American citizen."
Hawaiian Department of Health spokeswoman Janice Okubo elaborated on state policy for the release of vital records: "If someone from Obama's campaign gave us permission in person and presented some kind of verification that he or she was Obama's designee, we could release the vital record."
A hospital spokesperson at Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women & Children has said that their standard procedure is to neither confirm nor deny Obama was born there, "even though all the information out there says he was born at Kapiolani Hospital", citing federal privacy laws.
In 1961, birth notices for Barack Obama were published in both the "Honolulu Advertiser" and the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" on August 13 and August 14, 1961, respectively, listing the home address of Obama's parents as 6085 Kalanianaole Highway in Honolulu. On November 9, 2008, in response to the persistent rumors, the "Advertiser" posted on its web site a screenshot of the announcement taken from its microfilmed archives. Such notices were sent to newspapers routinely by the Hawaii Department of Health.
In an editorial published on July 29, 2009, the "Star-Bulletin" pointed out that both newspapers' vital-statistics columns are available on microfilm in the main state library. "Were the state Department of Health and Obama's parents really in cahoots to give false information to the newspapers, perhaps intending to clear the way for the baby to someday be elected president of the United States?" the newspaper asked.
Lost U.S. citizenship.
It has been suggested that Obama obtained Indonesian citizenship (and thus may have lost U.S. citizenship) when he lived there as a child. As an attempt to prove that Obama was no longer a U.S. citizen (or held dual citizenship), some claim his 1981 trip to Pakistan took place at a time when there was supposedly a ban on United States passport holders entering that country, which would in turn have required him to use a non-U.S. passport. There was in fact no such ban. A "New York Times" article and U.S. State Department travel advisories from 1981 make it clear that travel to Pakistan by U.S. passport holders was legal at that time.
An April Fools Day hoax email circulated on the Internet starting in 2009. It falsely claimed that Obama applied to Occidental College under the name "Barry Soetoro" claiming to be "a foreign student from Indonesia" in order to obtain a Fulbright scholarship (which does not exist for undergraduate students from Indonesia).
Disputes over "natural-born citizen" requirements.
Another theory of Obama's ineligibility is that, regardless of his place of birth, he does not meet the constitutional definition of a natural-born citizen.
The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution states: "All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States..." According to law professor Gabriel J. Chin, "there is agreement that 'natural born citizens' include those made citizens by birth under the 14th Amendment."
Despite this agreement, two similar but distinct theories nonetheless contend Obama, although born in Hawaii, does not qualify as a "natural-born citizen":
Parental citizenship.
Some campaigners, such as the Tennessee-based Liberty Legal Foundation, contend that in order for a person to be a natural-born citizen within the meaning of Article II, Section 1, it is necessary that both parents be U.S. citizens at the time of that person's birth. Those who subscribe to this theory argue that since Obama's father was not a U.S. citizen, Obama could not have been a natural-born citizen, and is therefore ineligible to be President of the United States. The Liberty Legal Foundation has cited language in an 1875 voting rights case—"Minor v. Happersett"—in support of its claim that the U.S. Supreme Court has defined natural-born citizens as "all children born in a country of parents who were its citizens".
Dual citizenship.
Others, including New Jersey attorney Leo Donofrio, have claimed that a person cannot be a natural-born citizen if he is a dual citizen at birth. Those who subscribe to this theory argue that because Obama's father held citizenship of the UK and colonies, and not U.S. citizenship, at the time Obama was born, Obama was born a dual citizen and therefore was not a natural-born citizen.
In August 2008, the "Rocky Mountain News" ran an online article asserting that Obama is both a U.S. and a Kenyan citizen. This turned out to be incorrect according to FactCheck.org, which noted that Obama was indeed born a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies (CUKC) under British law, by virtue of his descent from a Kenyan father at a time when Kenya was a British colony, but lost CUKC citizenship and became a Kenyan citizen when that country gained independence in 1963. However, Kenya's constitution prohibits dual citizenship in adulthood. Obama therefore automatically lost his Kenyan citizenship on his 23rd birthday, in 1984, by failing to formally renounce any non-Kenyan citizenship and swear an oath of allegiance to Kenya. Although the paper apologized for the error and published a correction, the article continued to provide fuel for online rumors about Obama's eligibility for the presidency.
Campaigners and proponents.
Notable advocates of the view that Obama may not be eligible for the Presidency include Philip J. Berg, a Pennsylvania attorney and 9/11 conspiracy theorist. Berg describes himself as a "moderate to liberal" Democrat who backed Hillary Clinton for president. Another notable advocate is Alan Keyes, who was defeated by Obama in the 2004 Illinois U.S. Senate election, served as a diplomat in the Reagan administration, and is currently a media personality and self-described "conservative political activist".
Orly Taitz, a California dentist and attorney who emigrated from the Soviet Union to Israel, then to the United States, and holds dual U.S. and Israeli citizenship, has been called the "queen bee of the birthers", because she is often seen as the face of the movement.
Other notable advocates include Andy Martin, a perennial candidate who was "widely credited with starting the cyberwhisper campaign" that Obama is a secret Muslim, and Robert L. Schulz, a tax protester and activist who placed full-page advertisements in the "Chicago Tribune" in December 2008 arguing that Obama had been born in Kenya or had subsequently renounced U.S. citizenship. In December 2008, Alex Koppelman, a senior writer for "Salon", characterized nearly all of the prominent people promoting the story Obama was not eligible to be president, including Jerome Corsi, Philip Berg, Andy Martin and Robert Schultz as having a "history of conspiracist thought".
The Constitution Party, a paleoconservative third party, also campaigned for release of Obama's original long-form certificate.
The website AmericaMustKnow.com encouraged visitors to lobby members of the Electoral College to vote against Obama's confirmation as President and become faithless electors. Electors around the country received numerous letters and e-mails contending that Obama's birth certificate is a forgery and that he was born in Kenya, and requesting that Obama be denied the presidency.
Some of the online campaigners coordinated their efforts with weekly conference calls, in which they discussed the latest news and how to advance the story.
The campaign has also been supported by the "WorldNetDaily" ("WND") website, which sponsored a letter-writing campaign to the Supreme Court. "WND"s publisher Joseph Farah has written a number of editorials arguing that Obama's eligibility needs to be confirmed. "WND" has mounted an advertising campaign, using electronic billboards to ask "Where's The Birth Certificate?".
The talk radio hosts Michael Savage, G. Gordon Liddy, Brian Sussman, Lars Larson, Bob Grant, Jim Quinn, Rose Tennent, Barbara Simpson, Mark Davis, and Fred Grandy have all promoted the ineligibility claims on their radio shows. Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity and Lou Dobbs have also broached the issue several times on their shows. Savage, during an episode of his nationally syndicated radio show "Savage Nation", said that "We're getting ready for the Communist takeover of America with a noncitizen at the helm."
Some celebrities have promoted or touched upon the ineligibility claims, as well. In August 2009, actor Chuck Norris, while not embracing the eligibility claims, wrote an open letter to Obama urging that he officially release his "original birth certificate", saying, "Refusing to post your original birth certificate is an unwise political and leadership decision that is enabling the 'birther' controversy." In December 2010, Baltimore Orioles baseball player Luke Scott asserted in a Yahoo! interview that Obama "was not born here" and that his birth certificate was never released. The Huffington Post reported that, in April 2011 during his stage show, Charlie Sheen said, "For starters, I was fucking born here, how about that? And I got proof! Nothing photoshopped about my birth certificate."
The anti-Obama campaigners have not, however, been unanimous in their approach. For example, "WorldNetDaily" has been critical of Philip Berg's forgery claims, saying that a "WND investigation into Obama's form birth certificate utilizing forgery experts ... found the document to be authentic". At the same time, "WND" has been urging Obama to release his original long-form certificate, and contends that "Hawaii at the time of Obama's birth allowed births that took place in foreign countries to be registered in Hawaii", ignoring the fact that a birth certificate issued in such circumstances would list the actual place of birth, not a Hawaiian location such as Honolulu. A subsequent "WND" article seemed to backtrack on the earlier one, saying of the experts it had quoted earlier that "None of them could report conclusively that the electronic image was authentic or that it was a forgery."
According to Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center, "the birther movement has gained a large following on the radical right ... it has been adopted by the most noxious elements out there". Some of those "noxious elements" include a number of avowed white-supremacist and neo-Nazi groups.
James Wenneker von Brunn, an avowed white supremacist charged as the gunman in the June 10, 2009, United States Holocaust Memorial Museum shooting, had previously posted messages to the Internet accusing Obama and the media of hiding documents about his life.
Political candidates and elected officials.
Richard Shelby.
In February 2009, the "Cullman Times", an Alabama newspaper, reported that at a town hall meeting there, U.S. Senator from Alabama Richard Shelby was asked if there was any truth to the rumors that Obama was not a natural-born citizen. According to the "Times" report, Shelby said, “Well his father was Kenyan and they said he was born in Hawaii, but I haven’t seen any birth certificate. You have to be born in America to be president.”
A Shelby spokesperson denied the story, but the newspaper stood by it.
Roy Blunt.
On July 28, 2009, Mike Stark approached Missouri Congressman Roy Blunt asking him about the conspiracy theory that Barack Obama is not a natural-born citizen. Blunt responded: "What I don’t know is why the President can’t produce a birth certificate. I don’t know anybody else that can’t produce one. And I think that’s a legitimate question. No health records, no birth certificate." Blunt's spokesperson later claimed that the quote was taken out of context.
Jean Schmidt.
After giving a speech at the Voice of America Freedom Rally in West Chester, Ohio on September 5, 2009, Republican congresswoman Jean Schmidt replied to a woman who commented that Obama was ineligible for the Presidency, "I agree with you. But the courts don't." Schmidt's office subsequently responded that a video clip of this comment was "taken out of context", and reiterated that her stated position is that Obama is a citizen.
She had earlier voted to certify the Electoral College vote affirming his presidency, and had said she believes Obama is a U.S. citizen. The statement was issued in response to a July 28, 2009, YouTube video in which Schmidt was seen running away from Mike Stark when he asked whether or not she had any questions about President Obama's citizenship status.
Nathan Deal.
In November 2009, then-Representative Nathan Deal replied to a question about whether he believed that Obama "is a native-born American citizen who is eligible to serve as president" with a statement that "I am joining several of my colleagues in the House in writing a letter to the President asking that he release a copy of his birth certificate so we can have an answer to this question." Contrasting the differing fates of Deal, who won the 2010 gubernatorial election in Georgia, and former Democratic Representative Cynthia McKinney, who lost her primary after endorsing 9/11 conspiracy theories, David Weigel of "Slate" noted: "Dipping a toe into the birtherism fever swamp didn't stop Deal from winning a statewide primary."
Sarah Palin.
During a December 3, 2009 interview on Rusty Humphries' radio talk show, Humphries asked Sarah Palin if she would make Barack Obama's birth certificate a campaign issue in 2012, should she decide to run. Palin responded, "I think the public rightfully is still making it an issue. I don't have a problem with that. I don't know if I would have to bother to make it an issue, because I think that members of the electorate still want answers." Humphries followed up, asking whether she thinks Obama's birth certificate is a fair question to be looking at. Palin answered, "I think it's a fair question, just like I think past association and past voting records – all of that is fair game. The McCain–Palin campaign didn't do a good enough job in that area."
After news organizations and blogs picked up the quotation, Palin issued a statement on her Facebook page in which she clarified that she meant to say that voters have the right to ask questions, and she herself has never asked Obama to produce a birth certificate. She then went on to compare questioning of Obama's birth certificate to questions that were raised during the 2008 presidential elections about her maternity to her son, Trig. This analogy was criticized by Mark Milian of the "Los Angeles Times", who commented that "It's not like Barack Obama hosted a radio show and called her a baby faker." In addition, Andrew Sullivan, an established skeptic of Palin's relationship with Trig, wrote in response to her comments: "Palin has never produced Trig's birth certificate or a single piece of objective medical evidence that proves he is indeed her biological son."
Tracey Mann.
Tracey Mann, a candidate running for Congress from Kansas in 2010, stated at a candidate forum that Obama "should show his birth certificate to really resolve this thing one way or another". In a radio interview, he answered a question as "I think the president of the United States needs to come forth with his papers and show everyone that he's an American citizen and put this issue to bed once and for all." In response, on July 21, 2010, "The Hutchinson News", a local paper in Hutchinson, Kansas, withdrew their endorsement of Mann, saying that Mann "questions the citizenship of President Barack Obama despite evidence that is irrefutable to most objective, rational people – including a birth certificate released by the Hawaii secretary of state and birth announcements printed in Honolulu's two major newspapers". Mann responded that he was "disappointed and mystified by the "Hutchinson News" decision to withdraw their endorsement over a misunderstanding of position", as he is not "interested in pursuing this issue in Congress", and he has "never had any interest in spending any time on the matter". Mann was subsequently defeated in the Republican primary by state senator Tim Huelskamp.
David Vitter.
At a townhall meeting in Metairie, Louisiana on July 11, 2010, Senator David Vitter responded to a question about Barack Obama's birth certificate saying "I personally don't have standing to bring litigation in court, but I support conservative legal organizations and others who would bring that to court. I think that is the valid and most possibly effective grounds to do it." His campaign did not provide any additional comments on the matter.
Newt Gingrich.
On September 11, 2010, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich stated that Obama could only be understood by people who "understand Kenyan, anti-colonial behavior". While Gingrich did not define what constitutes "Kenyan, anti-colonial behavior", White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs accused Gingrich of "trying to appeal to the fringe of people who don't believe the president was born in this country". Gibbs went on to say, "You would normally expect better of somebody who held the position of Speaker of the House, but look, it is political season, and most people will say anything, and Newt Gingrich does that on a, genuinely, on a regular basis."
Andy Martin.
In December 2010, Andy Martin (plaintiff in "Martin v. Lingle" and self-crowned as "King of the Birthers") announced his candidacy to seek the 2012 Republican nomination for the President of the United States. In February 2011, Martin's planned appearance at a Republican meeting in Deering, New Hampshire, was cancelled after his anti-Semitic past was discovered.
Mike Huckabee.
On February 28, 2011, on Steve Malzberg's radio program Mike Huckabee, a 2008 candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, falsely claimed that Obama had been raised in Kenya and that " probably grew up hearing that the British were a bunch of imperialists who persecuted his grandfather." Huckabee, speaking on "The O'Reilly Factor", said that he misspoke and intended to say Indonesia, characterizing his own comment as a "verbal gaffe".
Michele Bachmann.
In March 2011, Representative Michele Bachmann told conservative radio host Jeff Katz on his program, "I'll tell you one thing, if I was ever to run for president of the United States, I think the first thing I would do in the first debate is offer my birth certificate, so we can get that off the table." Previously on "Good Morning America", when asked about President Obama's origins, she replied, "Well, that isn't for me to state. That's for the president to state."
Joe Arpaio.
Volunteer investigators working under the direction of Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio have asserted that Obama's birth certificate is a computer-generated forgery. Rejecting this claim, an assistant to Hawaii's attorney general stated in July 2012 that "President Obama was born in Honolulu, and his birth certificate is valid... Regarding the latest allegations from a sheriff in Arizona, they are untrue, misinformed and misconstrue Hawaii law." Arizona state officials, including Governor Jan Brewer and Secretary of State Ken Bennett, have also dismissed Arpaio's objections and accepted the validity of Obama's birth certificate. Alex Pareene, a staff writer for "Salon", wrote regarding a May 2012 trip to Hawaii by Arpaio's people that "I think we have long since passed the point at which I'd find this story believable in a fictional setting".
Mike Coffman.
On May 12, 2012, Mike Coffman, a congressman running for re-election in the Sixth Congressional District of Colorado, addressed a Republican fund-raising event in Elbert County. Coffman stated that he did not know where President Barack Obama was born. Coffman went on to say of Obama that "in his heart, he's not an American. He's just not an American." Coffman issued an apology on May 16, saying that he had misspoken and that he had confidence in President Obama's citizenship and legitimacy as president. In a May 23 "Denver Post" op-ed piece, Coffman described his comment as "inappropriate and boneheaded."
Public figures.
Donald Trump.
In March 2011, during an interview on "Good Morning America", Donald Trump said he was seriously considering running for president, that he was a "little" skeptical of Obama's citizenship, and that someone who shares this view shouldn't be so quickly dismissed as an "idiot" (as Trump considers the term "birther" to be "derogatory"). Trump added, "Growing up no one knew him", a claim ranked Pants-on-Fire by Politifact. Later, Trump appeared on "The View" repeating several times that "I want him (Obama) to show his birth certificate." He speculated that "there’s something on that birth certificate that he doesn’t like", a comment which host Whoopi Goldberg described as "the biggest pile of dog mess I’ve heard in ages." On the March 30, 2011, edition of "CNN Newsroom", anchor Suzanne Malveaux commented on Trump's statements, pointing out that she had made a documentary for which she had gone to Hawaii and spoken with people who knew Obama as a child. In an NBC TV interview broadcast on April 7, 2011, Trump said he would not let go of the issue, because he was not satisfied that Obama had proved his citizenship. After Trump began making his views public, he was contacted by Joseph Farah of "WorldNetDaily", who was reportedly on the phone with Trump every day for a week, providing Trump with a "birther primer", answers to questions, and advice. After Obama released his long form birth certificate on April 27, 2011, Trump said "I am really honored and I am really proud, that I was able to do something that nobody else could do."
On October 24, 2012, Trump offered to donate five million dollars to the charity of Obama's choice in return for the publication of his college and passport applications before October 31, 2012.
Political impact.
Although claims about Obama's citizenship were evaluated in 2008 by the McCain Campaign and ultimately rejected, they became a significant issue among sections of the political right. By mid-2009, the natural born citizen issue was one of the hottest and most lucrative sources of fundraising for organizations on the right that raise funds through direct mail and telemarketing. Online petition sites such as that of Alan Keyes, who has been collecting signatures on the birth certificate issue, are a major source for generating mailing lists of movement conservatives. The web site "WorldNetDaily" published more than 200 articles on the subject by July 2009 and has sold billboards, bumper stickers and postcards asking "Where's the birth certificate?" and similar slogans in an effort which has "already raised tens of thousands of dollars."
Moderate conservatives have found themselves "bombarded with birther stuff". Protesters at the Tea Party protests in 2009 carried signs about the birth certificate issue, some of which were recommended by protest organizers. In an incident that attracted widespread media coverage, moderate Republican Representative Michael Castle was booed and heckled during a July 2009 town hall meeting in Georgetown, Delaware, when he told a woman protesting about Obama's birth certificate: "if you’re referring to the president there, he is a citizen of the United States."
"NBC Nightly News" reported that other members of Congress often hear the issue too; an anonymous congressman told the program that he was reluctant to advertise his own town hall meetings for fear of this issue drowning out everything else.
A number of Republican legislators have proposed legislation and constitutional amendments at the state and federal levels to address issues raised by the birth certificate campaigners. Some Republicans are said to "want the issue to go away", seeing it as a distraction. Democratic commentators have criticized the reluctance of some Republicans to distance themselves from the proponents of the conspiracy theories, suggesting that "Republican officials are reluctant to denounce the birthers for fear of alienating an energetic part of their party's base". NBC News' "First Read" team commented: "the real story in all of this is that Republican Party has a HUGE problem with its base right now."
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele released a statement through his spokesperson saying, "Chairman Steele believes that this is an unnecessary distraction and believes that the president is a U.S. citizen".
Conservative Joel Pollak, writing for "The American Thinker", has stated that the reason the "Birther theory" has caught on particularly among conservatives, is the weakness of the Republican opposition, stating:
Political analyst Marc Ambinder of "The Atlantic" and "CBS News" suggests this phenomenon goes to the heart of the dilemma now facing the Republican Party, positing that
Political analyst Andrew Sullivan, writing in "The Sunday Times", stated 
Opinion surveys.
In October 2008, the "Orange County Register"'s OC Political Pulse poll found that a third of responding Republicans believed that Obama had been born outside the United States.
As a result of the widespread publicity given to the citizenship controversy, 60% of respondents in an Ohio State University survey carried out in November 2008 had heard of the issue. However, only 10% believed the claims that Obama was not a citizen.
An opinion poll carried out for Daily Kos by Research 2000 in July 2009 found that 77% of Americans believed that Obama was born in the U.S., while 11% didn't, and 12% were unsure. However, Republicans and Southerners were far more likely than other political or demographic groups to doubt that Obama was born in the United States. 58% of Republicans either believed that Obama was not born in the U.S. (28%) or were not sure (30%), with 42% believing that he was. An overwhelming majority of Democrats (93%) and independents (83%) believed that he was born in the U.S. Support for the belief that Obama was born outside the U.S. was strongest in the South, where only 47% of those polled believed he was born in the U.S., compared with an average of 90% of residents of the Northeast, Midwest and West. A marked racial disparity in the South was also apparent.
"The Politico"'s congressional reporter, Glenn Thrush, commented that the Research 2000 poll "explains why Republicans, including Roy Blunt, are playing footsie with the Birther fringe." Writing on "National Journal's" Pollster.com blog, Brendan Nyhan observed that the poll "suggests that the encouragement of the birth certificate myth by conservative pundits and Republican politicians has begun to activate the GOP base on this issue."
A Public Policy Polling survey carried out in August 2009 found that 32% of Republicans in Virginia thought that Obama was born in the U.S., 41% thought he was foreign-born and the remaining 27% were unsure.
In Utah, an August 2009 poll carried out for the "Deseret News" and KSL-TV found that 67% of Utahns accepted the evidence that Obama was born in the U.S. The poll found that those who do not believe that Obama was born in the United States, or do not know, are predominantly middle-aged, lower-income Republican-leaning individuals without a college education.
A Pew Research Center poll found that 80% of Americans had heard about the Obama citizenship claims by August 2009. The poll found a significant partisan divide in views of the news coverage, with 58% of Democrats saying that the allegations had received too much attention from the media. Republicans were more inclined to say that the allegations had received too little attention, with 39% expressing this view against only 26% saying that the controversy had received too much attention.
In a Harris Poll online survey of 2,320 adults conducted in March 2010, 25% of the respondents said they believed that Obama was "not born in the United States and so is not eligible to be president." In a July 2010 CNN poll of adult Americans, 16% said they had doubts that Obama was born in the United States, and a further 11% were certain that he was not.
A Gallup telephone poll of 1018 adults conducted in May 2011 found that 5% of respondents believed that Obama was "definitely born in another country" and 8% believed he was "probably born in another country", versus 47% believing he was "definitely" and 18% "probably" born in the US. Broken down by political affiliation, the same poll found that 23% of self-identified Republicans, 14% of independents, and 5% of Democrats thought Obama was definitely or probably born in another country.
Dilemma for Republicans.
Because a significant portion of Republican voters and/or their Tea Party supporters believe Obama is not eligible to hold public office (see Opinion surveys section), Republicans sometimes found themselves caught in a dilemma between losing support or damaging their credibility. They had "to walk the fine line of humoring conspiracy-minded supporters without explicitly questioning Obama's legitimacy..." Other Republicans, including former Minnesota governor Tim Pawlenty and former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum, however, have plainly rejected these claims.
An example of these situations is Mike Castle, then Representative for Delaware, who ran in 2010 for the Senate seat vacated by Vice President Joe Biden. At a town hall meeting, Castle was confronted by constituents who jeered him for insisting that Obama is a citizen of the United States. Castle, one of the leading Republican moderates in the House, was later defeated by Tea Party-backed Christine O'Donnell in the Republican primary, who herself later lost the general election to Democratic nominee Chris Coons.
Commentary and criticism.
Democrat Philip Berg's lawsuit allegations that Obama had lost his U.S. citizenship while living in Indonesia, were criticized by "WND" in August 2008 as not supported by U.S. citizenship law. At that time, "WND" also reported being told by forgery experts that "many of the forgery claims made against the image were inconclusive or falsified, leaving them no evidence that would cast doubt on the image's authenticity." However, by December 20, WND publisher Joseph Farah said the authenticity of the birth certificate image was under serious question. Following criticism from the media, Farah defended his apparent reversal saying "WND"s August 2008 report had been based on the best information available at the time, and the real issue was not the "veracity of the image", rather it was that information was missing such as the location of the birth and the name of the delivery physician.
Proponents of claims doubting Obama's eligibility have been dubbed "birthers" by their critics, who have drawn a parallel with 9/11 conspiracy theorists or "truthers". Leslie Savan of "The Nation" has compared the so-called "birthers" to other groups as well, including those who deny the moon landing, the Holocaust or global warming; "Teabaggers who refuse to believe they must pay taxes" and creationists who believe the earth is 6,000 years old. MSNBC political commentator Rachel Maddow has defined a "birther" as: Conservative columnist Michelle Malkin has said trutherism exists on both the left and the right, and has described its persistence: "The plain truth will never mollify a Truther. There’s always a convoluted excuse – some inconsequential discrepancy to seize on, some photographic "evidence" to magnify into a blur of meaningless pixels – that will rationalize irrationality".
A number of conservative commentators including Malkin have criticized its proponents and their effect on the wider conservative movement. In late 2008, Malkin said a "dangerously large segment" of "birth certificate hunters" had "lurched into rabid Truther territory". She also opined there may be a "seed of a legitimate constitutional issue" related to enforcing the citizenship requirement for presidential candidates. Talk show host Michael Medved, has also been critical, calling them "the worst enemy of the conservative movement" for making other conservatives "look sick, troubled and not suitable for civilized company." Conservative columnist Ann Coulter has referred to them as "just a few cranks."
An editorial in the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" dismissed the claims about Obama's eligibility as proposing "a vast conspiracy involving Obama's parents, state officials, the news media, the Secret Service, think-tanks and a host of yet-to-be-uncovered others who have connived since Obama's birth to build a false record so that he could eventually seek the presidency 47 years later." The "St. Petersburg Times"' fact-checking website, PolitiFact.com, concluded its series of article on the birth certificate issue by saying:
In November 2008, commentator and social critic Camille Paglia criticized the "blathering, fanatical overkill" of the topic, but also questioned Obama's response: "Obama could have ended the entire matter months ago by publicly requesting Hawaii to issue a fresh, long-form, stamped certificate and inviting a few high-profile reporters in to examine the document and photograph it", she said. A parenthetical in the same article noted that "(The campaign did make the "short-form" certificate available to Factcheck.org)".
Factcheck.org noted, "The Hawaii Department of Health's birth record request form does not give the option to request a photocopy of your long-form birth certificate, but their short form has enough information to be acceptable to the State Department."
Writing in December 2008, Alex Koppelman discussed the validity of the common argument – that Obama should release a copy of his full, original certificate and the rumors and doubts would disappear. Conspiracy theory experts told Koppelman that when committed conspiracists are presented with more data debunking their theory, they refuse to accept the new evidence. "Whatever can't be ignored can be twisted to fit into the narrative; every new disclosure of something that should, by rights, end the controversy only opens up new questions, identifies new plotters", he wrote. Because Obama's release of the short-form had only "stoked the fever of conspiracy mongers", Koppleman predicted that releasing the long-form certificate "would almost certainly" continue the rumor cycle.
In response to the notion that Obama's grandparents might have planted a birth announcement in newspapers just so their grandson could some day be president, FactCheck suggested that "those who choose to go down that path should first equip themselves with a high-quality tinfoil hat." Brooks Jackson, the director of FactCheck, comments that "it all reflects a surge of paranoid distress among people who don't like Barack Obama" and who want the election results to go away. Chip Berlet, a journalist who has studied the spread of conspiracy theories, notes 
American political writer Dana Milbank, writing for the "Washington Post", described the Obama citizenship theories of Bob Schulz (chairman of the We the People Foundation, which in 2008 publicly challenged Obama's citizenship) as "tales from the tinfoil-hat brigade". Colorado presidential elector Camilla Auger, responding to lobbying of members of the Electoral College, commented: "I was concerned that there are that many nutty people in the country making depressing, absurd allegations."
Some commentators have asserted that racism is a factor motivating the promotion of Obama citizenship conspiracy theories. J. Richard Cohen, the President of the Southern Poverty Law Center, an organization that monitors hate groups and extremism, wrote an e-mail to supporters in July 2009 declaring: "This conspiracy theory was concocted by an anti-Semite and circulated by racist extremists who cannot accept the fact that a black man has been elected president." An academic psychologist commented that a study published in the "Journal of Experimental Social Psychology" supported a conclusion that racism has played a role. Donald Trump's questioning how Obama gained admission to two Ivy-League institutions, as well as his comment, "I have a great relationship with the blacks," led David Remnick, David Letterman, and Bill Maher, among others, to accuse Trump of racism, and an increased attention on race with respect to Obama. In April 2011, Marilyn Davenport, a Tea Party activist and member of the executive committee of the Republican Party's local Orange County, California, organization, created a nationwide controversy when she circulated a photograph by email, widely seen as racist, that had been edited to depict Barack Obama as the child of two chimpanzees, and to which she had added the caption, "Now you know why no birth certificate". The party chapter censured her and asked her to resign, but she refused. Following the release of Obama's long form certificate later that month, "The New York Times" remarked in an editorial that, "It is inconceivable that this campaign to portray Mr. Obama as the insidious 'other' would have been conducted against a white president."
Legislation and litigation.
The controversy over Obama's citizenship and eligibility for the presidency has prompted a number of Republican state and federal legislators to propose legislation aimed at requiring future presidential candidates to release copies of their birth certificates. Some legislators also lent their support to birth certificate-related litigation against Obama, joining as co-plaintiffs.
Although Obama was confirmed as president-elect by Congress on January 8, 2009, and sworn in as President on January 20, litigation continued into his presidency. Numerous individuals and groups have filed state or federal lawsuits seeking to have Obama disqualified from standing or being confirmed for the Presidency, or to compel him to release additional documentation relating to his citizenship. By mid-December 2008, at least 17 lawsuits had been filed challenging Obama's eligibility in states including North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Hawaii, Connecticut, New Jersey, Texas and Washington. No such suit has resulted in the grant of any relief to the plaintiffs by any court; all of the cases have been rejected in lower courts. Three post-election suits were dismissed by the Supreme Court of the United States.
In April 2011, the Arizona legislature became the first to pass a bill "requiring President Obama and other presidential candidates to prove their U.S. citizenship before their names can appear on the state's ballot". The bill, HB 2177, was vetoed by Governor Jan Brewer on April 18.
Obama is not the first President to be the subject of controversy surrounding the location of his birth. Andrew Jackson was the subject of similar claims, although it is not certain that they were raised during his presidency. Some said that Chester A. Arthur was born outside the United States, with his birth records later allegedly falsified to show he was born in Vermont.
Impact on the 2012 Presidential election.
In May 2012, the Arizona Secretary of State, Ken Bennett, asked Hawaii to verify Obama's Hawaiian birth to ensure his eligibility to appear on the November ballot. After Bennett proved that he needed the information as part of the regular course of official business, Hawaii officially confirmed that the information in the copy of the Certificate of Live Birth for the President matches the original record in their files. Later the same month, the Mississippi state Democratic Party requested Hawaii to verify that the long-form image on the White House website matched the copy on file and they were provided with a certified verification, bearing the state seal and signed by state registrar Alvin T. Onaka, who had certified both released birth certificates.
In September 2012, the State Objections Board of Kansas, composed of "three of the state's top elected Republicans", delayed acting on a petition to remove Barack Obama's name from the ballot, requesting information from Hawaii regarding his birth certificate; but later voted unanimously to accept Obama's citizenship and retain him on the state's ballot, despite objections from the floor by Orly Taitz.
In December 2012, 3 out of the 11 electors from Arizona who cast their votes for Mitt Romney, raised doubts about Barack Obama's birthplace. One of those electors was the chair of the Republican Party of Arizona, Tom Morrissey. Morrissey later insisted that he is not a birther, but stated that "In opinion, what [he has seen from the president, produced as a birth certificate, does not convince that it is a real document." Arizona Governor Jan Brewer did not agree with the electors who expressed support for the conspiracy theories.
White House responses.
A common claim among those arguing that President Obama was not born in Hawaii is that all doubt would be settled if Obama released his "long form" birth certificate. However, commentators noted that doing so would be disadvantageous to Obama. First, it would encourage speculation as to why it took so long to release the document. Second, caving in to his political adversaries' demands would embolden them by giving them a victory. Finally, it would open the door to demands for other personal records unrelated to his birth certificate. Despite these concerns, both Obama and his press secretary have responded to reporters' questions about the issue.
Press secretary's response.
At the end of the May 27, 2009, press briefing, "WorldNetDaily" reporter Lester Kinsolving asked about Obama's birth certificate. White House press secretary Robert Gibbs replied, "It's on the Internet", to which Kinsolving responded "No, no, no – the long form listing his hospital and physician." Gibbs responded as follows:
At a July 27, 2009, press briefing, radio talk show host Bill Press asked Gibbs if there was anything he could say to make the issue go away. Gibbs answered, "No. I mean, the God's honest truth is no," because "nothing will assuage" those who continue to pursue what he called "made-up, fictional nonsense" despite the evidence that Obama had already provided.
On August 6, 2009, Gibbs commented, "You couldn't sell this script in Hollywood," and summarized the contentions that he considered "totally crazy":
Barack Obama's response.
At the February 2010 National Prayer Breakfast, Obama commented, "Surely you can question my policies without questioning my faith. Or for that matter my citizenship." He directly addressed the issue in August 2010, in an interview with Brian Williams. Williams asked Obama about the fact that a fifth of the American people do not believe that he is either American born or a Christian. Obama responded that "there is a mechanism, a network of misinformation that in a new media era can get churned out there constantly". He then added "I can't spend all my time with my birth certificate plastered on my forehead."
On a few occasions, Obama has joked about the conspiracy theories surrounding his birth certificate and citizenship. At the 2010 White House Correspondents' Dinner, Obama said there are few things in life harder to find and more important to keep than love, and then added, "Well, love and a birth certificate." At the 2011 Gridiron Dinner, Obama referred to Bruce Springsteen's song, "Born in the U.S.A.", and commented, "Some things just bear repeating." On March 17, 2011 (Saint Patrick's Day), Obama said, "Now, speaking of ancestry, there has been some controversy about my own background. Two years into my presidency, some are still bent on peddling rumors about my origins. So today, I want to put all those rumors to rest. It is true my great-great-great-grandfather really was from Ireland. It’s true. Moneygall, to be precise. I can’t believe I have to keep pointing this out." On January 17, 2012, during a televised tribute to actress Betty White on her 90th birthday, Obama taped a segment in which he wrote White a letter saying that, given her appearance and vitality, he not only couldn't believe she was 90, he "didn't" believe her, and requested to see her birth certificate.
In an April 2011 interview with George Stephanopoulos, Obama said, "I think that over the last two and a half years there's been an effort to go at me in a way that is politically expedient in the short-term for Republicans, but creates, I think a problem for them when they want to actually run in a general election where most people feel pretty confident the President was born where he says he was, in Hawaii. He doesn't have horns. We may disagree with him on some issues and we may wish that you know, the unemployment rate was coming down faster and we want him to know his plan on gas prices. But we're not really worrying about conspiracy theories or ... birth certificates. And so ... I think it presents a problem for them."
On April 27, 2011, referring to "sideshows and carnival barkers", Obama appeared in the White House press room an hour after the release of the long form and said, "I know there is going to be a segment of people for which no matter what we put out this issue will not be put to rest. But I am speaking to the vast majority of the American people, as well as to the press. We do not have time for this kind of silliness. We’ve got better stuff to do."
Later in 2011, Obama's re-election campaign offered for sale mugs with a picture of Obama (captioned "Made in the USA") and the image of the birth certificate. The campaign states, "There's really no way to make the conspiracy about President Obama's birth certificate completely go away, so we might as well laugh at it – and make sure as many people as possible are in on the joke."

</doc>
<doc id="20617637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617637" title="Bulaqlı">
Bulaqlı

Bulaqlı is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,183.

</doc>
<doc id="20617644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617644" title="Osmanlı, Azerbaijan">
Osmanlı, Azerbaijan

Osmanlı is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 998.

</doc>
<doc id="20617647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617647" title="Çiçəkli">
Çiçəkli

Çiçəkli is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,424.

</doc>
<doc id="20617658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617658" title="Cəngan, Sabirabad">
Cəngan, Sabirabad

Cəngan is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,853.

</doc>
<doc id="20617664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617664" title="Ahmed Mohammed (Yemeni politician)">
Ahmed Mohammed (Yemeni politician)

Ahmed Mohamed (born 1960) is a Yemeni politician.
He studied at Sanaa University in 1985. In the Parliament of Yemen he has served as Secretary of Planning and Financial and Economic affairs, Secretary of the Cultural and Services, Secretary of the Standing Committee of the People's Constituent Assembly and Director General of the Department of Public Affairs Committees from 1990 to 1996.
He also participated in and supervised the preparation of the legal documentation for successive parliaments during the period 1988 to 1996.
He was the Chairman of the Committee of the Supreme Council for the first elections of deputies in the Republic of Yemen (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="20617666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617666" title="Axtaçı Muğan">
Axtaçı Muğan

Axtaçı Muğan is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,914.

</doc>
<doc id="20617671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617671" title="Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Technology Initiative">
Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Technology Initiative

The European Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Technology Initiative is a public-private venture to "deliver 'fit-for-use' hydrogen energy and fuel cell technologies developed to the point of commercial take-off".
The Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Technology Initiative is a component of the Joint Technology Initiatives of the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Commission.
History.
In May 2003, a European Commission High Level Group presented a report on "Hydrogen Energy and Fuel Cells — a vision of our future" that recommended the formation of a technology partnership between the Commission and private enterprise for the development of hydrogen and fuel cell technologies. The report also recommended the establishment of a pilot programme, with European Commission funding, to make hydrogen and fuel cell technologies commercially viable.
In November of the same year, the EC adopted its "European Initiative for Growth" program that established a Hydrogen economy quick-start project with a budget of 2.8 billion Euros for the decade 2004 through 2015. The initiative allowed for possible funding from structural funds and from the EC's 'Research, Technological development and Demonstration Framework Programmes'. The initiative placed an emphasis on long-term research and cooperation with advisory boards.
In December 2003, the Commission facilitated the establishment of a 'European Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technology Platform' that sought to bring together interested partners in a joint venture that would further what the High Level Group had envisioned seven months earlier.
In March 2005, the 'European Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technology Platform' adopted a research agenda for accelerating the development and market introduction of fuel cell and hydrogen technologies within the European Community. This agenda called for funding by the EC and organisations from the public- and private sectors. 
On 19 December 2006, the agenda of the Technology Platform were adopted by the Council Decision 2006/975/EC within the EC's Seventh Framework Programme. The prospect of further financing from the European Investment Bank (in particular through its Risk-Sharing Finance Facility) had been established in an earlier decision (2006/971/EC). 
In March 2007 the European Council concluded that the Union's member states had an interest in taking a lead position in renewable energy programs. On 10 October 2007, the European Commission adopted two proposals to further the development and marketing of clean and safe hydrogen vehicles. One proposal was to simplify the regulatory procedures for hydrogen-powered vehicles. The other proposal was the establishment up of the 'Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Technology Initiative' as called for by the Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technology Platform.
The Commission's second proposal was duly considered by the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers, and on 30 May 2008 the Council passed regulation number 521/2008 setting up the "Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Undertaking" that will run until 31 December 2017. Article 2 of the regulation stipulated a contribution to the implementation of the Seventh Framework Programme, in particular to its energy-, nanotechnologies-, environment-, and transport-specific programmes. The "Joint Technology Initiative on Fuel Cells and Hydrogen" would accordingly receive appropriations in the general budget of the European Union allocated to those programmes. Article 5 established a maximum community contribution cap of € 470 million. The objectives of the fuel cell initiative were to be pursued by pooling resources from the public and private sectors.
The 'Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Technology Initiative' was launched on 14 October 2008 during the General Assembly of Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Stakeholders. A press release from the European Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technology Platform reiterates an estimate "that the activities of the JTI will reduce time to market for hydrogen and fuel cell technologies by between 2 and 5 years."
Membership and structure.
The public-private joint initiative operates under the auspices of the DG Research of the European Commission, representing the European Communities, and industry. 
Governance of the 'Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Technology Initiative' (FCH JTI) lies with the 'Fuel Cells and Hydrogen Joint Undertaking'. Members of that body are the European Community and the 'JTI Industry Grouping', with the latter being "a not-for-profit organisation which brings the sector's industrial key players and which is open to any private legal entity sharing the objectives of the FCH JTI."
As of December 2008, the chairman of the governing board is Gijs van Breda Vriesman of Shell Hydrogen.
The next program will be Horizon 2020, the new framework for Research and Development for the period 2014-2020.
Publications.
The Hydrogen and Fuel Cell Technology Platform publishes a quarterly newsletter, back-issues of which used to be available online.

</doc>
<doc id="20617672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617672" title="Nərimankənd, Sabirabad">
Nərimankənd, Sabirabad

Nərimankənd is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,330.

</doc>
<doc id="20617674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617674" title="David McNab">
David McNab

David McNab (born 1958 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is the Assistant General Manager of the Anaheim Ducks of the NHL and was previously a scout for the Hartford Whalers, Washington Capitals, and New York Rangers. His brother Peter played in the NHL, while his father Max was the general manager of the New Jersey Devils and Washington Capitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20617690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617690" title="Super grid">
Super grid

A super grid is a wide area transmission network that makes it possible to trade high volumes of electricity across great distances. It is sometimes also referred to as a "mega grid".
History.
The idea of creating long distance transmission lines in order to take advantage of renewable sources distantly located is not new. In the US in the 1950s, a proposal was made to ship hydroelectric power from dams being constructed in the Pacific Northwest to consumers in Southern California, but it was opposed and scrapped. In 1961, U.S. president John F. Kennedy authorized a large public works project using new HVDC technology from Sweden. The project was undertaken as a close collaboration between General Electric of the U.S. and ASEA of Sweden, and the system was commissioned in 1970. With several upgrades of the converter stations in the intervening decades, the system now has a capacity of 3100 MW and is known as the Pacific DC Intertie.
The concept of a "Super grid" dates back to the 1960s and was used to describe the emerging unification of the Great Britain grid.
In the code that governs the British Grid, the Grid Code, the Supergrid is currently defined - and has been since this code was first written, in 1990 - as referring to those parts of the British electricity transmission system that are connected at voltages in excess of 200 kV (200,000 volts). British power system planners and operational staff therefore invariably speak of the Supergrid in this context; in practice the definition used, captures all of the equipment owned by the National Grid company in England and Wales, and no other equipment.
What has changed during the past 40 years is the scale of energy and distances that are imagined possible in a super grid. Europe began unifying its grids since the 1950s and its largest unified grid is the synchronous grid of Continental Europe serving 24 countries. Serious work is being conducted on unification of the European UCTE grid with the neighboring IPS/UPS grid. If completed, this massive grid would span 13 time zones stretching from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
While such grids cover great distances, the capacity to transmit large volumes of electricity remains limited due to congestion and control issues. The SuperSmart Grid (Europe) and the Unified Smart Grid (US) specify major technological upgrades that proponents claim are necessary to assure the practical operation and promised benefits of such transcontinental mega grids.
Concept.
In current usage, "super grid" has two senses – one of being a superstructure layer overlaid or super-imposed upon existing regional transmission grid or grids, and the second of having some set of superior abilities exceeding those of even the most advanced grids.
Mega grid.
In the "overlay", or "superstructure" meaning, a super grid is a very long distance equivalent of a wide area synchronous network capable of large-scale transmission of renewable electricity. In some conceptions, a transmission grid of HVDC transmission lines forms a layer that is distinctly separate in the way that a superhighway system is separate from the system of city streets and regional highways. In more conventional conceptions such as the proposed unification of the European UCTE and IPS/UPS system of the CIS, such a mega grid is no different from typical wide area synchronous transmission systems where electricity takes an ad-hoc transit route directly through local utility transmission lines or HVDC lines as required.
Studies for such continental sized systems report there are scaling problems as a result of network complexity, transmission congestion, and the need for rapid diagnostic, coordination and control systems. Such studies observe that transmission capacity would need to be significantly higher than current transmission systems in order to promote unimpeded energy trading across distances unbounded by state, regional or national, or even continental borders.
As a practical matter, it has become necessary to incorporate smart grid features such as wide area sensor networks (WAMS) into even modest sized regional grids in order to avert major power outages such as the Northeast Blackout of 2003. Dynamic interactions between power generation groups are increasingly complex, and transient disturbances that cascade across neighboring utilities can be sudden, large and violent, accompanied by abrupt changes in the network topology as operators attempt to manually stabilize the network.
Superior grid.
In the second sense of an advanced grid, the super grid is superior not only because it is a wide area mega grid, but also because it is highly coordinated from a macro level spanning nations and continents, all the way down to the micro level scheduling low priority loads like water heaters and refrigeration. In the European SuperSmart Grid proposal and the US Unified Smart Grid concept, such super grids have intelligence features in the wide area transmission layer which integrate the local smart grids into a single wide area super grid. This is similar to how the internet bound together small networks into a single ubiquitous network.
Wide area transmission can be viewed as a horizontal extension of the smart grid. In a paradigm shift, the distinction between transmission and distribution blurs with the integration as energy flow becomes bidirectional. For example, distribution grids in rural areas might generate more energy than they use, turning the local smart grid into a virtual power plant, or a city's fleet of one million electric vehicles could be used to trim peaks in transmission supply by integrating them to the smart grid using vehicle to grid technology.
One advantage of such a geographically dispersed and dynamically balanced system is that the need for baseload generation is significantly reduced since intermittency of some sources such as ocean, solar, and wind can be smoothed.
A series of detailed modeling studies by Dr. Gregor Czisch, which looked at the European-wide adoption of renewable energy and interlinking power grids using HVDC cables, indicates that Europe's entire power usage could come from renewables, with 70% total energy from wind at the same level of cost or lower as at present.
To some critics, such a wide area transmission layer is not novel; they point out that the technology has little difference from that used for regional and national power transmission networks. Proponents respond that beyond the qualitative smart grid features that allow instantaneous coordination and balancing of intermittent power sources across international boundaries, the quantitative comprehensiveness has a quality all its own. The claim is made that super grids open up markets.
In the same way that freeways revolutionized interstate transport and the internet revolutionized online commerce when comprehensive high capacity networks were built, it is argued that a high capacity super grid must be built in order to provide a distribution network so comprehensive and with such available capacity that energy trading is only limited by how much electricity entrepreneurs can bring to market.
Technology.
Wide area super grids plans typically call for bulk transmission using high voltage direct current lines. Europe's SuperSmart Grid proposal relies on HVDC, and in the US, key decision makers such as Steven Chu favor a national long distance DC grid system.
There are industry advocates of HVAC. Although FACTS alternating current have drawbacks for long distances, American Electric Power has championed a 765 kV super grid they call I-765 that would provide 400 GW of extra transmission capacity required for producing 20% of US energy from wind farms based in the midwest. (See figure above). Advocates of HVAC point out that HVDC systems are oriented for point to point bulk transmission and multiple connections to them would require expensive complex communication and control equipment as opposed to the simple step up transformers needed if AC lines were used. Currently, there is only one multipoint long distance HVDC transmission system.
In the more distant future the voltage loss of current methods could be avoided using experimental superconducting "SuperGrid" technology where the transmission cable is cooled by a liquid hydrogen pipeline which is also used to move energy nationwide. The energy losses for creating, containing, and re-cooling liquid hydrogen need to be accounted for.
Coordination and control of the network would use smart grid technologies such as phasor measurement units to rapidly detect imbalances in the network caused by fluctuating renewable energy sources and potentially respond instantaneously with programmed automatic protection schemes to reroute, reduce load, or reduce generation in response to network disturbances.
Government policy.
Significant scale.
One study for a European super grid estimates that as much as 750 GW of extra transmission capacity would be required – capacity that would be accommodated in increments of 5 GW with HVDC lines.
A recent proposal by Transcanada priced a 1,600-km, 3-GW HVDC line at $3 billion USD; it would require a corridor 60 meters wide.
In India, a recent 6 GW, 1,850-km proposal was priced at $790 million and would require a 69 meter wide right of way.
With 750 GW of new HVDC transmission capacity required for a European super grid, the land and money needed for new transmission lines would be considerable.
Energy independence.
In Europe, the energy security implication of a super grid has been discussed as a way in part to prevent Russian energy hegemony.
In the US, advocates such as T. Boone Pickens have promoted the idea of a national transmission grid in order to promote United States energy independence. Al Gore advocates the Unified Smart Grid which has comprehensive super grid capabilities. Gore and other advocates such as James E. Hansen believe super grids are essential for the eventual complete replacement of the greenhouse gas producing fossil fuel use that feeds global warming.
Permits for corridors.
Large amounts of land would be required for the electricity transmission corridors used by the new transmission lines of a super grid. There can be significant opposition to the siting of power lines out of concerns about visual impact, anxiety over perceived health issues, and environmental concerns. The US has a process of designating National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors, and it is likely that this process would be used to specify the pathways for a super grid in that country. In the EU, permits for new overhead lines can easily reach 10 years.
In some cases, this has made underground cable more expedient. Since land required can be one fifth than that for overhead and the permit process can be significantly faster, underground cable can be more attractive despite its weaknesses of being more expensive, lower capacity, shorter lived, and suffers significantly longer downtimes.
Business interests.
Siting.
Just as superhighways change valuations of land due to the proximity to the ability to transport valuable commodities, businesses are strongly motivated to influence the siting of a super grid to their benefit. The cost of alternative power is the delivered price of electricity, and if production of electricity from North Dakota wind or Arizona solar is to be competitive, the distance of the connection from the wind farm to the interstate transmission grid must not be great. This is because the feeder line from the generator to the transmission lines is usually paid for by the owner of the generation. Some localities will help pay for the cost of these lines, at the cost of local regulation such as that of a public utilities commission. T. Boone Pickens' project has chosen to pay for the feeder lines privately. Some localities, such as Texas give such projects the power of eminent domain which allows companies to seize land in the path of the planned construction.
Technology preferences.
Energy producers are interested in whether the super grid employs HVDC technology, or uses AC, because the cost of connection to an HVDC line is generally greater than that if the AC is used. The Pickens plan favors 765 kV AC transmission, which is considered to be less efficient for long distance transmission.
Competition.
In the 1960s, private California power companies opposed the Pacific Intertie project with a set of technical objections that were overruled. When the project was completed, consumers in Los Angeles saved approximately U.S. $600,000 per day by use of electric power from projects on the Columbia River rather than local power companies burning more expensive fossil fuel.

</doc>
<doc id="20617707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617707" title="2002 NECBL season">
2002 NECBL season

The 2002 NECBL season was the ninth season in the history of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league expanded to twelve franchises with the addition of the North Adams SteepleCats of North Adams, Massachusetts and the Sanford Mainers of Sanford, Maine, the league's first franchise in the New England state of Maine. Also, the league's Willimantic, Connecticut franchise changed its named from the Eastern Tides to the Thread City Tides Tides.
In the quarterfinal playoff rounds, Danbury defeated Middletown 2-0, Newport defeated North Adams 2-1, Keene defeated Torrington 2-1, and Mill City defeated Concord 2-1. In the semifinal rounds, Newport defeated Danbury 2-0, and Keene defeated Lowell 2-1, setting up a championship series between the Newport Gulls and the Keene Swamp Bats. In game 1, Newport defeated Keene 8-4, and in game 2, Newport defeated Keene 3-2 to win the NECBL championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20617709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617709" title="Linden (Port Tobacco, Maryland)">
Linden (Port Tobacco, Maryland)

Linden is a historic home located near Port Tobacco, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a rambling frame house, consisting of a -story main block with wings, embodying many traditional characteristics of Tidewater architecture. The house is situated on the crest of a hill overlooking the Port Tobacco Valley. The home was begun early in the 1780s and enlarged about 1800, and in the late 1830s. Linden was probably built as a summer residence about 1783, by Henry Barnes, a wealthy Port Tobacco merchant and on a property that remained in the same family for over 300 years. 
Linden was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20617726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617726" title="BAY 73-6691">
BAY 73-6691

BAY 73-6691 is a drug developed by Bayer for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It was the first compound developed that acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor selective for the PDE9A subtype. The PDE9A enzyme is expressed primarily in the brain, with high concentrations in the cerebellum, neocortex, striatum, and hippocampus, and acts to limit the cGMP-mediated signal transduction which occurs following glutamate binding to NMDA receptors. Consequently selective PDE9A inhibitors were predicted to prolong intracellular responses to glutamate and enhance glutamate signalling, and since this process is known to be involved in learning and memory, PDE9A inhibitors should have a nootropic effect and may be useful in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
Animal studies have confirmed these expectations, and BAY 73-6691 has been shown to improve learning and memory in rats. As the first selective PDE9A inhibitor to be developed, it is also widely used in research into the function of this enzyme subtype. However pre-clinical research is at an early stage and it is not yet known whether BAY 73-6691 will prove suitable to progress to human trials, or if it will remain merely a laboratory research tool.

</doc>
<doc id="20617737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617737" title="Stephan Marasek">
Stephan Marasek

Stephan Marasek (born 4 January 1970) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager who last managed SVG Reichenau.

</doc>
<doc id="20617747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617747" title="Deauville (disambiguation)">
Deauville (disambiguation)

Deauville is a commune in the Calvados "département" in the Basse-Normandie region of France.
Deauville may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20617798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617798" title="Quehanna Wild Area">
Quehanna Wild Area

Quehanna Wild Area is a wildlife area within parts of Cameron, Clearfield, and Elk counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania; with a total area of , it covers parts of Elk and Moshannon State Forests. Founded in the 1950s as a nuclear research center, Quehanna has a conflicting legacy of radioactive and toxic waste contamination, while also being the largest state forest wild area in Pennsylvania, with herds of native elk. The wild area is bisected by Pennsylvania Route 1011, the Quehanna Highway, and is home to second growth forest with mixed hardwoods and evergreens. Quehanna has two state forest natural areas: the Wykoff Run Natural Area, and the Marion Brooks Natural Area. The latter has the largest stand of white birch in Pennsylvania and the eastern United States.
The land that became Quehanna Wild Area was home to Native Americans, including the Susquehannock and Iroquois, before it was purchased by the United States in 1784. Settlers soon moved into the region and, in the 19th and early 20th centuries, the logging industry cut the virgin forests; clearcutting and forest fires transformed the once verdant land into the "Pennsylvania Desert". Pennsylvania bought this land for its state forests and in the 1930s the Civilian Conservation Corps worked to improve them. In 1955 the Curtiss-Wright Corporation bought of state forest for a research and manufacturing facility to focus on developing nuclear-powered jet engines. They named their facility Quehanna for the nearby West Branch Susquehanna River, itself named for the Susquehannocks.
Curtiss-Wright left in 1960, after which a succession of tenants further contaminated the nuclear reactor facility and its hot cells with radioactive isotopes, including strontium-90 and cobalt-60. The manufacture of radiation-treated hardwood flooring continued until 2002. Pennsylvania reacquired the land in 1963 and 1967, and in 1965 established Quehanna as a wild area, albeit one with a nuclear facility and industrial complex. The cleanup of the reactor and hot cells took over eight years and cost $30 million; the facility was demolished and its nuclear license terminated in 2009. Since 1992 the industrial complex has been home to Quehanna Motivational Boot Camp, a minimum-security prison. Quehanna Wild Area has many sites where radioactive and toxic waste was buried, some of which have been cleaned up while others were dug up by black bear and white-tailed deer.
In 1970 the name was officially changed to Quehanna Wild Area, and later that decade the Quehanna Trail System was built through the wild area and surrounding state forests. Primitive camping by hikers is allowed, but the area has no permanent residents. The trails are open to cross-country skiing in the winter, but closed to vehicles. Quehanna is on the Allegheny Plateau and was struck by a tornado in 1985. Defoliating insects have further damaged the forests. Quehanna Wild Area was named an Important Bird Area by the Pennsylvania Audubon Society, and is home to many species of birds and animals. Eco-tourists come to see the birds and elk, and hunters come for the elk, coyote, and other game.
History.
Native Americans.
The Iroquoian-speaking Susquehannocks were the earliest recorded inhabitants of the West Branch Susquehanna River basin, which includes Quehanna Wild Area. They were a matriarchal society that lived in stockaded villages of large long houses. The Susquehannocks' numbers were greatly reduced by disease and warfare with the Five Nations of the Iroquois, and by 1675 they had died out, moved away, or been assimilated into other tribes. After this, the Iroquois exercised nominal control of the lands of the West Branch Susquehanna River valley. They also lived in long houses, primarily in what is now New York, and had a strong confederacy which gave them power beyond their numbers. To fill the void left by the demise of the Susquehannocks, the Iroquois encouraged such displaced eastern tribes as the Shawnee and Lenape (or Delaware) to settle in the West Branch watershed.
The Seneca tribe of the Iroquois hunted in much of Pennsylvania and the Quehanna area. The Iroquois and other tribes used the Great Shamokin Path, the major native east–west path connecting the Susquehanna and Allegheny River basins, which passed south of what is now the wild area. The native village of Chinklacamoose (or Chingleclamouche) was on this path at the West Branch Susquehanna River, at what is now Clearfield to the southwest of Quehanna. The Sinnemahoning Path along Sinnemahoning Creek ran north of Quehanna; as the path with the gentlest grade, it may have been the route the first Paleo-Indians took entering this part of Pennsylvania from the west.
The French and Indian War (1754–1763) and the subsequent colonial expansion encouraged the migration of many Native Americans westward to the Ohio River basin. In October 1784, the United States acquired a large tract of land, including what is now Quehanna Wild Area, from the Iroquois in the Second Treaty of Fort Stanwix; this acquisition is known as the Last Purchase in Pennsylvania.
Although most of the Native Americans left this area of Pennsylvania, the state's Native American heritage can be found in many of its place names. The Susquehannocks were also known as the Susquehanna, from which the Susquehanna River and its West Branch obtained their names. In the 1950s the Curtiss-Wright Corporation coined the name "Quehanna" for its nuclear reservation, which it derived from the last three syllables of "Susquehanna", "in honor of the river that drained the entire region". Part of Quehanna Wild Area lies in the Moshannon State Forest, named for Moshannon Creek, which means "moose stream" or "elk stream" in the Lenape language. Sinnemahoning Creek's name means "stony salt lick" in Lenape.
Lumber era.
Prior to the arrival of William Penn and his Quaker colonists in 1682, forests covered up to 90 percent of what is now Pennsylvania: more than of eastern white pine, eastern hemlock, and a mix of hardwoods. Scull's 1770 map of the Province of Pennsylvania showed the colonists' ignorance of the land north of the West Branch Susquehanna River; Sinnemahoning Creek was missing and the region that includes Quehanna was labeled "Buffaloe Swamp". This began to change when the land was purchased from the Iroquois in 1784, and became part of Northumberland County. In 1795 it became part of Lycoming County; as the new county was divided into more townships, Quehanna became part of Chingleclamouche Township (named for the native village). Chingleclamouche Township was included in Clearfield County when it was established in 1804. Later it was divided between at least three counties and many townships, and no longer exists under that name.
The southern part of Quehanna Wild Area is now in parts of Covington, Girard, and Karthaus townships in Clearfield County; they were incorporated in 1817, 1832, and 1841. The northwest part of Quehanna is in Benezette Township in Elk County, established in 1843. The northeast part of Quehanna is in Cameron County (incorporated in 1860) in Gibson Township, which was formed in 1804 while part of Clearfield County.
The first European American settlers arrived in Chingleclamouche Township in about 1793, and the first sawmill in Clearfield County began operating in 1805. Settlers initially occupied land along the river and creeks, as these provided a means of transportation. Some settlers would harvest timber and float it downstream once a year to make money for items they could not produce themselves, but by 1820 the first full-time lumbering operations began in the region. The white pine was the most sought after tree, yielding spars for ships and timber for buildings. Hardwoods were also harvested, and eventually hemlocks were cut for their wood and their bark, which contained tannins used in tanning leather.
As lumber became an industry in Pennsylvania, the rivers and creeks were declared public highways by the Pennsylvania General Assembly. This permitted their use to float logs to sawmills and markets. Log booms were placed on the West Branch Susquehanna River to catch the floating timber; Lock Haven built a boom in 1849, and Williamsport's Susquehanna Boom opened in 1851. Businesses purchased vast tracts of land and built splash dams on the creeks; these dams controlled water in small streams that would otherwise be unable to carry logs and rafts. For example, in 1871 a single splash dam on the Bennett Branch of Sinnemahoning Creek could release enough water to produce a wave high on the main stem for two hours. Mosquito Creek, which drains much of the southern part of Quehanna Wild Area, had at least nine splash dams in its watershed. This was the predominant lumber transport system in the Quehanna region from 1865 to 1885 and after 1850, five different kinds of lumber rafts could be found on its streams and river.
Much of the timber was too remote to be transported via the streams, and logging railroads were the next development in the Quehanna lumber era. In or around 1880, these railroads allowed the clearcutting of the remaining forests. The Quehanna plateau was unusual in using standard gauge track for its logging railroads: most such railways were narrow gauge. The logging railroads used special geared steam locomotives, such as the Shay, Climax and Heisler. Nine companies operated logging railroads in what became Moshannon State Forest; the Goodyear Lumber Company was the largest and cut much of what became Quehanna Wild Area between 1902 and 1912. The Central Pennsylvania Lumber Company logged land in the northern part of the wild area between 1907 and 1911.
There were only two major roads on the Quehanna plateau in the 19th and early 20th centuries, both originally turnpikes. The Caledonia Pike ran east–west from Bellefonte to Smethport, and passed south of what became the wild area, while the Driftwood Pike ran from near Karthaus north to Driftwood on the Sinnemahoning, and passed through the wild area. Wagon trains and railroads brought supplies to the lumber camps in the woods; some wood hicks set up small farms on cleared land that also provided food. There were at least eight farms in Quehanna, though they were not very productive because of "poorly drained acid soil and a short growing season".
The lumber era in Quehanna did not last; the old-growth and second-growth forests were clearcut by the early 20th century. Fire had always been a hazard; the sparks from logging steam engines started many wildfires, and more wood may have been lost to fires than to logging in some areas. On the clearcut land nothing remained except the discarded, dried-out tree tops, which were very flammable; much of the land burned and was left barren. The soil was depleted of nutrients, fires baked the ground hard, and jungles of blueberries, blackberries, and mountain laurel covered the clearcut land, which became known as the "Pennsylvania Desert".
State forests.
As the timber was exhausted and the land burned, many companies simply abandoned their holdings. Conservationists such as Joseph Rothrock became concerned that the forests would not regrow without proper management. They called for a change in the philosophy of forest management and for the state to purchase land from the lumber companies. In 1895, Rothrock was appointed the first forestry commissioner in what became the Pennsylvania Department of Forests and Waters, the forerunner of today's Department of Conservation and Natural Resources (DCNR). In 1897, the Pennsylvania General Assembly passed legislation that authorized the purchase of "unseated lands for forest reservations" and the first of the Pennsylvania state forest lands were acquired the following year.
The state first bought land that became the Moshannon State Forest in 1898; the second purchase, and first in the Quehanna region, was in the Three Runs area, acquired for $1 an acre ($2.47 a hectare) in 1900. Three smaller state forests (Karthaus, Sinnemahoning, and Moshannon) were merged to form the present Moshannon State Forest; in 1997, the forest covered . The first purchase for the Elk State Forest was made in 1900 and, in 1997, it encompassed . Forty-six percent, or , of the total of Quehanna Wild Area lies in the Elk State Forest. The remainder lies in the Moshannon State Forest.
The state established a tree nursery in the Moshannon State Forest in 1911, which became the largest in Pennsylvania before it closed in 1980. In addition to planting millions of trees, in 1913 the state encouraged use of state forest lands by allowing permanent leases for camp sites; when the state stopped issuing new permits in 1970, 4,500 campsites had been leased. The Pennsylvania Game Commission began purchasing land for state game preserves in 1920, and, by 1941, State Game Lands 34, which is partly in Quehanna Wild Area, had been established. Despite these conservation efforts, major forest fires swept the Moshannon and Elk state forests in 1912, 1913, 1926, and 1930, and minor fires occurred in other years.
During the Great Depression, the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) established ten camps in Moshannon State Forest, and ten in Elk State Forest. The young men of the CCC planted trees, blazed new trails, built roads and bridges, and fought fires, which continued to be a problem. In 1938 a fast-moving fire in the Elk State Forest, north of Quehanna, killed eight firefighters. The CCC also built structures and established or improved many of the state parks, including Parker Dam and S. B. Elliott State Parks on the western Quehanna plateau. The United States' entry into the Second World War ended the CCC, and all its camps were closed by the summer of 1942. The Quehanna Trail System passes near or through the sites of several former CCC camps.
Other Depression-era public works projects shaped the area. The Works Progress Administration (WPA) had at least two camps for World War I veterans in the Quehanna area, and built the Karthaus emergency landing field for airmail planes, similar to those that became Mid-State Regional Airport and Cherry Springs Airport. The airfield was built in 1935 and 1936 along Hoover Road (the old Driftwood Pike), just north of what is now Wykoff Run Natural Area. During World War II the landing strip was blocked to prevent enemy planes from secretly landing there.
In 1946 the Mosquito Creek Sportsmen's Association was founded to promote conservation in the region. One of the Association's initial concerns was the acidification of streams, which they originally attributed to tannic acid from the trees used by the beavers to construct their dams. With the assistance of Pennsylvania's Department of Forests and Waters, Game Commission, and Fish and Boat Commission, they dynamited 79 dams. Afterward, they discovered the water was acidic upstream of the dams too, and eventually realized that the problem was caused by acid rain, not the beavers. The Association has operated several stations to reduce the acidity of Mosquito Creek and its tributaries, with technical assistance from the Pennsylvania State University (Penn State).
Atoms for Peace.
In a December 8, 1953, speech to the United Nations, President Dwight D. Eisenhower announced a new Atoms for Peace policy, and the United States Congress enacted his program into law the following year. Atoms for Peace "made funding accessible to anyone who had the imagination, if not the ability, to harness the atom's power for peaceful purposes". Under the new program, the airplane manufacturer Curtiss-Wright Corporation sought a large isolated area in central Pennsylvania "for the development of nuclear-powered jet engines and to conduct research in nucleonics, metallurgy, ultrasonics, electronics, chemicals and plastics". Curtiss-Wright worked closely with the state and, in June 1955, George M. Leader, the Governor of Pennsylvania, signed legislation that authorized the construction of a research facility at Quehanna. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania sold Curtiss-Wright for $181,250 ($22.50 an acre, $55.60 a hectare), and gave the company a 99-year lease on the remaining at $30,000 a year. Curtiss-Wright controlled in a regular 16-sided polygon, which was easier to fence than a circular area.
The state constructed $1.6 million of roads to the area; the Quehanna Highway was built on parts of an old CCC road, which followed an earlier logging railroad grade. Pennsylvania also canceled 212 camp site leases to help ensure security for the installation. Curtiss-Wright built three facilities on its land. The first was a nuclear research center with a nuclear reactor and six shielded radiation containment chambers for handling radioactive isotopes, referred to as hot cells, at the end of Reactor Road. The second was for jet engine trials and had two test cells with bunkers just north of Quehanna Highway, about apart. The northern test cell was at the center of the 16-sided polygon; even if a jet engine broke its moorings, it could not leave the polygonal area. Both of these were on the land which Curtiss-Wright had purchased, which was a regular octagon surrounded with a fence built by forest rangers, supervised from three guard houses on Quehanna Highway and Wykoff Run Road. The third installation was an industrial complex at the southeast edge of the polygon, in Karthaus Township, on the Quehanna Highway. At this site, a Curtiss-Wright division manufactured Curon foam for furniture and household products and used beryllium oxide to make high-temperature ceramics for application in the nuclear industry.
In 1956 Curtiss-Wright began isotope work at the facility, and "The New York Times" published two stories on the new nuclear research laboratory that year, followed by a November 1957 report that the one-megawatt nuclear reactor was completed. In 1958, the corporation received a twenty-year license from the United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) to operate a four-megawatt pool-type nuclear research reactor, and received permission from the Pennsylvania Sanitary Water Board to dispose of some radioactive waste in Meeker Run, a tributary of Mosquito Creek. The project was billed as "the greatest thing that ever happened in North Central Pennsylvania", and was expected to employ between 7,000 and 8,000 people. Curtiss-Wright spent $30 million on the project, and developed a community for its scientific and technical staff at the village of Pine Glen, southeast of Karthaus in Centre County.
By 1960 the Air Force had decided not to pursue nuclear-powered aircraft, and the federal government canceled $70 million in "high-altitude testing contracts" with Curtiss-Wright. By June 1960, the reactor was on standby and only 750 employees remained, 400 of which were in the Curon foam division; many engineers and scientists had already left. On August 20, 1960, Curtiss-Wright announced that it was donating the reactor facility to Penn State and selling its Curon foam division; the remaining 235 employees lost their jobs. Penn State, located about an hour south of Quehanna, had its own nuclear reactor, but intended to use the Quehanna facility for research and training.
The Curtis-Wright reactor was dismantled and its fuel returned to the AEC. Martin Company, which soon became Martin Marietta, leased the hot cells, intending to use them in the manufacture of small radioisotope thermoelectric generators. Curtiss-Wright warned Penn State "that the radiation involved in Martin's operations would be 'extremely high' and of a type that posed a particular risk to human health", but Curtiss-Wright itself had left both solid and liquid radioactive waste in the facility. Some of the Curtiss-Wright waste was contaminated with toxic beryllium oxide. Penn State had acquired the reactor license and with it came legal responsibility for the nuclear waste on the site; its plan with the AEC called for the release of 90 percent of the liquid radioactive waste into the environment and the burial of most radioactive solids on site. Items coated with beryllium oxide dust "were covered in plastic and buried out in the woods", where some were subsequently unearthed by black bears and white-tailed deer. Once jet engine testing stopped, the bunkers at the test cells were used "to store hazardous and explosive material".
In 1962 Martin Marietta began to manufacture Systems for Nuclear Auxiliary Power (SNAP) thermoelectric generators under a contract with the AEC; their AEC license allowed them to have up to 6 million curies of radioactive strontium-90 in the form of strontium titanate, which powered the SNAP generators. A SNAP-7 reactor made at Quehanna was used in the world's first nuclear-powered lighthouse, the Baltimore Harbor Light, from May 1964 to April 1966. In early 1963, Curtiss-Wright still owned or leased all of Quehanna and sublet land along Quehanna Highway to a firm that recovered copper from wire by burning off its insulation, a procedure that contaminated the soil. On July 12, 1963, Pennsylvania Governor William Scranton announced the termination of Curtiss-Wright's lease on ; the state paid the company for the roads it had built, and Curtiss-Wright donated six of the eight buildings in the industrial complex to the state. In 1965 the state legislature passed an act declaring the former leased area a wilderness area, and Maurice K. Goddard, secretary of the Department of Forests and Waters, named it the Quehanna Wilderness Area.
Although Martin Marietta completed its AEC contract and its lease expired on December 21, 1966, it had to stay at the reactor site "until radiation contamination was brought to acceptable levels". Martin Marietta partially decontaminated the site and, in April 1967, undertook a joint radiological survey with Penn State and the AEC. The survey found "licensable quantities of strontium-90 stayed behind as structural contamination and residual radioactivity in piping and tanks, estimated at about 0.2 curies". This met the standards for that day, although Penn State did raise questions about the contamination remaining. Strontium is chemically very similar to calcium (both are alkaline earth metals) and can be absorbed by the body, where it is chiefly incorporated into bones. Strontium-90 decays by beta decay and has a half-life of 29 years; when it is in the body, its radioactivity can lead to bone cancer and leukemia.
Many in the conservation movement urged the state to buy back the land, especially after the Curtiss-Wright lease was canceled. In April 1967 Penn State vacated the site and gave the reactor complex to the state. Martin Marietta departed in June 1967, and early in that same year, Pennsylvania bought the remaining land back from Curtiss-Wright for $992,500, about $811,000 more than they had sold it for in 1955. Various usage plans for the area were proposed, including: a vacation resort with a large artificial lake, motels, golf courses, and honeymoon resort; a Penn State game preserve stocked with exotic animals like bison and boar; a large youth camp for several hundred children; and a radioactive waste disposal site. By November 1967, all of the land was back in the state forests and state game lands.
Protected area and reclamation.
Reactor facility.
In 1967, Pennsylvania leased the reactor complex to the Nuclear Materials and Equipment Corporation (NUMEC), which already had a federal license to work with nuclear materials. NUMEC, which soon became a subsidiary of Atlantic-Richfield Corporation (ARCO), set up a large irradiator in what had been the reactor pool. The irradiator contained over 1 million curies of cobalt-60 to produce intense gamma rays, which were used to sterilize medical equipment and irradiate food and wood. In the spring of 1967 the state had concluded that radiation contamination at the Quehanna site "could never be completely cleaned up", and so was glad to find a tenant with nuclear experience.
A group of NUMEC employees discovered that irradiating hardwood treated with plastics produced very durable flooring. In 1978 they formed PermaGrain Products, Inc. as a separate company from ARCO, and purchased the rights to the process as well as "the main irradiator, a smaller shielded irradiator and related equipment". PermaGrain sold the flooring for use in basketball courts and gymnasiums, and was the longest occupant of the Quehanna facility, operating there from 1978 to December 2002. PermaGrain also let Neutron Products, Inc., a Maryland company, do cobalt-60 work in its hot cells, which required an amendment of their license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC, the successor to the AEC).
In 1993, strontium-90 contamination in the reactor facility led the NRC to require PermaGrain to begin decontamination work, and the Pennsylvania DEP commissioned a "site characterization study". In 1998, a firm named NES began the cleanup work; they changed their name to Scientech in 1999 and to EnergySolutions in 2006. The cleanup was originally estimated to take six months; by 2006 it had taken 8 years and cost $30 million. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection's (DEP) Bureau of Radiation Protection: "Inadequate characterization of the site and the presence of ongoing industrial operations resulted in many project delays and increased costs." The hot cells proved to have more radioactive sources than originally thought. In October 1978 a Scientech worker doing decontamination cut a tube in hot cell number 4, which accidentally released strontium-90 into PermaGrain's work area. As a result, a robot had to be constructed to remove 3,000 curies of cobalt-60 in two of the hot cells, dismantle cell 4, and decontaminate the rest remotely.
After the accidental release, another radiological survey was performed and the state government concluded that PermaGrain needed to be relocated. The DCNR made the policy decision that Quehanna Wild Area would be closed to industrial uses. After looking at multiple sites with Clearfield County development authorities, a new site for PermaGrain Products was purchased, and the company submitted its plans for a new building and license to the NRC in October 2001. In order to approve the move to the new site, the NRC required PermaGrain to provide an inventory of all their cobalt-60 sources, dispose of a damaged source, and dispose of any other sources not mechanically certified. However in late December 2002, PermaGrain filed for bankruptcy under Chapter Seven. PermaGrain had employed 135 people in 1988 and 80 in 1995.
When PermaGrain went bankrupt, about 100,000 curies of cobalt-60 were abandoned at the reactor facility, which was now under the control of Pennsylvania's government. The DEP assumed responsibility for the NRC license and legacy contamination. The United States Environmental Protection Agency, working with the NRC and state, removed the cobalt-60 from the site for disposal at the low-level radioactive waste facility in Barnwell, South Carolina, in September 2003. Scientech continued decontamination work and demolished the hot cells; much of this work was done robotically, with financial aid from the United States Department of Energy.
The cleanup was thought finished, so a final survey was done in December 2004, and a Final Status Survey Report was filed in February 2005. However, when the NRC and scientists from the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education surveyed the facility in May 2005, they found many areas of contamination above the legal limits. According to the NRC's Quehanna Site Status Summary, strontium-90 had contaminated the "buildings as well as ... surface and subsurface soil" but was not in groundwater. More cleanup work was done in the summer of 2005, but the site still did not meet NRC regulations. DEP concluded that "some type of migration of radioactive material taking place in the concrete at the facility", and changed its disposal plan. The new plan called for demolition of the building without completing decontamination, and disposal of the above ground material in a regular landfill. This plan was approved by the NRC in October 2006, and a December 2006 survey showed "that the above grade structure met the release limits" of the disposal plan. The former reactor structure was demolished and on May 13, 2009 the NRC released the state from its license for the site. As of 2011, a small octagonal "restricted area" around the reactor site is still shown on official DCNR maps.
Contamination and cleanup.
On September 20, 1967 two Bureau of Forestry employees attempted to remove a metal ladder from a metal storage tank for jet fuel at the northern jet engine test cell. Both were killed in an explosion when the acetylene torch cut through the tank wall and ignited fumes inside it. A tract within the Elk State Forest at the northern edge of the wild area is known as Noble-Chambers Memorial Forest in their memory. Although Fergus reports entering a bunker in his 2002 book, and Young describes a bunker's slit windows in his 2008 book, as of 2010 the bunkers have been covered with earth.
In 1986 former Curtiss-Wright and Martin Marietta employees testified about hazards and waste disposal practices before a hearing of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. A former employee told how a night watchman walked through a spill in the reactor complex without knowing it; the man's car and the carpets in his house had to be destroyed as a result of the contamination. Others told about burying hundreds of drums of unknown waste from the reactor facility and digging a trench and deep for waste drums north of Wykoff Run Road. The locations of some sites, which included radioactive waste, beryllium oxide, and other toxic compounds, were not recorded. A forest ranger testified that he had dismantled a CCC-built drinking water fountain fed by a spring because it was downhill from the reactor and he feared people might drink contaminated water from it.
In 1964, drilling revealed that the Quehanna Wild Area's geology and hydrology made it unsuitable for burying waste. However, according to Seeley's "Great Buffaloe Swamp", a history of the Quehanna region, there are 180 contamination sites in the wild area. Waste has been found at the former air field, within the Wykoff Run Natural Area, near the industrial complex, at the former Lincoln Farm, and at the copper wire-burning site on the highway. These last three waste sites were cleaned in 1991 at a cost of $187,698. At the wire-burning site of contaminated soil were removed from , with clean earth and grass seed placed on top of the area. The waste was also removed from the farm site, but at the industrial complex the waste was covered with of soil on and fenced off.
Piper complex and boot camp.
The industrial complex covers about on both sides of Quehanna Highway at the southeast edge of the Quehanna Wild Area. Although the industrial complex lies within the historic 16-sided polygon, it is no longer part of the wild area. After Curtiss-Wright's lease ended and it donated six of the eight buildings in the complex to the state in 1963, Pennsylvania formed the Commonwealth Industrial Research Corporation to administer and lease the Quehanna facilities, which it did until 1967. Over the years a series of tenants have occupied parts of the industrial complex. One company manufactured logging trailers there from 1967 to 1971, while another processed frozen meat from 1968 to 1970. In 1968 Piper Aircraft established a plant to make metal and plastic parts for airplanes. The complex was renamed from Quehanna to Piper, a name it retains. Piper employed up to 1,000 people, but moved its operations from Pennsylvania to Florida in 1984.
The Young Adult Conservation Corps was also based at Piper from 1977 to 1982. This federally funded program employed up to 45 young people for local conservation projects in the state parks and forests and on state game lands. In addition, Sylvania Electric Products used two buildings in the industrial complex as warehouses for light bulbs until 1993. In 1992, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation began a heavy equipment training school at Piper, which is still in operation.
In 1992 the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections opened the Quehanna Motivational Boot Camp at Piper as the state's "first military-style motivational boot camp". The minimum security program for non-violent, first-time offenders has accepted both male and female inmates from the start. Originally designed to house 200, the Department of Corrections expanded the facility in the late 1990s to a capacity of 500 on about . The inmates spend six months in a military-style program that offers opportunities for education and builds positive life skills; they also are offered drug and alcohol therapy. Those who successfully complete the boot camp program, which is considered an alternative to prison, are released on parole. The boot camp began to receive men and women from the "general population of state prison inmates" in 2005 and 2006, respectively. At the end of June 2009, the facility had 494 inmates, 61 percent of whom were in the boot camp program, and cost just over $17 million a year to operate.
Wild area.
In December 1970 the state forest commission officially changed the designation from Quehanna Wilderness Area to Quehanna Wild Area, making it the first state forest wild area in Pennsylvania. Elk and Moshannon state forests jointly administer Quehanna's ; for comparison, this is over three times larger than the area of Manhattan, making Quehanna the largest of the 16 wild areas in the state. According to the Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry, "a wild area is an extensive area, which the general public will be permitted to see, use and enjoy for such activities as hiking, hunting, and fishing. No development of a permanent nature will be permitted in order to retain the undeveloped character of the area. These areas will be administered according to the principals of forest protection...".
Consequently, within a wild area, no new permanent camp leases, mines, wells, roads, or rights-of-way for utility lines are allowed, although existing camps, roads, and rights-of-way may remain. Vehicles are allowed only on public roads; trails are limited to hikers, bicyclists, equestrians, and wheelchairs, and only primitive camping by backpackers is allowed. Quehanna has two paved roads open to vehicles, and is crossed by rights-of-way for three electrical power lines and two natural gas pipelines. It is one of the largest areas in Pennsylvania without permanent inhabitants.
The state forest system also has natural areas, with more restricted usage. According to the Bureau of Forestry, "A natural area is an area of unique scenic, historic, geologic or ecological value that will be maintained in a natural condition by allowing physical and biological processes to operate, usually without direct human intervention." Quehanna Wild Area contains two state forest natural areas: the Wykoff Run Natural Area in the center, and the Marion Brooks Natural Area on the northwest edge. Marion Brooks Natural Area, known for its stand of white birch, was formerly known as Paige Run Natural Area; in 1975 it was renamed for Marion E. Brooks, a pioneering environmentalist from Elk County. Quehanna Wild Area also has two wildlife viewing areas with blinds for observing elk and other animals: Beaver Run Dam's pond and wetlands and Hoover Farm's fields and feeding plots.
The Quehanna plateau is home to the Quehanna Trail System, a loop hiking trail, of which are in Quehanna Wild Area. The trail was built in 1976 and 1977 with help from a federally funded jobs program, the Young Adult Conservation Corps, and the Pennsylvania Conservation Corps. As of 2010 it is maintained by the Quehanna Area Trails Club. Parts of the trail have been moved, away from damage caused by the 1985 tornado, to avoid pipelines, to circumvent the Piper Boot Camp, and to pass closer to streams. The wild area also has six shallow ponds for waterfowl and other wildlife, the result of dams built on marshy areas in the 1970s. In 1997 the whole Quehanna Wild Area was declared Pennsylvania Important Bird Area #31 by the Pennsylvania Audubon Society. In 2003, the Bureau of Forestry proposed expanding the Quehanna Wild Area by incorporating more of the surrounding Elk and Moshannon State Forests.
Despite efforts to restrict use, some environmentalists criticize Quehanna's administration. Christopher Klyza, author of "Wilderness Comes Home: Rewilding the Northeast", notes that the Pennsylvania wild areas are not true wilderness areas. He is especially critical of the continued use of roads through the wild areas and limited logging allowed "for forest health and wildlife habitat improvements".
Geology and climate.
Quehanna Wild Area lies at an elevation of on the Allegheny Plateau. The area falls into portions of two distinct geological physiographic provinces, with all but the northernmost part in the Pittsburgh Low Plateau, known for its coal and mineral deposits, and characterized by steep-cut stream beds. The northernmost part of the wild area, including Marion Brooks Natural Area, is in the Deep Valleys section, home to some of the most remote and wild areas of the state; streams here have cut deep valleys with steep-sided slopes. In the southern part of Quehanna Wild Area, the Mosquito Creek gorge is up to deep, while the Red Run gorge in the north is almost deep.
The Allegheny Plateau formed in the Alleghenian orogeny some 300 million years ago, when the part of Gondwana that became Africa collided with the landmass that became North America, forming Pangaea. In the dissected plateau, years of erosion have cut away the soft rocks, forming the valleys, and leaving the hardest rocks relatively untouched. The land on which Quehanna Wild Area sits was part of the coastline of a shallow sea that covered a great portion of what is now North America in the Pennsylvanian subperiod. The high mountains to the east of the sea gradually eroded, causing a buildup of sediment made up primarily of clay, sand and gravel. Tremendous pressure on the sediment caused the formation of the rocks that are found today.
At least five major rock formations from the Devonian and Carboniferous periods are present in Quehanna Wild Area. The youngest of these, which forms the highest points on the plateau, is the Pennsylvanian Allegheny Formation, which has clay, coal, limestone, sandstone, and shale. Below this is the Pennsylvanian Pottsville Formation, a gray conglomerate that may contain sandstone, siltstone, and shale, as well as anthracite coal, and which forms much of the Quehanna plateau. The next formations are found in the valleys and gorges which the creeks have eroded over time. The first of these is the Mississippian Pocono Formation, which is buff colored with shale, coal, and conglomerate inclusions; parts of this formation are also known as the Burgoon Sandstone. Below this is the late Devonian and early Mississippian Huntley Mountain Formation, which is made of relatively soft grayish-red shale and olive-gray sandstone. The lowest and oldest layer is the red shale and siltstone of the Catskill Formation.
The Allegheny Plateau has a continental climate, with occasional severe low temperatures in winter and average daily temperature ranges (the difference between the daily high and low) of 20 °F (11 °C) in winter and 26 °F (14 °C) in summer. Quehanna Wild Area is part of the Mosquito Creek and Wykoff Run watersheds, where the mean annual precipitation is . Weather records are not available for Quehanna Wild Area, but they are known for the nearby village of Karthaus. The highest recorded temperature at Karthaus was in 1988, and the record low was in 1994. On average, February is the coldest month, July is the hottest month, and June is the wettest month.
1985 tornado.
On May 31, 1985, an outbreak of 43 tornadoes struck northeastern Ohio, western and central Pennsylvania, New York, and southern Ontario, killing 88 people. The Storm Data Center of the National Weather Service rated the outbreak "the 12th most 'significant' tornado event of all time". Pennsylvania was struck by 17 tornadoes that Memorial Day, including the only F5 tornado on the Fujita scale in the state's history. The tornadoes caused 65 deaths in Pennsylvania and were not dissipated by the state's mountainous landscape, "forever putting to rest the myth that such terrain can deter them".
An F4 tornado passed through Quehanna Wild Area; its path of destruction crossed the Quehanna Highway at the Clearfield–Cameron county line. It traveled over of mainly dense forest and wilderness in central Pennsylvania, and damaged or destroyed buildings early in its life, including a CCC-built lodge at Parker Dam State Park. The damage path from this storm was estimated to be at least wide. Its winds——ripped up small and medium sized trees and shrubs, tore leaves and limbs from some of the big trees, and snapped others like matchsticks. As it headed west through Moshannon State Forest in Clearfield and Centre counties, Gregory S. Forbes, then a meteorology professor at Penn State, said the debris from the tornado was visible on his WSR-57 radar scanners. The reactor building was just north of the tornado's path and suffered $200,000 in damage, but no radiation leaks occurred.
The tornado outbreak injured more than 1,000 people and caused $450 million in total damages and destruction. Moshannon State Forest lost an estimated $8 million in lumber to the tornado that hit Quehanna; after the storm, $2 million in timber was salvaged in the state forest. In the ensuing years, the affected forest at Quehanna, though younger and smaller than the surrounding woods, has partly recovered. The official map for the Quehanna Trail is labeled "tornado zone" where the twister passed through the wild area.
Ecology.
Flora.
The virgin forests of what became Quehanna Wild Area were different in composition and quality than those of today. Eastern white pine and eastern hemlock were more common, often found on shady slopes and damp areas on plateaus. Chestnut oak and pitch pine favored slopes that were sandy or rocky, and the forest had a mixture of hardwoods, including ash, beech, birch, chestnut, maple, and yellow poplar. Each of these virgin forests could produce up to of white pine and of hemlock and hardwoods. For comparison, the same area of forest today produces a total of on average. The virgin forests cooled the land and streams. Centuries of accumulated organic matter in the forest soil caused slow percolation of rainfall into the streams, so they flowed more evenly year-round.
The clearcutting and repeated fires changed all of this. New growth was often composed of different plants and trees than had originally been there. Near Beaver Run in Quehanna there are wetlands that were originally hemlock forest. Hemlocks transpire large amounts of water and once they were gone the soil was too wet to support most trees; the bracken and ferns that replaced the hemlocks altered the soil qualities to discourage trees as well. Within the Quehanna Wild Area are wetlands. Fires and erosion removed nutrients from the soil, and in some areas the soil was so poor in nutrients that only white birch, a pioneer species, would grow there. Marion Brooks Natural Area has the largest stand of white birch in Pennsylvania and the eastern United States. These trees are now 80 to 90 years old and reaching the end of their lifespans.
Besides forest fires and tornado damage, there have been other threats to Quehanna's forests in the 20th century. Many trees were lost when chestnut blight wiped out the American chestnut trees by 1925; in the Quehanna area, this species constituted between one-quarter and one-half of the hardwoods. In the 1960s, white and chestnut oak trees had high mortality from pit scale insects and associated fungi. Larvae of oak leaf roller moths, which defoliate oaks, first appeared on of Quehanna Wild Area in the late 1960s; at their peak in the late 1960s and early 1970s they had defoliated of Moshannon State Forest and in Elk State Forest, with moderate to heavy tree mortality. A similar pest, oak leaf tier, stripped of oaks in Elk State Forest by 1970. The gypsy moth defoliated over of deciduous trees in the 1970s and 1980s. The forests within the Quehanna Important Bird Area are 84 percent hardwoods, 4 percent mixed hardwood and evergreens, less than 1 percent evergreens, 7 percent transitional between forests and fields, and 3 percent perennial herbaceous plants. As well as trees, the forests have blueberry and huckleberry bushes and thickets of mountain laurel and rhododendron.
Fauna.
Some animals, previously present in abundance, have disappeared, or the populations declined, through habitat loss. By 1912, after the forests had been clearcut, Quehanna was covered by "vast expanses of brush, created when the root systems of cut-off trees sprouted up through the discarded tops and limbs of the logged forest". Once the forest fires were controlled, this brush offered habitat for many game species. By the early 1940s, the CCC had thinned brush in many areas, and the forest had matured. Shade from the canopy decreased brush in the understory. By the early 21st century, many of the trees in Quehanna were 80 to 100 years old, and the maturation of the forests led to the disappearance of species like bobwhite quail, ring-necked pheasant, and snowshoe hare, while white-tailed deer, ruffed grouse, black squirrel, and cottontail rabbit all became less common than they had been. Efforts by the Mosquito Creek Sportsmen's Association (MCSA) to reintroduce bobwhite quail, ring-necked pheasant, and snowshoe hare have been unsuccessful.
Other animals became locally extinct through overhunting. The last elk in Pennsylvania was killed in Elk County in 1867. The Pennsylvania Game Commission brought 177 animals from the Rocky Mountains to the state from 1913 to 1926; today the elk herd of over 600 animals can often be seen in Quehanna Wild Area. Between 1906 and 1925, Pennsylvania became so concerned about declining numbers of white-tailed deer that it imported nearly 1,200 animals from Michigan to re-establish the species, and made it the official state animal in 1959. In the early 21st century, over-grazing by deer threatens plant diversity. By the early 20th century, the fisher, a small mammal similar to the European polecat or American marten, was hunted to extinction in Pennsylvania. Between 1994 and 1998, 190 animals were released in five sites in the northern part of the state, including 23 animals along Quehanna's Wykoff Run in 1995. Breeding populations of fisher appear to have been reestablished.
Still other animals seem to thrive regardless of the maturity of the forest or the presence of the understory. Common animals found in Quehanna include chipmunks, porcupine, and beaver, omnivores such as the black bear and raccoon, and predators like bobcat, red fox, and coyote (which has been in Pennsylvania since the 1930s). Many of the streams in Quehanna Wild Area are known for trout (brook, brown and rainbow); some populations are wild and others are stocked by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission and Mosquito Creek Sportsmen's Association. The wild area is also home to timber rattlesnake, eastern garter snake, and spring peeper (a type of frog), as well as butterflies like great spangled fritillary, monarch, red-spotted purple, and black, eastern tiger, and spicebush swallowtails. Any of these mammals, especially the white-tailed deer, can carry ticks, and such tick-born diseases as Lyme disease are a health concern for hikers.
As an International Bird Area, Quehanna's forests are recognized as a "large, unfragmented tract with exceptional diversity of woodland species" and are home to 102 species of birds. Common birds include American crow, black-capped chickadee, blue jay, broad-winged hawk, common raven, hermit thrush, house sparrow, northern waterthrush, starling, whip-poor-will, and wild turkey. Quehanna Wild Area includes a variety of forest, riparian, and wetland habitats that support a diversity of animals. The shrub and scrubland areas left by the 1985 tornado and cleared for elk to feed in are home to indigo bunting and prairie warbler, while ponds and wetlands attract waterfowl such as hooded merganser and wood duck, and wading birds like great blue heron. The birch forest of Marion Brooks Natural Area is home to downy, hairy, and pileated woodpeckers, the oak forest of Wykoff Run Natural Area has black-throated green warbler, red-eyed vireo, and white-breasted huthatch, and its aspen groves have woodcock. In addition to the commonly seen red-tailed hawk, other raptors include the northern goshawk and the golden and bald eagles.
Recreation.
According to the DCNR, Quehanna Wild Area is for the public "to see, use and enjoy for such activities as hiking, hunting, and fishing". The main hiking trail on the Quehanna plateau is the Quehanna Trail, a loop trail that passes through the wild area and Moshannon and Elk State Forests. The main trailhead for most hikers is at Parker Dam State Park to the west of the wild area. From there the trail, which is blazed in orange, heads east to the southern part of Quehanna Wild Area, skirts Piper and the Boot Camp there, then turns north, crosses Wykoff Run and turns west again. After passing through Marion Brooks Natural Area, the trail leaves the wild area and completes the loop back at Parker Dam. The Quehanna Trail is considered a strenuous hike not just because of its length, but for its of changes in elevation. Two blue-blazed connector trails add to the system, and there are many side trails and small trails off the Quehanna Highway. Most trails are open to cross-country skiing in the winter. According to the DCNR, the Quehanna Trail "passes through some of the most wild and beautiful country Pennsylvania has to offer".
Susan Stranahan's "Susquehanna: River of Dreams" reports that before Curtiss-Wright took over the area in 1955, Quehanna was considered "some of the best hunting land in the state". While no hunting or fishing were initially allowed on the leased land, by July 1959 fishing on Mosquito Creek was allowed again, as was limited hunting to help control the deer. In October 1963 hunting resumed throughout the wild area, four years before the state purchased the land back from Curtiss-Wright. As of 2010, the Pennsylvania Game Commission allows hunting of the following species found in Quehanna Wild Area: American crow, beaver, black bear, black squirrel, bobcat, bobwhite quail, cottontail rabbit, coyote, elk, house sparrow, raccoon, red fox, ring-necked pheasant, ruffed grouse, white-tailed deer, wild turkey, and woodcock. The Mosquito Creek Sportsmen's Association has sponsored an annual coyote hunt each winter hunt since 1992. The club has also provided food plots for deer and elk, fed game animals in winter, planted and pruned fruit trees, stocked fish, and treated streams for acid rain. Fishing is primarily for trout.
The Quehanna Wild Area is also seen, used, and enjoyed by bird watchers attracted by its status as an Important Bird Area. Audubon Pennsylvania and the DCNR have prepared the "Susquehanna River Birding and Wildlife Trail" guide which lists three sites in Quehanna: Wykoff Run, Beaver Run Wildlife Viewing Area, and the whole wild area. The DCNR has published a guide to "Elk Scenic Drive" which lists 23 attractions, four in Quehanna: Marion Brooks and Wykoff Run Natural Areas, and Beaver Run and Hoover Farm Wildlife Viewing Areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20617851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617851" title="Who Put the Devil in You">
Who Put the Devil in You

"Who Put The Devil In You" is the first single from the album Deliverance by Australian rock band You Am I. It was released in 2002 and reached number 79 in that year's Hottest 100.
It was released as an exclusive download from You Am I's website.
Track listing.
"You Got Lucky" and "Cream & The Crock" are You Am I originals. A remastered version of the former appeared on the Deliverance single. "Cream & The Crock" is an unreleased live track from ...Saturday Night, 'Round Ten.

</doc>
<doc id="20617854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617854" title="St. Thomas Manor">
St. Thomas Manor

St. Thomas Manor (1741) is a historic home and Catholic church complex located near Port Tobacco, Charles County, Maryland. Today, the manor house complex is recognized as the oldest Jesuit residence in the world to have been continuously occupied by that order. The mission settlement of Chapel Point was started in 1641 by Father Andrew White, S.J., an English Jesuit missionary. He administered to the Potapoco Native Americans, some of whom he converted to Catholicism. Established in 1662, this is the oldest continuously active Roman Catholic parish in the Thirteen Colonies of North America founded by Great Britain. With the consecration in 1794 of Bishop John Carroll, St. Thomas became the first Roman Catholic see in the United States.
Description.
The house is a two-story, seven-bay, brick structure of Georgian architecture, of Flemish bond construction. The mansion is the oldest surviving example of the Georgian style in Maryland. The manor house was built in 1741 as the headquarters of the Maryland Mission of the Society of Jesus, replacing an earlier structure. It served as the Superior's and later the Provincial's official residence. This was the nucleus of other missions in Maryland and the mid-Atlantic region.
Connected to the manor house stands a two-story brick wing that incorporates a former chapel built in 1798, now called St. Ignatius Church. Outbuildings are also significant, including a small, mid-19th century wood-frame slaves' quarter, "one of remarkably few such buildings to survive in this area." In addition, the former corn crib is the "largest structure of its type recorded in Charles County and one that exhibits many construction features not represented elsewhere."
A cemetery lies to the west of the manor house and church. Notable parishioners are buried there, including Confederate agent, Olivia Floyd, and US Congressmen, Sydney Emanuel Mudd and Sydney Emanuel Mudd II.
St. Thomas Manor was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. Due to its history and scenic waterfront setting, the manor grounds, church and cemetery attract visitors from distant places. They make up a favorite rest-stop for many bicycle tour groups.
Additional significance.
In 1794 it was at St. Thomas Manor that John Carroll was invested in his robes as the first Catholic bishop of the United States of America, after the nation gained independence in the Revolutionary War. (He later traveled to London for official consecration as a bishop by the Vicar Apostolic.) This investiture established St. Thomas as the first Roman Catholic see in the United States.
The St. Thomas complex was also the site of the revival of the Jesuit order in the United States in 1805, after it had been suppressed by the Catholic Church in 1773. Three American priests took their vows at St. Ignatius Church.
Catholic Church and Indian records.
During the years of slavery and after the American Civil War, when most southern governments classified people as only black or white in a binary system related to the racial caste of slavery, St. Ignatius was among the Catholic parishes that continued to record their Native congregational members as Indian, regardless of whether they were of mixed race. In colonial and United States records, by contrast, the tribal identities of some Native Americans were lost when they were classified by outsiders as free people of color, "colored," or "white," regardless of how they identified ethnically. Research in Catholic records has helped some tribes document their continuous cultural history and identification as Native American, and to gain state and federal recognition as tribes since the late 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20617858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617858" title="2008 China Open">
2008 China Open

2008 China Open can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20617864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617864" title="My Boss, My Teacher">
My Boss, My Teacher

My Boss, My Teacher () is a 2006 South Korean film and sequel to the 2001 film "My Boss, My Hero". It was followed by "The Mafia, The Salesman" in 2007.
Plot.
Gangster Doo-shik has graduated school and is now attending college, though he is allowing his underling Sang-du to take classes on his behalf. For the final semester, all education majors are sent out to work in schools for teacher training. This is one job that Doo-shik must complete himself, and he is sent out to teach in the trouble-laden high school himself.
Release.
"My Boss, My Teacher" was released in South Korea on 19 January 2006, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 1,106,825 admissions. It held the number-one spot for a second consecutive week, and went on to receive a total of 6,105,431 admissions nationwide, making it the fourth best selling film of 2006, and—until surpassed by "200 Pounds Beauty" in early 2007—the most successful Korean comedy film of all time. As of 5 February 2006, the film had grossed a total of $30,585,589.

</doc>
<doc id="20617871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617871" title="Pyramidula rupestris">
Pyramidula rupestris

Pyramidula rupestris is a species of very small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pyramidulidae.
Shell description.
The width of the shell is up to 2.7 mm, the height is up to 2.5 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20617877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617877" title="Gastrocopta armifera">
Gastrocopta armifera

Gastrocopta armifera, common name the armed snaggletooth, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the United States east of the Rocky Mountains, and in Canada in Alberta (at Red Deer), and Manitoba (at Brandon).

</doc>
<doc id="20617883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617883" title="John F. Harris (Illinois)">
John F. Harris (Illinois)

John F. Harris (born 1962) is the former Chief of Staff to the Governor of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich. He resigned in December 2008 after being charged, along with Blagojevich, with wire fraud .On March 28, 2012 Harris was sentenced by Judge James B. Zagel. In contrast to the 14 year sentence Judge Zagel previously handed down to former Governor Blagojevich, Harris was sentenced to a period of 10 days incarceration, two years supervised release and a $1000 fine. In imposing the unusually lenient sentence, Judge Zagel noted that the former Governor had worn down his staff and demonstrated signs of “mental instability.” Judge Zagel observed that other than leaving the administration earlier if he were in Harris’ shoes, he might have acted the same way. The Judge also acknowledged an unusual number of character reference letters in support of Harris that had been received from prominent city and state political and business figures. 
Biography.
Harris graduated from Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois in 1984. He attended Loyola University Chicago School of Law and graduated in 1987. 
From 1984 to 1992, Harris served as an intelligence officer and judge advocate general in the United States Army. He resigned his commission in 1992 and subsequently joined the administration of Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley, where he served in many senior management positions and ultimately as budget director from 1996 to 2005. Among his many accomplishments, Harris negotiated and launched the multi-billion dollar O'Hare International Airport modernization program and led the City's successful transaction to sell the Chicago Skyway for $1.8b to the private capital joint venture team of Cintra/MacQuarie. In 2005, Harris joined the administration of the Governor of Illinois as Chief-of-Staff, Rod Blagojevich.
Involvement with Rod Blagojevich.
On December 9, 2008, Harris and his boss Governor Rod Blagojevich were arrested and charged with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud as well as solicitation of bribery. Harris resigned days later. Harris would enter a guilty plea soon after his arrest and was granted a deal after he agreed to testify against Blagojevich.

</doc>
<doc id="20617897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617897" title="Junior Burke">
Junior Burke

Junior Burke is an American writer who, from January 2006 to June 2010, served as Chair of Naropa University’s Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics in Boulder, Colorado, and remains on its faculty.
Publications, productions and music.
In the 1990s, Burke's prose began to achieve notice, receiving an award in the essay category from New Millennium Writing, one of six writers cited nationally. In 1999, he was invited to Naropa University to teach in the Summer Writing Program. . He began teaching for Naropa online, and designed and implemented a low residency MFA degree in Creative Writing. In 2004, he founded the e/zine "not enough night", which has published Kerouac School co-founder Anne Waldman, Ed Sanders and Gary Snyder. Also in that year, he accepted a Lecturer’s position in the Film Studies Department at the University of Colorado. After three years of directing Naropa’s low/res program, he was tapped to be Chair of Writing & Poetics for the Kerouac School, founded in 1974 by poets Anne Waldman and Allen Ginsberg.
The novel "Something Gorgeous" (Farfalla, McMillan & Parrish) appeared in 2005. This work of speculative fiction explored the historical background of the era that spawned "The Great Gatsby", and was lauded for its invention by the UK's Historical Novels Review. In 2013, in a slightly revised version, it became widely available as an e/book. 
He has been a source for such publications as Le Monde and "The London Observer", when they presented features on the 50th anniversary of Kerouac’s "On the Road".
Burke was one of the chief organizers of the first-of-its-kind "Poetic Film Symposium" held in Boulder in June, 2011. A collaboration between Naropa and the University of Colorado, the event was largely funded by a Mellon Grant presented to Tom Gunning of the University of Chicago. Besides showing classic works of experimental film, it also premiered a number of new films, as well as presentations from eminent film scholars such as Gunning and Daniel Kane, author of "We Saw the Light: Conversations Between New American Cinema and Poetry." Burke's account of the event, "Notice What You Notice" appeared in Bomb Magazine.
Besides literary writing, Junior Burke is a songwriter and dramatist whose works have been widely performed, produced and recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="20617906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617906" title="Henry Whatley Tyler">
Henry Whatley Tyler

Sir Henry Whatley Tyler (7 March 1827 - 1908) was a British Inspector of Railways, Railway Company director and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1892.
Early life.
Tyler was born in Mayfair, London the son of John Chatfield Tyler and attended the Royal Military Academy Woolwich. He joined the Royal Engineers and in 1851 was a lieutenant called upon by Henry Cole to assist with the organisation of the Great Exhibition. In 1860 he donated a set of prospectuses to the State Library of Victoria.
Railway Inspectorate.
Tyler was appointed an Inspecting Officer for Railways in 1853 a function which is normally carried out by Royal Engineers officers, holding the position for 24 years. A typical investigation is reported in the press in 1858. Other important investigations included the Wooton bridge collapse and the Clayton Tunnel rail crash, both of which occurred in 1861. The former involved failure of cast iron beams supporting the track in a wooden bridge, through which a coal train fell, killing the driver and stoker instantly. The Clayton tunnel crash involved a collision in the tunnel and was the worst rail disaster at the time, killing 24 passengers in the rear coaches. He also reported on the Bull bridge accident when yet another cast iron girder failed suddenly as a train was passing over.
His expertise was called upon not only in the UK but also in various locations in Europe. In 1866 he was sent to inspect the railway systems of France and Italy, in order to determine how best to transfer mail destined for India from northern France to the Italian port of Brindisi. On his recommendation the route was accepted. In 1867 he investigated London's water supply following an outbreak of cholera, an investigation which involved emptying a reservoir of the East London Waterworks Company next to the river Lea, and tasting the contaminated water. His report helped confirm that cholera was water-borne rather than by the air. 
In 1868 he spent two periods of leave building the first railway in Greece from Athens to Piraeus. In 1871 he received promotion to Chief Inspector of Railways, and in 1874 he went to America to inspect the Erie for British investors. He was a member of the abortive Channel Tunnel Commission in 1875 to 1876. On retirement from the government post he became President of the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada in 1877 where he established a successful working relationship with Sir Joseph Hickson. He was also chairman of the Westinghouse Air Brake Company and Deputy Chairman of the Great Eastern Railway Company.
Political life.
At the 1880 general election, Tyler was elected as Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Harwich in Essex. In 1882 he objected to a Theosophist article against which he raised a charge of blasphemy and became embroiled in a conflict with Annie Besant. In 1885 he was elected at Great Yarmouth, but lost the seat at the 1892 election. In 1893 he gave up the presidency of the Grand Trunk Railway Company.
Personal life.
Tyler married Margaret Pasley, daughter of General Sir Charles Pasley, K.C.B. in 1852. He was interested in homeopathy and contributed large sums of money for the expansion of the London Homeopathic Hospital. His daughter Margaret Lucy Tyler (1875–1943) was a student of James Tyler Kent and became one of the most influential homeopaths of all time

</doc>
<doc id="20617919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617919" title="2009 Arkansas Razorbacks football team">
2009 Arkansas Razorbacks football team

The 2009 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the 2009 football season. The Razorbacks played five home games at Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium in Fayetteville, Arkansas and two home games at War Memorial Stadium in Little Rock, Arkansas. Head coach Bobby Petrino was in his second season at Arkansas. The Razorbacks finished the season 8–5, 3–5 in SEC play and won the Liberty Bowl 20–17 against East Carolina.
Leading into the 2009 season.
Former Michigan State head coach John L. Smith was hired as special teams coordinator. He replaced Lorenzo Ward who took a spot with the South Carolina Gamecocks. Quarterback Ryan Mallett and linebacker Ryan Powers were both arrested before the season. Mallett's charge of public intoxication garnered national headlines, and Powers was charged with shoplifting from a Fayetteville Wal-Mart. Neither player was suspended.
Players.
Additions.
Punter Briton Forester signed with the team on March 2 out of Palomar College. Forester had previously competed at Hawaii in 2006 and 2007, and will be designated a junior at Arkansas. New special teams coach John L. Smith was integral in Forester's signing.
Southern Cal transfer Broderick Green was cleared to play by the NCAA on July 31, 2009. The running back transferred to Arkansas to be nearer his ill grandmother, who resides in Little Rock, Arkansas. He will have three years of eligibility remaining.
Departures.
In a press release on December 16, 2008, Nathan Dick, brother of Casey Dick, announced his intentions to transfer from the University of Arkansas. His release was granted by Bobby Petrino. Dick transferred to in-state UCA. Crosby Tuck, a sophomore receiver from Shiloh Christian School, announced that he would no longer compete with the Razorbacks on February 23, 2009. The Springdale native's decision was based on an elbow injury against Kentucky in 2007, from which he has not returned. Tuck will remain at the University of Arkansas.
Sophomore linebacker Khiry Battle was dismissed from the team on June 29, 2009, due to an unspecified violation of team rules.
Game notes.
Missouri State.
Arkansas began the season with a bang as Dennis Johnson returned the opening kickoff 91 yards for a touchdown. The Razorbacks also threw for over 400 yards as a team for the first time in school history.
Ryan Mallett went 17 for 22 passing for 309 yards and a touchdown in his Razorbacks debut. He transferred from the University of Michigan following the 2007 season, and had to sit out the 2008 season in accordance with NCAA regulations. His backup, Tyler Wilson, was more efficient but less productive going 13 for 19 for 138 yards with an interception and two touchdowns. Senior running back Michael Smith scored from 15 yards out to make the score 14–0 Razorbacks. Broderick Green scored on a 1-yard touchdown plunge to make the score 21–3 to close the first quarter.
Van Stumon caught a Wilson pass for a two-yard touchdown, followed by a Bears score to push the Razorback advantage to 28–10. Alex Tejada added a short field goal before halftime to give the Hogs a 21-point lead. Joe Adams caught a 40-yard touchdown pass from Mallett to start the third quarter scoring, with the Hogs also notching another Tejada field goal. The fourth quarter produced another TD strike from Wilson, this time to Cobi Hamilton.
Smith finished with four carries for 43 yards and the score. True freshman Ronnie Wingo Jr. rushed eight times for 50 yards, Broderick Green rushed 10 times for 31 yards and a touchdown. Jarius Wright caught 6 passes for 139 yards, with Joe Adams snagging 4 for 70 and a TD. Cobi Hamilton had four grabs for 56 and a TD, Greg Childs caught 4 for 50 yds. Tight end D.J. Williams, named to the Mackey Award watch list, caught two passes for twenty yards. Razorback linebackers Wendel Davis and Jerry Franklin had five solo tackles each.
#20 Georgia.
The fifth-largest crowd in Razorback Stadium history watched the Hogs and Dogs pile up over 1,000 yards of offense and numerous school records. Georgia QB Joe Cox threw for 375 yards and five scores. Bulldogs receiver A. J. Green had seven catches for 137 yards and two scores. Ryan Mallett of Arkansas completed 21 of 39 for 408 yards and five touchdowns. The yardage and touchdown totals both are school records. Razorback receiver Greg Childs caught five passes for 140 yards and two TDs.
Arkansas scored on their first two plays; Joe Adams catching an 18-yard pass from Ryan Mallett (Alex Tejada kick) followed by a Jarius Wright 48-yard pass from Mallett. Georgia would score on a Joe Cox TD pass and Blair Walsh field goal, followed by a Greg Childs 30-yard TD reception from Ryan Mallett to make it a 21-10 Razorback lead to end the first period. Early in the second quarter, Razorback linebacker Jerry Franklin was assessed two unsportsmanlike conduct penalties and was ejected. Georgia opened the second quarter scoring with an 80-yard run by Richard Samuel, followed by a 25-yard pass from Joe Cox to A.J. Green. Walsh would add a field goal as time expired, giving UGA the first half, 27-21.
Arkansas forced Georgia into a three-and-out, followed by a 40 yard Ryan Mallett aerial to Greg Childs, to make it a 28-27 Arkansas advantage. Tavarres King of Georgia responded by catching a 50-yard pass from Cox. Arkansas replied when D.J. Williams snagged a 2-yard pass from Mallett. Georgia two-way player Orson Charles caught a 44-yard pass from Joe Cox to make the score 40-35. The Dogs attempted a two-point conversion, and A.J. Green caught the lob from Cox to make it 42-35. Razorback kicker Alex Tejada added a short field goal, making the score 42-38 to Georgia's advantage.
A.J. Green caught a 28-yard touchdown pass from Cox to give UGA an 11-point lead in the fourth quarter. The Razorbacks drove inside the Georgia 10 yardline, but settled for a field goal. Georgia subsequently took the ball and tacked on another field goal, making the final score 52-41.
The three-hour and forty-five-minute affair contained 25 penalties for 193 total yards. The two teams combined to run 125 plays. Joe Cox was named National Offensive Player of the Week by the Walter Camp Football Foundation for his efforts.
#3 Alabama.
Arkansas visited Bryant-Denny Stadium on September 26 to play the third-ranked Alabama Crimson Tide.
Arkansas and Alabama battled to a 0-0 tie after the first quarter, with the two teams combining for five punts and six first downs. Trent Richardson got the scoring started for 'Bama, breaking numerous tackles on his way to a 52-yard touchdown run. After Arkansas punted on the ensuing possession, Alabama quarterback Greg McElroy completed a deep pass to Julio Jones for 50 yards and a touchdown out of the wildcat formation. Arkansas rushed for negative yardage in the second quarter, but was losing by only 14 at halftime.
Arkansas' offense got started in the third quarter on a Greg Childs 18-yard touchdown reception from Ryan Mallett. The Alex Tejada kick made it a 14-7 Alabama lead. Alabama's response was a single play: McElroy to Marquis Maze for an 80-yard touchdown pass. Arkansas' Dylan Breeding had his punt attempt blocked, setting up Mark Ingram to catch a 14-yard TD pass from McElroy. The Crimson Tide led 28-7 entering the fourth quarter, and Ingram's 2-yard run produced the 35-7 final score.
Texas A&M, Southwest Classic.
Texas A&M and Arkansas renewed their past rivalry, now named the Southwest Classic, in Cowboys Stadium on October 3, 2009. Texas A&M would take an early 10-0 lead on a Randy Bullock field goal and Jerrod Johnson 60-yard pass to Bran Jackson, but Arkansas would respond with 30 unanswered points before halftime. TD passes from Ryan Mallett to Broderick Green and DeAnthony Curtis, followed by an 85-yard fumble return for a touchdown by Jerry Franklin, gave the Hogs a 21-10 lead. Alex Tejada would make a field goal and Jarius Wright's 31-yard TD reception would give the Razorbacks a 30-10 lead at halftime.
The Aggies replied with a field goal from Bullock with 8:16 to play in the third quarter. Mallett would hit Michael Smith for a 29-yard passing touchdown to close the third quarter scoring. Texas A&M receiver Ryan Tannehill would catch a 3-yard pass from Johnson to make it a 19-37 game, but the Aggies failed the two-point conversion. After another Tejada field goal, Razorback true freshman Ronnie Wingo, Jr. would break loose for a 62-yard touchdown to produce the final margin of 47-19.
Texas A&M quarterback Jerrod Johnson completed 30 of 58 passes for 345 yards and two touchdowns. Ryan Mallett was 17 of 27 passing for 271 yards, four touchdowns and an interception. Joe Adams caught three passes for 110 yards to lead Arkansas in receiving. The contest took three hours and twenty six minutes to complete, and contained 151 plays, 91 of which were run by Texas A&M.
#17 Auburn.
Former Auburn coach Tommy Tuberville provided his insight on the contest, stating over the radio on WJOX, "Arkansas can’t stop a cold, but they’ll try to score some points" and that Auburn would win "by three touchdowns". Bobby Petrino was an offensive coordinator for the Tigers under Tuberville in 2002, and was considered as Tuberville's successor after a dismal 2003 campaign.
Arkansas forced a three-and-out on the game's opening drive, and scored on a Broderick Green 2-yard run to give the Hogs an early 7-0 lead. Early in the second quarter, Michael Smith broke a 25-yard touchdown run to give the Razorbacks a 13-0 edge. Tigers running back Mario Fannin fumbled the ensuing kickoff, recovered by Arkansas' Jerell Norton at the Auburn 34-yard line. Two plays later, Ryan Mallett completed a 16-yard touchdown pass to Greg Childs to stretch the lead to 20-0. Auburn's Wes Byrum hit on a 37-yard field goal before halftime, and Mallett completed a five-yard touchdown pass to D. J. Williams to make the Arkansas lead 27-3.
Arkansas punted to open the third quarter, but Jake Bequette's recovery of Ben Tate's fumble gave the Hogs the ball at the Arkansas 5-yard line. Ten plays later, Ryan Mallett rushed for a four-yard touchdown to make it 34-3 Hogs. Tate would reply twice, first on a one-yard touchdwon run, and later on a 60-yard touchdown scamper. Onterio McCalebb would also score on the ground for Auburn in the third quarter, cutting the Razorbacks' lead to 23-34. Broderick Green responded early in the fourth quarter on a 3-yard rushing score. Alex Tejada would add a field goal to produce the final 44-23 margin. Arkansas won by 21 points, totally reversing Tommy Tuberville's prediction that the Tigers would prevail by three scores.
#1 Florida.
With Florida favored to win by 25 points, the Arkansas Razorbacks pushed the top-ranked Gators to the edge. Arkansas sacked 2007 Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow six times and forced four turnovers, but missed a 31-yard Alex Tejada field goal that would've given the Hogs a 23-20 lead with 3:08 to play.
Jake Bequette set up the game's first points be forcing a Tebow fumble, recovered by Zach Stadther. The Hogs would drive to the one-yard line before the first quarter ended tied scoreless. USC transfer Broderick Green plunged into the end zone to start the second quarter, and gave the Hogs a 7-0 lead. Tebow would fumble again on his ensuing possession, but the Razorbacks could not capitalize. UF receiver Aaron Hernandez would fumble for the third straight Gator possession, but the Hogs were forced to punt. Florida's kicker, Caleb Sturgis, kicked a 30-yard field goal on Florida's next possession to make the game 7-3 in favor of Arkansas.
The Razorbacks drove inside the UF five-yard line before halftime, but could only get a field goal. This gave the Hogs a 10-3 lead at the break, despite missing on every third down conversion.
Following the half time performance, Florida connected on a 51-yard field goal from Sturgis to cut the Razorbacks' lead to 10-6. Tramain Thomas made an outstanding play on UF's Chris Rainey later in the third quarter. He attempted to tackle Rainey in the open field, but fell to the turf. While falling, Thomas kicked the ball cleanly out of Rainey's arm, and it fell right to Thomas. The Hogs took over at Florida's 28-yard line, but missed a short field goal and were forced walk away empty from the encounter.
On Florida's ensuing possession, Tim Tebow connected with Deonte Thompson for a 77-yard touchdown pass. Ramon Broadway was peeking into the backfield on the play, and took a false step towards the line of scrimmage. This allowed Thompson to give the Gators a 13-10 lead. Arkansas replied with a drive fueled mostly by the efforts of Dennis Johnson, who started at running back instead of an injured Michael Smith. The drive's deciding play, however, was when Ryan Mallett missed an open Van Stumon in the end zone. The Hogs did connect on another Tejada field goal, tying the game at 13.
Early in the fourth quarter, Mallett was forced to step up in the pocket and sling a pass to Greg Childs on 3rd and 17. Childs caught the ball and outran several UF defenders to the end zone. It appeared that Childs lost the ball on the one-yard line, but after review it was decided that he maintained possession on the 75-yard scoring play. Arkansas had a 20-13 lead with 9:40 to play.
Florida responded with a 67-yard scoring drive, assisted by a 15-yard pass interference penalty and 15-yard personal foul penalty called consecutivley against Arkansas. The CBS broadcasting team said that the calls were both "questionable". Top-ranked Florida tied the game at 20. The officiating crew was suspended by the Southeastern Conference the following week, and remained on suspension until November 14. Florida coach Urban Meyer later said that the SEC was right by suspending the crew, and Bobby Petrino was reprimanded by the SEC for publicly criticizing the crew after the contest.
Ryan Mallett later led a 56-yard drive to the UF 21-yard line, but Alex Tejada missed a potential game-winning field goal with 3:08 remaining. Tebow and company marched down the field to the Arkansas 10-yard line, finding Riley Cooper for three first downs on the drive. With thirteen seconds to play, Sturgis kicked the game-winning field goal, ending the Razorbacks' upset bid and preserving Florida's homecoming.
Ole Miss.
The Arkansas Razorbacks traveled to Oxford, Mississippi to match up against former coach Houston Nutt.
Jevan Snead opened the scoring for the Ole Miss Rebels, running in from one yard out. The University of Texas transfer also completed a 25-yard touchdown pass to Shay Hodge to take a 14-0 Rebels lead. Ole Miss would also add a field goal from Joshua Shene before Arkansas would dent the scoreboard. Knile Davis rumbled in from three yards out to draw the Razorbacks within 10. Before halftime, Snead lead what looked like a last-minute scoring drive until Arkansas defensive back Jerico Nelson intercepted a pass at the Arkansas six-yard line.
Andru Stewart would intercept another Snead pass early in the third quarter, leading to an Alex Tejada field goal. Ole Miss would respond when Snead hit Dexter McCluster on a screen pass that McCluster took for a 64-yard touchdown. Arkansas would score on the ensuing possession when Ryan Mallett connected with Carlton Salters for a 58-yard touchdown. The ball was intended for Greg Childs, but Childs and two Rebel defenders tipped the ball to an uncovered Salters for the score. The Rebels would add two more Shene field goals to make the final score 30-17. McCluster rushed 22 times for 123 yards. He also caught 7 passes for 137 yards and a touchdown.
Eastern Michigan.
The Eastern Michigan Eagles came to Fayetteville on Halloween to play the Razorbacks on homecoming. Prior to the game, EMU was the top-ranked defense against the pass, but last against the run. The Hogs would be without Michael Smith, who had a hamstring injury, but would regain the services of WR Joe Adams.
Arkansas scored on its first drive when running back Knile Davis took the ball in from six yards out. The Hogs also scored on their next possession, a Broderick Green run over right guard for a touchdown. On the ensuing possession, EMU quarterback Kyle McMahon was intercepted by Freddie Burton, who returned the ball 50 yards for a touchdown. Early in the second quarter, Ryan Mallett would find Joe Adams on a ten-yard crossing pattern for a score. Following a missed Alex Tejada field goal, Patrick Treppa would punt for EMU, leaving the Razorbacks with the ball on their own one-yard line. However, on the next play, Broderick Green broke through the line and rumbled 99 yards for a touchdown. The score was the longest play in Arkansas Razorbacks history, longer than the previous record of 90 yards set by Billy Moore against Tulsa back in 1962. Following another EMU punt, Mallet would find Adams for a 78-yard touchdown pass, giving the Hogs a 42-0 lead as the teams went to halftime. The Razorback defense did not allow EMU a single first down in the first half.
Following the homecoming halftime festivities, Seth Armbrust blocked an Eastern Michigan punt, and scooped it up for a touchdown. At this point, Kyle McMahon began to move the Eagles, scoring on their next two possessions, including a TD pass to Kinsman Thomas for 77 yards. Mallett would respond with a 55-yard bomb to Cobi Hamilton, and Davis capped the drive two plays later to make it a 56-13 game. After another EMU score, Mallett would find Lucas Miller for a sixteen yard score. EMU would tack on another score, but the Razorbacks prevailed in a 63-27 rout.
Mallett finished completing 14 of 16 passes for 249 yards and three touchdowns. Broderick Green had 135 yards on nine rushes, including the 99-yard record-setting score. Joe Adams had 109 yards receiving in his first game after suffering a mild stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="20617921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617921" title="Cathal Ryan Memorial Champion Novice Hurdle">
Cathal Ryan Memorial Champion Novice Hurdle

The Cathal Ryan Memorial Champion Novice Hurdle is a Grade 1 National Hunt hurdle race in Ireland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Punchestown over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs (4,023 metres), and during its running there are twelve hurdles to be jumped. The race is for novice hurdlers, and it is scheduled to take place each year during the Punchestown Festival in late April or early May.
Previous sponsors of the race have included Menolly Homes, Dunboyne Castle Hotel and Land Rover. The present sponsor, Swordlestown Stud, began supporting the race in 2010, and it is now named in memory of the stud's former owner Cathal Ryan.
The field usually includes horses which ran previously in the Neptune Investment Management Novices' Hurdle at Cheltenham, and the last to win both races was Mikael d'Haguenet in 2009.
Records.
Leading jockey since 1995 (6 wins):
Leading trainer since 1995 (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20617923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617923" title="Jerib">
Jerib

The jerib or djerib is a traditional unit of land measurement in the Middle East and southwestern Asia. It is a unit of area used to measure land holdings (real property) in much the way that an acre or hectare are. Like most traditional units of measure, the jerib originally varied substantially from one location to another. However, in the twentieth century, the jerib has been regionally, if not uniformly defined. In many countries where it was traditionally used, it is equated with the hectare, for example in Turkey and Iran. In Afghanistan, however, it is standardized at 2 decares (2000 square meters or 0.494 acre).
The jerib was roughly equivalent to the other customary land measures in south Asia and the Middle East, the Indian "bigha" and the Sumerian "iku", varying between 1,600 and 3,600 m². The word is probably derived from Arabic.
Historical.
The royal enclosure at Isfahan in Iran was named "Hazar Jerib" for the expanse of irrigated acreage, namely 1000 jeribs.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="20617927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617927" title="Chris Niedenthal">
Chris Niedenthal

Chris Niedenthal (born 21 October 1950 in London) is a British-Polish photographer and photojournalist. A member of the Association of Polish Art Photographers, his pictures were published in a number of internationally renowned newspapers and magazines, among them Newsweek, Time, Der Spiegel and Forbes. In 1986 he received the World Press Photo prize for a portrait of János Kádár.
He is best known for his series of photographs documenting life behind the Iron Curtain, as well as the history of Solidarity. His picture of an Armoured Personnel Carrier standing in front of Warsaw's "Moscow" cinema screening "Apocalypse Now" became one of the icons of the Martial Law in Poland.
Biography.
Chris Niedenthal was born 1950 in London, to a family of Polish World War II-era refugees. His father used to be a public prosecutor in Vilna until the war, after 1945 he was forced to settle in the United Kingdom, where he started working for the ministry of education. Niedenthal's mother had been working for the emmigree Polish Telegraphic Agency. He first visited Poland in 1963 and since then he was regularly visiting the country of his parents.
He received his first photographic camera, the Kodak Starmite, at the age of 11. Soon after finishing school he joined the London College of Printing, where he graduated from a three-year photography course. In 1973 he settled in Poland and became a freelancer journalist and photographer for "Newsweek". His first major photoreport featured illegal churches established against the will of the ruling communist party in the People's Republic of Poland. In 1978 Niedenthal was the first to document the town of Wadowice, the hometown of Karol Wojtyła immediately after the latter had been elected pope John Paul II. He also documented the pope's first visit to Poland the following year.
In 1980 Niedenthal, together with Michael Dobbs, were the first foreign journalists to enter the Gdańsk Shipyard during the rise of the Solidarity movement. After the community leadership introduced martial law, Niedenthal was one of very few foreign photographers documenting the reality in Poland for western media. He managed to smuggle many of his pictures abroad, to be published in Germany's "Der Spiegel" or American "Newsweek" and "Time". Among such pictures was one that became an icon of that part of Polish history, depicting a SKOT APC standing in front of a cinema in Warsaw, with a large banner advertising Francis Ford Coppola's "Apocalypse Now" in the background. His 1986 picture of Hungarian communist leader János Kádár made it to the cover of the international edition of TIME magazine and was awarded with the World Press Photo prize for that year.
In 1987 Niedenthal moved to Vienna to work for Time's Eastern European office, but returned to Poland soon afterwards. In 1998 he received Polish citizenship and continues to live in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20617955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617955" title="7th Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
7th Corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The 7th Corps was one of seven corps of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and its headquarters were in Travnik.
History.
This Corps was formed on February 26, 1994. It was created to advance north-westward through southern Bosnia.
Operational Zone.
North-western Bosnia.
Organization 1995.
This Corps, just like the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Corps, was reorganized in January 1995 by adding or transforming operational groups into divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="20617959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617959" title="Dieter Ramusch">
Dieter Ramusch

Dieter Ramusch (born October 31, 1969 in Traundorf bei Globasnitz) is a retired Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20617970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617970" title="This Warm December">
This Warm December

This Warm December: A Brushfire Holiday, Vol. 1 is a compilation album of Christmas songs, released November 11, 2008 by Brushfire Records. The CD contains twelve songs produced by various artists of the Brushfire Records company, including Jack Johnson, G. Love, Matt Costa and Mason Jennings. 25% of the profits from the album will be donated in support of children’s music education.

</doc>
<doc id="20617973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617973" title="Van Buren, Maine">
Van Buren, Maine

Van Buren is a town on the Saint John River in Aroostook County, Maine, United States; located across from Saint-Leonard, New Brunswick, Canada. The population was 2,171 at the 2010 census. It is named after U.S. President Martin Van Buren.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which, of it is land and is water.
Van Buren is connected to Saint Leonard, New Brunswick via the Saint Leonard-Van Buren Bridge.
Schools.
Van Buren is part of the Maine School Administrative District No. 24 school system, which contains Van Buren District Elementary School and Van Buren District Secondary School.
Demographics.
Van Buren is part of Francophone North America: 76.6 per cent of residents are habitual speakers of French. Links with Québec and New Brunswick are consequently strong.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 2,171 people, 1,027 households, and 601 families residing in the town. The population density was . There were 1,184 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the town was 96.9% White, 0.3% African American, 0.4% Native American, 0.1% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.6% of the population.
There were 1,027 households of which 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.1% were married couples living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 41.5% were non-families. 36.7% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.06 and the average family size was 2.55.
The median age in the town was 51.5 years. 15.9% of residents were under the age of 18; 6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.2% were from 25 to 44; 35.1% were from 45 to 64; and 24.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,631 people, 1,095 households, and 704 families residing in the town. The population density was 77.5 people per square mile (29.9/km²). There were 1,232 housing units at an average density of 36.3 per square mile (14.0/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 98.59% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.30% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.04% from other races, and 0.80% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.72% of the population.
There were 1,095 households out of which 25.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.6% were married couples living together, 9.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.73.
In the town the population was spread out with 19.8% under the age of 18, 5.3% from 18 to 24, 24.5% from 25 to 44, 28.3% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45 years. For every 100 females there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.7 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $20,038, and the median income for a family was $29,458. Males had a median income of $27,411 versus $19,583 for females. The per capita income for the town was $12,651. About 15.2% of families and 22.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.9% of those under age 18 and 14.5% of those age 65 or over.

</doc>
<doc id="20617978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20617978" title="Country House Rescue">
Country House Rescue

Country House Rescue is an observational documentary series which airs on British terrestrial television channel, Channel 4. The series has also aired on BBC Canada, ABC1 in Australia and Living in New Zealand and in South Africa.
In each episode, an expert visits a struggling country house and tries to turn its fortunes by giving advice and suggestions to the owner/s. The first four series saw Ruth Watson in this role. The fifth series, airing from June 2012, saw Simon Davis take the role.
The series premiered in December 2008, and gained audiences of up to 2.7 million on its first run. In March 2009, it was reported that a second series of "Country House Rescue" featuring Ruth Watson had been commissioned by Channel 4, to be filmed in HD. The second series was originally planned to return for an extended 14 episode run, in early 2010, however 3 episodes (all revisits of houses previously featured) were brought forward, and aired during November and December 2009 as a mini-series. The second series of new episodes aired throughout Spring 2010, and the third series aired throughout Spring 2011. From August 2011, a further series of revisits of houses previously featured aired, though the series began with a previously unaired episode from series two. However, Watson stated on her own website that she would not present any more series of "Country House Rescue" in the future. In November 2011, Channel 4 announced that Simon Davis would present the 4th series to be broadcast in Spring 2012.
The series is narrated by Hugh Bonneville.

</doc>
<doc id="20618037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618037" title="Gastrocopta contracta">
Gastrocopta contracta

Gastrocopta contracta, common name the bottleneck snaggletooth, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in eastern North America from Mexico to the USA, east of the Rocky Mountains, and in Canada in Manitoba (at Carberry) Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20618061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618061" title="Benn's Island">
Benn's Island

Benn's Island, previously named Church Eyot, Kember’s Eyot and sometimes referred to as Benn's Ait, is a private and very small ait (island) close to the Middlesex bank of the River Thames at Hampton, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in England, on the reach above Molesey Lock. The water between the island and the Middlesex bank is shallow, but navigable with care to small vessels.
In the 19th century the island was used by the then Thames Valley Sailing Club, currently based on Sunbury Lock Ait, whose then headquarters were a houseboat moored at Benn's Island and which was destroyed by fire in 1900. Since 1945 it has been leased by Hampton Sailing Club. During 1962 the clubhouse was built on the piles at Benn’s Island. Extensive building works and piling make any casual observer believe that the island is wholly artificial, but these are substantial extensions.
The clubhouse is linked to Benn's Alley, a narrow slipway on the northern bank by a manually operated pedestrian chain ferry at the downstream end. Hampton Ferry connecting to Molesey operates to the east of the island using a separate set of steps or slipway and directly facing to St Mary's Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20618080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618080" title="Michael Wagner (footballer)">
Michael Wagner (footballer)

Michael Wagner (born December 18, 1975) is an Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20618103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618103" title="Camphora">
Camphora

Camphora may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20618109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618109" title="Sarxanbəyli">
Sarxanbəyli

Sarxanbəyli (also, Sərxanbəyli, Sarkhan-Beyli, and Sarykhanbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,637.

</doc>
<doc id="20618162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618162" title="Michael Hatz">
Michael Hatz

Michael Hatz (born November 17, 1970 in Vienna) is a retired Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20618179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618179" title="Sharon Bulova">
Sharon Bulova

Sharon Bulova is the current chairman of the Fairfax County, Virginia Board of Supervisors. She was first elected Chairman in a special election on February 23, 2009. Sharon Bulova was reelected Chairman of the Board of Supervisors on November 8, 2011. Prior to serving as Chairman, she was Supervisor of the Braddock District from 1988 until 2009. Chairman Bulova also chairs the budget committee.
Priorities.
Sharon Bulova's top transportation priority as Chairman is Rail to Dulles, the effort to extend the new Metrorail Silver Line through Tysons to Dulles Airport 
Chairman Bulova was instrumental in the development of the vision for the transformation of Tysons Corner into a successful mixed use, transit-oriented community. Chairman Bulova has worked to address transportation challenges and revitalization opportunities associated with BRAC (Base Realignment and Closure) in the South County area of Fairfax.
Chairman Bulova is committed to providing Bus-Rapid-Transit throughout Fairfax County, including on the new Beltway HOT lanes and the I-66 corridor. Increasing the availability and efficiency of service on the CONNECTOR and Metro bus routes counywide is also a high priority.
Working with elected officials in neighboring jurisdictions, Chairman Bulova remains committed to energy efficiency and sustainability in Fairfax County.
Regional Leadership.
In the summer of 2004, Sharon Bulova was appointed by then Governor Mark Warner to chair the Governor's Commission on Rail Enhancement for the 21st Century in the Commonwealth of Virginia, which recommended the creation of a State Rail Advisory Board. She was subsequently elected the first chairman of that board.
Chairman Bulova was a member and past Chairman of the Northern Virginia regional Commission where she worked on regional solutions to challenges facing the Washington Metro area.
In 2009, Sharon Bulova served as chairman of the Council of Government's "Greater Washington 2050 Coalition." This effort resulted in the adoption of a Regional Compact signed by all 21 of COG's area jurisdiction. Chairman Bulova received an award from the National Capital Area Chapter of the American Planning Association for her leadership in chairing the Greater Washington 2050 Coalition.
In 2011, Sharon Bulova was named one of Washington's 100 Most Powerful Women by the Washingtonian Magazine.
Chairman Bulova is a member, and past chairman, of the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission. She is a founding member of the VRE commuter rail system.
In November 2011, Bulova received the Tower of Dulles award from the Committee for Dulles for her work to bring Metrorail to Dulles International Airport.
Community Efforts.
Chairman Bulova initiated a Private Sector Energy Task Force consisting of corporate, institutional, and community leaders. The task force is charged with defining a strategy to position Fairfax County as a leader in the areas of energy efficiency, sustainability, and green technology.
The Business Roundtable Discussion Group was put together by Chairman Bulova to identify stategies for accelerating economic recovery in Fairfax County. In addition, the group is tasked with finding new economic development opportunities that include energy efficiency, conservation, and affordable housing strategies.
Chairman Bulova put together a task force for the Fairfax County Asian American History Project. In May 2010, this task force produced a book and a website which captures the history of Asian-Americans in Fairfax County.
Chairman Bulova founded the Faith Communities in Action. This countywide network encourages faith communities and charitable non-profit organizations to work in partnership with local government to better respond to the needs of the community.
Chairman Bulova is also on the governing board of the Fairfax County Initiative to Prevent and End Homelessness.
Chairman Bulova regularly engages constituents in Community Dialogues and Task Forces and publishes a monthly Bulova Byline electronic newsletter.

</doc>
<doc id="20618199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618199" title="Madawaska, Maine">
Madawaska, Maine

Madawaska is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The population was 4,035 at the 2010 census. Madawaska is opposite Edmundston in Madawaska County in New Brunswick, Canada, to which it is connected by the Edmundston-Madawaska Bridge over the Saint John River. Today many of its residents speak French; 83.4% of the population speak French at home. Home of a large annual Acadian festival, Madawaska is the northernmost town in New England.
History.
During the early colonial period, Madawaska was a meeting place and hunting/fishing area for the Maliseet (Wolastoqiyik) nation. Later, it was at the center of the bloodless Aroostook War. The final border between the two countries was established with the Webster-Ashburton Treaty of 1842, which gave Maine most of the disputed area, and gave the British a militarily vital connection between the province of Québec and the province of New Brunswick. Unfortunately, many families were left divided after the settlement.
Economy.
Madawaska is a rural town whose economy centers on the Saint John River paper industry. The river historically provided water power for the mills and was the route of log drives bringing pulpwood from upstream forests. The river still provides the water supply for paper manufacture, but environmental concerns encourage pulpwood delivery by highway and rail. Canadian corporation Twin Rivers (originally Fraser Papers) has a large facility located in Madawaska which processes the pulp produced by the mill's main plant in Edmundston. The pulp is shipped across the border through a mile-long high pressure pipeline running between both facilities, and is made into paper in Madawaska. The Madawaska mill specializes in fine-grade papers. The town's economy is highly dependent upon cross-border trade, to the extent that Madawaska and its larger sister city of Edmundston are considered by residents under many aspects, a single economic entity.
Madawaska is also home to the St. John Valley Times, a popular weekly newspaper circulated across Aroostook County.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which, of it is land and is water. Madawaska is located beside the St. John River, the Canada – United States border. The town is served by U.S. Route 1.
Demographics.
2010 census.
As of the census of 2010, there were 4,035 people, 1,983 households, and 1,128 families residing in the town. The population density was . There were 2,398 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the town was 98.4% White, 0.2% African American, 0.5% Native American, 0.2% Asian, and 0.6% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.5% of the population.
There were 1,983 households of which 20.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.2% were married couples living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 3.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.1% were non-families. 38.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 19.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.00 and the average family size was 2.62.
The median age in the town was 51.2 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 4.4% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 18.5% were from 25 to 44; 34.1% were from 45 to 64; and 26.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the town was 49.1% male and 50.9% female.
2000 census.
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,534 people, 1,993 households, and 1,301 families residing in the town. The population density was 81.5 people per square mile (31.5/km²). There were 2,362 housing units at an average density of 42.4 per square mile (16.4/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 98.08% White, 0.15% Black, 0.44% Native American, 0.68% Asian, 0.09% from other races, and 0.55% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.20% of the population.
There were 1,993 households out of which 26.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were married couples living together, 6.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.7% were non-families. 30.8% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.22 and the average family size was 2.77.
In the town the population was spread out with 20.4% under the age of 18, 5.2% from 18 to 24, 25.3% from 25 to 44, 30.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 91.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.1 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $30,994, and the median income for a family was $42,269. Males had a median income of $46,117 versus $22,361 for females. The per capita income for the town was $18,552. About 7.5% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.9% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.
Education.
Madawaska's schools serve Madawaska, St. David, and Grand Isle. The Madawaska Elementary School has students from pre-kindergarten through the 5th grade. Madawaska Middle/High School contains grades 6 through 12.
References.
Texts
Endnotes

</doc>
<doc id="20618210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618210" title="Inambari River">
Inambari River

The Inambari River in southeastern Peru flows from the Cordillera Apolobamba in the Andes to the Madre de Dios River. The river spans the Puno and Madre de Dios regions.
Tributaries include the rivers Yanaqucha, Pukaramayu, Mancuari, Wila Uma, Blanco, San Bartolome, Yawarmayu and Winchusmayu. The Inambari passes through the towns of Cuyocuyo, Sandia and Massiapo, Pacaysuizo, Isilluma and St. Helena.

</doc>
<doc id="20618228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618228" title="Lamar Heystek">
Lamar Heystek

Lamar Heystek (born February 17, 1979), American politician, was a member of the Davis, California City Council from 2006 to 2010.
He was born in San Leandro, California, was educated at University of California, Davis and served as the coordinator of Youth Programs at the Yolo Family Resource Center.
Personal Life and Education.
Lamar grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area and attended San Leandro High School. He is a graduate of UC Davis, where he earned his B.A. Degree and M.A. Degree in Political Science and Linguistics. He taught as a lecturer of Linguistics at UC Davis and served the city of Davis on several municipal boards, including the City of Davis Recreation & Park Commission, Open Space Commission, and Finance & Budget Commission.
Lamar is the son of René and Yeap Nee Heystek. His father, René, was interned in a concentration camp with his family during the Japanese occupation of the Dutch East Indies in World War II. In 1959, René Heystek settled in San Leandro, California, where President John F. Kennedy’s call to service inspired him to join the Peace Corps. On his mission to Malaysia, René Heystek met Yeap Nee Cheam, and they married in 1976. After returning from Malaysia, René began a career as a teacher in the Oakland Unified School District in 1977 and retired in 1999. This tradition of service inspired all three of his children to follow in his footsteps: Lamar Heystek’s siblings are United States Marine Corps Staff Sergeant Loretta Heystek and two-term San Leandro School Board Member Louis Heystek, his twin brother.
In 1997, Heystek became an active union member with the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 588. He worked for Safeway until 2006, when he resigned to run for city council.
Political career.
City Council.
On June 6, 2006, Lamar Heystek was elected to the Davis City Council, a major victory for the student vote, as he presented himself as a councilmember that would pay attention to the needs of the students, who are a significant portion of the Davis voting population.
As a member of the city council, Heystek was a proponent of smart growth and sustainable development, and defended renters' rights, having voted to prohibit landlords from forcing renters to remove political signs from their windows.
The modified Davis City Code reads as follows:
(8) Not withstanding any lease to the contrary, no landlord or lessor shall prohibit a tenant lawfully in possession from posting political signs. Political signs may be posted or displayed in the window, on the balcony, or on the door of the premises leased by the tenant in a multifamily dwelling, or from the yard, window, door, balcony, or outside wall of the premises leased by a tenant of a single-family dwelling.
Heystek believed that open space in Davis should be preserved for green technology startup companies, and supported more lower and middle-class home ownership opportunities in Davis. Heystek also advocated for limits on home appreciation amounts as an alternative to sprawl.
One of Heystek's biggest fights on the city council involved his support for a living wage ordinance. During his successful city council race in 2006, he framed the issue of living wages as one of social justice. In 2006, he introduced an ordinance that would require billion-dollar retail employers to provide their employees with living wages.
Heystek's plan called for a living wage of $14.21 per hour without health coverage, or $12.71 per hour with health coverage.
" “Companies that have huge yearly profits can well afford to treat their employees fairly and pay them a living wage,”"
""This should be more than symbolic, this should actually help people."
""This would enable our most vulnerable population to afford our most affordable housing."
“"Employees of big-box retailers often depend on public health care, subsidized housing and other taxpayer-funded services. That’s an indirect subsidy of large corporations. When all companies pay a living wage, it levels the playing field for companies that behave responsibly.”"
"-"Heystek on the living wage ordinance
Heystek offered the following opinion on California's Proposition 83, which requires lifetime GPS monitoring for felony registered Sex Offenders, and increases penalties for violent sex offenders and child molesters:
"I am not sure whether all these individuals would be subject to GPS tracking provision of Proposition 83, but allowing local law enforcement officials to know whether high-risk offenders are deliberately approaching schools, parks and other sensitive areas in Davis makes sense. My concern is that the emphasis should be on prevention not just through legal consequences, but also through clinical intervention."

</doc>
<doc id="20618246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618246" title="Twistane">
Twistane

Twistane (IUPAC name: tricyclo[4.4.0.03,8]decane) is an organic compound with the formula C10H16. It is a cycloalkane and an isomer of the simplest diamondoid, adamantane, and like adamantane, is not very volatile. Twistane was named for the way its rings are permanently forced into the cyclohexane conformation known as the "twist-boat".
Synthesis.
Twistane has been synthesized in a variety of ways. One path is by the intramolecular aldol condensation of a "cis"-decalin diketone. It is formed when basketane is hydrogenated.
Symmetry.
Although twistane has four stereocenters, it only exists as two enantiomers. This is because it is symmetric along its C2 axis.

</doc>
<doc id="20618258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618258" title="Super grid (disambiguation)">
Super grid (disambiguation)

Super grid usually refers to a wide area electricity network connecting large geographic areas into a single unified system.
Super grid may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20618290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618290" title="Jay Spearing">
Jay Spearing

Jay Francis Spearing (born 25 November 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bolton Wanderers.
Career.
Liverpool.
Reserves (2007–2010).
Raised in Wallasey, Merseyside, Spearing was the captain of the Liverpool Under 18s who won the FA Youth Cup in 2007. He featured the previous season in the final against Manchester City, but missed the majority of the season due to a broken leg. Spearing was promoted to Melwood in the summer of 2007, to train with the Liverpool first team, after impressing in the club's Academy. He has been involved with his boyhood club since he was seven years old. He was voted the best player in the Torneo di Renate, a competition for under-20 sides, competing against clubs such as A.C. Milan and Parma. He was also part of the Reserve side which won the Premier Reserve League in the 2007–08 season.
2008–09 season.
Spearing made his competitive first team debut on 9 December 2008, coming on as a substitute in a 3–1 UEFA Champions League win against PSV Eindhoven. Spearing also appeared in the Reds' 4–0 win over Real Madrid in the second round of the Champions League.
On 31 March 2009, Rafael Benítez announced that he would be offering Spearing a new contract, alongside fellow home-grown youngster Stephen Darby. On 6 July 2009 Spearing agreed to a new three-year contract with Liverpool.
Loan move to Leicester City.
On 22 March 2010, Liverpool confirmed Spearing would join Championship club Leicester City on loan until the end of the 2009–10 season, linking up with former Liverpool reserve team mate Jack Hobbs. His debut came two days later, starting in the Foxes' 2–1 Championship loss to Reading. His last game for Leicester was on 12 May in the Championship Play-off semi-final, with Leicester winning 3–2, but it wasn't enough to reach the final. He made nine appearances for Leicester and scored his only goal for the club in the 4–1 home win against Watford.
2010–11 season.
He was included in Liverpool's 21-man squad for the 2010–11 Premier League season. Spearing started and played the full 90 minutes in the opening leg of Liverpool's UEFA Europa League qualifier against Rabotnicki, and came on as a substitute at Anfield in the second leg. On 16 September, he again played the full 90 minutes in the Reds' opening group game against Steaua Bucaresti, his first ever start at Anfield, setting up David N'Gog for the fourth and final goal as Liverpool won 4–1. On 22 September, he was involved in Liverpool's shock League Cup third round exit to League Two side Northampton Town; Liverpool losing 4–2 on penalties after a 2–2 draw. On 21 October, he played the full 90 minutes in Liverpool's third group stage tie, a 0–0 draw with a Napoli side who have former Liverpool left-back Andrea Dossena. He was an unused substitute in Liverpool's 1–0 Premier League win against Bolton Wanderers at the Reebok Stadium on 31 October. Spearing came on in the 90th minute of Liverpool's 2–0 victory over Chelsea on 7 November 2010, instantly making an impact by playing a through ball to assist a Maxi Rodríguez effort. On 20 November, it was reported that Spearing had broken his ankle in training and would be out for up to six weeks.
Spearing made his first appearance of 2011 against Everton on 16 January. In the post-match interview, Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish praised the young midfielder and joked that Steven Gerrard may never get into the first team again. On 20 March, Spearing started another league game away to Sunderland. Spearing won a penalty, which was converted by Dirk Kuyt to put Liverpool 1–0 up and was generally praised for his great performance.
Spearing then went on the secure a first team berth with the absence of Steven Gerrard and out of favour Christian Poulsen. For the remnants of the Premier League season, he formed an excellent midfield partnership with the resurgent Lucas Leiva. Against Arsenal on 17 April, Spearing gave away a 98th minute penalty which Robin Van Persie scored to make the game 1–0. The match finished 1–1. Despite this, Spearing won the MOTM award from Sky Sports TV and was praised after the game for his determination, work-rate and battling performance; traits that epitomised his successful run in the starting eleven. He received the journalists' MOTM award on the official Liverpool website 3 times during the season.
In May 2011 the club announced that he had extended his contract, and as a result of wide critical acclaim for his sterling performances for Liverpool, Spearing was included in England U21's provisional 40-man-squad for the 2011 Summer U21 European Championship, with fellow Liverpool player Andy Carroll.
2011–12 season.
From 8 July 2011, Jay Spearing will now wear the number 20 for the 2011–12 season with his old number 26 being registered to Charlie Adam.
Despite his highly-praised performances at the end of last season, Spearing immediately fell down the pecking order in Liverpool's midfield after the arrival of midfielders Adam, Jordan Henderson and Stewart Downing. On 20 July 2011, it was widely reported that Spearing would consider an option to move to Wolverhampton Wanderers on loan but the club rejected their approach, stating that Spearing was in their plans. Spearing later dismissed the rumour saying he was willing to fight for his place in the starting XI. He made his first start of the season against Exeter City in the League Cup on 24 August 2011. The result ended in a 3–1 victory for Liverpool. Though by his own admission he has not featured as much as he would have liked in the opening months of the season, he has continued to impress when called upon, with Kenny Dalglish calling his performance in the 2–0 win against Chelsea in the League Cup "superb". Spearing was sent off for the first time in his professional career during Liverpool's 1–0 loss to Fulham on 5 December.
2012–13 season.
New manager Brendan Rodgers described Spearing as a "very good player with great qualities" who has "The soul of the club in his heart". He started the first competitive game of the season in the Europa League qualifier against FC Gomel, playing the full 90 minutes, and made a substitute appearance in the return leg at Anfield. His final appearance of the season for Liverpool came as a start in the 1–0 victory against Hearts in a Europa League qualifier on 23 August 2012.
Loan move to Bolton Wanderers.
On 31 August 2012, Spearing joined Championship side Bolton Wanderers on a season-long loan deal. His debut came a day later in Bolton's 3–1 defeat against Hull City. He scored his first goal for Bolton on 20 October as Bolton beat Bristol City 3–2, in which he scored Bolton's second goal, an equaliser. Whilst at Bolton, Spearing became a fan favourite due to his consistency and bulldog-like performances in midfield. On 25 April 2013, Spearing was named the Bolton Wanderers Supporters Association (BWSA) player of the season. This was followed on 20 May with him being named the club's player of the season.
Return to Liverpool.
At the conclusion of Bolton's season in the Championship, Spearing returned to Anfield. Although he did not feature in any of the club's remaining fixtures, he was present in the guard of honour for the retiring Jamie Carragher in the last game of the Premier League season against QPR.
In July 2013, a 1.75 million pounds bid was submitted by Championship side Blackburn Rovers for Spearing, which was subsequently accepted by Liverpool. However, the Rovers failed to agree terms with Spearing and the deal fell through.
Spearing has since featured in Liverpool's first pre-season friendly of the summer against Preston North End and was also included in the squad for the club's Summer Tour. In August 2013, Spearing was told by the club that he is free to leave Liverpool, and Liverpool entered talks with Bolton for a possible transfer back to the Reebok.
Bolton Wanderers.
On 8 August 2013, it was announced that a deal was struck between Liverpool and Bolton subject to a medical on the same afternoon. It was confirmed on the 9 August that Spearing had agreed a four year deal for an undisclosed fee and he made his debut the following day in the 1–1 home draw against Reading, in which he got Man of the Match.
In September 2013, he was handed the captaincy at Bolton, usually whenever Zat Knight found himself out of the first eleven.
Personal life.
He was born in Arrowe Park Hospital on the Wirral and attended St. George's Primary School and The Mosslands School in Wallasey, United Kingdom. He and his girlfriend Jade have a daughter, Freya, who was born in Autumn 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20618309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618309" title="Robert Ibertsberger">
Robert Ibertsberger

Robert Ibertsberger (born January 20, 1977) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager. He is the brother of Andreas Ibertsberger. He had to retire in 2004 due to serious knee injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20618311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618311" title="Fox Hills Resort">
Fox Hills Resort

Fox Hills Resort is a hotel and conference center located in the town of Mishicot, Wisconsin. It currently has a 45 hole golf course on of land, making it one of the largest in the state of Wisconsin.
Hotel and Villas.
The current number of hotel rooms and villa suites available on the resort is 336.
Pro Shops.
There are two pro shops on the resort: Fox Creek, which also has a restaurant located in it, and the National. The Fox Creek plays host to the original 27 holes of golf on the resort. The National is located on the south end of the resort and provides services to the 18 holes of golf on the traditional, Scottish links, National Course.

</doc>
<doc id="20618316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618316" title="11th parallel north">
11th parallel north

The 11th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 11 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, the Indian Ocean, South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Central America, South America and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 12 hours, 46 minutes during the summer solstice and 11 hours, 29 minutes during the winter solstice.
In Thailand, a 1966 cabinet resolution restricts the rights of non-Thai companies to conduct mineral exploration or mining operations north of this parallel.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 11° north passes through:
As a border.
The border between Ghana and what was then French Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) was fixed by treaty between the French and British at the Conference of Paris in 1898, to be the 11th parallel. The border does not follow the boundary exactly, but follows it approximately, crossing over it several times.

</doc>
<doc id="20618329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618329" title="Həsənli, Salyan">
Həsənli, Salyan

Həsənli is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,855.

</doc>
<doc id="20618355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618355" title="Birinci Varlı">
Birinci Varlı

Birinci Varlı is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,069.

</doc>
<doc id="20618361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618361" title="Qardili">
Qardili

Qardili is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,263.

</doc>
<doc id="20618366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618366" title="Nadigai">
Nadigai

Nadigai is a 2008 Tamil film released on 28 November 2008. Babu Ganesh and Tejashree are in the lead roles. This Movie was directed by Babu Ganesh. Babu Ganesh scored music for this film.

</doc>
<doc id="20618367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618367" title="Aşağı Kürkəndi">
Aşağı Kürkəndi

Aşağı Kürkəndi is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,314.

</doc>
<doc id="20618371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618371" title="Yolüstü, Salyan">
Yolüstü, Salyan

Yolüstü is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,587.

</doc>
<doc id="20618377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618377" title="Bəydili, Salyan">
Bəydili, Salyan

Bəydili is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 449.

</doc>
<doc id="20618382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618382" title="İkinci Varlı">
İkinci Varlı

İkinci Varlı is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 822.

</doc>
<doc id="20618479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618479" title="S. Thomas' College, Gurutalawa">
S. Thomas' College, Gurutalawa

S. Thomas' College, Gurutalawa is a private school situated in the town of Gurutalawa in the Uva Province of Sri Lanka. It is an Anglican school administrated by the Church of Ceylon.
Administration.
The College forms a branch of S. Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia, which is under the Anglican Church of Ceylon, is run by a Board of Governors which is chaired by the Anglican Bishop of Colombo, who is also known as the "Visitor of the College". The administration of the College in itself is headed by a headmaster who is an Anglican priest. Admission to the College is at the sole discretion of the headmaster.
History.
In 1942 the S. Thomas' College at Gurutalawa was started by Dr. R.L. Hayman as a branch of the S. Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia. A farm with some land and buildings was donated to the college by Mr. & Mrs. Leslie de Saram.
Due to the Japanese war threats to Colombo, during the World War II, the State Council decided in February 1942 to close all schools in the Colombo District. There were over 700 boys at STC, Mount Lavinia and as the Warden explored possibilities of opening branches inland, Mr. and Mrs. Leslie De Seram made the generous offer of their farm at Gurutalawa.
Current status.
The College is a fully fledged school catering to extracurricular activities with a swimming pool and has facilities for nearly all sports including athletics, cricket, basketball, rugby, volleyball, squash, soccer, table tennis, hockey, badminton, swimming as well as activities like scouting, hiking and trekking. There is also the encouragement for a variety of societies and clubs, debating, oratory,
oriental dancing and music.

</doc>
<doc id="20618496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618496" title="Kaisa Ye Pyar Hai">
Kaisa Ye Pyar Hai

Kaisa Ye Pyar Hai was an Indian romantic drama-series that aired on Sony TV, produced by Balaji Telefilms, starring (Iqbal Khan) as Angad Khanna and (Neha Bamb) as Kripa Sharma. It is still remembered as the DDLJ of TV and remains to be a 'hot' fan favourite TV series. The story revolves around two core characters Angad and Kripa, who face many such challenges and obstacles in their way to unity and togetherness. A fraction of the story is based on the classic novel Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë. The story therefore focuses very strongly on the Byronic hero Angad, portrayed by Iqbal Khan, who presents the same flair, passion and vulnerability as Heathcliff. The show was an instant hit due to the sizzling chemistry between the two leading stars and has been re-aired on television through fan requests, multiple times.
Plot.
It is the classic love story of two unique individuals, Angad & Kripa - as different as chalk and cheese, yet destined to fall in love.
This is a tale of love and romance laced with high ambitions, smoldering passions, conflicting values and the sweet trials and tribulations of lovers. Breaking away from stereotypical love stories, (Kaisa Ye Pyar Hai) with its believable characters and relatable story. Blended with desires, motivation, trauma, pain, challenges yet it was intensely passionate and effective as a romantic show.
Summary.
Kripa Sharma (Neha Bamb), lives in a small hill station of Nainitaal. She has a passion for music and also is deeply and blindly in love with a very famous, young and dashing singer: Angad Khanna (Iqbal Khan), from Mumbai. She travels to Mumbai to join the Soul Music Academy which belongs to the Khannas in the hope of seeing Angad. Kripa and Angad's families are old family friends; she stays in Angad's farmhouse but is unable to see or meet him and is treated like dirt by his rich and arrogant family members except for his grandmother. One night Angad lands up drunk in the outhouse, stumbles upon Kripa, at that very moment is caught in a media fiasco which later is sorted out by the Khannas.
Kripa is crestfallen by their first meeting. Another night she sees Angad having a fling with a random girl in the outhouse. She hears Angad saying that he thinks "Love is a commodity" and only pretends that love is beautiful to preserve his public reputation. Kripa is in despair, since Angad was poles apart to the image of him in her head. She now hates him, refuses to acknowledge him when she officially gets to meet him. Than one day Kripa gets an offer to tryout for a concert with Angad. While she is rehearsing, Angad misbehaves with her. Kripa slaps him in outrage. Angad is furious and treats her disdainfully. Kripa refuses to do the concert but is forced into a contract by the Khannas. Kripa and Angad deeply hated each other during rehearsals, while their concert was a huge hit. Kripa befriends the Khanna business partner Prithvi Bose (Amit Tandon) who reciprocates her love, but they get into a love triangle: Prithvi loves Kripa, Prithvi's younger sister, Mishti Bose, loves Angad, but Angad comes to love Kripa as they get to know each other during their other meetings after the concert, mostly in form of a hateful interaction but, as they say, 'opposites attract'.
One night, Kripa and Prithvi's parents arranges for their engagement, but after Angad confesses his love to Kripa, she tells Prithvi she cannot marry him as she does not love him. There starts a beautiful love story between Angad and Kripa, but many people are upset with their relationship, like Naina Khanna (Angad's mother) Mishti and Prithvi. Naina hates Kripa because she does not belong to their high status: She plots to break them up. Naina shows Angad some false evidences indicating that Kripa and Prithvi are having an affair. This angers Angad, and he comes to believe that Kripa is a conniving girl out to get his money. He breaks all ties with Kripa, insults her, and gets engaged to Mishti. Kripa, hurt and pregnant with Angad's child, is depressed and decides to stay away from Angad. Prithvi and Angad's grandmother are her only support. Alia (Angad's cousin) enters and shows Angad how he was presented with false evidences. He leaves Mishti on the day of his wedding to go to Kripa. Meanwhile, Kripa has a miscarriage and loses her baby. Kripa decides to strengthen herself, and is out to avenge Angad for all the pains he gave her. Kripa vows to destroy Angad, and Angad silently agrees as he is madly in love with her and wants to redeem himself. He asks his best friend Josh to help Kripa become successful by accompanying her in the concerts, who himself is a famous rock singer. Kripa does become successful, Angad becomes a flop singer, and is considered unprofessional which he deliberately caused to himself so that Kripa can rise. One day, Josh tells Kripa everything, how Angad was lied to, and how he destroyed himself after realizing his mistake. Kripa forgives Angad and decides to help him rise to fame once again. However, she is engaged to Prithvi, who helped her in all her troubled times. Hence, she decides to marry Prithvi.
Angad starts to regain his success after doing a show with Kripa who herself is successful. Prithvi and Kripa's wedding preparations begins, but Josh tries out everything to make Kripa realize she should marry Angad and not Prithvi. Prithvi sacrifices, and breaks his engagement with Kripa. Angad and Kripa reunite, and one of Angad's ex-girlfriends named Simone comes back into city, but is now shown as the love interest of Prithvi. Few days after, Angad narrowly escapes someone's several attempts to kill him. Kripa suspects Josh, due to some staged evidences by the real culprit, she goes on to tell Angad, which creates differences between Josh & Angad, but they are cleared up soon. Josh finds out Prithvi was the one trying to kill Angad in his obsession with Kripa. Josh confronts Prithvi, but is murdered by him, unable to tell anyone about Prithvi's evil shades. Angad is accused & arrested for Josh's murder. Initially Kripa believes Angad is innocent and hires a lawyer named Shabbir Allywaliya (Rohit Bakshi) for Angad, who becomes his best friend afterwards. But then, Simone lies her how she had a one night stand with Angad. Kripa then believes Angad is untrustworthy, a liar, and testifies against him in court. Angad is heart broken, and sentenced to jail.
One year later, in Dubai, Kripa is married to Prithvi but did not consummate their marriage. Kripa repeatedly gets haunted by an Angad lookalike in Dubai, but no one believes her. Prithvi finds out from Mumbai Police that Angad met with an accident while transferring him to another jail, and is dead. Kripa is shattered as she never stopped loving Angad. But soon, Zaib, a dashing new singer enters their lives, who is Angad's lookalike. Everyone believes & tries to prove that Zaib is actually Angad, but instead he succeeds in proving he is Zaib. Although Zaib admits to Kripa that he is none other than Angad, who escaped from the staged accident with the help of Shabbir. Angad/Zaib starts mentally torturing Kripa in revenge for sending him to jail, as he was more hurt by Kripa not trusting him, than by the murder charge. In Mumbai, Angad/Zaib gets engaged to Mishti, only so that he can stay close to the Bose family and ruin Kripa's married life. After a number of clashes with each other, when Angad seems to be succeeding in breaking her marriage, Kripa retaliates by sleeping with her husband Prithvi in front of Angad. Angad who still loves her is devastated, in anger he plays his last card to finally break her marriage. He declares that he (Zaib) is actually Angad, and falsely proves to Prithvi that Kripa & Angad were already married and seeing each other behind his back. Prithvi is desolated and depressed, and he divorces Kripa.
Angad forces Kripa into marriage with him, she takes up the challenge and both gets married just to destroy each other. After miniseries of battles to make each other's lives a living hell, Kripa sorts out her misunderstandings with Prithvi. One night, angered by Kripa’s lie to his family about his impotence, Angad forces himself on Kripa, but at the end he let her go. Angad is sorry, Kripa angry & shattered by his violence she continues to live with him but abstains anymore interactions with him. Kripa does a singing concert for Prithvi’s company on the same day of Angad’s concert, Angad is broken down to see his wife sing for someone else, and in drunken status he declares he would kill Prithvi. Threatened by Angad's outrage Kripa re-opens Josh's murder case in the hopes of getting Angad into Jail, and getting back with Prithvi. During court sessions Angad finds out from Alia that despite Kripa's belief that Angad had betrayed her love one year ago, she married Prithvi only to help out Angad's(Khanna) family business which went to huge losses at that point of time, and only Prithvi could help them regain profits. Angad in return decides to reduce Kripa's difficulties by admitting to the murder charge he never committed, and he is sentenced to jail once again. But soon with the help of Shabbir & Alia, eventually Kripa discovers Angad did not sleep with Simone one year ago, but it was all staged by Prithvi who is obsessively in love with Kripa. Also that Prithvi murdered Josh and framed Angad. Prithvi once confronted, is shot by police for his violent outburst and ends up in a Coma. Angad is free from jail, he forgives Kripa and they start their new journey of marriage filled with love.
Kripa soon finds out that she is pregnant with Prithvi's child but Angad misunderstands as his own. Conflicts continue between them when Kripa first hides the pregnancy truth to Angad, secondly due to her successful career whereas Angad's career was not doing well. And later Mishti's return into their life & her affiliation with Angad upsets Kripa. Gradually their relationship gets better. Angad once again framed in a court case with a rape charge, Kripa in confusion testifies against him. However, it is proved that Mishti had framed him to avenge the couple because Angad never loved her back, and for her brother Prithvi's loss. Angad wins the case but is furious at Kripa for once again for not trusting him, and wants her out of his life. This time not to forgive her. They have a breakup. Kripa leaves the house heartbroken, and leaves behind her newborn with Angad since he loves the baby like his own flesh and blood. Kripa goes to Mussoorie to work for the rich businessman Nishant Saxena(Hiten Tejwani), while she is pregnant with Angad's child who she names Prateek. Angad oblivious to the fact that Kripa is expecting his child, raises Prithvi and Kripa's daughter Sur as his own. Kanan (Gauri Pradhan Tejwani)a former singer enters and works as Angad's manager cum friend, and falls in love with him.
Five years pass — Angad blocks down Kripa's memories and once again becomes the super successful & Casanova rockstar who disapproves of love, but loves his daughter Sur most in the world. While Kripa is a less stubborn, mature and a beautiful mother to Prateek and the governess cum a family member of Nishant. Angad and Kripa meet when Nishant merges a part of his business with Angad's, and they move back to Mumbai. Kripa is horrified to find out Angad had spoiled Sur, she tries to reform Sur with the help of Kanan, but Angad hates Kripa's comeback and interference in Sur's life. Few days after, Kripa gets engaged to Nishant, and Angad to Kanan. Angad finds out Prateek is his son, initially he tries out for Prateek's half custody, but one day after they clears a lot of their misunderstandings, Angad desires Kripa back in his life and pressures her to return to him. Nishant who is in love with Kripa, finds out she does not love him and she is given the choice by him to break off the engagement. Angad confesses his love to Kripa but is rejected by her as she decides to help Nishant by faking a wedding with him for the sake of Nishant's aunt with a heart disease, who wishes to see them married. Nishant and Kripa pretends to be married in front of the world, Angad is furious oblivious to the fact. Kripa performs a concert with Angad in Bangalore, which she does to help out Nishant. Kripa reciprocates to Angad's love while returning from Bangalore together, that is when Angad finds out Kripa still loves him and that her marriage with Nishant is not real. They clears their misunderstanding and spend the night together. Angad is happy but Kripa feels she deceived Nishant. This time instead of pressuring her Angad decides to leave her alone, while he is also disowned by his grandmother for betraying Kanan-his fiance. He breaks his engagement with Kanan and goes to Dubai with Sur, away from everyone. Meanwhile Nishant finds out about Angad & Kripa's past and he decides to reunite them. Nishant and Kripa goes to Dubai to find Angad for their reunion plus to save his life, since Kripa receives anonymous calls threatening to kill Angad. Nishant warns Angad about the killer but he decides to perform a public concert. In Concert, Nishant dies while protecting Angad in a shootout caused by none other than Angad's own father Dilip Khanna, and Kripa is devastated. Back in Mumbai, Angad patiently waits for Kripa to return to him, meanwhile she supports Nishant’s family to overcome the misery and also finds out she is pregnant with Angad’s child.
Eventually Angad and Kripa get reunited by Angad & Nishant's families as they were meant to be. In the last episode Kripa is shown giving birth to their second baby-their very first while in love with each other.

</doc>
<doc id="20618529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618529" title="Daddy of 'Em All">
Daddy of 'Em All

"The Daddy of 'Em All" is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb, released in 1957.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, Bruce Eder called "The Daddy of 'Em All" "... one of the great honky tonk long-players of its era."

</doc>
<doc id="20618530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618530" title="Amydrium">
Amydrium

Amydrium is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that is endemic to Southeast Asia. It is distinguished from other members of the tribe Monstereae by having two ovules in each ovary. The seeds tend to be heart shaped. The leaves of "Amydrium" often show fenestration.

</doc>
<doc id="20618542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618542" title="Vata Matanu Garcia">
Vata Matanu Garcia

Vata Matanu Garcia (born 19 March 1961), simply known as Vata, is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a striker.
He spent most of his professional career in Portugal.
Club career.
Born in Damba, Uíge Province, Vata started his football career at Progresso Associação do Sambizanga. After a good run in Portugal with Varzim SC, he caught the eye of top division powerhouse Sport Lisboa e Benfica, signing with the "Reds" for 1988–89 and being crowned the season's top scorer in his first year.
In the following campaign's European Cup campaign, Vata achieved his most (in)famous moment: after the 1–2 defeat at Olympique de Marseille in the semifinals, he scored from a left-side corner kick, putting the ball in the net with his right arm as Benfica won on the away goals rule with that single goal.
After two more seasons in Portugal, with C.F. Estrela da Amadora and S.C.U. Torreense, 38-year-old Vata retired in 1999 after spells with Malta's Floriana Football Club and Gelora Dewata (Indonesia, where he also would act as player-coach). In 1993–94 he also had a brief go at Futsal, in the United States.
As a full-time manager Vata worked with Guntur Bali, winning the league in his only season, and also coaching in that country Mitra Kukar and Kalimantan (in 2004–05). He also worked at the International School in Bali in 2000 and at the European Football Institute in Australia, as a high-performance coach of both the senior and reserve teams.
International career.
Vata was capped 65 times for the Angola national football team, including one 1990 FIFA World Cup qualifying match.

</doc>
<doc id="20618551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618551" title="The Lindens (Bryantown, Maryland)">
The Lindens (Bryantown, Maryland)

The Lindens is a historic home located near Bryantown, Charles County, Maryland. It is a two story frame house built during the second quarter of the 19th century in the Federal style. It is in the double parlor plan with Greek Revival mantels and an exterior double chimney. It overlooks the lower fields of the farm and the Zekiah Swamp. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The letters "JFG" are found carved into the chimney with the date 1840. The house sits on His Lordships Place and is privately owned.

</doc>
<doc id="20618552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618552" title="Gambat">
Gambat

Gambat is a town of Khairpur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 27°21'5N 68°31'12E with an altitude of 47 metres (157 feet). The town is administratively subdivided into two Union councils. This is second largest city of Khairpur District.
Gambat is Taluka Headquarter and Health care provider city of District. Murad High School is one of famous educational institute which was established in the Talpur /Mirs reign of Sindh and has been named HH Mir Murad Ali Khan Talpur. There are two Degree Colleges for girls and boys. Gambat Taluka Hospital is famous for having dialysis facility. Along with a lot private medical centers, the main hospitals are LRBT eye hospital, TB hospital. Latif Cultural and Social Welfare Organization Gambat, Municipality park or Phool Baag (literally Garden of roses) is place to visit in evening, specially in summer. Municipality library also serves number of books and daily newspapers. Library is located in park. Gambat has been of more important as its expansation urbanization touches the National Highway. A number of hotels and restaurant also serves the locals for hoteling. The famous ones are Royal Inn, Taj Mahal and Noorani restaurant. There are number of Marriage lawns on National Highway Bypass. Gambat is linked with Larkana with a newly built bridge over Indus River. Gambat is linked with across Pakistan with Railway and National High Way.

</doc>
<doc id="20618561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618561" title="George Solomos">
George Solomos

George Paul Solomos (September 16, 1925 – November 8, 2010), also known as Themistocles Hoetis from 1948 to 1958, was an American publisher, poet, filmmaker and novelist.
Family background.
G. P. Solomos was born in Detroit in 1925, the youngest of five children of Greek-born parents.
The Solomos family were descendants of tobacco tycoon Count Nicolas Solomonee from Venice. They were olive oil producers who settled in Greece before the end of the Greek War of Independence (1821–1829).
They were relatives of the Greek poet Dionysios Solomos who had lived on the Greek island Zante (Zakynthos) most of his adult life; his most famous poem "Hymn to Liberty" is the Greek National Anthem.
His father had left Sparta because of a family tragedy when he was still a teenager. Having been educated in the English language he decided to make his way to the USA.
His mother - also from Sparta - was taken to the States by her two older brothers for similar tragic reasons as his father.
His parents were introduced on landing in New York about 1910, and decided to marry and stay in the USA for a while.
George Solomos published and wrote under the name "Themistocles Hoetis", the surname of his mother's family, from 1948–1958, after being advised by some relatives that his views could attract trouble for his family.
Early life.
George was born and raised in Detroit; a French - American city which became known as Motor City - the centre of the US car industry - as well as a wellspring of much great popular music; from soul to heavy metal and techno.
Prior to Motown, jazz had moved from up from the clubs of Chicago to Detroit in the 1920s, and George spent much of his teenage years in jazz clubs. His father ran a large Mediterranean delicatessen and general food store on Vermont and Henry Street, right near to Michigan Avenue.
George Solomos joined the USAF at the age of 17 after changing his birth certificate with his father's permission. After a short period of training, he was almost immediately shipped to Britain, where he became a radio operator in an American B-17 Flying Fortress bomber based in an airfield in East Anglia. After his plane was shot down on his eleventh bombing mission to Germany; the crew bailed out of the burning bomber and George ended up landing tangled in the branches of an apple tree in North East France, near to the Belgian / Dutch border. He was rescued by a French grandmother and her granddaughter. After a night in the farmhouse he was passed to the French Resistance.
He was taken on a journey of over 200 miles to a little village north of Paris called Evereux. He stayed in the village with the caretaker of Château de Beaufresne, which had belonged to the famous impressionist painter, Mary Cassatt. The chateau was being used as a residence for German officers. At this point he was given a new - fake - ID card with a swastika stamp. George Solomos was then passed to other members of the Resistance who helped the young airman cross Occupied France and eventually enter Spain, from where he was sent to Gibraltar, and then back to his airbase near Ipswich.
Later life.
From 1948 to 1958 George Solomos used the pen-name "Themistocles Hoetis". A relative had warned him that he could bring shame to the family with his outspoken political views, which had developed in response to both the war and the de-programming that he received back in the USA - a standard "treatment" for all servicemen who had been in close contact with Communists. Under this name he and Albert Beneviste published and edited a magazine called "ZERO; A Review of Literature and Art". The first issue contained the famous attack on Richard Wright by James Baldwin, followed by a short story by Wright. Among the prominent writers featured in the magazine were Samuel Beckett, Paul Bowles, Christopher Isherwood, Kenneth Patchen, and Thomas Mann's eldest son, Klaus Mann. "Zero" Press from 1956 also published novels and a collection of stories by Gore Vidal. The magazine "Zero" ran from 1949 to 1956. Its first two issues were published in Paris in 1949, the rest in Tangiers, Mexico City and in New York.
A first anthology of Zero was published in 1956, another without his involvement in 1974 by the "New York Times".
An additional number was issued in Philadelphia in 1980. It reported on the very violent action taken by the Philadelphia Police Department against the black revolutionary commune MOVE.
He married Gidske Anderson in London in 1952. She had been with the wartime resistance in Norway. She met Solomos in Paris after the War. They both shared a love of jazz and, as a neighbour, she had asked to loan some of his records. She was then working for the Norwegian newspaper "Arbeiderbladet" and later became deputy chair of the Norwegian Nobel Committee. She died in 1993.
Having published his novel "The Man Who Went Away" in 1952, George received a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation in 1953 to live and write in Mexico City, where he completed his still unpublished book "Thermopylae", a novel about war and the ideals of ancient Sparta.
In 1958 at Detroit Town Hall George legally changed the name he had used for the last ten years while publishing ZERO - "Themistocles Hoetis" - back to his birth name of George Paul Solomos.
From 1958 to 1960, George was asked by Dr. Bascilius (Head of Humanities) at Wayne State University, where he had completed a one-year course after the war ended in 1945 - which was his entitlement as a US veteran - to propose and edit work for publication by the Wayne State University Press (WSU Press). The first book he designed for the WSU Press was "The Poems of William Blake", which won the award of Best Poetry Anthology of the year 1958 from the Poetry Society of America. The next year, 1959, he had prepared a version of the anti-nuclear tract by Bertrand Russell, "Common Sense and Nuclear Warfare" which the WSU Press had already proofed and printed. It was withdrawn under threat from large industrial sponsors who threatened to withhold funding. Solomos left the USA soon after this and returned to Europe.
Films.
George made two films in Italy (1961-3).
The first that he made was a 20-minute film called "Echo in the Village", which was shot on two 35mm cameras over 5 days in a small village called Cappadocia (Italy). It is in black and white and stars the town's inhabitants. It is based on his original story about a grandfather helping a boy learn English so that he can leave the village and go to America.
George Solomos was re-united with many of the people who had featured in the film, including the boy who had played the young shepherd, when he returned to Cappadocia in 2002, on the fortieth anniversary of the film.
A public screening was arranged in the village and a programme about the event was broadcast on the State TV channel.
The second film is called "Natika", and stars John Drew Barrymore, who was at the time living in Rome; and a young Welsh woman called Maureen Gavin for whom this was to be her only major film appearance. It was made on a larger budget than "Echo in the Village", and was written and directed by George Solomos, as well as using the same personnel as his previous film.
The film concerns a destructive romance between a young harpist studying in Rome, and a louche playboy and heir to Europe's wealthy corporate and governing class, played by J. D. Barrymore.
The film was largely financed by a rich young American, Gray Frederickson [http://theoscarsite.com/whoswho5/frederickson_g.htm], who was based in Tehran tending his Oklahoma father's oil wells but was attracted to Rome to break into the movie business. After taking the film to be re-edited before its completion, Fredrikson presented it at various film festivals as his production debut and went on to become a major Hollywood producer (e.g. Apocalypse Now).
George was also a mentor to the young George Moorse :de:George Moorse, who was one of the directors of radical German cinema in the 1960s. Moorse's first film 'In Side Out' (1964) - with playwright Tom Stoppard in the cast - was made with Gérard Vandenberg [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0005914/, the cinematographer who worked on George Solomos' two films.
Travels and further projects.
Tangier and Morocco
George was a regular visitor to Morocco, where his friends Paul Bowles and Jane Bowles had lived for many years. He had first gone there in 1950 with Irving Thalberg, Jr., the son of the famous film producer of the same name, who later became a professor of philosophy.
An article in the fashion magazine "Flair", which was aimed at the New York literati, published with a transparent cover by the Condé Nast Publications heiress Fleur Cowles described George as:
an apprentice Yankee Balzac - and a be-bop hipster perched on a cliff outside Tangier celebrating the virtues of hashish...
- which was based on testimony of Gore Vidal who had met him on a visit to Morocco.
After George returned to Madrid, he took the first Orient Express train to run through Greece to Istanbul since the end of WWII. He then went from Salonika to Athens and on to Sparta to visit his family home, through a country ravaged by war.
London
George Solomos then moved to what is now known as Swinging London in the 1960s, and was soon involved in its bohemian "underground". He published David Chapman, a young poet who was briefly incarcerated in an Insane asylum because of his heroin addiction, and wrote a powerful poem about his experiences which was called "Withdrawal". A book, which also contained pictures by Chapman, was published by George Solomos in 1964 with help from philanthropist and wealthy heir, Jonathan Bryan Guinness, 3rd Baron Moyne - a Conservative Party (UK) MP at the time - who paid for a full page advert in the Conservative Monday Club publication, along with a voucher entitling members to a reduced-price copy. Guinness had the reputation of someone whose political instincts would now be recognised as libertarian conservatism.
A reading by David Chapman was held that year in the Institute of Contemporary Arts (ICA) in London. George also commissioned a soundtrack from the experimental jazz combo Spontaneous Music Ensemble.
George Solomos brought a print of his short film "Echo in the Village" to the UK in the early 1960s and was invited onto the BBC television show "Late Night Line Up" (1964–72), where he was interviewed by Joan Bakewell. His appearance followed Bakewell's interview that same evening with American theatre and film director Joseph Losey.
His next major publishing venture was in 1968, when he produced a film magazine called "FIBA", which won the prize for the Best Film Publication at the Venice Film Festival (La Biennale di Venezia)[http://www.labiennale.org/en/cinema/] that year.
It was financed largely by the young Japanese Fluxus artist Yoko Ono. She later introduced him to her partner, John Lennon of The Beatles, and they asked him to arrange US showings of some films they had made, including "Smile" and "Bottoms". George Solomos arranged for them to be premiered at the Chicago International Film Festival in 1970, and took the movies on a series of screenings around the USA.
Ireland
From 1970 to 1972 George was the Film correspondent for "The Irish Times", but was asked to leave Ireland by the Irish government after commenting unfavourably on the influence of the Roman Catholic Church on Irish culture. George had also infuriated the Irish government for arranging the free distribution of "The Little Red Schoolbook", which was being given away free in England at the time by the National Union of School Students. He was seen onto a ferry to Britain by Charles Haughey, who later wrote to him and offered to let him return.
He returned to London, where he managed to sell a film outline to Ringo Starr that would be a potential vehicle for mutual friend (and star of the 1959 film "Shadows" directed by John Cassavetes ), actor Ben Carruthers. This financed a trip to Sparta in Greece, homeland of the Solomos family, where he visited his family's village.
USA
In 1974 George Solomos moved to Philadelphia and lived in a house opposite the MOVE commune when it was notoriously bombed from a police helicopter, a tragedy that killed six adult residents and five children. George Solomos published one last copy of "ZERO" in the early 1980s, which was dedicated to John Africa and the members of MOVE, many of whom are still in prison in the USA in 2009.
After moving to the first apartment block in the USA built with its own community studio and cable TV facility George Solomos started a reality TV series featuring some of the block's residents - which was later credited with being the inspiration for the NBC series "The Golden Girls".
He also arranged for a filmed interview with Mumia Abu-Jamal on death row in Philadelphia - the last instance of such an interview, since the law was changed afterwards to prevent any similar media attention. The resulting film is on YouTube in three parts [http://www.youtube.com/fibafilmbank#p/u/4/iwxPezovwFc].
Europe
In 1986 George returned to France to find the villagers who had helped him escape from the Nazis in Occupied France. The "International Herald Tribune" managed to track down the son of the granddaughter who had initially rescued him from the apple tree and hidden him in the cellar.
Since 1999 George has been publishing the on-line version of his film and culture magazine "fiba" [http://www.fiba-filmbank.org/]
In 1999 he was a guest at the Havana Film Festival, where he showed the Mumia Abu-Jamal documentary and a short film featuring Alice Walker, as well as being interviewed by Cuban television.
Death
George Solomos died at Forest Hills home in London on November 8, 2010.
His second book is currently being translated into Spanish for publication in the next year. It is called "Villa Alba", and is a novel based on some time he spent in Franco's Spain in the 1950s.
References.
New York Times Zero Anthology [http://books.google.com/books?id=9wdVDKAZZFoC&pg=PP5&lpg=PP5&dq=New+York+Times+'Zero'+Themistocles+Hoetis&source=bl&ots=HcvoD4d3Od&sig=tFoA9z-95oCEq2sVqe5pvCWF8lw&hl=en&ei=ZiAHS-bHAsT64AbnhsW3Cw&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=2&ved=0CAoQ6AEwAQ#v=onepage&q=New%20York%20Times%20'Zero'%20Themistocles%20Hoetis&f=false]
"A Historical Guide to James Baldwin", ed. Douglas Field, Oxford University Press, 2009. ISBN 978-0-19-536653-2 [http://books.google.com/books?id=egvIN39twu8C&pg=PR2&lpg=PR2&dq='A+Historical+Guide+to+James+Baldwin'+Edited+by+Douglas+Field&source=bl&ots=saYOqLE4DV&sig=UW5zPZUfJL4PrAw-2_sG_h0_x4o&hl=en&ei=fTFvS63LF6Cy0gTU_E0&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=4&ved=0CBMQ6AEwAw#v=onepage&q='A%20Historical%20Guide%20to%20James%20Baldwin'%20Edited%20by%20Douglas%20Field&f=false]

</doc>
<doc id="20618566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618566" title="Júpiter-class minelayer">
Júpiter-class minelayer

"Júpiter"-class minelayers was a group of four vessels of the Spanish Republican Navy built during the Spanish Republic. Three of them came into service during the Civil War after joining the rebel side.
Operational history.
Civil War.
The minelayers were commissioned by the Government of the Republic to SECN shipyards at Ferrol in 1935, a year before the start of the Spanish Civil War. The first three ships of the class were seized by the insurgents and served in the rebel fleet. Their first deployment was the blockade of Bilbao.
Due to the lack of destroyers in the Franco’s fleet, and the potential of their armament, the main mission of these vessels was not minelaying, but to face Government units in open combat, despite their slow speed.
"Júpiter".
Along with "Vulcano", the "Jupiter" was one of the main players in the blockade of international shipping in the ports of Biscay, where she took part in the capture of several merchantmen, especially the British "Candleston Castle", "Dover Abbey" and "Yorkbrook", the French "Cens" and a number of Basque Auxiliary Navy trawlers during the second half of 1937. She also laid four minefields off Santander and Gijon, from April to July 1937. The rebel battleship "España" was lost on 30 April after hitting by accident one of her mines at Santander. There were only four casualties among "España"`s crew.
On 17 July, while on patrol off Gijon, the "Júpiter" caught two British cargo ships while they were attempting to run the blockade. One of them, the "Sarastone", managed to reach the harbor despite being firing on. The other steamer, "Candleston Castle", stopped after the minelayer fired two shots across her bows. She was handed over by the "Júpiter" to the auxiliary cruiser "Ciudad de Palma", which escorted the captured merchantman to Ferrol. A fruitless sortie was launched from the French port of Saint Jean de Luz by the Royal Navy's battleship HMS "Royal Oak" and the destroyer HMS "Basilisk". 
She engaged the Basque Auxiliary Navy destroyer "Císcar" on 10 August off Gijon. During this exchange of fire, the "Júpiter" guns accidentally straddled the British destroyer HMS "Foxhound". Occasionally, she also provided support fire for the rebel troops inland. On 24 August 1937, after the fall of the port of Santoña, the "Júpiter" along with other naval units was called from Bilbao to watch the British steamer "Seven Seas Spray", taken in custody by Nationalist troops while attempting to evacuate Basque troops as part of the ill-fated Santoña Agreement between the Italian Corpo Truppe Volontarie and the Basque Nationalist Party.
On 5 October, while she was escorting the seized freighters "Dover Abbey" and "Yorkbrook" to Ribadeo, the former vessel sent a distress message to HMS "Resolution", giving the position and course of the convoy and claiming that her capture had taken place outside territorial waters. Actually, they have been caught by armed trawlers off shore, well inside Spanish maritime boundaries. The "Júpiter" successfully outran the British battleship and the convoy reached destination without incident.
At least five minor vessels carrying refugees and soldiers of the Republican army where seized by the minelayer after the fall of the last government's strongholds on northern Spain by the end of October.
On Christmas Day 1937 she shelled the port of Burriana, near Castellon, in the Mediterranean coast, where the British freighter "Bramhill" was at anchor. The merchant was hit by several rounds and had to withdraw to Marseille to undergo repairs.
Towards the end of the war, along with the auxiliary cruiser "Mar Negro", she supported the landing an Infantry division on Mahón, Minorca, after the Republican surrender of this island, on 9 February 1939. She was one of the units involved in the blockade of Alicante, where thousands of refugees gathered in order to flee Spain when Franco's victory was in sight. Her sister "Marte", commissioned a few months before, took part in one of the last international maritime incidents of the war on 19 March 1939, when she prevented the British steamer "Stanbrook" from entering Alicante. The ship, chartered by the Republican government, went back to Oran, Algeria. The "Stanbrook" eventually reached the Spanish port on 27 March, after the Nationalist side displayed some indulgency toward the evacuation of refugees in return for the British recognition of Franco's legitimacy. Two days later, the "Stanbrook" left Alicante bound for Oran, crowded with at least 2,000 people, one of the last ships to either enter or flee Republican Spain. Her Welsh skipper, Captain Archibald Dickson, later killed during the sinking of his ship in World War II, is today remembered as a hero in Alicante.
After the Spanish Civil War, in December 1940, the "Júpiter" carried out an undercover reconnaissance mission around Gibraltar with Admiral Canaris, General Lang and a Spanish officer aboard. The goal was to gather intelligence about the British fortifications and boom defenses as a first step toward the proposed Operation Felix.
"Vulcano".
The "Vulcano" temporarily blocked the entrance to Gijon of the British merchants "Stanray" and "Stangrove". At the end of the war in the north she joined a naval squadron which drove back the steamers "Hillfern", "Bramhill", "Stanhill" and "Stanleigh" off Cape Peñas, seizing a number of small Republican vessels crowded with refugees in the process. During this period she shelled, without success, the British "Thorpebay" when this steamer entered the port of the Musel. Between the last months of 1937 and 1939 "Vulcano" was active in the Mediterranean, where she was part of the rebel fleet which bombarded Castellon, Burriana and Vinaroz on Christmas Day 1937. She played a key role, along with her sisters ships, in ferrying troops after Franco's army reach the coast between Valencia and Barcelona on April 1938.
On 17 October 1938, she seized the Soviet cargo ship "Katayama", of 3,200 tons. She also played a secondary role in the capture of the Greek merchant "Victoria" by the auxiliary cruiser "Mar Cantábrico" and the British "Stangrove" by the gunboat "Dato", in the final months of the civil war. All these freighters joined the Spanish merchant fleet at the end of the conflict.
Perhaps the most famous action of "Vulcano" is the chase and capture of the Republican Churruca class destroyer "Jose Luis Diez" off Gibraltar, in the course of a battle fought as close as 50 meters between the ships involved. The "Diez" eventually became stranded in Catalan Bay, in territory of Gibraltar, the last day of 1938. The destroyer was turned over to Franco's government after its recognition by Britain as the legitimate authority in Spain.
She was the leading unit of an aborted landing at Cartagena on 7 March 1939, after the withdrawal of the Republican fleet from its bases and its internment at Bizerte. The operation was mounted on the belief that anti-communist Republicans had taken over the port once the Government navy fled. However, loyalist forces retook control of the coastal batteries around the harbour. All the ships received the order of aborting the operation, but two transports, the Castillo de Olite and "Castillo Peñafiel", deprived of radio, continued toward Cartagena undeterred. They were the former Soviet steamers "Postishev" and "Smidovich", of 3,545 and 2,485 tn respectively, which had been seized by the Nationalists at high seas. The "Castillo de Olite" was sunk by a 381 mm battery close to the docks, with a loss of life of almost 1,500. Meanwhile, the "Castillo Peñafiel" had a narrow escape, harassed by Republican aircraft. In a letter to General Franco, Admiral Francisco Moreno put the blame on "Vulcano"´s commander for his failure to prevent the departure of the freighters, as ordered by Moreno himself. The "Vulcano" apparently gave green light to the transports after receiving contradicting orders from the high command to proceed.
Along with the cruiser "Canarias", "Vulcano" landed two infantry battalions at Alicante on 31 March, the day before the official end of hostilities.
Refurbishment.
Of the four vessels, only "Júpiter" and "Vulcano" took part in a modernization program after the agreements between Spain and the United States in the 1950s, and were reclassified as frigates. The modernization was held in Cartagena from 1958 to 1961. The antisubmarine and antiaircraft weapons were updated by adding a squid multiple mortar and Bofors 40 mm guns. The units were also fitted with radar. Both ships joined the frigate squadron along with those units of the first "Pizarro" class. "Júpiter" was written off the Navy list on 23 November 1974, and "Vulcano" was used as a store ship from 12 March 1977 until her final decommissioning on 30 April 1978, this being the last warship to be removed from service of those who participated in the Civil War.
"Marte" and "Neptuno" remained unchanged until their decommissioning in 1971 and 1972 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20618568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618568" title="Qırx Çıraq">
Qırx Çıraq

Qırx Çıraq is a village in the municipality of Çuxanlı in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20618581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618581" title="Gomuşçu, Salyan">
Gomuşçu, Salyan

Gomuşçu is a village in the municipality of Təzəkənd in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20618595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618595" title="1997–98 New York Rangers season">
1997–98 New York Rangers season

The 1997–98 New York Rangers season was the 72nd season for the team in the National Hockey League. The Rangers posted a 25–39–18 record in the regular season and finished in fifth place in the Atlantic Division. New York missed the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time since the 1992–93 season.
Regular season.
The Rangers were the only team in the league not to score a short-handed goal.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1998 Stanley Cup playoffs, missing the playoffs for the first time since winning the Stanley Cup in 1994.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1997 NHL Entry Draft in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the Civic Arena. 

</doc>
<doc id="20618605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618605" title="Gregory W. Engle">
Gregory W. Engle

Gregory W. Engle (born 1954) is a United States Diplomat and former U.S. Ambassador to Togo. He was sworn in as ambassador on May 12, 2003. Greg Engle retired from the U.S. Foreign Service in 2008 and currently lives in Austin, Texas, where he teaches at the University of Texas and pursues his musical interests as a singer-songwriter. In January 2010, he released his first album, "Take It Personally," with noted producer/musician Stephen Doster and several wellknown Austin musicians. His song "Woody's Ghost" won first prize at the Annual Woody Guthrie Folk Festival Songwriting Competition in 2011.
Gregory Engle was born in Germany where his father was serving in the U.S. Air Force. He spent much of his childhood in Colorado, Germany and Pennsylvania and received a B.A. in Political Science and an MPA from the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs.
Engle joined the Foreign Service (U.S. Department of State) in 1981, following a tour as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Korea. He has served in management positions in Pakistan, Germany, Washington, Ethiopia, and Cyprus. He received the State Department's Leamon R. Hunt Award for Administrative Achievement in 1990. 
Following his assignments in Cyprus, Engle served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Lilongwe, Malawi, from 1992 to 1995. After leaving Malawi, he was a member of the Foreign Service Institute's 38th Senior Seminar. Then from 1996 to 1999 he was the U.S. Consul General in Johannesburg, South Africa. 
Following his assignment in South Africa, he returned to Washington where he served as Director of the International Cooperative Administrative Support Services (ICASS) system from 1999 to 2001. In 2001, Engle became the Special Coordinator of the African Crisis Response Initiative. That program was merged into the Office of Regional and Security Affairs in the Bureau of African Affairs at the U.S. Department of Statein 2002, and Engle became the Director. 
In May 2003, Engle was sworn in as the U.S. Ambassador to the Togolese Republic and assumed charge of the U.S. Embassy in Lome. In June 2005, he became the Minister Counselor for Management Affairs of the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, where he served until July 2006.
Following his assignment in Baghdad, Ambassador Engle served as the U.S. Department of State’s Diplomat-in-Residence at the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas at Austin (UT-Austin). He retired from the U.S. Foreign Service in April 2008 and became the Senior Advisor for International Affairs at UT-Austin's International Office, where he served until April 2009, when he assumed his duties as the Associate Director of UT-Austin's Robert S. Strauss Center for International Security and Law. In June 2010, he retired from that position to pursue musical and charitable interests. He was a member of the adjunct faculty at the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs, where he teaches a course in international management. In 2012, he became the Country Director for Peace Corps Ethiopia. 
He is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20618617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618617" title="Noxudlu">
Noxudlu

Noxudlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20618618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618618" title="Franz Aigner (footballer)">
Franz Aigner (footballer)

Franz Aigner (born September 14, 1967) is a retired Austrian football player and a football manager currently managing TSV St. Johann.

</doc>
<doc id="20618622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618622" title="Mowers (surname)">
Mowers (surname)

Mowers is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20618627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618627" title="Franz Aigner">
Franz Aigner

Franz Aigner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20618635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618635" title="Alan Oke">
Alan Oke

Alan Oke is a British tenor.
Career.
He studied both at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama in Glasgow and with Hans Hotter in Munich. Following a successful career as a baritone he made his debut as a tenor in 1992 singing Brighella in "Ariadne auf Naxos" for Garsington Opera. Since then he has sung a wide variety of roles with Scottish Opera, Opera North, the Royal Opera, English National Opera and Opera New Zealand as well as appearances at the Edinburgh, Aldeburgh, Bregenz and Ravenna Festivals.
He recently portrayed Marlow in Tarik O'Regan's Heart of Darkness at the Royal Opera House and Gandhi in Philip Glass's "Satyagraha" for the English National Opera and the Metropolitan Opera, New York
He lives in Edinburgh, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="20618638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618638" title="Mower (disambiguation)">
Mower (disambiguation)

Mower may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20618642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618642" title="Rosemary Lawn">
Rosemary Lawn

Rosemary Lawn is a historic home and farm complex located at Welcome, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a rambling, two-story, frame farmhouse. The home is believed to be a largely rebuilt version of a house of similar size and configuration that was built between 1844 and 1847, when it was part of the estate of Barnes Compton inherited from his mother, Mary Key (Barnes) Compton (b. 1804 St. Mary's Co., MD -d. 17 JUL 1834, Charles Co., MD). As Barnes Compton was a minor until 1851, the plantation was managed by Wilson Compton, his paternal uncle and guardian, who added improvements such as the house. 
Most of the exterior and interior finishes of the existing house were constructed during the 1880-1920 period, after the plantation had been sold by the Compton family. Outbuildings include a frame, pyramid-roofed dairy; a frame, pyramid-roofed "cooler" built over elevated foundations enclosing a cellar chamber; and a timber-framed, pyramid-roofed smokehouse. 
The property is considered of great significance because of the collection of buildings. It "embraces a singularly unique collection of historically and physically integrated agricultural buildings and domestic support structures, and constitutes the largest and best preserved collection of such buildings known to exist in their original setting in this region. In addition to the rarity of several of the buildings--notably the two dairies and the oldest granary--the manner in which each of the buildings was constructed to maximize its functional use, and their obviously carefully considered placement, is of exceptional interest and importance."
Also on the property is a private cemetery of the Barnes/Compton family, who owned and occupied the property from at least 1783 until 1873. 
Rosemary Lawn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20618653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618653" title="Best Friends (Martin novel)">
Best Friends (Martin novel)

Best Friends is the fourth novel by Ann M. Martin in the Main Street series. The main character, Flora Northrop, is excited for the 350th anniversary of Camden Falls. Even better, her best friend Annika is coming to visit! Flora hasn't seen Annika since her parents died in a car crash and they went to live with her grandmother, Min. However, her new best friend, Olivia, is worried that Flora will like Annika better than her, and that Flora will regret coming to Camden Falls. Olivia is worried that Flora will have to choose one among the two friends.

</doc>
<doc id="20618662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618662" title="Nasirpur">
Nasirpur

Nasarpur, is a town in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is at 25°31'0N 68°37'0E at an elevation of .
Overview.
Nasarpur was one of the oldest city-settlements in the Indus Valley Civilization which thrived in ancient times along the Indus River. City has been wrecked and re-erected many times in history, sometimes repeatedly. But in other cases the destruction has been so complete that the city was abandoned completely. This city was on the eastern bank, about 20 to 25 km from Indus River. In 751, Sultan Feroz Shah Tulkh left Ameer Naseer along his 1000 companions to rebuild the city, later on city was named as Naseer pur or Nasarpur. During Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar period, Nasarpur was one of the major city. According to Hakem Fateh Muhammad Sehwani "Nasarpur was major artery between Dehli (India) and Sindh that allows goods to travel swiftly to buyers". Nasarpur itself is located in Matiari District in the modern-day province of Sindh, Pakistan at 25o31' 0N 68o37' 0E with an altitude of 12 meter. Nasarpur has some Historical places which belong to era of Aurang Zaib. Misri Shah (poet) also called King of Kafiyas live most of his Life in Nasarpur. It is famous for the Production of Onions, Mangoes, Khes, Ceramics and its Tubewells. Archeological sites are also present..
Historical background.
According to Hakeem Fateh Mohammad Sehwani (book Abo-al-fazal) Nasarpur was one of the major city along with Umar Kot, Thatta and Sewistan (Sehwan). Mohammad Yousaf Shakir Abro Sindhi has described in Raisala Bursat that after establishment of Mansoora city during Arabic era gradually vanished the Berhaman Abad city and remaining Hindus has been migrated and settled in Nasarpur.
According to Hakeem Fateh Mohammad Sehwani (book Abo-al-fazal) Nasarpur was one of the major city along with Umar Kot, Thatta and Sewistan (Sehwan). Mohammad Yousaf Shakir Abro Sindhi has described in Raisala Bursat that after establishment of Mansoora city during Arabic era gradually vanished the Berhaman Abad city and remaining Hindus has been migrated and settled in Nasarpur. Mirza Kaleej Bag has described the Nasarpur history and re-establish during Soomra kingdom from 720 to 1320. Dodha khan, Mirza Shah Baig Arkhon 928, Mirza Shah Hasan Arkhon 942, MIrza Tukhan, MIrza Qasim Arkhon and Sultan Abo al Qasim ruled in this region. Ali Sher Fateh Thathwi has mentioned the appearance of Meer Naseer in 752. Unfortunately, The complete history of the Nasarpur was not described or kept in any historical book. The archaeological sites, old Masjeed, Tomb, destructive Fort provides the evidence that Nasarpur is a historical city.
Nasarpur today.
Nasarpur is a famous city in the province of Sindh Pakistan. Located west of Hyderabad and from Tando Allahyar, Nasarpur is known for its richness in handicrafts, artisans and artifacts beside being a big centre of ceramics. Its neighbor cities are Tando Allahyar, Matiari, Pali Jani, Odero Lal, Allah Dino Sand, Tajpoor, Tando Soomro, Tando Jam, Hyderabad and Mirpurkhas. The city railway station, "Tajpur Nasarpur railway station", is at a distance of .
Shah Inayatullah Rizvi.
Shah Inat, famous Sindhi Sufi also spent his life in the town of Nasaspur.He was a poet of great merit in the Sindhi language. His shrine is in the town of Nasarpur. Eminent poet, Hazrat Misri Shah Imam Sindhi also come from his family.
Administration and population.
Nasarpur comprises one Town Municipal Administration office and 2 Union Councils. According to Census 2010 city population is 52,000. There are three main gates to enter the town of Nasarpur.
Source of income.
People of Nasarpur are more inclined towards the agricultural based lifestyle. The fertile Indus Plains provide a valuable source of income for the locals who practice farming on these lands. Onion is the major crop of Nasarpur.
City visibility.
Nasarpur is one of Historical, Literary, Religious Spiritual town of Sindh. This town is also famous through the subcontinent in Pottery, Ceramic craft( Known as Kashi Art), "Khes", carpet, and artisanship.It is also a holy place for the Hindu community.
City division.
Nasarpur city contains 8 ward and 4 Deh, including; Deh Nasarpur,Deh Bhanoki, Deh Bhatk and Deh Dhoro Lakhmir.
Villages.
Arbab Farm House(Arbab Muhammad Hassan Village),Mohalla Gareb abad, Jatoi Mohalla, Gulshane Mehdi,Gulshane Fazil goth Qazi Abdul Majeed Bhanoki Nasarpur, Dhoro Lakhmir Youfani Farm, Qaim lashari ghoth,Dr sohail Almani Moj khan mahajr, Ameen Muhammad Lund, Goth Hadi Buksh Rind Goth Muhammad Ameen kakepota, Gul Muhammad kakepota,Aijaz shah Bhukhari Haji Jhando lakhari, Malook Bubr, Bago khan jatoi, Goth Chaudry Barkat Ali Arain and Farm house, Mansoor Majeed Arain Mango Farm, Dano Brohi, Goth Allah Bachaya Uner, Goth Alam chuto, Mukhtar shah farm, Goth Muhammad Idrees khanzada, Khuda bux Bhati, Goth Imdad khan Nidamani,Anwar khan Nidamani, Major gulam Mustafa Pandhiani (wadero)
Health.
Medical services available in city are, Rural health center Nasarpur, OPD ultrasound-ray, E.C.G, Dental and Eye department.
Education in Nasarpur
Education in town. The literacy rate in Nasarpur is relatively low as compared to urban areas, but quality of education is gradually improving with high schools, private schools and specially after the establishment of the first College. Local government has taken some positive steps towards improving education standards in town to promote short-term and long-term training programs for individuals in various fields by conducting workshops and seminars.
PRIMARY EDUCATION: Primary school was established during 1857 and Mr. Oil Ram Lohan Was the first elected head master along with a team of various teachers including, Allah Dino Patoli, Aso Mal Bhatia, Qazi Abdul Rehman, Kundan Mal, Ahmad Khan Almani, Dhalo Mal Khtri, Haji Muhammad Varial Ghirana, Gul Muhammad Almani, Ameen Muhammad Almani, Qazi Allah Dino and Muhammad hashim Ghirana.
ENGLISH EDUCATION: English education system was initially adapted at Bungalow of Mirza Qurban Ali (late) by Topan Das, Haji Sahib Dino Memon, Dewan Alam Chnd and Dewan Khto Mal. During 1933 A joint venture and efforts taken by Muslim and Hindo scholars in order to established an Educational Society School, In recent days this building is known as High School Nasarpur. Initially school was supporting up to 6 Grade education under supervision of Sagwasi Topan Das. In 1946 with the collaboration of the local board the process of education had started and during that time the head master was Muhammad Moosa Memon. In 1954 the school upgraded up to middle education and Muhammad Daod Pandhiani was the head master. In 1961 this school became a high school and Qadir Shah Bukhari became the head master of the school.
GIRLS EDUCATION: Girls middle school was established with the efforts of Chairman Muhammad Baqar Almani (late) at Abra mohala Nasarpur. Later on Govt Girl high school was established in ward no 6.
GIRLS PRIMARY SCHOOL: Govt Girls Primary Community Model School Nasarpur. Madam Zareena Memon as Head Mistress along with 17 other teachers currently providing their services and school consists of 6 Classrooms.
Schools & Collages in Nasarpur: There are 27 Primary school for Boys, 4 Primary school for girls, 2 High Schools and 1 Government college. 
Industries.
Nasarpur has three KASHI KARI (Masonry ) Centres named Al_Habib Kashi Centre, Sammer kashi Centre and Sindh Kashi Centre under supervision of (1) Al-Habib Kashi Centre by Mr.Muhammad Ayoub Ghirano(kashigar)
(2) Samer Kashi Centre by Mr.Muhammad Siddique kashigar 
(3) Sindh kashi Centre by Irfan Ali Kashi Gar . He has taken special efforts to keep the Kashi culture alive till today. There is also a factory called
by name of Muhammad Ayoub kashiger. Galeecha sazi (Carpet work) is also one of the oldest industry in Nasarpur working under Sindh Small Industries Corporation. There are couple of Individuals and domestic partners too. Ceramic Center is also one of the leading revenue generating industry. "KHES" industry is also an oldest industry in Nasarpur. It produces cotton and silk khes, lungi, mooshi, garba, and clothes.
Nasarpur sweets.
"Kheer Pera" is a kind of sweet which is prepared from milk products and saffron. Nasarpuri kheer pera is liked in all over Sindh. Mushtaque Ahmed Memon of Nasarpur have done special efforts to keep this industry alive and maintained the actual test. It is famous due to its fine flavors and presented as a gift and special sweet like Sohan halwa of multan and khoya of khanpur.
Sports.
Nasarpur is quite healthy for numerous sports activities. 
Mainly "MALH", "WANJH WATI" "KODI KODI", Volley Ball, Cricket etc. are widely played, though the first three of these traditional games of Sindh are not played extensively these days.
"MALH" and "KODI KODI" are mainly played on annual Misri Shah festival while "WANJH WATI is only played when there is rainy season. But you will find everyone widely involved in Cricket specially age between 15 and 40 are heavily involved in this sports.
There is one Volley Ball Club. There was the time when there was played Hard Ball cricket and Shaheen Cricket Club, Shaheed Mumtaz Lovers Cricket Club,Mehran Cricket Club, Shaheed ANSAR cricket club, Hiadri Cricket Club and few others team used to play with that hard ball but soon Hard Ball cricket vanished away from Nasarpur and now everywhere played with tap ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20618666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618666" title="Dewey Soriano">
Dewey Soriano

Dewey Soriano (born February 8, 1920 - died April 6, 1998 in Seattle, Washington) was the part-owner of the Seattle Pilots baseball team of the American League in , the franchise's only year in Seattle.
Prior to owning the Pilots, Soriano served as president of both the Pacific Coast League and the Western International League. Soriano also pitched in the minor leagues for several years before becoming the owner and player-manager of the Yakima Bears.
When Soriano won the Pilots expansion franchise, he didn't have enough money to pay the franchise fee. In what proved to be a harbinger of things to come, he had to ask for help from former Cleveland Indians owner William R. Daley—who, ironically, had nearly moved the Indians to Seattle earlier in the 1960s. In return, Soriano sold Daley a 47 percent stake in the team, making him the largest shareholder. Soriano, however, retained the team presidency. Largely due to being badly undercapitalized, Soriano was nearly out of money by the end of the 1969 season.
Almost as soon as the season ended, it was apparent that Soriano wouldn't be able to hold out before moving to a new stadium. It was also apparent that the timetable for a new park would have to be significantly advanced, as the Pilots' temporary home, Sick's Stadium, was completely inadequate even for temporary use. Soriano put the Pilots on the market, but no credible offers surfaced from Seattle interests. Out of desperation, Soriano cut a deal to sell the franchise to a Milwaukee-based group led by Bud Selig. However, legal action dragged out throughout the 1969-1970 offseason. Ultimately, Soriano took the team into bankruptcy, clearing the way for Selig to take control and move the Pilots to Milwaukee as the Milwaukee Brewers.

</doc>
<doc id="20618672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618672" title="Cottonwood Mountains (Lassen County)">
Cottonwood Mountains (Lassen County)

The Cottonwood Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Lassen County, California, near Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20618675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618675" title="CBIA">
CBIA

CBIA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20618684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618684" title="Cottonwood Mountains (Riverside County)">
Cottonwood Mountains (Riverside County)

The Cottonwood Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California. They lie between the Little San Bernardino Mountains to the west, and Eagle Mountains to the east and the Hexie Mountains to the north. They are partially included in the Joshua Tree Wilderness. 

</doc>
<doc id="20618710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618710" title="Chris Gregg">
Chris Gregg

Chris Gregg QPM is a former Detective Chief Superintendent and was head of West Yorkshire Police's Homicide and Major Enquiry Team (HMET). Gregg joined the force in 1974 and as a constable was put on front-line duties in the Yorkshire Ripper inquiry in the Helen Rytka murder incident room. He left the force in 2008 to take up a senior position as an adviser to a forensic service provider company, LGC Forensics. In 2010 Gregg, together with Lord Stevens and Dr Angela Gallop, founded Axiom International Limited.
Awards.
Gregg was awarded the Queen's Police Medal (QPM) in the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours. Chief Constable of West Yorkshire, Sir Norman Bettison, described Gregg as one of the finest detectives the force had ever known.
Career.
Gregg was born in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire and in a 34 year career, headed up some high profile criminal investigations of recent years including:
On leaving the force he spoke against the misuse by suspected murderers of the protective shield of human rights legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="20618713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618713" title="Ubauro">
Ubauro

Ubauro is a town of Northern Sindh, Pakistan Ghotki District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 27°21'5N 68°31'12E with an altitude of 47 metres (157 feet). 

</doc>
<doc id="20618725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618725" title="Christian Fürstaller">
Christian Fürstaller

Christian Fürstaller (born December 30, 1964) is a retired Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20618738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618738" title="Sarum (Newport, Maryland)">
Sarum (Newport, Maryland)

Sarum is a historic home located at Newport, Charles County, Maryland. The house is believed to have been built originally about 1680, as a -story frame structure with a two-story porch tower. About 1700, a one-story frame extension was added, then about 1730, the ends were extended and new walls of brick were constructed. This extension gave the house its present dimensions. Sarum was patented to John Pile in 1662, and remained in the ownership of the Pile family until 1836. It is one of Maryland's finest small Colonial dwellings. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20618741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618741" title="Balut Island">
Balut Island

Balut Island, also known as Sanguil, is a volcanic island south of the tip of Davao Occidental province in the Mindanao region, Southern Philippines. Located in the center of the island is the Balut Volcano, a fumarolic volcano with no historical eruptions. 
The island of Balut is located about from mainland Mindanao, separated by the Sarangani Strait. Balut, Sarangani and Olanivan Islands make up the island group known as the Sarangani Islands. The group comprises the Municipality of Sarangani of Davao Occidental. Mabila on Balut Island is the town's center for commerce and the local government.
Topography.
Balut Island, the westernmost of the Sarangani Islands, is the larger, higher, and better cultivated than Sarangani Island. In the center of the island is Balut Volcano, which is fumarolic on occasion. Balut Island rises to about from the seabed with the highest elevation at above mean sea level. Base diameter of the island is .
If seen from the northwest, it appears between two peaks. Northeast is another peak of Balut, southwest of the peak is an unnamed volcano. In the southeast part of the island is Ten Seventy Hill with an elevation of .
Coastline.
The north and east coasts are bordered by a reef, which in some places extends out over 1 mile, while on the south and west sides the fringing reef does not extend out to any distance. Off the southwest point is a rock island called Manamil Island with an elevation of . Lajan Point, the northeast point of the island, is low and covered by mangroves.
South of the Lajan Point is Mabila, which is the "poblacion" or town center of the Municipality of Sarangani. The Port of Mabila is the main port of entry to the island and the gateway to the rest of the municipality.
Classification.
Balut is classified by Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology as a potentially active stratovolcano with solfataric activity. Hot springs and thermally altered grounds with temperatures of are located at the west and Ssouthwest basal slopes of Balut Volcano. Temperature at the Palabuno Hot Spring is .
Volcanic activity.
There are no reports of eruptions in historical times. The January 4, 1641 eruption that enveloped most of Mindanao in darkness was falsely attributed to Balut Volcano, as well as other volcanoes in the Philippines. Later studies proved that the eruption came from Mount Parker, NW of Balut Island.
Geology.
Rock type on the volcano is predominantly basalt and andesite. Balut is part of the Central Mindanao Arc, an area of frequent earthquakes and volcanic activity. All volcanoes in the Philippines are part of the Pacific ring of fire. Like most volcanoes in southern Philippines, Balut Volcano is little studied scientifically.

</doc>
<doc id="20618751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618751" title="Macrostomia">
Macrostomia

Macrostomia refers to a mouth that is unusually wide.
Some cases are treated with surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="20618769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618769" title="Coyote Hills (Alameda County)">
Coyote Hills (Alameda County)

The Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in Alameda County, California.
Coyote Hills Regional Park is located in and named for these hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20618773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618773" title="Microcheilia">
Microcheilia

Microcheilia is a congenital disorder where one's lips are unusually small.

</doc>
<doc id="20618776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618776" title="1995–96 New York Rangers season">
1995–96 New York Rangers season

The 1995–96 New York Rangers season was the 70th season for the team in the National Hockey League. During the regular season, the Rangers posted a 41–27–14 record, which placed them second in the Atlantic Division and gave them a berth in the Stanley Cup playoffs. In the first round of the playoffs, New York defeated the Montreal Canadiens in six games to advance to the Eastern Conference semi-finals, where the team lost to the Pittsburgh Penguins in five games.
Regular season.
The Rangers were shorthanded a league-high 495 times during the regular season and tied the Ottawa Senators and Tampa Bay Lightning for fewest short-handed goals scored (6).
Playoffs.
Key: Win Loss
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
Draft picks.
New York's picks at the 1995 NHL Entry Draft in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada at the Edmonton Coliseum.

</doc>
<doc id="20618794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618794" title="Sekhat">
Sekhat

Sekhat is a town in the Matiari District of Sindh province, Pakistan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20618795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618795" title="Coyote Hills (Plumas County)">
Coyote Hills (Plumas County)

The Coyote Hills are a low mountain-hills range in Plumas County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20618800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618800" title="Robert Wazinger">
Robert Wazinger

Robert Wazinger (born August 23, 1966) is a retired Austrian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20618806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618806" title="Tourism in Ethiopia">
Tourism in Ethiopia

Tourism in Ethiopia accounted for 5.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) in 2006, having barely increased 2% over the previous year. The government is proving its commitment and willingness to develop tourism through a number of initiatives. Tourism is a featured component of Ethiopia's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper (PRSP), which aims to combat poverty and encourage economic development.
Overview.
Tourist destinations include Ethiopia's collection of national parks (including Semien Mountains National Park), and historic sites, such as the cities of Axum, Negash Mosque, Sof `Umer Washa, Harar Jugol and Lalibela.
Developed in the 1960s, tourism declined greatly during the later 1970s and the 1980s under the Derg. Recovery began in the 1990s, but growth has been constrained by the lack of suitable hotels and other infrastructure, despite a boom in construction of small and medium-sized hotels and restaurants, and by the effects of drought and political instability.
One encouraging aspect is the growing popularity of ecotourism, with significant potential for growth in Ethiopia. Travel retail sales are expected to continue to grow, posting an increase of 7% in 2006 and with a forecast 5% increase in 2007. Sales are driven primarily by expanding interest in ecotourism packages, including adventure travel, trekking and walking safaris that are making up much of the tour operators' revenues.
Millennium pageant controversy.
The Ministry of Culture and Tourism, which is responsible for developing and promoting tourism in Ethiopia, was embroiled in a major controversy surrounding a beauty pageant in celebration of the Ethiopian Millennium in 2007. Allegedly Mohamouda Ahmed Gaas and officials from the ministry obtained promotional services from a UK based company for the Ethiopian Millennium, but refused to pay after the event took place. Following claims of failure to pay major bills, in December 2009 the company commenced formal legal action in the British courts, seeking a total payment of US$1,022,810.52, comprising US$488.500.00 principal debt and US$543,310.52 interest and late fees.

</doc>
<doc id="20618813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618813" title="Hoemokbong">
Hoemokbong

Hoemokbong is a mountain between the counties of Hwacheon and Cheorwon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20618815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618815" title="Fuel Cells and Hydrogen">
Fuel Cells and Hydrogen

Fuel cells and hydrogen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20618825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618825" title="Coyote Hills">
Coyote Hills

Coyote Hills may refer to:
Related names include

</doc>
<doc id="20618841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618841" title="Caste Disabilities Removal Act, 1850">
Caste Disabilities Removal Act, 1850

The Caste Disabilities Removal Act, 1850, also Act XXI of 1850, was a legislation passed in British India under East India Company rule, that abolished all laws affecting the rights of persons converting to another religion or caste. Under ancient Hindu law a person converting from Hinduism to another religion became ineligible for inheriting property from other family members. The new Act allowed Indians who converted from one religion to another religion equal rights under no law, especially in the case of inheritance.
Text.
April 1850.
Preamble. 
WHEREAS it is enacted by section 9, Regulation VII, 1832, of the Bengal Code, that "whenever in any civil suit the parties to such suit may be of different persuasions, when one party shall be of the Hindu and the other of the Muhammadan persuasion, or where one or more of the parties to the suit 
shall not be either of the Muhammadan or Hindu persuasions, the laws of those religions shall not be permitted to operate to deprive such party or parties of any property to which, but for the operation of such laws, they would have been entitled; and whereas it will be beneficial to extend the principle 
of that enactment throughout the territories subject to the government of the East India Company ; It is enacted as follows :—
1 Short title, "The Caste Disabilities Removal Act, 1860." See the Indian Short Titles Act, 1897 (XIV of 1897).

</doc>
<doc id="20618843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618843" title="Remix (book)">
Remix (book)

Remix: Making Art and Commerce Thrive in the Hybrid Economy is Lawrence Lessig's fifth book. It is available as a free download under a Creative Commons license. It details a hypothesis about the societal effect of the Internet, and how this will affect production and consumption of popular culture.
Summary.
In "Remix" Lawrence Lessig, a Harvard law professor and a respected voice in what he deems the "copyright wars", describes the disjuncture between the availability and relative simplicity of remix technologies and copyright law. Lessig insists that copyright law as it stands now is antiquated for digital media since every "time you use a creative work in a digital context, the technology is making a copy" (98). Thus, amateur use and appropriation of digital technology is under unprecedented control that previously extended only to professional use. 
Lessig insists that knowledge and manipulation of multi-media technologies is the current generation's form of "literacy"- what reading and writing was to the previous. It is the vernacular of today. The children growing up in a world where these technologies permeate their daily life are unable to comprehend why "remixing" is illegal. Lessig insists that amateur appropriation in the digital age cannot be stopped but only 'criminalized'. Thus most corrosive outcome of this tension is that generations of children are growing up doing what they know is "illegal" and that notion has societal implications that extend far beyond copyright wars. The book is now available as a free download under one of the Creative Commons' licenses.
Read-Only Culture vs. Read/Write Culture.
Lessig outlines two cultures - the read-only culture (RO) and the read/write culture (RW). The RO culture is the culture we consume more or less passively. The information or product is provided to us by a 'professional' source, the content industry, that possesses an authority on that particular product/information. Analog technologies inherently supported RO culture's business model of production and distribution and limited the role of the consumer to just that, 'consuming'.
Digital technology, however, does not have the 'natural' constraints of the analog that preceded it."What before was both impossible and illegal is now just illegal"(38). Steve Jobs was the first to see potential in this new market made possible by digital technology. RO culture had to be recoded in order to compete with the "free" distribution made possible by the Internet. iTunes Music store was proof of this. While it provided digital music it was protected by a Digital Rights Management (DRM)code from re-distribution. Lessig uses this key example to show that it is possible to achieve a business model which balances access and control and is equally attractive to both the consumers and the creators. In addition, digital technologies have changed the way we think about 'access'. Today most of us would never structure our day around a particular program because we know that it is most likely available online - even if not necessarily free of charge. Lessig insists, using Amazon as his premiere example, that the future of entertainment and advertising lies in accumulating information about a consumer and tailoring the product to their preferences.
As opposed to RO culture, Read/Write culture has a reciprocal relationship between the producer and the consumer. Taking works, such as songs, and appropriating them in private circles is exemplary of RW culture, which was considered to be the 'popular' culture before the advent of reproduction technologies. The technologies and copyright laws that soon followed, however, changed the dynamics of popular culture. As it became professionalized people were taught to defer production to the professionals. 
Lessig posits that digital technologies provide the tools for reviving RW culture and democratizing production. He uses blogs to explain the three layers of this democratization. Blogs have redefined our relationship to the content industry as they allowed access to non-professional content. The 'comments' feature that soon followed provided a space for readers to have a dialogue with the amateur contributors. 'Tagging' of the blogs by users based on the content provided the necessary layer for users to filter the sea of content according to their interest. The third layer added bots that analyzed the relationship between various websites by counting the clicks between them and, thus, organizing a database of preferences. The three layers working together established an "ecosystem of reputation"(61) that served to guide users through the blogosphere. Lessig uses the blog model to demonstrate a wider conclusion - while there is no doubt many amateur online publications cannot compete with the validity of professional sources, the democratization of digital RW culture and the 'ecosystem of reputation' provides a space for many talented voices to be heard that was not available in the pre-digital RO model.
The Remix.
Lessig argues that today digital culture permeates our lifestyle to such extent - an average teenager will spend an hour per weekend day using the computer for leisure and only 7 minutes reading - that "it is no surprise that these other forms of 'creating' are becoming an increasingly dominant form of 'writing' "(69). Previous generations used textual quotes to build on writings before them. Today, this process of quoting or collage is manifest through digital media. The remix utilizes the (multi-media) language through which the current generations communicate. They quote content from various sources to create something "new". Thus, the remix provides a commentary on the sounds and images it utilizes the same way a critical essay provides commentary on the texts it quotes. One of Lessig's favorite remix examples is the "Bush and Blair Love Song" which remixes images of President Bush and Tony Blair to make it appear as if they are lip-synching Lionel Richie's "Endless Love". "The message couldn't be more powerful: an emasculated Britain,as captured in the puppy love of its leader for Bush" (74). This remix in Lessig's eyes is exemplary of the power this type of expression holds - to not tell but show. Using preexisting images is vital to the art form because the production of meaning draws heavily on cultural reference an image or sound brings with it.
Their meaning comes not from the content of what they say; it comes from the reference, which is expressible only if it is the original that gets used. (p.74)
Lessig describes the remix phenomenon instrumental in creating cultural literacy and a critical view of media and advertising that permeates our daily lives. But, as it stands today, copyright law will inhibit education employing these digital forms of literacy for institutions will shy away from use that might be deemed 'illegal'. Yet, Lessig reiterates, the remix form of expression cannot be killed, only criminalized.
Commercial Economies vs. Sharing Economies.
In addition to describing two cultures Lessig also proposes two economies: the commercial and the sharing. The "commercial economy" is governed by the simple logic of the market, where products and services have a tangible economic value, be it money or labor. The Internet has been extremely successful as a portal for commercial economies to flourish - improving existing businesses and serving as a platform for thousands of new ones. It has been exceptionally fruitful of businesses that cater to a niche market - exemplified by such companies as Amazon and Netflix which provide a range of items that could not be accommodated by one physical space. This dynamic has been outlined by "Wired""s editor in chief, Chris Anderson, in his book "The Long Tail". Another obvious success story of a digital commercial economy is Google, which has managed to create value from value others have already created.
The "sharing economy" functions outside monetary exchange. We all belong to sharing economies - most obvious examples are our friendships and relationships. This economy is regulated not by a metric of price but by a set of social relations. Like the commercial economy, the sharing economy extends into the digital realm. Lessig's favorite example is Wikipedia itself. The top ten most visited website relies on user contribution - from creation to editing - for its content and gives no monetary incentive for this contribution. While providing the option of anonymity, the users of Wikipedia have been remarkably consistent with the site's suggestions - be it regarding consistent aesthetic or neutral point of view. A vital characteristic of a successful sharing economy is people are in it because they want to be.
Hybrids.
Lessig does a number of case studies of three types of successful hybrids.
Community spaces.
Lessig cites sites such as Dogster, Craigslist, Flickr, and YouTube as successful internet community spaces that answer demand of the users who, in turn, reciprocate through sharing content and self-regulating by flagging inappropriate content. At the same time the sites make revenue through advertisements but are extremely careful to not overwhelm the users and disrupt the sense of community.
Collaboration spaces.
Collaboration hybrids center on the belief of the users that they are working towards a common goal or "building" something together. Lessig's notable examples are volunteers of Usenet that help those technologically-in-need solve computer problems - from minor to complex. They are not paid or recognized by Microsoft yet they are instrumental in building value for the company. Similarly, "Yahoo!Answers" launched in December 2005 has gathered an enormous following of people answering other people's questions for free. They do not participate for any incentive other than to share their expertise and help others. In this category Lessig also cites the now infamous Heather Lawver 2000 case after the teenager started a fan site for J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series, only to be constantly 'threatened' by Warner for illegal use of copyrighted content. Eight years later many large corporations have, at least in part, learned from Warner's mistake and Lawver's persuasive argument of the Potter Wars: fans are "a part of your marketing budget that you don't have to pay for". Thus lighter control of content use allows fans to share their appropriation of content while promoting it free. Everyone wins.
Communities.
Lessig's third category lacks the 'spaces' qualification of the previous two because they create a community on a much grander, or more comprehensive scale. One such community is Second Life through which users can immerse themselves in a virtual environment and build a multi-faceted life not unlike real life but without the same limitations, while creating value by producing and sharing new codes for the program.
Lessig concludes that a feeling of ownership and contribution is vital to making hybrid communities function. These communities are not built on sacrifice but on mutual satisfaction in which both the consumer and producer benefit. 
Parallel economies can coexist, the author insists, and are not mutually exclusive. In fact, crossover is not uncommon, particularly in the world of the Creative Commons which Lessig helped found. Many artists that have initially licensed their work under a CC license, that allowed others to share and remix their work as long as they were credited, have used the momentum from this visibility to crossover to the commercial economy.
Lessig warns that hybrid economies will do well to avoid what he calls sharecropping, that is corporations forcing the remixer to give up the right to his/her creation (providing they don't own the rights to all/some of its components)even if they plan to use their work for commercial purposes. 
The hybrid that respects the rights of the creator - both the original creator and the remixer - is more likely to survive that the one that doesn't. (p. 246)
Reforming copyright law.
Lessig outlines 5 steps that will put us on the path towards more efficient and sound copyright law.
Conclusion.
In his final chapter "Reforming Us", Lessig insists that in order to move towards ending the senseless copyright wars, which are mostly harming our children, we must understand that governmental control has its limits.
The children growing up in a digital age are seeing these laws as senseless and corrupt and, more importantly, trivial as they continue to remix and download despite it. Lessig warns that this phenomenon can have a larger trickle-down effect towards a child's view of law in general. When put in this light, copyright reform carries much larger implications for the morality of the digital age generations.
In popular culture.
On an episode of the "Colbert Report" with Lessig as a guest, Stephen Colbert made fun of the book's status under Creative Commons by taking a copy, signing it, and then proclaiming it the 'Colbert' edition for sale. Lessig laughed.

</doc>
<doc id="20618853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618853" title="Coyote Mountains">
Coyote Mountains

The Coyote Mountains are a small mountain range in San Diego and Imperial counties of southern California. The Coyotes form a narrow ESE trending wide range with a length of about . The southeast end turns and forms a north trending "hook". The highest point is Carrizo Mountain on the northeast end with an elevation of . Mine Peak at the northwest end of the range has an elevation of . Coyote Wash along I-8 along the southeast margin of the range is 100 to 300 feet in elevation. Plaster City lies in the Yuha Desert about east of the east end of the range.
To the southeast lie the Jacumba Mountains and the Volcanic Hills. To the north and northeast lie the Carrizo Badlands, the Carrizo Valley and the Fish Creek Mountains. The west end of the range is within the Anza-Borrego Desert State Park and the east end is within the Carrizo Naval Gunnery Range. The international border lies approximately south of the southeast margin of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="20618857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618857" title="Sobhadero">
Sobhadero

Sobhadero Sekhat is a town in the Khairpur District of Sindh province, Pakistan. It is located at 27°18'0N 68°24'0E with an altitude of 46 metres (154 feet). It is a Taluka Head Quarter and near a Ranipur city. It has been made as Talko Head quaretr of District Khairpur.It is about 13 kilometers away from Ranipur Riyasat, Sind.

</doc>
<doc id="20618863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618863" title="Live Europaturnén MCMXCVII">
Live Europaturnén MCMXCVII

Live Europaturnén MCMXCVII is a live album by Pavement, which was recorded at a concert in Europe in 1997. Though it was originally planned for official release on Matador Records that same year, it was not actually released until 2008. Only available in 12" vinyl format, the album was included as part of a bonus offer for those who pre-ordered "" - the deluxe re-issue edition of Pavement's 1997 album "Brighten the Corners" - from certain independent record shops.
The song titles for "Live Europaturnén MCMXCVII" are listed only on the record labels, and not on the actual album sleeve. Most of them also differ in spelling, or are entirely different from what is listed on the band's studio albums for the same songs.
Reception.
The record's belated release has been met with a positive critical response. Monday Field of Frank Booth Review gave the album 90/100, championing not only the strong performances, but also the production and choice of format, stating that "like Pavement’s early work, this was made for vinyl ... its playful warmth radiates through every groove."

</doc>
<doc id="20618868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618868" title="Goldfields region of Victoria">
Goldfields region of Victoria

The Goldfields region of Victoria is a region commonly used but typically defined in both historical geography and tourism geography (in particular heritage tourism).
Description.
It takes in a specific area of North Central Victoria, the major cities of Ballarat and Bendigo as well as smaller centres including Daylesford, Victoria, Castlemaine and Maryborough. It extends as far north as Inglewood and St Arnaud. It encroaches on the Western District near Ararat. Other significant towns include Maldon, Creswick, Clunes, Avoca and Buninyong. 
Although the region has a strong association with the Victorian gold rush there are, however, significant towns associated with the gold rush and gold mining located outside of this region - notable examples include Walhalla, Warrandyte, Chiltern and Beechworth. The goldfields region is more strongly linked to the impact than Victorian Gold Rush than the discovery of gold in Victoria. 
As a result of the gold rush, the region contains many old buildings, some celebrated examples of Victorian architecture and some which are now derelict and some ghost towns and many of the towns were far larger during the boom times than they are now. The region contains a significant number of heritage registered buildings. Major tourism icons include Sovereign Hill, Eureka Stockade site and the Bendigo Talking Tram. The region is also associated with the Origins of Australian rules football, particularly as the home of Tom Wills, some of the earliest known clubs and games, the origin of the indigenous tradition of marngrook and Irish immigrant pastime of caid in Australia.
Demographically, the population of the region is approximately 244,900 The region has a well defined road tourist route. The area retains a significant gold mining industry and remains a popular for fossicking.
The Goldfields region is also associated as a wine growing region with a large number of established vineyards and popular wineries. An important ecosystem associated with the region is the Box-Ironbark forest, now much fragmented and cleared but still important for the conservation of many birds and other animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20618869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618869" title="Retreat (Port Tobacco, Maryland)">
Retreat (Port Tobacco, Maryland)

Retreat is a historic home located at Port Tobacco, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a one story, clapboard-sheathed, frame house with a double chimney. The principal part of the house was built about 1770. Also located on the property is a frame, pyramid-roofed meathouse, dating from the early 19th century, and moved here from another historic property in the county known as "Brentland" in 1953. The home, approached by a private gravel road, is surrounded by cultivated fields, meadows, and woodland, preserving its original agricultural and rural setting. The house is one of the earliest known examples of the side-passage, two-room dwelling in Charles County. It is associated with Daniel of St. Thomas Jenifer and Daniel Jenifer. 
Retreat was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20618879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618879" title="Hoeryeongbong">
Hoeryeongbong

Hoeryeongbong is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20618888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618888" title="İnstitut">
İnstitut

İnstitut is a settlement and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,946.

</doc>
<doc id="20618899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618899" title="Əhmədbəyli, Samukh">
Əhmədbəyli, Samukh

Əhmədbəyli (known as Əli Bayramlı until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,521.

</doc>
<doc id="20618900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618900" title="Bob Froehlich">
Bob Froehlich

Robert J. Froehlich, better known as "Dr. Bob" (born April 28, 1953), is an American independent director, baseball owner, strategist, author, TV personality and lecturer.
Work biography.
Froehlich's work experience began in the Steel Mills of Pittsburgh, where he worked for four summers from 1971 to 1975 at U.S. Steel as a general laborer while attending college. This job along with his student loans (which he paid back in full) enabled him to pay for his entire college education. From 1971 to 1973, Froehlich was a semi-pro baseball player for the North Side Mets in the Greater Pittsburgh Semi-Pro Federation Baseball League that began in 1929. Since that time, Froehlich has amassed over 35 years of experience in and around Wall Street. He began his career in the public sector from 1975 to 1978, as a Budget Analyst for the City of Dayton, Ohio, with a budget of $100 million. He had primary responsibility for two of the largest departments: Water and Police. From 1978 to 1981, he served as the Chief Financial Officer for Montgomery County, Ohio's Water and Sewer District with annual operating revenues of $75 million. In 1981, he was appointed the first City Manager for Beavercreek, Ohio, one of the youngest City Managers ever in Ohio. They had an operating budget of $5 million. He served there until 1985, when he transitioned to the private sector, where he was a senior executive with Ernst & Whinney from 1985 to 1989, responsible for a national practice that conducted financial feasibility studies and financial consulting to tax exempt entities. He also served as the Campaign Finance Chairman and Treasurer of The Leonard Committee for Paul R. Leonard, the 58th Lieutenant Governor of Ohio. From 1989 to 1997, he held several senior executive roles at Van Kampen Merritt, which after its merger with American Capital became Van Kampen American Capital, with over $50 billion in assets across 75 different mutual funds. He began there as the Director of Municipal Research and left as the firm's first Chief Investment Strategist. He then joined Kemper Funds, with $75 billion in assets among 50 different funds, as their Vice Chairman in 1997. In 2001, he was appointed Vice Chairman of Scudder Investments when Scudder Funds merged with Kemper Funds. Combined they had assets of over $200 billion in 129 funds. In 2002, when Deutsche Bank acquired Scudder Investments, Froehlich was named Vice Chairman of Deutsche Asset Management, a role he held until 2009. In 2009, until his retirement in 2012, Dr. Bob was a Senior Executive with The Hartford Mutual Funds where he also served as an Officer of all 55 funds with assets totaling $84 billion.
Corporate governance biography.
Since his retirement from "Wall Street", Froehlich has begun a new chapter in his professional career by building a portfolio of boards spanning public, private, mutual fund and not-for-profit organizations. On December 6, 2013, Froehlich was elected an Independent Trustee and Audit Committee and Governance Committee member for Highland Capital Mutual Funds. Highland offers alternative, equity, fixed income and asset allocation products through 14 different funds and has assets under management of $3.5 billion. On April 25, 2013, Froehlich was appointed an Independent Trustee and Audit Committee member for Realty Capital Income Funds and on February 4, 2014 he was elected Audit Committee Chairman. These mutual funds are sponsored by AR Capital, a full-service investment firm that provides alternative solutions in a public format. In January 2013, he was appointed an Independent Director and Audit Committee member and Conflicts Committee member for ARC Healthcare Trust II, Inc., a publicly registered non-traded real estate investment program that acquires a diversified portfolio of real estate properties, focusing primarily on healthcare-related assets including medical office buildings, seniors housing and other healthcare-related facilities. Also in January 2013, Froehlich was appointed an Independent Director and Audit Committee member and Conflicts Committee member for ARC Realty Finance Trust, Inc., a publicly registered non-traded real estate investment program that acquires, originates and manages a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate debt investments secured by income producing properties located primarily within the United States.
Finally on January 7, 2013, Froehlich was appointed to the Board of Directors of American Sports Enterprise, Inc., which operates a professional baseball club (Kane County Cougars) in Illinois and operates 5/3 Bank Ballpark. He was also appointed to the Board of Directors of KC Concessions, Inc., an entertainment company that holds the liquor license and owns the food and beverage equipment at 5/3rd Bank Ballpark. On that same date, he became a co-owner and the largest minority shareholder of the Kane County Cougars, the Class "A" minor league baseball affiliate of the Chicago Cubs and a member of the Midwest League. In November 2012, Dr Bob was appointed an Independent Director and Audit Committee Chairman and Conflicts Committee member for several of sponsor American Realty Capital's investment products. He also continues to serve as an Independent Director for privately held company Davidson Investment Advisors, Inc. Appointed in 2009, Davidson provides professional money management to institutions, foundations, corporations, affluent investors and trusts. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Davidson Companies and currently manages over $1 billion in client assets.
Previously, Froehlich was on the Board of Trustees of the University of Dayton (U.D.) from 1998 to 2008. U.D. is one of the nation's ten largest Catholic universities and Ohio's largest university with an operating budget of $400 million. While on the Board, he was on the Executive Committee, Academic Affairs Committee, and served as Chairman of the Investment Committee, overseeing a $500 million endowment. From 1989 to 1997, he served as a Director for McCarthy, Crisanti & Maffei, Inc., a privately held economic research firm with revenues of $75 million, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Xerox Financial Corporation. MCM has since been split up and part of it is now with Duff & Phelps Research and the rest is a subsidiary of Global Decisions Group, L.L.C. Finally from 1986 to 1989, Froehlich served as Commissioner & Governing Board Member of the Hamilton County Ohio's Children Services Commission. The Commission was a countywide organization responsible for taking reports of child abuse and neglect and acting to protect children at risk.
Published works.
Froehlich is an expert on global financial markets, global economies, currencies and global demographic trends. He was named to three different All American Institutional Research Teams in 1991, 1993 and 1994. This expertise has gained him international acclaim, where he has delivered a keynote speech on investing in 107 different countries. This expertise has also resulted in the publishing of six books. His latest book, "ANTs: Using Alternative and Non-Traditional Investments to Allocate Your Assets in an Uncertain World", published by John Wiley & Sons (January 2011), shows the average investor why alternative and non-traditional investments, like real estate, commodities and currencies are necessary for both preserving wealth and growing investments in the face of the ever increasing volatility of the world's financial markets.
"A Bull for All Seasons" was published by McGraw Hill in September 2008. It is a compilation of Dr. Bob's most prescient commentaries from the past decade, in which he explains the issues and events that drove his investment choices. As pertinent now as when they were written, these commentaries have stood the test of time and prove that there is always a bull market somewhere in the world. It has since been translated into simplified Chinese by McGraw Hill's International Education Book Division, into Korean by ReadingLeader Publishing House, into Chinese Traditional (Hong Kong version) by Red Corporation Limited and into Polish by Wolters Kluwer Polska.
"Investment Megatrends" was published by John Wiley & Sons in January, 2006, it maps the pitfalls and opportunities of demographic data, including what to look for and where. Dr. Bob identifies four prominent global shifts and investment strategies that could benefit from these shifts, based in part on his experience traveling the world and seeing these shifts for himself. It has since been translated into Korean by Gimm-Young Publishers, translated into Chinese by Cite Publishing, Ltd. and translated into German by Borsen Buch Verlag Publishing.
"Where The Money Is", published by John Wiley & Sons in July, 2001, identifies the dominant global investment trends and themes for the decade ahead and explains how his newest investment discovery, which he has dubbed "Sectornomics" (Sectornomics is a registered trademark of Dr. Bob Froehlich - 2001) will change investment strategy forever. This book reached #1 Best-Seller on Amazon.com for investment books (August 29, 2001) and has since been translated into Korean by ChungRim Publishing, Orthodox Chinese by Wealth Press of the Republic of China and into Simplified Chinese by the China Machine Press of The People's Republic of China.
"The Three Bears Are Dead!" was published by Forbes in April 1998, and it explores the investment impact of low inflation, falling interest rates and declining government spending around the globe.
His first book, "A Guide for Understanding County Government in Ohio", published by Reflections Press in January 1981, highlighted the pitfalls and opportunities of doing business with county governments in Ohio.
Education.
He received his Ph.D. from California Coast University in 1979, an M.A. from Central Michigan University in 1978, M.P.A. from the University of Dayton in 1976 and a B.A. from the University of Dayton in 1975. In 2008, he was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Commercial Sciences from the Board of Trustees of Central Michigan University.
TV personality.
Dr. Bob was one of the industries most mediagenic personalities, having regular television appearances on CNBC, Fox News, CNN and Bloomberg TV. He was one of the regular guest co-hosts for one of CNBC’s "Squawk Box" and a frequent guest co-host for CNBC Europe’s “Squawk Box” based in London and he has also appeared as a guest co-host on CNBC Asia’s “Squawk Box” based in Singapore. He was the only person to ever be a “Squawk Box” guest host in all three locations; Singapore, London and New York. In addition to "Squawk Box", Dr. Bob has appeared as a guest on every CNBC program. He was one of the regular guests on "The Kudlow Report". He was also selected as one of the original regular guest financial commentators when CNN launched its new network, CNNfn, in December 1995. At Fox News Dr. Bob became one of the regular “special guests” on their highest rated weekend show, "Bulls and Bears". In October 2007 when Fox launched its new business network, Fox Business, it too called on Dr. Bob to help launch the new network by appearing as a guest on the first day. He has been interviewed on some of the industry’s most prestigious investment programs, including "Wall Street Week With Louis Rukeyser", “Money Line” with Lou Dobbs, “The MacNeil/Lehrer News Hour” and “World Business” with Alexander Haig.
Locally, Dr. Bob was asked to be one of the first guests when CBS 2 WBBM TV Chicago launched a new show, "Monsters And Money In The Morning", in February 2010. He remained a frequent contributor to this early morning talk show that was a mix of local sports and personal money management issues. He also served as one of their first ever “guest” co-hosts on "Monsters And Money In The Morning". The "Chicago Tribune" wrote about Froehlich: "The error-prone strategists and economists make the mistake of believing that the future will unfold just like the past. There are others, however, who have eyes to see the dust in the distance, ears to hear the hoof-beats of the thundering herd, and noses to smell the money to be made. One of those is Dr. Bob.”
Personal life.
Froehlich is married to Cheryl and has two grown daughters, Marianne and Stephanie. He and his wife currently reside in Willowbrook, Illinois. He was born April 28, 1953 in Pittsburgh, PA, U.S.A.

</doc>
<doc id="20618901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618901" title="Christopher Williams (cricketer)">
Christopher Williams (cricketer)

Christopher Williams (born 15 November 1954) was an Australian cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Bedfordshire. He was born in Gosford.
Williams made a single List A appearance, during the 1982 NatWest Trophy, against Somerset. Batting in the tailend, he scored 20 not out in the only List A innings in which he batted, as well as picking up bowling figures of 0–47 from the 12 overs in which he bowled.

</doc>
<doc id="20618911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618911" title="İstixana">
İstixana

İstixana is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 656.

</doc>
<doc id="20618916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618916" title="Bağbanlar, Samukh">
Bağbanlar, Samukh

Bağbanlar is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 372.

</doc>
<doc id="20618919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618919" title="Qaraarx">
Qaraarx

Qaraarx is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 500.

</doc>
<doc id="20618940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618940" title="Doddiscombsleigh">
Doddiscombsleigh

Doddiscombsleigh is a small settlement in Devon, England. It is southwest of the city of Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="20618942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618942" title="Jamdusan">
Jamdusan

Jamdusan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20618950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618950" title="Yenibağ">
Yenibağ

Yenibağ is a village in the municipality of Qarayeri in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20618959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618959" title="Rule/Sparkle">
Rule/Sparkle

"Rule/Sparkle" is Japanese singer Ayumi Hamasaki's forty-fifth single (forty-sixth overall) and it was released on February 25, 2009. The song "Rule" was used as the international theme song for "Dragonball Evolution." "Sparkle" is used in advertisements for the Honda Zest Spark. The single became Hamasaki's 20th consecutive single to debut at number-one position since her 2002 single "Free & Easy" on the Oricon weekly charts, making her the first solo artist and the female artist to have 20 consecutive singles to debut at number-one position. It is also her 32nd number-one single on the Oricon weekly charts.
The single is certified Gold for shipment of 100,000 copies.
Information.
Rule/Sparkle is released with 3 different covers, one for the CD+DVD version of the single and two others to be used for the CD only versions. Akira Toriyama, the creator and manga artist behind "Dragon Ball", was commissioned by Avex Trax to draw an illustration of Hamasaki. The first pressing of the single features his illustration of Ayumi as the character Son Goku printed on the CD and the DVD. This is her first single since "No Way to Say" to feature more than two alternate versions or remixes of any tracks. Sparkle is described as a having modern techno-dance style, a new sound to Hamasaki at the time.
Music video.
Background and synopsis.
Rule was filmed in January 2009, Because the music video of Sparkle was not featured on the DVD of the single, it was filmed a little bit late. The director of Sparkle were Kazuyoshi Shimomura and the director for Rule was Ishii Takahide, some back-up dancers were in both videos. The making of sparkle was leaked online on the 23, March 2009. The teaser for Rule aired February 3, 2009 and the teaser for Sparkle aired March 13, 2009. The full music video for Rule premiered Saturday, February 14, 2009 and Sparkle premiered Monday, March 16, 2009.
The PV for Rule features Ayumi as a mistress of a martial arts dojo. It begins with bells ringing, Then, it shows men students running to the Dojo class, then, ayumi is opens a door to let herself in and she dances with her students, the next scene shows ayumi sitting down on a chair, in the room of the Dojo. In her verses, it also shown a scene where ayumi is in a silver dress in a silver room. In the last verse, students try to escape, but then it changes the scene where the male students with devil mask on, She then dances with her students, then Ayumi makes a storm hit on the male dancers revealing their devil mask one more time and making them fade away, Then it only shows her and her normal six male dancers.
The PV for Sparkle begins with a chart of her old hit songs such as Blue Bird, Talkin 2 Myself and Days then the last song says Sparkle, then it starts off as Ayumi sings for a crowd wearing a sweet lolita dress. As the song progresses, Ayu's sweet image disappears and she transforms into a raven-haired seductive dominatrix wearing different colored catsuits, she starts in a red catsuit, in the chorus, it shown ayumi in a purple catsuit, with six male, seductive back-up dancers in red PVC catsuits, who were wearing gas masks, even PVC gloves and socks, also as the first verse ended the gas masked dancers were shown. The next verse shown Ayumi in her purple catsuit wearing glasses or her eyes are red, then, it shows her, in a black-tight catsuit spinning and with a red background. The next chorus shows Ayumi in her red catsuit in a black room. Also, there were random scenes of the dancers in the black room and red room, The video ends as the seductive images of Ayu fade away and she reverts to her old sweet self.

</doc>
<doc id="20618964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618964" title="CD Aviación">
CD Aviación

Club Deportivo Aviación is a football team based in Madrid in the autonomous community of Community of Madrid. Founded in 1970. Its stadium is Estadio Pedro Vives with a capacity of 1,500 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20618996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20618996" title="Jangmisan">
Jangmisan

Jangmisan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20619020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619020" title="Christopher Whyborn">
Christopher Whyborn

Christopher Whyborn (born August 19, 1966) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cambridgeshire. He was born in Winchester.
Whyborn represented Cambridgeshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1995 and 1997, and also played in the MCC Trophy Competition of 1997, in which Cambridgeshire reached the quarter final stage. Whyborn's sole List A appearance came in the 1997 NatWest Trophy competition, against Hampshire. Batting as a tailender, Whyborn scored seven runs, and produced bowling figures of 1-62, taking the wicket of Matthew Hayden.

</doc>
<doc id="20619029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619029" title="TREE-META">
TREE-META

The TREE-META (aka Tree Meta and TREEMETA) Translator Writing System is a Compiler-compiler system for context-free languages originally developed in the 1960s. Parsing statements of the metalanguage resemble Backus-Naur Form with embedded tree-building directives. Output producing rules include extensive tree-scanning and code-generation constructs.
History.
TREE-META was instrumental in the development of the On-Line System and was ported to many systems including the Univac 1108, GE 645, SDS-940, ICL 1906A, PERQ, and UCSD p-System.
TREE-META was the last of a line of metacompilers, starting with META II, right before subsequent versions were designated classified technology by the U.S. military and government agencies.
Example.
This is a complete example of a TREE-META program extracted (and untested) from the more complete (declarations, conditionals, and blocks) example in Appendix 6 of the ICL 1900 TREE-META manual. That document also has a definition of TREE-META in TREE-META in Appendix 3. This program is not just a recognizer, but also outputs the assembly language for the input. It demonstrates one of the key features of TREE-META which is tree pattern matching. It is used on both the LHS (GET and VAL for example) and the RHS (ADD and SUB). This example doesn't show the other key feature (and what distinguishes TREE-META from the other META II based languages) which is tree transforming rules.
codice_1

</doc>
<doc id="20619032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619032" title="Crystal Hills">
Crystal Hills

The Crystal Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in extreme southwestern section of Death Valley National Park, California.
The small range is located in northern San Bernardino County. 
The dominant Panamint Range lies to the north of the Crystal Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20619039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619039" title="Jangsan (Gangwon)">
Jangsan (Gangwon)

Jangsan is a mountain between the city of Taebaek and the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20619051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619051" title="William A. Nimick">
William A. Nimick

William A. Nimick was the owner of the Pittsburgh Alleghenys/Pirates baseball team of the National League from through . In 1887, Nimick purchased the club from Denny McKnight. He sold the Pirates to William Kerr and Phil Auten in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="20619063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619063" title="Spye Park (White Plains, Maryland)">
Spye Park (White Plains, Maryland)

Spye Park is a historic home located at White Plains, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a modestly scaled, -story, three-bay frame Colonial dwelling built about 1767. The house's present plan and appearance is the result of a series of 19th- and early-20th-century alterations to the original structure, which was a rectangular, one-room-deep building with end chimneys. Also on the property is a timber-framed tobacco barn, a former animal barn, a cornhouse, a poultry house/machine shed, and a wellhouse.
Spye Park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20619065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619065" title="The Hindu Inheritance (Removal of Disabilities) Act, 1928">
The Hindu Inheritance (Removal of Disabilities) Act, 1928

The Hindu Inheritance (Removal of Disabilities) Act, 1928 was enacted to abolish the exclusion from inheritance of certain classes of heirs, and to remove certain doubts regarding their ability to inherit property. The Act specifies that persons who are diseased, deformed or physically or mentally handicapped cannot be disqualified from their right to own or share joint-family property unless the law specifies otherwise. This Act essentially abolishes the ancient Hindu legal practice that those who are handicapped are ineligible to inherit property from their family.

</doc>
<doc id="20619075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619075" title="The Whisky Distilleries of the United Kingdom">
The Whisky Distilleries of the United Kingdom

The Whisky Distilleries of the United Kingdom is a book originally published in 1887. It was the result of a two year tour of Scotland, Ireland and England by Alfred Barnard, in which he visited an incredible 162 whisky distilleries.

</doc>
<doc id="20619079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619079" title="Cuyamaca Mountains">
Cuyamaca Mountains

The Cuyamaca Mountains, locally the Cuyamacas, are a mountain range in San Diego County, California. The mountains run roughly northwest to southeast. The highest elevations are Cuyamaca Peak at and Stonewall Peak at . The San Diego River and the Sweetwater River both rise in the Cuyamacas. The Cuyamaca Reservoir lies adjacent to the east side of the range.
The mountains are part of the Cleveland National Forest and contain Cuyamaca Rancho State Park.
Julian lies north of the range and the towns of Descanso, Pine Valley and Guatay lie to the south.
Interstate 8 passes through the southern part of the Cuyamaca Mountains. State Rt. 79, known as the Cuyamaca Highway, runs north–south along the eastern part of the mountains.
Gold rush.
Gold was discovered in the Cuyamacas in 1870 and the mountains were subject to a gold rush. Towns and encampments of Coleman City, Branson City, Eastwood, Julian, and Banner sprang up to support the miners. First a mining camp called Stonewall(1873-1876), then the company town of Stratton (1887-1888), renamed Cuyamaca City (1888-1906), at its peak had a population of 500 and served the Stonewall Mine. The town was abandoned after mining operations ceased, and few traces of it exist. The site of the town now lies within Cuyamaca Rancho State Park. Other gold mines were supported by the town of Julian, which celebrates its mining history with an annual festival called Gold Rush Days. The Eagle-High Peak Mine, no longer productive, is now a museum and gives daily tours.

</doc>
<doc id="20619083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619083" title="The Hangover (Funkoars album)">
The Hangover (Funkoars album)

The Hangover is the third album from South Australian hip hop artists, Funkoars. The album was released on 29 November 2008 on the group's own label, Peepshow Entertainment. The album debuted at #8 on the ARIA Top 40 Urban Albums Chart.
The first single from the album, "Black Sally", extensively samples New Zealand psych-rock band, Human Instinct's single of the same name, with the video clip featuring Human Instinct's vocalist/drummer, Maurice Greer.
Track listing.
All songs written by Daniel Yates, Daniel Rankine, Matt Honson and Adam Baker, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20619086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619086" title="Agartala Baptist Church">
Agartala Baptist Church

Agartala Baptist Church is a Baptist Church in the city of Agartala, the capital of Tripura state in India. It is affiliated to the Tripura Baptist Christian Union (TBCU) and is located in Arundhutinagar in the southern part of Agartala city.
History.
It is the oldest church in Agartala and was established in the 1930s.
Religion has long been a source of tension in Tripura, with the state government accusing the TBCU of links with the National Liberation Front of Tripura, which would be proscribed as a terrorist organisation in the 2002 Prevention of Terrorism Act. Guards had to be posted outside the headquarters of the Baptist Church in Agartala for fear of reprisals after the secretary of the Noapara Baptist Church was arrested in possession of explosives. Such fears were justified; the church in the nearby district of Krishnanagar was attacked by a mob in February the following year.
Location.
It is located inside the Baptist Mission Compound in Arundhutinagar.
Community.
"Pastor" : 
"Deacons":
"Committee":
"Membership"
There are more than 70 families related to the church.
Affiliation.
The church comes under the Abhicharan Circle of the Sadar North Baptist Association of TBCU.
Activities.
"Sunday" :
"Saturday" :

</doc>
<doc id="20619096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619096" title="Ranipur, Pakistan">
Ranipur, Pakistan

Ranipur is a town in Khairpur district of Sindh province in Pakistan. 
History.
It was established before the Kalhora reign of Sindh (1701 to 1783 AD). A unique city between two canals Rohri canal on east and Abul canal on west.Rani means queen it is said that name of city is based on one of princess of Darya Khan who rules Thatta. It become famous first time in British occupation when an anti khilafat movement was operated from Ranipur city by the Pir's of the city to protect the interest of British Raj occupation in Sindh and South Asia. In Movement for Restoration of Democracy it become famous again when a peaceful protest was fired by the government agencies, Army and Police in Martial Law of notorious dictator General Zia ul Haq in which Mahitab Ali Bhellar s/o Jeal Khan Bhellar was took (expired) during the MRD movement at Ranipur. Ranipur is a main town and Union Council of the Khairpur District of Sindh province, Pakistan.
Educational Institutes Government Primary Boys School Ranipur was established in 1892 AD. Government High School Ranipur was founded in 1939, . Government Girls Primary School, Sachal Sarmast Degree College and Government Girls Degree College Ranipur are prime institute of city. Private sector, Ever shine College, Mazhar Muslim Model School College, Bahria Foundation College, Yasier Public High School, and Mehran Public High School are famous.It is third main city of Khairpur District after Gambat.
The city is surrounded by the villages of tribes like Jamra, Juneja, Tagar, Brohi, Bhellar, kalhora, abbasi, Wateni Sarki, Shahani, Wasan, solangi and ghangra which often involveed in fetal conflicts with each other after brief episodes of peace.
Before partition of South Asia the commerce was controlled mostly by the local Hindus. They were forced to leave the city; Sindh slowly and gradually after the influx of Muslim refuges.
Culture.
Shrines. Few shrines make it popular in the country.There are shrine of Saleh Shah and Hajran shah famous as Bodelo Bahar. Nowadays this city is famous for the numerous Gates, 1. Babe Dastageer, 2. Babe Sachal Sarmast, 3. Babe Bodela, 4. Babe Saleh Sha, 5. Babe abdul Jabbar Sha. Pure milk of Ranipur " Sharif Bhellar dairy forms ".
In present days this city is famous for its numerous gates, 1. Babe Dategeer, 2. Babe Sachal Sarmast, 3. Babe Bodela, 4. Babe abdul Jabar Sha, 5. Babe saleh Sha.
Ranipur sugar mill is a famous landmark in Pakistan. It has large source of lime stone in the district. It is also famous pure milk of Bhellar family dairy forms "Sharif dairy forms".
Transportation.
Ranipur is located at kilometre marker 413 on the main N-5 National Highway.
1 kilometer at daraza sharif where is tomb of Sachal Sarmast a famous Sufi poet of Sind. Ranipur is heart of khairpur district and center of education of district.There are very famous institutes of sindh in ranipur like Mazahar Muslim Model Higher Secondary School Ranipur(was founded by Sir Qurban Ali Memon),Mehran Public School Ranipur and Ever Shine college Ranipur, Bahria college Ranipur, where students come from every corner of Sindh. 

</doc>
<doc id="20619105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619105" title="Henry Reuterdahl">
Henry Reuterdahl

Henry Reuterdahl (August 12, 1870 – December 21, 1925) was a Swedish-American painter highly acclaimed for his nautical artwork. He had a long relationship with the United States Navy. In addition to serving as a Lieutenant Commander in the United States Naval Reserve Force, he was selected by President Theodore Roosevelt to accompany the Great White Fleet voyage in 1907 to document the journey. In addition to his artwork, he was a frequent writer on naval topics, and served as an editor of "Jane's Fighting Ships".
Early life.
Reuterdahl was born in Malmö, Sweden. He received his academic education in Stockholm. He taught himself to draw, and in 1893 was commissioned to do illustrations of the World's Fair in Chicago. He decided to remain in the United States, and after his 1899 marriage to Pauline Stephenson of Chicago, he made his home in Weehawken, New Jersey. Although he never had any formal training in art, the self-taught Reuterdahl won a job as an illustrator-correspondent during the Spanish-American War. In the years prior to World War I, he traveled extensively with the Navy and became their official artist during the war, where he was head of the poster bureau. At that time, he was considered America's foremost naval artist.
Controversial article.
As a civilian, he was both enamored by and critical of the Navy. In January 1908, an article of his was published in "McClure's" that bluntly criticized the design of the Navy's battleships and blamed the errors on naval bureaucracy, whose "nature compels it to perpetuate mistakes". This was essentially a summary of his close friend William Sims's opinions, who had hoped to create enough of a controversy to force reforms in the Navy, namely the end of bureaucratic control over battleship technology and the establishment of promotion system based on ability. The article had a major impact, causing much consternation among not only the military, but in a large number of newspapers across the country as well. This was published after the Great White Fleet had already departed and when Reuterdahl left the fleet at Callao, Peru because of a serious illness in his family, it was falsely reported he was expelled from the journey. The article itself did eventually accomplish Sims's goals. In February 1908, the United States Senate ordered an investigation into the problems brought to light in the article. Five years later, after much effort spearheaded by Sims and Stephen B. Luce, Congress authorized a reorganization of the Department of the Navy.
Later life.
As an artist, Reuterdahl was a member of the Society of Illustrators and the American Watercolor Society. He exhibited his work in the 1913 Armory Show, although he was not considered a modernist. He also taught at the Art Students League of New York.
In September 1925, Reuterdahl was admitted to St. Elizabeths Government Hospital for the Insane where he died three months later. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20619115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619115" title="Dolyhir">
Dolyhir

Dolyhir is a small settlement in Powys, Wales. It is near the A44 road and is northwest of the city of Hereford.

</doc>
<doc id="20619116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619116" title="Ranipur">
Ranipur

Ranipur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20619119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619119" title="Valday Iversky Monastery">
Valday Iversky Monastery

Valday Iversky Monastery () is a Russian Orthodox monastery founded by Patriarch Nikon in 1653. The monastery is located on an island in Lake Valdayskoye in Valdaysky District of Novgorod Oblast, Russia, close to the town of Valday. In the 17th century, the Valday Iversky Monastery was one of the most influential monasteries in Russia and a significant cultural center. 
The monastery derives its name from the Iviron Monastery on Mount Athos. In the Valday Iversky Monastery, a copy of the icon of Theotocos Iverskaya was kept until 1920s, when it disappeared. The name of the Iveron Monastery, in its turn, originates from Iberia, an ancient Georgian kingdom.
History.
Nikon was elected Patriarch in 1652, and in 1653, he asked Tsar Alexey II permission to found a monastery in Valday. By the autumn of 1653, two wooden churches were in use. Nikon also ordered to transfer the relic of Saint Iosif of Borovichi to the monastery, which was done in February, 1654. In the same year, all lands around Lake Valdayskoye, including the "selos" of Valday, Borovichi, and Vyshny Volochyok, were declared the property of the monastery. The monastery became one of the biggest landowners in Russia.
In 1655, all monks from the former Orsha Kutein Monastery, located in the area of the present-day Belarus, moved to the Valday Iversky Monastery. One monk, Dionisy, was appointed a hegumen. This move was related to a difficult situation of the Orthodox Church in Poland. 
In the second half of the 17th century, the monastery became a center of culture and education. In particular, the monastery started to print books, the second such institution in Russia after the Moscow Print Yard. Production of porcelain tiles, the first one in Russia, started in the monastery. In 1656, the first stone church was completed. Nikon, as well as a number of metropolitans, personally attended the sanctification. For this occasion, a copy of the icon of Theotocos Iverskaya was made and placed in the monastery. Simultaneously, Nikon issued a prohibition to make further copies of the icon.
In 1666, Nikon was deposed, and all monasteries he supervised, including the Iversky monastery, were abolished. However, already in 1668 the monastery was re-established, and the former monks, including the hegumen, Filofey, returned.
In the 18th century, the monastery slowly declined. Between 1712 and 1730, it was subordinated to the Alexander Nevsky Lavra, located in Saint Petersburg. Much of the treasure kept in the Valday Iversky Monastery was transferred to the Lavra. An attempt to revive the former importance of the monastery was made in the 1850s. After the October Revolution, the monastery was first transformed into a labour cooperative in 1919, and in 1927, it was abolished. The monastery buildings housed a museum, a workshop, a hospital, a retirement home, and a recreation facility. The icon of the Theotocos Iverskaya disappeared in 1927 and was never recovered.
In 1991, the monastery was reopened. In the Peter and Paul Cathedral in Valday, a copy of the icon of the Theotocos Iverskaya, dating from 1854, survived. This copy was transferred to the monastery and remains there.
Architecture.
The construction of the monastery started in the 1650s. The oldest stone church built in the monastery (1656), the Assumption Cathedral, remains intact. Much of the ensemble of the monastery was created in the 1670s by a local architect, Afanasy Fomin. From this period, the Cathedral of the Epiphany, the Church of Archangel Michael, the St. Michael Tower, and the hegumen's chamber remain. The walls and the remaining towers were built at later periods.
List of hegumens.
The years of appointment and retirement/death for some hegumens are unknown or approximated.

</doc>
<doc id="20619124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619124" title="William Kerr (baseball)">
William Kerr (baseball)

William Kerr was the co-owner of the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team of the National League from through with Phil Auten. They purchased the team from William A. Nimick in 1891. They sold the Pirates to Barney Dreyfuss in 1900.
Kerr was known throughout the organization for his short temper. He changed managers frequently during his tenure with the Pirates. It was reported that after the 1896 Pirates season, in which the team posted a 66-63 record, team manager, Connie Mack, left the Pirates due to Kerr's frequent outbursts.

</doc>
<doc id="20619131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619131" title="Darwin Hills">
Darwin Hills

The Darwin Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County, California, situated near the Argus Range, Panamint Range, and Inyo Mountains. Darwin Falls and the Darwin Falls Wilderness are located in the Darwin Hills. They were named after Dr. Darwin French, a local rancher, miner and explorer. At , the summit of Ophir Mountain is the highest point of the Darwin Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20619132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619132" title="Phil Auten">
Phil Auten

Phil Auten was the co-owner of the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team of the National League from through with William Kerr. They purchased the team from William A. Nimick in 1891. They sold the Pirates to Barney Dreyfuss in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="20619164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619164" title="Deadman Hills">
Deadman Hills

The Deadman Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, southern California.
The hills define the eastern side of Apple Valley, both the landform and community. 
California State Route 18 passes through the southern end of the range en route to the Lucerne Valley to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20619194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619194" title="Summing localization">
Summing localization

Summing localization occurs when two or more coherent sound waves arrive within a limited time interval and only one sound sensation is perceived. If the time variations are smaller than 1 ms, the time and level variations of all sound sources contribute to the direction of the perceived sound. The resulting auditory event is called a phantom source.
Summing localization is the basis of stereophony.

</doc>
<doc id="20619198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619198" title="Fenestration (botany)">
Fenestration (botany)

Fenestration is a term in botany that refers to natural holes in the leaves of some species of plants. The size, shape, and quantity of holes in each leaf can vary greatly depending on the species and can even vary greatly within a given species. Fenestration is caused by sections of leaf ceasing cell growth or by dying during an early stage in the development of the leaf. These deformations that are created earliest in the leaf development end up looking more like slashes whereas those that develop earlier end up looking more like holes. This trait is found in only one species in Aponogetonaceae and a few genera in Araceae.
Its not fully known what evolutionary purpose fenestration serves, but there are several possibilities. Fenestration could serve the purpose of reducing the chances of leaves tearing in high winds or it could help to maximize the amount of rain that's able to reach the plant's roots. Another possibility is that they help to cool the plant by producing turbulence around the leaf.
The term is also used to describe plants with holes in their trunks, such as "Platypodium elegans" which can be mistaken for a strangler fig.

</doc>
<doc id="20619201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619201" title="Domenigoni Mountains">
Domenigoni Mountains

The Domenigoni Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California. They lie north of the Menifee Valley and south of the Perris Valley and San Jacinto Valley, west and north of Diamond Valley and north of Domenigoni Valley. The Domenigoni Mountains are composed primarily of metamorphic rock of the Triassic - Jurassic French Valley formation within Searls Ridge and the 1967 foot summit across the saddle to the west of it. The extreme eastern end of Searls Ridge and the western extreme of the 1967 foot summit of the range are Cretaceous granitic rock. 
Searls Ridge and the 1967 foot summit of the Domenigoni Mountains across a saddle to the west of it, enclose Diamond Valley Lake on its northern shore together with the Rawson Mountains on its southern shore. Domenigoni Valley and Diamond Valley lie between them, and with the dams these mountains contain the reservoir. The dams were built within the rock of the French Valley formation in both ranges.

</doc>
<doc id="20619204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619204" title="Marcello Salazar">
Marcello Salazar

Marcello Salazar M. Bergo (born March 27, 1981 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist. He is a member of the "Brazilian Top Team", and is currently a full-time instructor at Brazilian Top Team-Texas in San Antonio, Texas.
Biography.
Marcello Salazar Bergo was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on March 27, 1981 to Silvia Helena Mousinho, of Portuguese ancestry and Victor Salazar Bergo, of Italian ancestry.
At the age of 8, Marcello learned Brazilian Jiu Jitsu from Coach Juarez Soares, a methodological specialist in training children. In 2004, Marcello Salazar received his black belt at the age of 24 from Brazilian Top Team founders and head coach Murilo Bustamante and Mario Sperry who received their black belts from the legendary Carlson Gracie.
After conquering various national and international titles in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and over 300 submission grappling and wrestling matches to his credit, Marcello made the decision to undertake and compete in MMA. His professional MMA record currently stands at 7 wins and only 1 loss, and avenged that loss in a rematch.
For fun and entertainment he surfs with friends; enjoys playing chess with members of his family, traveling with his wife and daughter, and reading political science articles and books in his spare time.
Mixed martial arts career.
In his second to last fight he avenged his only professional loss after defeating Alex Cook at the IFL World Grand Prix Finals. The fight went all 3, 4 minute rounds ending in a Unanimous Decision in favor of Salazar. Marcello dominated the entire fight with relentless takedowns and GnP, but was unable to finish.
Marcello has dedicated himself to and represented the Brazilian Top Team with major international success. Marcello has won the Brazilian and Rio de Janeiro State Championships of Jiu Jitsu, the European Submission Wrestling Championship, and—three times—the Brazilian Circuit Championship of Submission Wrestling. He represented Brazil on their Olympic Free Style and Greco Roman Wrestling Teams. Three times he was the Brazilian National Champion of Greco Roman Wrestling; four times the Free Style Wrestling Champion. And in the US, he has won the American Nationals NO-GI in 2008, and took 3rd in the World Championships in 2008. He was undefeated in MMA as an Amateur, and, as a Professional Fighter, he has lost only once— and avenged that loss in a rematch.
He has also competed in a 8 man tournament where he finished all three of his fights by submission in the first round to win the tournament. The event was held on September 23, 2006 in Foz do Iguacu, Brazil, under the International Challenge Championship (ICC) banner.
Sport accomplishments.
BJJ and Grappling
1. ADCC (Abu Dhabi Combat Club)
2. FILA (Fédération Internationale des Luttes Associées)
3. IBJJF (International Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation)
4. USBJJF (United States Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation)
5. NAGA (North American Grappling Associations)
6. FFG (Fédération Françoise de Grappling)
7. SETE/RJ (Secretaria Estadual de Turismo e Esporte do Rio de Janeiro)
8. CBJJ (Confederação Brasileira de Jiu Jitsu)
9. FJJ/RJ (Federação de Jiu Jitsu do Rio de Janeiro)
Wrestling
1. LWERJ (Liga de Wrestling do Estado do Rio de Janeiro)
2. COB (Comitê Olímpico Brasileiro)
3. CBLA (Confederação Brasileira de lutas Associadas)
4. FLOAERJ (Federação de Lutas Olímpicas e Associadas do Estado do Rio de Janeiro)
MMA (Mixed Martial Arts)
1. IFL (International Fight League)
2. ICC (International Challenge Championship)
Personal life.
Marcello has an older brother and a twin sister. Marcello Salazar married Larissa Weber Gruenzner. In 2008, their daughter, Katarina Gruenzner Bergo, was born in Portland, Oregon (USA). In 2007, Marcello Salazar earned a Bachelor's Degree in History from UGF University, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20619209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619209" title="Truman's Place">
Truman's Place

Truman's Place is a historic home located at Hughesville, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story brick structure with a smaller two-story brick wing built in the mid-19th century. The house incorporates the brick shell of a 1770, one-story, five-bay dwelling with a kitchen-service wing. Outbuildings include a tenant house with an attached stable, a tobacco barn, a garden shed, and a three-bay garage. The home takes its name from a proprietary manor grant to Nathaniel Truman in 1666.
Truman's Place was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20619226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619226" title="Denzil Owen">
Denzil Owen

Denzil Owen (born October 16, 1955) was a West Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Buckinghamshire. He was born in Manchester.
Owen played for the team in the Minor Counties Championship between 1993 and 1997, though he made just a single List A appearance, in the NatWest Trophy competition of 1997. Owen did not bat during the match, but bowled 12 overs, with figures of 1-81.
Since 2003, Owen has regularly turned out for Beaconsfield in the Evening Standard Trophy and the Cockspur Cup, and in 2008, he played for Buckinghamshire in the Over-50s County Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20619228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619228" title="Larry D. James">
Larry D. James

Lieutenant General Larry D. James, Ret. is the deputy director of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. He assumed his duties on Sep. 23, 2013, replacing retiring General Eugene Tattini, who had held the role for the previous 12 years. He acts as the Laboratory's Chief Operating Officer responsible to the Director for the day-to-day management of JPL's resources and activities. This includes managing the Laboratory's solar system exploration, Mars, astronomy, physics, Earth science, interplanetary network programs, and all business operations. These activities employ 5000 scientists, engineers, technicians, and business support personnel, generating $1.5 billion in annual revenues. Prior to his current role, he served as the Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, Headquarters USAF. Lt Gen James' prior command was the 14th Air Force and Joint Functional Component Command for Space from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. He has held numerous positions of leadership throughout the United States Air Force and has extensive experience with space issues.
Biography.
Background and education.
Larry James graduated from the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado in 1978 with a Bachelor of Science in astronautical engineering. In 1983, he received his Master of Science degree in astronautical engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
US Air Force officer career.
James entered the Air Force as a distinguished graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy in 1978. His career has spanned a wide variety of space operations and acquisition assignments, including space shuttle payload specialist, Air Staff program element monitor, Global Positioning System satellite program manager and Chief of Operations, 14th Air Force.
James has commanded at the squadron, group and wing levels, and was Vice Commander of the Space and Missile Systems Center. He has served on the staffs of Headquarters U.S. Air Force, U.S. Space Command and Air Force Space Command. He also served as the Senior Space Officer for Operation Iraqi Freedom at Prince Sultan Air Base, Saudi Arabia. Prior to his last assignment, the general was Vice Commander, 5th Air Force, and Deputy Commander, 13th Air Force, Yokota Air Base, Japan.
Current Position.
General James retired from the Air Force on August 1, 2013, and assumed the role of deputy director of JPL on Sep. 23, 2013. He was selected after a search committee considered a number of candidates.
Previous Command.
Gen. James was previously assigned as Commander, 14th Air Force (Air Forces Strategic), Air Force Space Command, and Commander, Joint Functional Component Command for Space, U.S. Strategic Command, Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. As the U.S. Air Force's operational space component to USSTRATCOM, General James led more than 20,500 personnel responsible for providing missile warning, space superiority, space situational awareness, satellite operations, space launch and range operations. As Commander, JFCC SPACE, he directed all assigned and attached USSTRATCOM space forces providing tailored, responsive, local and global space effects in support of national, USSTRATCOM and combatant commander objectives.

</doc>
<doc id="20619240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619240" title="Lasiognathus">
Lasiognathus

Lasiognathus is a genus of deep-sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae, with five species known from the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. It has been called a "compleat angler", in that its lure apparatus consists of a fishing rod (the projecting basal bone or pteropterygium), a fishing line (the illicium, a modified dorsal fin ray), bait (the bioluminescent esca), and hooks (large dermal denticles). It is also distinctive for an enormous upper jaw with premaxillaries that can be folded down to enclose the much shorter lower jaw.
Systematics.
The closest relative of "Lasiognathus" is "Thaumatichthys", which also has enlarged and hinged premaxillaries, escal denticles, and a branched upper operculum. However, there are significant differences between those two taxa as well, which includes characters that "Lasiognathus" shares with the oneirodids not found in "Thaumatichthys". Bertelsen and Struhsaker (1977) noted that, given the undefined cladistics of the Oneirodidae, it was somewhat subjective whether "Lasiognathus" and "Thaumatichthys" were placed in their own family, in separate families, or in the Oneirodidae. 
Etymology.
' comes from the Ancient Greek ', meaning "hairy", and "", meaning "jaw".
Species.
There are currently five recognized species in this genus: 
Distribution and habitat.
"Lasiognathus" species have been collected from widely scattered localities in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. "L. beebei" is known from the north Atlantic and off Oahu in Hawaiian Islands. "L. waltoni" is known from the central Pacific, just north of Oahu. "L. intermedius" is known from the western north Atlantic, the eastern south Pacific, and from off Cape Town, South Africa. "L. saccostoma" is known from the north Atlantic and off the Hawaiian Islands. "L. amphirhamphus" is known from off the Madeira Islands in the eastern north Atlantic. "Lasiognathus" specimens of uncertain species are also known from the north Pacific and the South China Sea. They are pelagic in nature, occurring to a depth of 4,000 m.
Description.
Only metamorphosed female "Lasiognathus" have been collected; there is presumably extreme sexual dimorphism in size and shape as with other deep-sea anglerfishes. These fishes have a slender body with a large, slender head measuring over 60% of the standard length. The mouth is huge, with the premaxillaries of the upper jaw enlarged and extending well beyond the short lower jaw. The premaxillaries are separated anteriorly and connected by a broad elastic membrane, and are hinged with the upper jaw so that they are able to flip up and down. When in the latter position, the premaxillaries completely enclose the lower jaw. There are numerous long, hooked teeth placed in roughly oblique rows on the premaxillaries.
The pterygiophore (the basal bone supporting the illicium) of "Lasiognathus" is unusually long amongst anglerfish, measuring some 85% of the standard length. This bone inserts dorsally on the head and is capable of sliding forwards and backwards within a trough that extends the full length of the cranium and between the epaxial musculature on the front half of the body. The illicium is also long, with a terminal esca and 2-3 bony hook-shaped denticles mounted on an appendage at the tip. The escal bulb is equipped with a flap of skin that allows adjustment of the emitted light. The sphenotic spines (above the eyes) are well-developed, as are the two articular spines (at the rear end of the lower jaw). The operculum is divided into two parts, with the dorsal part split into two (rarely three) branches.
The pectoral fin lobe is small, short, and broad; the fin rays number 5 in the dorsal fin, 5 in the anal fin, 14-20 in the pectoral fins, and 9 in the caudal fin. The skin is entirely naked, without spines or denticles. The coloration is a deep chocolate brown. All "Lasiognathus" are small fishes; "L. amphirhamphus" is the largest known species at 15.7 cm standard length. "L. beebei" attains a maximum length of 11.5 cm, "L. intermedius" 12.9 cm, "L. saccostoma" 7.7 cm, and "L. waltoni" 9.4 cm.
Biology and ecology.
Little is known of the life habits of "Lasiognathus". William Beebe speculated in 1930 that the fishing apparatus of "Lasiognathus" might "be cast swiftly ahead, when then the hooks and the lights would so frighten any pursued fish that they would hesitate long enough to be engulfed in the onrushing maw," though Richard Ellis considered this scenario unlikely. Nolan and Rosenblatt (1975) echoed Beebe's skepticism that the hooks were actually used to hook prey, though they proposed that "squid tentacles could conceivably be impaled on the hooks and the prey thus secured". It has also been proposed that "Lasiognathus" might form its mouth into a sort of sieve for filter feeding. More likely, prey is simply attracted by the glowing esca to within range of the jaws.
Stomach contents reveal that "Lasiognathus" feeds primarily on bony fishes, such as lanternfishes and bristlemouths, and occasionally takes invertebrates including copepods, amphipods, mysid shrimps, siphonophores, salps, pteropods, and chaetognaths. It is not known whether the males are parasitic; neither males nor larvae have yet been collected.
The five known species of "Lasiognathus" can only be distinguished by the morphology of the esca:

</doc>
<doc id="20619242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619242" title="Sisyphus cooling">
Sisyphus cooling

Sisyphus cooling (named after Sisyphus, a figure in the Greek mythology) is a mechanism through which atoms can be cooled using laser beams below the temperatures expected to be achieved by Doppler cooling. It comes about as a result of a polarization gradient created by two counter-propagating laser beams with orthogonal polarization. Atoms moving through the potential landscape created by the standing wave (created by the interference of the two counter-propagating beams) lose kinetic energy as they move to a potential maximum, at which point optical pumping moves them to a lower-energy state, thus losing the potential energy they had.
Repeated cycles of converting kinetic energy to potential energy, then losing potential energy via optical pumping allow the atoms to reach temperatures orders of magnitude below those available through simple Doppler cooling.

</doc>
<doc id="20619243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619243" title="Henry Maundrell">
Henry Maundrell

Henry Maundrell (1665–1701) was an academic at Oxford University and later a Church of England clergyman who served from 20 December 1695 as chaplain to the Levant Company in Syria. His "Journey from Aleppo to Jerusalem at Easter A.D. 1697" (Oxford, 1703), which had its origins in the diary he carried with him on his Easter pilgrimage to Jerusalem in 1697, has become an often reprinted "minor travel classic." It was included in compilations of travel accounts from the mid-18th century, and was translated into three additional languages: French (1705), Dutch (1717) and German (1792). By 1749, the seventh edition was printed. 
Life.
Maundrell was born at Compton Bassett, near Calne, Wiltshire, in 1665. He attended Exeter College, Oxford from 1682 and obtained his BA and then in 1688, his MA; at his graduation he was appointed a Fellow of the college, where he would remain until 1689. He accepted a curacy at Brompton, Kent, 1689–95, he was ordained priest by the Bishop of Rochester, Thomas Sprat, at Croydon, on 23 February 1691. His uncle, Sir Charles Hedges, was a judge of Admiralty Court who later served as one of Queen Anne's Secretaries of State. Another uncle, Sir William Hedges, a director of the Bank of England, had directed the Levant Company's "factory" at Constantinople, an essential factor in Maundrell's appointment (1695), which paid him £100 p.a., with room and board in the Aleppo "factory" and perquisites. The Levant Company community at Aleppo consisted of only forty men, living in monastic seclusion: Maundrell wrote to Henry Osborne, "We live in separate squares, shut up at night after the manner of colleges. We begin the day constantly... with prayers, and have our set times for business, meals, and recreations" Like other Anglican clergy of his day, Maundrell made no attempt to understand Islam or to read Arabic; in the wake of the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes (1685) he refused the hospitality of Louis XIV's consul in Jerusalem.
He left Aleppo in February 1697 in a company of fifteen men. Their circuit took them across Syria to Latakia, down the Syrian and Lebanese coasts as far as Acre, which they found in ruinous state save for a khan (caravanserai) occupied by some French merchants, a mosque and a few poor cottages. Thence they proceeded inland to Jerusalem, where they attended Latin rite Easter services at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. They returned to Aleppo via Damascus, Baalbek and Tripoli; they arrived 18 May. The descriptions were constantly referred to relevant passages in the Bible, and encounters with greedy local Ottoman officials at road blocks and checkpoints demanding payment of "caphar" confirmed Maundrell in his distaste for the local inhabitants. 
Maundrell was an observant reporter with a passion for precise detail:
It is concise in contents, plain and attractive in style, and precise in its natural exposition of facts, all of which make it interesting to read even to-day. When the diary, crammed with precise, factual information, began to circulate among his friends they quickly realized that here at last was one of the first factual accounts of the antiquities of the Middle East. Its impact was such that he was persuaded by his uncle and several of his acquaintances, to prepare it for publication. 
By the time it appeared, Maundrell, never in robust health, had died in Aleppo in 1701. 
A further travel journal was published as "A Journey to the Banks of the Euphrates at Beer, and to the Country of Mesopotamia" (Oxford, 1699). It was appended to the "Journey to Jerusalem" in the 1714 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="20619251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619251" title="Granville Road">
Granville Road

Granville Road (Chinese: 加連威老道) is a street in Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong.
Location.
The street consists of two sections: an western section running between Nathan Road and Chatham Road South, parallel to Kimberley Road, Cameron Road and Kimberley Street. The eastern section runs between Chatham Road and Science Museum Road.
Name.
The Road first appeared on the Rates List for 1896/7. It was named after Granville Leveson-Gower, 2nd Earl Granville, who was a Secretary of State for the Colonies from 1868 to 1870 and in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="20619255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619255" title="Carl Otto Lenz">
Carl Otto Lenz

Carl Otto Lenz (born 5 June 1930 in Berlin) is a German lawyer, member of the German Bundestag (1965–1984) for the CDU and Advocate General at the European Court of Justice (1984–1997).
Biography.
Carl Otto Lenz is the son of the lawyer Otto Lenz (Secretary of the Federal Chancellery 1951-1953, member of the German Bundestag 1953-1957) and Marie Liese Pohl. In 1948, he graduated from high school in Munich. From 1949 to 1953, he studied law and political science at the Ludwig-Maximilians University in Munich, the Albert-Ludwigs University of Freiburg, the University of Geneva (Switzerland) and the University of Bonn. In Freiburg, he was a member of the Catholic Student Fraternity KDSt.V. Arminia Freiburg im Breisgau im CV. Lenz later studied at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, the College of Administrative Sciences Speyer and Harvard University in Cambridge (Massachusetts). From 1961, he taught at the University of Bonn.
In 1959 he became Secretary of the Christian Democratic Group of the European Parliament in Luxembourg; From 1965 to 1984 he was a member of the German Bundestag, representing Bergstraße. For many years he was a member of the Legal Affairs Committee, and he was its chairman from 1969 to 1980.
Lenz is especially committed to Franco-German friendship; he was a member of the Franco-German Parliamentary Group and its chairman from 1969 to 1983.
From 1984 to 1997, Lenz was Advocate General at the European Court of Justice. During this time, he drafted about 400 submissions to the Court of Justice. Lenz is also editor of a handbook and the author of numerous works concerning EC law.
Since 1998 he has been a lawyer in Frankfurt and Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20619262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619262" title="Dougherty Hills">
Dougherty Hills

The Dougherty Hills are a mountain range in Contra Costa County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20619269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619269" title="Doublebois">
Doublebois

Doublebois () is a village in south Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is in the civil parish of Dobwalls and Trewidland approximately three miles (5 km) west of Liskeard. 
Doublebois formerly had a railway station on the Cornish Main Line which closed in the 1960s. Today the main transport link is the adjacent A38 Plymouth to Bodmin trunk road.

</doc>
<doc id="20619293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619293" title="Dublin Hills">
Dublin Hills

The Dublin Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20619311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619311" title="Kabanga">
Kabanga

Kabanga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20619315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619315" title="Lasiognathus amphirhamphus">
Lasiognathus amphirhamphus

Lasiognathus amphirhamphus is a species of wolftrap angler found in the Madeira Abyssal Plain in the east-central Atlantic Ocean where it occurs at a depth of from . The females of this species grow to a length of SL. This species is characterized by having only two (as opposed to three) bony hooks on its esca, which are lightly pigmented. The distal escal appendage is elongated and cylindrical with a long, compressed prolongation at the tip as in "L. saccostoma". The prolongation has six tiny filaments at the tip and no lateral serrations. The posterior escal appendage is broad and laterally compressed. Its species name is from the Greek for "double hook", referring to its escal hooks.

</doc>
<doc id="20619317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619317" title="Stagg Hall">
Stagg Hall

Stagg Hall, also known as the Parnham-Padgett House, is a historic home located at Port Tobacco, Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is a one-story frame house built about 1740 adjacent to Port Tobacco's former town square. It was built for John Parnham, a prosperous Port Tobacco merchant.
Stagg Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20619319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619319" title="Operational View">
Operational View

Operational View (OV) is one of the basic views, defined in the enterprise architecture (EA) of the Department of Defense Architecture Framework V1.5 (DoDAF). Under DODAF 2, which became operational in 2009, the collections of views are now termed 'viewpoints' and no longer views.
Other enterprise architecture frameworks may or do have operational views. For example the MODAF has an Operational Viewpoint and the NATO Architecture Framework has an Operational View (collection of subviews). This article will further explain the construction of the Operational View of the DoDAF V1.5.
Overview.
The "Operational View" (OV) in the DoDAF Enterprise architecture framework (version 1/1.5) ('Operational Viewpoint' in DODAF 2) describes the tasks and activities, operational elements, and information exchanges required to conduct operations. A pure Operational View is materiel independent. However, operations and their relationships may be influenced by new technologies such as collaboration technology, where process improvements are in practice before policy can reflect the new procedures. 
The operational viewpoint provides a means to describe what is needed in a solution-free or implementation-free way. There may be some cases, however, in which it is necessary to document the way processes are performed given the restrictions of current systems, in order to examine ways in which new systems could facilitate streamlining the processes. In such cases, an Operational View may have materiel constraints and requirements that must be addressed. For this reason, it may be necessary to include some high-level Systems View (SV) architecture data as overlays or augmenting information onto the Operational View products.
Operational View topics.
DoDAF.
The Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF) defines a standard way to organize a systems architecture into complementary and consistent views. It is especially suited to large systems with complex integration and interoperability challenges, and is apparently unique in its use of "operational views" detailing the external customer's operating domain in which the developing system will operate.
The DoDAF defines a set of products that act as mechanisms for visualizing, understanding,
and assimilating the broad scope and complexities of an architecture description through graphic,
tabular, or textual means. These products are organized under four views: 
Each view depicts certain perspectives of an architecture as described below. Only a subset of the full DoDAF viewset is usually created for each system development. The figure represents the information that links the operational view, systems and services view, and technical standards view. The three views and their interrelationships driven – by common architecture data elements – provide the basis for
deriving measures such as interoperability or performance, and for measuring the impact of the values of these metrics on operational mission and task effectiveness.
OV products.
The Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF) has defined a series of seven different types of Operational View products.
There are seven OV products described in this section:
Description (OV-6a, 6b, and 6c)
Executable Operational Architecture.
In addition to examining behavior over time, one can also assess an overall dynamic mission cost over time in terms of human and system/network resource dollar costs and their processes dollar costs. Analysis of dollar costs in executable architectures is a first step in an architecture based investment strategy, where we eventually need to align architectures to funding decisions to ensure that investment decisions are directly linked to mission objectives and their outcomes. The figure on the right illustrates the anatomy of one such dynamic model.
State transitions in executable operational architectural models provide for descriptions of conditions that control the behavior of process events in responding to inputs and in producing outputs. A state specifies the response of a process to events. The response may vary depending on the current state and the rule set or conditions. Distribution settings determine process time executions. Examples of distribution strategies include: constant values, event list, constant interval spacing, normal distribution, exponential distribution, and so forth. Priority determines the processing strategy if two inputs reach a process at the same time. Higher priority inputs are usually processed before lower priority inputs.
Processes receiving multiple inputs need to define how to respond. Examples of responses include: process each input in the order of arrival independent of each other, process only when all inputs are available, or process as soon as any input is detected. Processes producing multiple outputs can include probabilities (totaling 100 percent), under which each output would be produced.Histograms are examples of generated timing descriptions. They are graphic representations of processes, human and system resources, and their used capacity over time during a simulation run. These histograms are used to perform dynamic impact analysis of the behavior of the executable architecture. Figure 4-23 is an example showing the results of a simulation run of human resource capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="20619320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619320" title="Lasiognathus beebei">
Lasiognathus beebei

Lasiognathus beebei is a species of wolftrap angler known from around the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean and from around Madeira and Bermuda in the Atlantic. It is found at depths of around . The females of this species grow to a length of TL. This species is distinguishable by its hooks being placed on a short, transverse, fan-shaped distal escal appendage as opposed to the elongated, cylindrical appendage of all other species. Its species name honors naturalist William Beebe.

</doc>
<doc id="20619321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619321" title="Lasiognathus intermedius">
Lasiognathus intermedius

Lasiognathus intermedius is a species of wolftrap angler known from the western Atlantic Ocean and the southeastern Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of around . The females of this species grow to a length of SL. This species has an elongated, cylindrical distal appendage with a short, cylindrical prolongation at the tip without any lateral serrations or filaments. The posterior escal appendage is cylindrical in shape. Its species name refers to its esca being intermediate in shape between those of "L. beebei" and those of "L. saccostoma" and "L. waltoni".

</doc>
<doc id="20619325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619325" title="Dumont Hills">
Dumont Hills

The Dumont Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in northeastern San Bernardino County, southern California.
The hills are just east of the southern section of the Amargosa River before it heads west into Death Valley. They are also east of southern Death Valley National Park.
See also.
Other ranges in the local area include the:

</doc>
<doc id="20619329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619329" title="ISouljaBoyTellem">
ISouljaBoyTellem

iSouljaBoyTellem is the second studio album by American rapper Soulja Boy. It was released on December 16, 2008 on SOD Entertainment, Collipark Music and Interscope Records. The album debuted at number forty-three on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 46,000 copies in its first week of sales. The album has sold 752,000 to date in the US. The album received mixed to negative reviews upon release.
Singles.
"Bird Walk", was released as the album's first single on October 23, 2008. The song only managed to peak at number two on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. "Kiss Me Thru the Phone" featuring Sammie, was released on as the second single on November 28, 2008. It peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US, becoming the rapper's second top ten hit. "Turn My Swag On", was released as the third single on January 26, 2009. It peaked at number nineteen on the Hot 100 in the US.
Videos.
There are also music videos for the following songs "Gucci Bandana", was released on April 23, 2009, and "Soulja Boy Tell 'Em", was released on January 9, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20619336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619336" title="Lasiognathus waltoni">
Lasiognathus waltoni

Lasiognathus waltoni is a species of wolftrap angler known from the eastern central Pacific Ocean. This species is found at depths to around . The females of this species grow to a length of SL. This species is characterized by a membranous anterior crest on its escal bulb, and an elongated, cylindrical distal escal appendage without a prolongation at the tip. Its species name honors Sir Isaac Walton, author of "The Compleat Angler".

</doc>
<doc id="20619345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619345" title="Freezing (disambiguation)">
Freezing (disambiguation)

Freezing is the process in which a liquid turns into a solid when cold enough.
Freezing may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20619351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619351" title="Dunnigan Hills">
Dunnigan Hills

The Dunnigan Hills are a low mountain range in northern Yolo County, California.
The Dunnigan Hills AVA is in the northwestern area.

</doc>
<doc id="20619361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619361" title="Hugh McAleer">
Hugh McAleer

Hugh McAleer (died 12 May 1941) was an Irish nationalist politician.
Born in Beragh, County Tyrone, McAleer worked as a teacher before being elected to Tyrone County Council. He became the President of the Ancient Order of Hibernians in County Tyrone, and at the Northern Ireland general election, 1929, he was elected as the Nationalist Party MP for Mid Tyrone. In 1935, he followed Alex Donnelly in withdrawing from Parliament, but he held his seat until his death in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20619364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619364" title="Dousland">
Dousland

Dousland is a small settlement in Devon, England. It is near the A386 road and is northeast of the city of Plymouth.
Dousland had a railway station on the branch line to Princetown that opened in 1883 and closed in 1956. It was operated by the Great Western Railway until nationalisation took place. The station building is now a private dwelling and the platform still survives.

</doc>
<doc id="20619402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619402" title="Eagle Hills">
Eagle Hills

The Eagle Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in eastern San Luis Obispo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20619403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619403" title="Frances Lydia Alice Knorr">
Frances Lydia Alice Knorr

Frances Lydia Alice Knorr (10 December 1868 - 15 January 1894) was known as the Baby Farming Murderess. She was found guilty of strangling two infants and hanged on Monday 15 January 1894.
Frances Knorr was born as Minnie Thwaites in London, England in 1868 and emigrated to Sydney, Australia in 1887. Initially she worked as a domestic servant and married Randolph Knorr, a German immigrant. She later had an affair with one Edward Thompson and soon afterwards moved to Melbourne. The short lived affair was not successful and Minnie had to find a means to support herself and her daughter.
Baby farming.
In February 1892, Australia was in the midst of a depression and jobs were scarce when Randolph Knorr was sent to prison for selling furniture he had bought on hire purchase. Pregnant and penniless, Frances decided to set up business as a child minder, and moved around Melbourne frequently using both her maiden and married names. 
Frances Knorr strangled some of the babies she could not place elsewhere or sell to childless couples. While she was living on Moreland Road in Melbourne, she buried two of her victims in the garden. Knorr then moved back to Sydney and returned to her husband.
Arrest.
The new tenant at the Moreland Road residence discovered the body of a baby girl while preparing a garden bed. Police dug up the rest of the garden and discovered a boy's body as well. The police soon traced them to Knorr. When they arrested her, she was about to give birth to her second child. She told the arresting officer, Detective Keating, "I know what you have come for". While awaiting trial she wrote a letter to her former lover, Edward Thompson, asking him to manufacture some evidence for her defence. Thompson's mother surrendered the letter to the police.
Trial.
Knorr came to trial on 11 April 1893, charged only with the murder of the girl. The letter to Thompson was presented by the Crown as evidence. The letter was worded to implicate Thompson in the murders, but was deemed pure fabrication.
Knorr gave a statement herself from the witness box and admitted that she had buried the babies in Moreland Road but claiming that they had died of natural causes. The Crown however demonstrated that they had been strangled with a tape and that the neck of the little boy had been compressed to less than half its normal size. The trial lasted five days and resulted in a guilty verdict. As the death sentence was mandatory and as Judge Holroyd passed it, Knorr sobbed, "God help my poor mother! God help my poor babies!". She was taken back to the Old Melbourne Gaol to await execution.
Although Frances found little support among the newspapers of the day, the public was deeply divided on her sentence. Thomas Jones, the state's hangman, committed suicide two days before the execution after his wife threatened to leave him if he hanged Frances.
Execution.
She was a model and penitent prisoner in the condemned cell and spent her time singing hymns and praying. She also made a written confession on her last day. "Placed as I am now within a few hours of my death, I express a strong desire that this statement be made public, with the hope that my fall will not only be a warning to others, but also act as a deterrent to those who are perhaps carrying on the same practice. I now desire to state that upon the charges known in evidence as Number 1 & 2 babies, I confess to be guilty".
Her execution was at 10:00am on Monday 15 January 1894. Her last words were recorded as: "Yes, the Lord is with me! I do not fear what men may do to me, for I have peace, perfect peace!" When the trap door was released, she dropped seven feet, six inches. Death was recorded as "instantaneous". Her death mask is on display at the Old Melbourne Gaol.
1893 Welfare Commission.
Australia was in severe depression from 1873 to 1896; with no state welfare, women in particular faced a hard life. The diaries of John Castieau, governor of Old Melbourne Gaol from 1869 to 1884 indicate that as children were permitted to stay with their mothers, it was a common practice for a pregnant woman to commit a crime so that she could have her delivery in the gaol and be cared for. 
During the 1893 Commission, Melbourne's public health officer testified that the post-mortems he had performed on over 500 children showed that more than half had been murdered.

</doc>
<doc id="20619406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619406" title="Dovenby">
Dovenby

Dovenby is a small settlement in Cumbria, England. It is on the A594 road and is northwest of the town of Cockermouth.
Etymology.
'Dovenby' is 'Dufan's bȳ' or 'Dufan's hamlet or village'. 'Bȳ' is late Old English, from Old Norse 'býr'. The personal name 'Dufan' "is of Irish origin (OIr 'Dubhán'), a diminutive of 'dubh', 'black', but it is on record from Iceland." 

</doc>
<doc id="20619411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619411" title="1929–30 Boston Bruins season">
1929–30 Boston Bruins season

The 1929–30 Boston Bruins season was the Bruins' sixth season in the NHL. In defending its American Division title for the second straight season, the Bruins took advantage of new rules and its powerhouse lineup to record the best single season winning percentage in NHL history - a record which still stands. However, the club failed to defend its Stanley Cup title, losing in the finals to the Montreal Canadiens.
Regular season.
"See also: 1929–30 NHL season"
To combat low scoring - the previous season had the fewest goals per game recorded before or thereafter - a major rule change was implemented. Players were now allowed forward passing in the offensive zone, instead of only in the defensive and neutral zones. This led to abuse: players sat in front of the opposing net waiting for a pass, and goals scored nearly tripled league-wide. The rule was changed again mid-season in December 1929, and players were no longer allowed to enter the offensive zone before the puck, thus giving birth to the modern offside rule.
In the meantime, however, Boston took advantage of the new rule from its opening match, defeating Detroit 5-2 before a sellout crowd behind Cooney Weiland's two goals. The team was noted in the press for its skill in dealing with the new infractions called for hanging back, recording many fewer penalties than the other teams in early season play.
After a rough match on November 23 against the Montreal Maroons, superstar defenseman Eddie Shore went to the hospital with multiple injuries, missing the return match against the Maroons on the 26th. Bruins' president Charles Adams presented Shore with a check for $500, purportedly $100 for each facial scar he received at the hands of the Maroons.
The Bruins went on a tear starting with a 3-2 win over Pittsburgh on November 30, winning fourteen straight games through to a January 9 4-3 win against Pittsburgh; this set a new league mark for consecutive wins that would last for 52 years until the New York Islanders broke it in 1982, and is still the third longest such streak in league history. The streak was broken by the New York Americans - the league's last place team at the time - on January 12. The Dynamite Line of Cooney Weiland, Dit Clapper and Dutch Gainor was responsible for most of the team's goals to that point, and by the halfway mark of the season, the Bruins had a 20-3 record, nearly twice as many wins as any other team in the league.
In another unusual incident involving Shore, well known for his fighting ability, the Bruins' defenseman was challenged to a boxing match by baseball player Art Shires. While NHL President Frank Calder said that Shore's participation was up to Bruins' manager Art Ross to decide, baseball commissioner Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis vetoed Shires' participation, and the match was never held.
The Bruins had yet another streak (broken by a Chicago Black Hawks overtime win on March 13) of seventeen games without a defeat, tying the then-league record. By season's end, Weiland led the league in scoring (one goal shy of Joe Malone's 1918 record of 44, Dit Clapper had finished third, and Dutch Gainor ninth. The Dynamite Line scored 102 of the Bruins' league record 179 goals, as many as last-place Pittsburgh managed.
Among the many marks set by the Bruins in the 1930 season that remain NHL records was the fewest ties in an NHL season with 1; and the fewest losses in a season with 5. The Bruins also set a record for most consecutive home ice wins in a season with 20. This was tied by the 1975-76 Philadelphia Flyers, and surpassed by the 2011-12 Detroit Red Wings.
Playoffs.
As the American Division champions, Boston enjoyed a first round bye in the playoffs, and faced the Montreal Maroons, the Canadian Division champions, in the semi-finals in a best-of-five series. The first game of the series was a grueling overtime match in which Bruins' coach Art Ross was noted for ceaseless criticism of the officiating and the ice condition, to the annoyance of the home crowd in Montreal, won on a Harry Oliver overtime goal at the 45 minute mark. The Bruins won the second match handily on two goals from Clapper, partially due to an injury forcing Montreal star Babe Siebert out only a few minutes into the game, but with Siebert's return in the third game the match was much closer. Unusually, Montreal starter Buck Boucher broke a leg 24 minutes into overtime, and his replacement, little-used defenseman Archie Wilcox, scored the game winner at the 26 minute mark. Siebert did not dress for the final game, and the Bruins overwhelmed the Maroons to reach the Cup finals, behind two goals from Marty Barry, earning the Bruins a rest while they waited for their next opponents.
Boston Bruins 3, Montreal Maroons 1.
The Bruins were heavily favored to retain the Stanley Cup, but were shocked in the first game of the best-of-three Finals by the play of Canadiens' goaltender George Hainsworth, who shut out the Bruins' powerful offense. In the second game, Montreal went out to a three-goal lead until Eddie Shore began a rally with a goal that spurred the Bruins to tie the match, before the Canadiens scored the final goal to win the Cup. It was the first time all season long the Bruins had lost two games in a row, and the stunning defeat of the regular season champions in such a short series spurred the league to change the Cup Finals to a best-of-five series for subsequent years.
Awards and records.
"NB: Up through the 1930 season, the NHL did not select end-of-season All-Star Teams."

</doc>
<doc id="20619414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619414" title="USA Field Hockey Hall of Fame">
USA Field Hockey Hall of Fame

The USA Field Hockey Hall of Fame honors the achievements of athletes and/or coaches of USA field hockey teams. The permanent home of USA Field Hockey's hall of fame is located at Ursinus College, Collegeville, Pennsylvania.
Inductees.
The members of the Hall of Fame, and the years of induction, are:

</doc>
<doc id="20619418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619418" title="It's a Matter of Survival">
It's a Matter of Survival

"It's a Matter of Survival" is a 1991 book by Anita Gordon and David Suzuki. Written for the general reader, the book looks ahead 50 years and explores the condition of human society and the environment. Suggestions are given about how to improve the future. The book originated as a radio series aired in 1989 by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20619419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619419" title="Madness (manga)">
Madness (manga)

Madness is a Japanese yaoi and adventure manga series written and illustrated by Kairi Shimotsuki, who also writes shonen and seinen manga. It is serialized in "Comic Manga Lynx", under Gentosha Comics, Inc.. It is set in 3000 AD, where Catholic priest Izaya and his mass-murderer teammate Kyou fight to save the world from a series of natural disasters. The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop's imprint Blu.
Plot.
It is the year 3000 AD and Airishuu Izaya Luke is a Catholic priest of the Cult of Saint Ruka. He was charged with watching over Kyou, the leader of a group of murderers called Madness. Kyou has spent the past 3 years imprisoned in Izaya's church, with no memory of his murderous nature. Kyou's life has become a tranquil one until the day the church is attacked by an old enemy, Sae, a former member of Madness, who is attempting to take Kyou's demon sword Jigfreed. Kyou's murderous nature is awakened and he proceeds to kill Sae. He then goes to keep on killing, but Izaya stops him. As it turns out, Izaya is a Suppressor, someone who can stop Kyou when he snaps and goes crazy. Kyou forcefully takes Izaya with him to be his Suppressor and they go to a big city to turn in Sae's head for his bounty. While there, they run into another former member of Madness, Oboro. After a brief misunderstanding, Oboro joins the group and the three set out together. On their way to another city, Oboro freaks out when he discovers that another Madness member, Miyabi, is supposedly in the next city. Miyabi, Kyou's previous Suppressor, was the person who betrayed Kyou and tried to kill him 3 years earlier. When Kyou sees her hawk, he sets out in mad pursuit with Oboro trying to stop him. Izaya gets lost trying to follow them and ends up being mistaken as a prostitute by a brothel owner. Just as the brothel owner is getting ready to have sex with him, Izaya is saved by a female prostitute who lets the owner sleep with her in exchange for leaving Izaya alone. Afterwards, she helps Izaya escape, but right when he's about to leave, Miyabi's hawk comes followed by Kyou and Oboro. It is then that we find out that the female is actually Miyabi, the former Madness member. After a tense stand-off, Izaya convinces Kyou and Oboro to leave. Later on, Izaya goes to talk to Miyabi, but arrives to find out that she had been sold. He goes off after her, and arrives as the man who bought her attempts to kill her, as he was a bounty hunter who discovered she was really Miyabi. During the fight, Izaya protects Miyabi and gets hurt. The blood and Izaya being injured awaken Miyabi's murderous side and she kills the man. Kyou comes in later and after he and Miyabi fight a while, Izaya breaks them up and convinces them to stop fighting. Miyabi decides to come along with the group to protect Izaya, who turns out to be the younger brother of the man she fell in love with. The group of four then sets out on the next town, where they find out that former Madness members are being hunted down. While in town stocking up on provisions, Miyabi and Izaya are attacked. Miyabi holds off the attackers while Izaya escapes to get help and warn the others. Kyou and Oboro are also attacked, and Miyabi escapes badly injured. The group travels to Kai's hospital to get Miyabi treated. While there, they are ambushed again and Izaya finds out that the assassins are from his religion, which is supposed to abhor murder and violence. This information shatters Izaya and he is broken-hearted until Kyou cheers him up when he tells Izaya that it is his heart that tells him what is good and evil. He still strongly dislikes fighting; however, he resolved to put himself in danger's way because he wishes to assess for himself what is good and what is evil. Since he is a Believer, he is using his knowledge of Ruka's bases to help lead Kyou and his colleagues. While they are preparing to leave to go kill the ambushers, they are again ambushed and Izaya and Miyabi are taken captive. Kyou and Oboro then chase after them. When Izaya awakens after being taken captive, he discovers that the group holds his older brother captive and that they plan on using him to discover the true secret of the "mad men." It is revealed that they used Izaya's older brother in order to make criminals so the assassins may kill them in the name of god. The Madness members had chips implanted in their brains which was made to make them forget anything but their blood desires. Izaya's brother was the one who made them. Later on, with the help of Oboro's explosions, they escape out of the base, separating Izaya and his brother from Kyou, Oboro and Miyabi. Izaya begs them to come bag safely, at which Kyou responds that he won't die till he does him. This somehow giving Izaya hope, he sets out with his brother to escape.
After 2 years Kyou, Miyabi and Oboro had yet to return. Meanwhile Izaya is found in an open field, along with some children. One of them asks a question to Izaya if he has someone he likes. Izaya responds that he does, and is waiting for that person. Later on, Kyou, Miyabi, Oboro and another Madness member Fake return to Izaya's side. Kyou explains that Kai kept them there for 2 years to remove the chips out of their heads so it delayed them from picking Izaya up. Izaya smiles and understands that that was the reason why Kyou's expression looked much kinder then before. After this Kyou won't waste any time wanting to do Izaya, especially since he states that Izaya has become even more beautiful, at which Izaya gets embarrassed, but gets interrupted by the others. Kyou takes Izaya to a room and states that for 2 years long, he has been laying in a sickbed of Kai and every time all he thought about was Izaya's face. They have their passionate moment. After this ending, you'll get a kind of map that shows you the relationships of all the characters.
Manga.
"Madness" is written and illustrated by Kairi Shimotsuki. It is serialized in "Comic Manga Lynx", under Gentosha Comics, Inc.. The manga is licensed in North America by Tokyopop's imprint Blu.
Reception.
M. M. Blair feels that "Madness" has plot elements from seinen and shonen works and also has more "bloody scenes". Blair notes the seinen fanservice in Miyabi's character design, but notes that she is portrayed as being "courageous, generous and strong, with a formidable temper and strength of character".

</doc>
<doc id="20619431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619431" title="Aguli Khristan Sikla Bodol">
Aguli Khristan Sikla Bodol

Aguli Khristian Sikla Bodol is a Tripuri/ Kokborok Speaking Christian youth organization in Agartala, capital city of Tripura state in India. It is the common youth organization of all the Kokborok speaking Baptist youths in Agartala city. The member includes youth from six Baptist Churches which are located in the capital city.

</doc>
<doc id="20619438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619438" title="East Coyote Hills">
East Coyote Hills

The East Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in northern Orange County, California, mostly in the cities of Fullerton and Placentia.
The hills received their name from the nearby Rancho Los Coyotes; by the 1870s they were being called Coyote Hills. Most of the East Coyote Hills were developed as residential areas in the 1980s and 1990s. Several equestrian and pedestrian trails have been built through the area, as well as a golf course and Craig Regional Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20619445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619445" title="Refrigerator (disambiguation)">
Refrigerator (disambiguation)

A refrigerator is a cooling appliance comprising a thermally insulated compartment and a heat pump.
Refrigerator may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20619453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619453" title="Kabanga, Kagera Region">
Kabanga, Kagera Region

Kabanga is one of a number of towns in Tanzania with this name. This is the one in Kagera Region, near the Burundian border.
Kabanga is one of the oldest town in Tanzania, the people in this town are diversity because most of them came from different part of the Africa continent even few of them came from outside Africa such as Asia and Europe. Wahagaza are the indigenous of Ngara even though they might have originated from Rwanda and Burundi but they were the first people to settle in Ngara. One thing that attracted those settlers it is its beautiful weather of semi equatorial climate. Ngara gets enough rain from September to early June. Ngara always look green because the people of Ngara like to plant bananas around their houses since the banana trees stay green even in dry season that make Ngara green region.
Transport.
In 2008, a proposed railway to Rwanda and Burundi would pass through this town.

</doc>
<doc id="20619467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619467" title="Arabs in Bulgaria">
Arabs in Bulgaria

Arabs in Bulgaria (, ) are the people from Arab countries, particularly Lebanon, Syria, the Palestinian Territories, Iraq, Jordan and also small groups from Egypt, Algeria, Tunisia, Morocco, Libya and Sudan, who emigrated from their native nations and currently reside in Bulgaria. Most Arab Bulgarians are of Lebanese or Syrian origin, аs a result of the fact that they were the first Arabs to arrive in Bulgaria. The first Arabs came to Bulgaria in the late 1960s and early 1970s as students in Bulgarian universities. In the over forty-year history of this community, 10,000 Arabs have migrated to Bulgaria. According to other data from two teams of anthropologists and sociologists, the number of Arabs in Bulgaria who are legal residents and officially have work permits was 17,000 people in 2004.
In addition, Bulgaria has people from Arab countries, who have the status of refugees (Refugees of the Syrian civil war, but only 10% of them are Syrian Arabs, the rest 90% of them are Syrian Kurds) or illegal immigrants (Algerians of mainly Berber descent and usually mistakenly called Arabs) trying to immigrate to Western Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20619468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619468" title="Elk Hills">
Elk Hills

The Elk Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in western Kern County, California.
They are near and east of the Elkhorn Hills in San Luis Obispo County, California

</doc>
<doc id="20619470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619470" title="Stephen Pollard (cricketer)">
Stephen Pollard (cricketer)

Stephen Pollard (born March 13, 1971) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Cornwall. He was born in Penzance.
Pollard made a single appearance for Somerset in the Second XI Championship, and a single appearance in the Bain Clarkson Trophy in 1991, though he never appeared for Somerset's first team.
Pollard's only List A appearance came in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy in 2001, against Cheshire. Batting in the lower order, Pollard scored a duck in a Cheshire innings curtailed to just 45 overs.

</doc>
<doc id="20619471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619471" title="James Powell (cricketer, born 1982)">
James Powell (cricketer, born 1982)

James Powell (born October 22, 1982) was a Welsh cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Wrexham, Clwyd.
Powell turned out occasionally in the 38-County Cup competition between 2001 and 2002, and made his only List A appearance during September 2001, against Cornwall. From the tailend, Powell scored 6 not out in his innings. He produced bowling figures of 1-45.

</doc>
<doc id="20619484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619484" title="Elkhorn Hills">
Elkhorn Hills

The Elkhorn Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in eastern San Luis Obispo County, California.
They are near the Elk Hills on the east in Kern County, California

</doc>
<doc id="20619491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619491" title="Şəki (village)">
Şəki (village)

Şəki is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,360.

</doc>
<doc id="20619497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619497" title="Adomas Galdikas">
Adomas Galdikas

Adomas Galdikas (October 18, 1893 Giršinai village, near Mosėdis – December 7, 1969 New York) was a Lithuanian painter, graphic artist, scenographer.
Biography.
Galdikas attended painting studios in Saint Petersburg and Berlin. Galdikas continued his studies in Sweden, Italy and France. In 1923, after returning to Lithuania, he founded his own graphics studio in Kaunas, where he worked until 1940. At the same time he was also lecturing at the Kaunas Art School. During World War II Galdikas was a professor at the Kaunas Applied Arts Institute. Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas was among his students. From 1946 to 1947 Galdikas lectured as a professor in Freiburg im Breisgau (École des Arts et Métiers). In 1947 Galdikas moved to Paris, and in 1952 to the United States. He settled in New York, where he lived until his death.
Works.
Since 1920 Galdikas participated in art exhibitions in Lithuania and abroad. Galdikas also illustrated books and created scenography for 19 plays at the Kaunas State Theater. He has also designed a number of interbellum Lithuanian postage stamps, bonds and paper litas banknotes. In Germany, France and the United States he worked mainly as painter.
In 1937 for his triptych "Lithuania" Galdikas was awarded the 1937 Paris Exhibition Grand Prix. For the scenography and costumes for drama "Šarūnas" by Vincas Krėvė-Mickevičius Galdikas was awarded 1937 Paris Exhibition Golden medal. Works by Adomas Galdikas were acquired by Stieglitz Museum of Applied Arts, Lithuanian M. K. Čiurlionis National Art Museum, Lithuanian Art Museum, Latvian National Museum of Art, Galerie nationale du Jeu de Paume in Paris, and other museums.

</doc>
<doc id="20619501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619501" title="English Hills">
English Hills

The English Hills are a mountain range in Solano County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20619508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619508" title="Şorsu">
Şorsu

Şorsu is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,942.

</doc>
<doc id="20619513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619513" title="Qırxbulaq">
Qırxbulaq

"Qırxbulaq"' is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 435.

</doc>
<doc id="20619516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619516" title="Çeşməli, Shaki">
Çeşməli, Shaki

Çeşməli is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 465.

</doc>
<doc id="20619517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619517" title="Aran, Shaki">
Aran, Shaki

Aran is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 467.

</doc>
<doc id="20619519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619519" title="After Sex (2000 film)">
After Sex (2000 film)

After Sex is a 2000 comedy-drama film that stars Dan Cortese, Virginia Madsen and Brooke Shields. It was directed by Cameron Thor. It is rated R for subject matter.
Plot.
A group of attractive women get together for a weekend of bonding, hoping to relax and getaway from the anxiety of their boyfriends. The women travel out of town which leads them to picking up men of questionable integrity. The next problem is what will they tell their boyfriends when they get back home.
Ratings.
According to Rotten Tomatoes 29% of the audience liked the film. The average rating was 2.6/5.

</doc>
<doc id="20619520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619520" title="Abbas, Azerbaijan">
Abbas, Azerbaijan

Abbas (known as Abbaskənd until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 548.

</doc>
<doc id="20619526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619526" title="Dərəcənnət">
Dərəcənnət

Dərəcənnət (also, Dərəcənnətli) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 803.

</doc>
<doc id="20619531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619531" title="Qumux">
Qumux

Qumux is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 965.

</doc>
<doc id="20619533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619533" title="Turan, Azerbaijan">
Turan, Azerbaijan

Turan (known as Orconikidze until 1999) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,796.

</doc>
<doc id="20619580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619580" title="Çələbixan">
Çələbixan

Çələbixan is a village and the least populous municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 223. The municipality consists of the villages of Çələbixan, Qızılarx, and Kosalı.

</doc>
<doc id="20619590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619590" title="Öyrət">
Öyrət

Öyrət (also, Oryat) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 302.

</doc>
<doc id="20619595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619595" title="Drinkstone">
Drinkstone

Drinkstone is a small settlement in Suffolk, England. It is near the A14 road and is southeast of the town of Bury St Edmunds. It is one of the oldest villages in England, as mentioned in the Domesday Book,1086

</doc>
<doc id="20619605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619605" title="Mastering Perl">
Mastering Perl

Mastering Perl, published in 2007 by O'Reilly Media, is the third book in their series of tutorials for the Perl programming language, following "Learning Perl" and "Intermediate Perl". The book is written by brian d foy.

</doc>
<doc id="20619615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619615" title="Kəhrizoba">
Kəhrizoba

Kəhrizoba is a village in the municipality of Təpəcənnət in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20619624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619624" title="Kosalı">
Kosalı

Kosalı is a village in the municipality of Çələbixan in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20619626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619626" title="Qızılarx">
Qızılarx

Qızılarx is a village in the municipality of Çələbixan in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20619640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619640" title="Richard Harry">
Richard Harry

Richard Lewis Lloyd Harry (born 30 November 1967 in Sydney, Australia, educated at Barker College, Hornsby) is a retired Australian rugby union player.
Harry was a hard-running loosehead prop and an integral part of the Wallabies during a golden era, which included clinching the Bledisloe Cup in 1998 and retaining it for the next three years, World Cup glory in 1999, and Tri Nations triumph in 2000.
Harry's playing career started in the back row as a flanker for Sydney club Eastwood, though he soon realised higher honours would not come if he remained there. He made the switch to the front row of the engine room, dropping to 5th grade in the process to ply his trade. By the end of 1994, he was fast-tracked into the Emerging Wallabies and NSW selection came the following year.
In 1996, he was selected for his international debut for the Wallabies against Wales in Brisbane, and went on to record 37 Test caps over a memorable five-year period. In 2005 he named at number one in an Australian Rugby Union team of the decade. 
Harry is now a representative for the International Rugby Player's Association.
His father Philip Harry also served as President of the Australian Rugby Union in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20619644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20619644" title="Kimberley Road">
Kimberley Road

Kimberley Road (金巴利道) is a road in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Located between Observatory Road and Nathan Road. The Road runs parallel to Kimberley Street, Cameron Road and Granville Road.
Name.
The road first appeared on the Rates List for 1897/8. John Wodehouse, 1st Earl of Kimberley gave his name to this road. He was a Secretary of State for the Colonies from July 1870 to February 1874 and served under the Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone.

</doc>
