<doc id="20607949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607949" title="List of fictional swords">
List of fictional swords

This article lists fictional swords. For swords originating in mythology and legend see List of mythological swords.
In Arthurian fiction.
The sword Excalibur is important in the Matter of Britain — Arthurian literature and myth. Some examples of works which retell the tale of the sword include:
Other Western European medieval fiction.
Matter of France.
"The Song of Roland" and later romances about Charlemagne and his knights feature a number of named swords:
In fantasy fiction.
J. R. R. Tolkien: "Middle-earth".
"Swords only appearing in the film adaptations":
In movies and television.
Zatoichi.
Shikomizue: The blind swordsman Zatoichi's weapon in the Japanese series of movies. It is a sword hidden in a cane, with a dagger hidden in the hilt.

</doc>
<doc id="20607956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607956" title="List of windmills in Lincolnshire">
List of windmills in Lincolnshire

A list of windmills in the traditional county of Lincolnshire.
__TOC__
Notes.
Mills in bold are still standing, known building dates are indicated in bold. Text in "italics" denotes indicates that the information is not confirmed, but is likely to be the case stated.
Sources.
Unless indicated otherwise, the source for all entries is

</doc>
<doc id="20607961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607961" title="Zgornje Stranje">
Zgornje Stranje

Zgornje Stranje () is a village on a terrace on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20607966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607966" title="Electoral district of West Perth">
Electoral district of West Perth

The Electoral district of West Perth was a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Western Australia. The district was named for its location immediately to the west of the central business district of Perth. 
West Perth was created as one of the initial 30 single-member districts, and one of only six in the Perth-Fremantle area, and its first member, elected on 10 December 1890, was Timothy Quinlan, a Perth city councillor and publican at the Shamrock Hotel. Quinlan became embroiled in a controversy regarding provision of state aid to private schools, which he and fellow Catholic MLAs Thomas Molloy and Alfred Canning supported. The Catholic Vicar General, Father Anselm Bourke, established the Education Defence League with their assistance. However, the issue became a major one in the 1894 election amongst the voting public, and all three MLAs lost their seats, Quinlan losing to former Fremantle mayor Barrington Wood. Wood was defeated in the 1901 elections by George Leake, the former opposition leader who was able to form a ministry and become the third Premier of Western Australia. 
The seat had several other notable members—the first female member of Parliament in Western Australia, Edith Cowan; the Attorney-General in the second Mitchell Ministry, Thomas Davy, who was widely considered to be leadership material until his death while playing cards at the Savoy Hotel in 1933, and Robert Ross McDonald, the leader of the Nationalist Party from 1938 until 1946 and one of the key architects of the Western Australian division of the Liberal Party, established in 1945.
The seat was generally safe for non-Labor candidates and parties throughout its existence, although a redistribution following the abolition of the seat of Perth prior to the 1950 election, which extended the seat east to Barrack Street, enabled Labor to hold the seat for its final three terms. Its final member, Stanley Heal, successfully transferred to the recreated seat of Perth following West Perth's abolition in a redistribution in 1961 ahead of the 1962 election

</doc>
<doc id="20607968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20607968" title="Herman Tjeenk Willink">
Herman Tjeenk Willink

Herman Diederik Tjeenk Willink (born January 23, 1942) is a retired Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA). He was the Vice President of the Council of State from July 1, 1997 until February 1, 2012.
He previously served as a Member of the Senate from June 23, 1987 and became the President of the Senate on June 11, 1991. He resigned both positions on March 11, 1997 when he became the Vice President of the Council of State taking office on July 1, 1997, and therefore the most important advisor to Queen Beatrix during that time.
On December 21, 2012, he was granted the honorary title of Minister of State.

</doc>
<doc id="20608003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608003" title="Zgornji Motnik">
Zgornji Motnik

Zgornji Motnik () is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Motnik in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Bela, Koprivše, Srobotno, Vrh, and Brezovica.

</doc>
<doc id="20608020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608020" title="Tabluha">
Tabluha

Tabluha () is a village in the Egyptian Nile Delta and the Al-Minufiyah governorate. It's inhabited by about 26,000 people and is circa 9 square kilometer in size (including the main village, Small Settlements and Farms around it).
Location.
Tabluha is located along the banks of the Al Batanunia Canal and is surrounded by 6 villages (Kafr Tabluha, Al Qalashy, Kafr Al Qalashy, Kafr Betebs, Kafr Qarshum, Al Batanun) from all sides in addition to The City of Tala which is located to its North-West.

</doc>
<doc id="20608044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608044" title="East Penn Railroad">
East Penn Railroad

The East Penn Railroad is a short-line railroad that operates a number of mostly-unconnected lines in the U.S. states of Pennsylvania and Delaware. Except for two industrial park switching operations, all are former Pennsylvania Railroad or Reading Company lines, abandoned or sold by Conrail or its predecessors.
ESPN was formed in 2007 through the merger of East Penn Railways and Penn Eastern Rail Lines , each of which began operating in the 1990s. The railroad is owned by Regional Rail, LLC, which also owns the Middletown and New Jersey Railroad, Tyburn Railroad, and Conshohocken Recycling & Rail Transfer.
History.
East Penn Railroad (ESPN) was formed in 2007 by the merger of East Penn Railway and Penn Eastern Rail Lines. Since the merger, the railroad has improved service and infrastructure on lines with customer growth potential; weaker lines were abandoned or sold off. of track was returned to service. A yard was also constructed in Pocopson, Pennsylvania along the Wilmington & Northern (W&N). ESPN has acquired additional locomotives and replaced older slocomotives to handle increased traffic, including the acquisition of two rebuilt EMD GP38-2's from GATX to be used along the W&N and Octoraro lines.
ESPN attempted to abandon the Colebrookdale line between Pottstown and Boyertown in 2008; it was eventually purchased by Berks County. In 2010, the Chester Valley line between King of Prussia and Bridgeport was abandoned and subsequently sold to Montgomery County so that it can become a part of the Chester Valley Rail Trail.
On August 1, 2011, the East Penn Railroad began operations on the York Industrial Track between York and Stony Brook, taking over operations from Norfolk Southern. In December 2012, the former Raritan River 40' boxcar #100, stored on East Penn tracks at its Quakertown depot, was restored, one of the few surviving pieces of equipment from the former Raritan River Railroad.
Operations.
ESPN operates 114 miles of track in eastern Pennsylvania and northern Delaware with a roster of 14 locomotives. The railroad operates multiple disconnected segments with locomotives assigned to each segment. Usually, two or three lines have service on a single day.
Lines operated.
The East Penn Railroad operates the following railroad lines:

</doc>
<doc id="20608045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608045" title="Athena Painter">
Athena Painter

The Athena Painter was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active about 490 to 460 BC. His speciality were white-ground "lekythoi" painted in the black-figure style.
His pseudonym, for his real name is unknown, refers to his preference for Athena in his choice of subjects. He was one of the last generation of black figure technique painters.
The Athena Painter, along with the Theseus Painter, continued the tradition of painting large standard "lekythoi". His black-figure work was of high quality. Apart from "lekythoi", he mainly painted "oinochai". Some archaeologists identify him with the red-figure Bowdoin Painter. They may, however, simply have worked in the same workshop. His workshop was one of the production centres that developed the painting of white-ground "lekythoi", which was to become especially important in the 5th century BC.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20608047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608047" title="Bönz Malone">
Bönz Malone

Bönz Malone is a Bronx-born writer and actor.
Career.
Bönz Malone began his writing career at Youth Communication in 1986, where he was a teen writer and reporter for "New Youth Connections" (later renamed "YCteen"), a magazine written by and for New York City public high school students. At Youth Communication, Malone developed and perfected his hip hop writing style in a monthly column called Streetalk, which ran from 1987 to 1989. Bonz later took the Streetalk column and style to "Spin" magazine, "Vibe" magazine, and other venues where he became a notable contributor.
Malone has been called the "Hunter S. Thompson of Hip Hop". 
Malone co-wrote and starred in the 1998 prison film Slam, which won the Camera d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival Grand Jury Prize at Sundance.
While Malone was at Youth Communication he was featured in "What's Going On," the Marc Levin television documentary about graffiti and street life. It was the first of several Levin films that he has appeared in. 
Malone is the author of the lavish coffee table book Hip Hop Immortals, for which he profiled 85 rappers and hip hop artists. 

</doc>
<doc id="20608048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608048" title="Australian Schools Championship (baseball)">
Australian Schools Championship (baseball)

The Australian Schools Championships for baseball, also informally named at all levels 'schoolboys', is an annual secondary school tournament that has been officially running since 1989. It includes an Open and U-15 tournament. Currently New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, Western Australia and the ACT compete in the Championship.
Teams are picked by their state's school sport association from their respective schoolboys state titles. It also provides an opportunity for the Australia national schoolboy baseball team to be picked.
Past Competitions.
Geelong 2007.
From 6 May to 12 May 2007 the Championship was held in Geelong, Victoria at the Geelong Baseball Park.
The eventual tournament winner was Queensland, defeating New South Wales 3-1 in the final.
Lismore 2008.
The 2008 tournament was held in Lismore, New South Wales at Albert Park from 4 May to 10 May 2008.
Western Australia won the event defeating New South Wales 5-0 in the final.
Canberra 2009.
In 2009, the tournament was held in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory from 4–9 May.
In one of the most tightly contested championships of recent years, the Victorian side came out on top, defeating NSW 5-3 in the final on Saturday.
Leading 3-0 early in the final, NSW fell victim to Victorian reliever Thomas Shaw who shut out his opponents the rest of the game - giving his team a chance of a thrilling comeback that they provided in turn.
For NSW the honours were shared, but some brilliant work in the field from shortstop Jacob Younis kept his side close enough to bring the tying run to the plate in the last inning. That was as close as the team got, as it took Victorian closer Andrew Jones just the one pitch to finish the game and bring the title back to Victoria - their first since 2005 and 7th in the history of the tournament.
In addition to team heroics, the tournament also played host to a raft of standout individual performances - culminating in the naming of the 2009 Australian Schools Team that will tour North America later this year under the guidance of Head Coach Stuart Hanrahan, assistants Chris Norrie and Brendon Wallace and tour Manager Neil Barrowcliff.
Perth 2010.
The 2010 tournament was played a week later than usual and at Perth, meaning many states sent a weakened squad due to the geographic location of Perth in relation to the rest of Australia and that Major League Baseball Australian Academy Program was due to start earlier in the year.
New South Wales sent a roster far stronger than any of the other states and dominated the tournament, winning all eight matches and scoring an average of 12 runs per game. They defeated Australian Capital Territory in the final 10-5.
Individual standouts were Luke Parish from New South Wales, who batted .524 and Colin Tilini (1-0) also from NSW who pitched 8.1 scoreless innings in two appearances, striking out 11.

</doc>
<doc id="20608067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608067" title="Kento Tsurumaki">
Kento Tsurumaki

He married Nami Otake, a former professional footballer on the Japan women's national football team, on 29 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20608092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608092" title="Piet Steenkamp">
Piet Steenkamp

Petrus Antonius Josephus Maria Steenkamp (born 8 March 1925 in Uithoorn, North Holland) is a Dutch politician.
He is a member of the CDA. He played an important role in the formation of the party and is therefore referred to as the father of the CDA. He was president of the Dutch Senate from 1983 to 1991. He was succeeded by Herman Tjeenk Willink.

</doc>
<doc id="20608106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608106" title="Nandita da Cunha">
Nandita da Cunha

Nandita da Cunha is a writer of Goan Catholic origin.
Career.
Nandita is the author of the book "The Magic of Maya".

</doc>
<doc id="20608108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608108" title="Masashi Owada">
Masashi Owada

Career statistics.
Last update: 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20608115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608115" title="Abdul-Aziz bin Talal bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud">
Abdul-Aziz bin Talal bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud

Abdul Aziz bin Talal () is a member of the House of Saud.
Early life.
Abdul Aziz was born in Jeddah on September 5, 1982. He is a son of Prince Talal and Majdah al Sudairi, daughter of Turki bin Khaled al Sudairi. Turki bin Khaled is former President of the Saudi Human Rights Commission and a cousin of the Sudairi Seven. 
Abdul Aziz is the fifth son of Prince Talal.
Personal life.
Abdul Aziz is married to HH Princess Sora bint Saud, granddaughter of King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="20608118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608118" title="Fred Moosally">
Fred Moosally

Fred P. Moosally (born 4 October 1944) is a former captain in the United States Navy. During his naval career, Moosally served in many different assignments, including commander of a destroyer and the battleship . Moosally was captain of the "Iowa" when the center gun of one of the ship's main gun turrets exploded on April 19, 1989, killing 47 crewmen.
During the investigation into the cause of the explosion, Moosally testified that the Navy had assigned personnel of inferior quality to the "Iowa". The investigation found that "Iowa" had been operating with severe deficiencies in safety and training procedures, for which Moosally was disciplined. The Navy stated that the deficiencies were unrelated to the turret explosion.
In December 1989 in testimony before the United States Senate Armed Services Committee, Moosally declined to fully support the Navy's conclusion that the explosion had been intentionally caused by Clayton Hartwig, one of the turret's crewmen. Moosally's testimony was widely reported in the media. Moosally retired from the Navy soon after in May 1990.
In 1999, Moosally began working for Lockheed Martin. In 2002 he was appointed president of the company's MS2 division. In this capacity, Moosally has helped lead Lockheed Martin's involvement in the and Integrated Deepwater System programs. Fred Moosally led MS2 from a $1B organization to a $4B+ organization when he retired in January 2010. Fred Moosally was succeeded in his position by Orlando Carvahlo, former General Manager and Vice President of the Lockheed Martin MS2 Moorestown, NJ site.
It was announced on 12 February 2010 that Moosally was hired as President and Chief Executive Officer of Fincantieri Marine Group (FMG), a subsidiary of Fincantieri-Cantieri Navali Italiani S.p.A.
Early life and education.
Moosally, born and raised in Youngstown, Ohio, was one of six children in a family of three sons and three daughters. His father was an insurance salesman and the family attended the local Syriac Maronite Church.
At Ursuline High School, according to Charles Thompson, Moosally played American football. A defensive tackle, he was selected as a second-string member of the all-city squad. Moosally also lifted weights, ran track, and played summer baseball. He graduated high school in 1962 and was recruited by Penn State and the University of Pittsburgh to play football. He instead decided to attend the United States Naval Academy after speaking with the academy's football coach, Bill Elias. Moosally played defensive tackle on the academy's football team. In 1964 he and the team played in the Cotton Bowl Classic. One of Moosally's teammates in the game was Heisman Trophy winner Roger Staubach. In 1965 Moosally was awarded the Annapolis Touchdown Club's Silver Helmet trophy as the team's Most Valuable Player and was selected to play in the Blue-Gray Football Classic.
Moosally graduated in 1966 with a class ranking of 812 out of 868. His classmates nicknamed him "Moose" because of his physical presence and his "slap-on-the-back" personality.
Naval career.
Moosally's first tour after commissioning as an ensign was on the destroyer in which he spent some time off the coast of Vietnam. He attended destroyer department head school at Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island and was assigned to the destroyer .
According to Thompson, in 1971, Moosally returned to the Naval Academy, where he worked in the recruitment and candidate guidance office. He also worked with the varsity football team. After turning 30 years old, Moosally was assigned to the frigate as the ship's executive officer. The ship's captain was (then) Lieutenant Commander William J. "Bud" Flanagan who would later become a four-star admiral and commander of the Navy's Atlantic Fleet.
After the "Bronstein", according to Thompson, Moosally was assigned to Washington, D.C. in the Navy's Bureau of Naval Personnel, where he worked for Vice Admiral Joseph Metcalf, III. He was subsequently assigned to the destroyer as executive officer. After "Mahan", Moosally was promoted to commander and was assigned to work for the Navy's Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) office as a surface-warfare program coordinator. Two years later, he became administrative assistant and aide to the CNO, Thomas B. Hayward.
After "Kidd", Moosally worked in the Navy's Office of Legislative Affairs. His supervisor was an Academy football teammate, Rear Admiral Thomas Lynch. In this position, Moosally was successful in helping lobby for congressional approval and funding for two new aircraft carriers, two frigates, and a nuclear-powered cruiser for the Navy. Jim Hickey, a congressional aide at the time, said of Moosally, "He's intelligent, politically savvy and well respected not only by the people in the liaison office but by the Navy folks as well."
According to Thompson, Moosally requested the command of one of the newly reactivated s. His request was supported by Metcalf, (then) Rear Admiral "Bud" Flanagan, Rear Admiral Richard Milligan (the Navy battle group commander in Charleston, South Carolina), and (then) Rear Admiral Jeremy Michael Boorda. The CNO at that time, Admiral Carlisle Trost, apparently agreed, and the request was granted; Moosally was assigned to command .
"Iowa".
Takes command.
After completion of the overhaul, according to Thompson, Moosally took "Iowa" on a shakedown cruise around Chesapeake Bay on August 25, 1988. Encountering difficulty in conning the ship through shallow water, "Iowa", with Moosally at the helm, narrowly missed colliding with the , , and before, Thompson claims, running aground in soft mud outside the bay's main ship channel near the Thimble Shoals. After one hour, "Iowa" was able to extricate herself without damage and return to port. Although other US Navy vessels observed "Iowa" grounded in the mud, the incident apparently was not acted upon by Moosally's superiors. Throughout August and September, "Iowa" continued with sea trials, then began refresher training in the waters around Florida and Puerto Rico in October.
Thompson states that between September 1988 and January 1989, "Iowa"s crew did not conduct much training with the 16-inch guns, in part because of ongoing, serious maintenance issues with the main gun turrets. According to Ensign Dan Meyer, officer in charge of the ship's Turret One, morale and operational readiness among the gun turret crews suffered greatly. In spite of the problems with the main gun turrets, the ship passed its Operation Propulsion Program Evaluation in October 1989.
Gun experiments.
In January 1989, according to Thompson, "Iowa"s Master Chief Fire Controlman, Stephen Skelley, and Gunnery Officer, Lieutenant Commander Kenneth Michael Costigan, persuaded Moosally to allow them to experiment with increasing the range of the main guns using "supercharged" powder bags and specially designed shells. Moosally was led to believe, falsely, that top officials from Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) had authorized the experiments. In fact, John McEachren, a mid-level bureaucrat with NAVSEA, had given the go-ahead to conduct the experiments, even though he had no authority to do so. McEachren concealed his approval of the gunnery experiments from his superiors.
Several of the officers and non-commissioned officers in charge of the main gun turret crews believed that Skelley's and Costigan's proposed experiments were dangerous, especially because of the age of and numerous maintenance problems with the main guns and gun turrets. Meyer complained to Lieutenant Commander Roger John Kissinger, "Iowa"s chief weapons officer, about the proposed experiments, but Kissinger refused to convey the concerns to Moosally or halt the experiments.
On January 20, 1989, off Vieques Island, according to Thompson, "Iowa"s Turret One fired six of the experimental shells using the supercharged powder bags. Skelley claimed that one of the 16-inch shells traveled , setting a record for the longest conventional 16-inch shell ever fired. Moosally was pleased with the accomplishment, and ensured that news of the record was publicized in the media. Although the shells had been fired without serious incident, Meyer and Petty Officer First Class Dale Eugene Mortensen, gun chief for Turret One, told Skelley that they would no longer participate in his experiments. Skelley asked Turret Two's gun chief, Senior Chief Reggie Ziegler, if he could use Turret Two for his experiments; Ziegler refused. Skelley then asked Lieutenant Phil Buch, Turret Two's officer in charge, and Buch acquiesced.
On April 10, 1989 the battleship was visited by the commander of the US 2nd Fleet, then Vice Admiral Jerome L. Johnson, and on April 13 sailed from Norfolk to participate in a fleet exercise in the Caribbean Sea near Puerto Rico. The exercise, titled "FLEETEX 3-89", began on or around April 17 under Johnson's command. "Iowa" served as Johnson's flagship during the exercise.
Turret explosion.
At 8:31 in the morning of April 19, 1989 "Iowa" prepared to engage in a main gun firing drill as Moosally and Johnson watched from the ship's bridge. Turret Two was to fire practice (no explosives) projectiles with five powder bags. The use of five bags had been directed by Skelley and was against regulations but Moosally was not aware of the unauthorized nature of the drill.
Turret One fired first, beginning at 09:33. Turret One's left gun misfired and its crew was unable to get the gun to discharge. Moosally now ordered Turret Two to load and fire a three-gun salvo. According to standard procedure, the misfire in Turret One should have been resolved first before proceeding with the exercise.
Turret Two's sprinkler system failed to operate automatically. Firefighting crews quickly responded and sprayed the roof of the turret and the left and right gun barrels, which were still loaded, with water. On Kissinger's recommendation, Moosally ordered Turret Two's magazines, annular spaces, and powder flats flooded with 16 tons (14,000 kg) of seawater, preventing the remaining powder from exploding and likely saving the ship. The turret fire was extinguished in about 90 minutes.
After the fire was extinguished, Moosally directed his crew to remove the bodies and to clean up the turret. No attempt was made to photograph or record the locations of the bodies or of damaged equipment in the turret. As a result, important evidence which could have assisted with the subsequent investigation into the cause of the explosion was lost.
"Iowa" returned on April 23 to Norfolk, where a memorial service was held on April 24. Several thousand people, including family members of many of the victims, attended the ceremony at which President George H. W. Bush spoke. Moosally also spoke at the ceremony, saying, "I remember Turret 2. They were the life, the spirit and the soul of our ship. We came together in times of trouble. We shared the good and the bad, the comedy and now the tragedy. But we must go on, the crew of the "Iowa"."
Investigation, deployment, and disciplinary action.
Milligan was placed in charge of the investigation into the explosion. As part of his investigation, Milligan interviewed Moosally on May 1 and May 10, 1989. In his testimony to Milligan, Moosally criticized "Iowa"s crew, stating that the Navy had sent him enlisted men of "inferior quality" and that many of "Iowa"s sailors were "dopers, marginal performers, constant UAs absences". Moosally added that if he had kicked out every sailor in his crew who was a troublemaker, had legal difficulties, or was incapable of doing his job, "I don't think I'd have many guys left."
According to Thompson, "Iowa"s Turret Two was trained forward after the explosion to its stowed position and superficial repairs were conducted. All the related repair pieces were stored inside the turret and the turret was sealed shut. The turret was never put back into operation.
Milligan's investigation, completed in July, concluded that the explosion was caused intentionally by a Turret Two crewman named Clayton Hartwig who Milligan believed was suicidal and homicidal. Milligan also found that, under Moosally, "Iowa" was operating with severe training and safety deficiencies. The finding that the explosion was intentionally caused by Hartwig was heavily criticized by the victims' families, the media, and members of Congress. Most of "Iowa"s crewmen also did not believe that Hartwig was responsible for the explosion.
On October 3, 1989 Donnell flew to the Mediterranean to discipline "Iowa"s officers in response to findings in Milligan's report. Milligan had recommended that Moosally be relieved of command, but Donnell had decided on a lesser punishment. Moosally and Bob Finney, "Iowa"s operations officer, were given non-punitive "letters of admonition" which were not placed in their permanent personnel records. Donnell stated that Moosally's "poor adherence to explosive safety regulations and ordnance safety" and "his failure of leadership" were a "marked departure from an otherwise outstanding performance".
Shortly thereafter, the Navy issued a statement explaining that the safety violations and training deficiencies found aboard "Iowa" during the investigation were unrelated to the explosion. Two weeks later, a panel of 13 Navy admirals recommended that Moosally be given another major command, stating that Moosally was "superbly fit" for such responsibility. Milligan was one of the admirals on the panel who supported the recommendation. After Thompson asked Rear Admiral Brent Baker, the Navy's Chief of Naval Information, and Chief of Naval Personnel Jeremy Michael Boorda about the recommendation, Moosally's name, according to Thompson, was withdrawn.
On October 8, the "Navy Times" newspaper published a story titled ""Iowa" CO Rips Quality of Officers, Crew" which detailed Moosally's testimony to Milligan in which Moosally had disparaged his crew. Thompson claims that many of "Iowa"s sailors were enraged by Moosally's remarks, with a few reportedly threatening Moosally's life.
"Iowa" returned to Norfolk on December 7. At a press conference the same day, according to Thompson, Moosally explained that his comments criticizing his crew had been taken out of context by the news media.
Senate testimony and retirement.
Moosally was scheduled to testify on December 11 before the United States Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC), which was investigating the Navy's findings about the explosion. The weekend before his appearance in front of the committee, Moosally prepared his remarks at his home in Oakton, Virginia. Rumors were spreading throughout the top ranks of the Navy that Moosally was angry about Milligan's investigation and was contemplating attacking the Navy's findings before the SASC. In response, several Navy admirals, including Bud Flanagan and Ted Gordon, at that time the Navy's Deputy Judge Advocate General, visited Moosally at his home during the weekend to encourage Moosally to support the Navy's position regarding the cause of the explosion in his senate testimony. Said Gordon of his visit, "I went over to Moosally's home the night before his testimony to tell him to cool it, to watch it. I told him I thought he would still make admiral, no matter what had happened to the "Iowa"."
Appearing before the SASC on December 11, Moosally denied that "Iowa" had carried out illegal or unauthorized gunfire experiments. He added that his disparaging remarks about the quality of his crew had been misunderstood. Senator Sam Nunn asked Moosally if he agreed with the Navy's conclusion that Hartwig had "most probably" caused the explosion. In a response that was widely reported in the media, Moosally answered, "I would not come out and say that. I would not make an unqualified statement that Petty Officer Hartwig is the guy who committed the wrongful act. I do not think I can do that."
Reportedly as a result of his refusal to fully support the Navy's position, Moosally's Navy career was over. A request for his retirement, whether made by Moosally or someone else is unclear, was approved a few days later. The Navy later reopened its investigation and eventually concluded that it could not determine who or what had caused the tragedy. An independent review of the Navy's investigation by Sandia National Laboratories concluded that the explosion had probably been caused by an overram of the powder bags into the center gun's breech, possibly because of a malfunction in the rammer mechanism or because the gun crew was inadequately trained.
On April 19, 1994, Moosally and other former "Iowa" crewmen attended the dedication of a memorial plaque at Norfolk Naval Station to the 47 sailors killed in the explosion. Thompson claims that Moosally was shunned or ignored by many of the former crewmen present, who were still angry over his disparaging comments about them during the investigation.
A Glimpse of Hell.
In 1999, Charles Thompson published a book titled "A Glimpse of Hell: The Explosion on the USS Iowa and Its Cover-Up" which documented Thompson's investigation into the explosion and its aftermath. The book was extremely critical of Moosally, depicting him as an inept seaman who gained command of the battleship through political connections. In 2001, the FX TV network broadcast a movie "A Glimpse of Hell" based on Thompson's book, starring James Caan in the role of Moosally.
Lawsuit.
In March 2001 Moosally and two other former "Iowa" officers plus an officer involved in the investigation into the explosion filed suit against "Glimpse of Hell" author Thompson, his publisher, W.W. Norton, and Dan Meyer, who the plaintiffs stated provided much of the information used in the book, for libel, false light privacy, and conspiracy. In response to the suit, Thompson stated that he stood "foursquare" behind his book's content.
In April 2004 the South Carolina Supreme Court dismissed the suits against Thompson and Meyer for of lack of personal jurisdiction against both individuals, but allowed the suit against W. W. Norton to proceed. In February 2007 the suit was settled out-of-court for undisclosed terms. Stephen F. DeAntonio, Moosally's attorney, said that his client felt "totally vindicated". W. W. Norton did not publicly retract or repudiate any of the material in Thompson's book, however, instead sending a letter to Moosally and the other plaintiffs stating, in part, "'To the extent you believe the book implies that any of you were engaged in a cover-up, were incompetent, committed criminal acts, violated Naval regulations or exhibited faulty seamanship or professional ineptitude, Norton regrets the emotional distress experienced by you or your family."
Lockheed Martin career.
Littoral combat ship.
In 1997, Moosally began working for Lockheed Martin in the Washington, D.C. area while living in Oakton. In 1999, Lockheed Martin appointed Moosally as president of its Naval Electronics & Surveillance Systems (NESS) Surface Systems business, based in Moorestown, New Jersey. On October 1, 2002, Lockheed Martin appointed Moosally as president of the NESS division. The division's name was later changed to Maritime Systems and Sensors (MS2) division.
On May 29, 2004, Lockheed was awarded a contract to construct two of the first four littoral combat ships (LCS) for the US Navy. Moosally's MS2 division managed the contract for Lockheed. The contract called for the first LCS to be delivered to the Navy at the end of 2006 at cost of $220 million. As construction of the ship progressed, however, it became apparent that the delivery date and construction cost would significantly exceed the original expectations.
Due to the expected cost and schedule overruns with Lockheed's first LCS and a failure to come to an agreement on a fixed cost for future work, the Navy canceled Lockheed's production of its second LCS in April 2007. Lockheed's first LCS, , was delivered to the Navy in November 2008 at a cost of over $531 million, more than double the original contracted price. In March 2009, the Navy renewed the contract with Lockheed to build its second LCS, the .
Deepwater.
Around 1997, the United States Coast Guard (USCG) determined that its fleet of open ocean ("deepwater") ships and aircraft needed to be replaced. The USCG elected to replace these assets with a system-of-systems acquisition which would be procured as a single, integrated package, estimated to cost a total of $24 billion, called the Integrated Deepwater System Program or "Deepwater." On June 25, 2002, the USCG awarded a five-year, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, performance-based contract to Integrated Coast Guard Systems (ICGS), a consortium of private companies led by Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman Ship Systems. Moosally served as vice-chairman of ICGS. On May 19, 2006, the USCG extended the contract with ICGS for 43 additional months.
's MS2 division led Lockheed's participation in the Deepwater contract. Specifically, Lockheed's portion of the Deepwater program encompassed system engineering and integration, the command and control network, and logistics and aviation, including refurbishment of existing assets and production of new components. One of the refurbishment projects was upgrades to the USCG's 110-foot patrol boats.
In August 2006, Lockheed engineer Michael DeKort went public with claims that Lockheed's MS2 division had contributed to ICGS's delivery of boats that were unsafe and which did not meet the USCG's requirements. DeKort stated that Lockheed had accepted schedule and cost requirements that were impossible to meet. As result, according to DeKort, Lockheed's MS2 engaged in corner-cutting measures which adversely affected the boat's electronics systems. These issues included camera surveillance blind spots over the bridge, electronic equipment for communications, navigation and sensor systems, that were installed on the outside of the boat, that would not meet extreme weather requirements, the use of hazardous smoke producing cables, and security deficiencies that would cause a compromise of the boat's secure communications systems.
A subsequent United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS) inspector general report confirmed that some of DeKort's allegations were valid, including that in at least one instance, "The contractor Martin knowingly installed in the (boats) equipment that did not meet specific environmental requirements outlined in the Deepwater contract." As a result of this and other issues with the program, in April 2007 the USCG announced that it was curtailing ICGS's role as active manager of the Deepwater contract.
On May 17, 2007, Moosally testified before the United States House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Border, Maritime and Global Counterterrorism concerning the DHS' report's findings. Moosally stated that Lockheed had either met the contracted requirements or had immediately notified the USCG when issues arose. He added that any other discrepancies were minor and did not affect the safety, reliability, or effectiveness of the systems in question.
DeKort criticized Moosally's testimony, calling it "not correct" in that it had misrepresented the true nature of the issues. In a letter to Representatives Loretta Sanchez and Chris Carney, DeKort stated that in 2004 when he asked to talk to Moosally to explain his concerns about issues with MS2's work on the systems, Moosally had refused to meet with him. The USCG later canceled all further work on upgrading the 110-foot patrol boats, but this was primarily because of problems with hull modernization and extension efforts by Bollinger Shipyards, Inc., a Lockheed subcontractor.

</doc>
<doc id="20608130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608130" title="Theo Thurlings">
Theo Thurlings

Theodorus Lambertus Mathis (Theo) Thurlings (Tegelen, 24 December 1916 – Wageningen, 10 September 1997 was a Dutch economist and politician.
He was a member of the CDA. He was president of the Dutch Senate from 1973 till 1983. He was preceded Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon and was succeeded by Piet Steenkamp.

</doc>
<doc id="20608131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608131" title="Karl-Heinz Boska">
Karl-Heinz Boska

Karl Heinz Boska (18 October 1920 – 22 October 2004) was a Hauptsturmführer (Chief Storm Leader/Captain), in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. This was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Karl Heinz Boska was born on 18 October 1920 in Kiel.
He attended the elementary school in Kiel-Hassee and then in 1932 changed to upper II at the Royal University in Kiel.
Then in 1937 he moved to the Napola Boska Plön, where he remained until the beginning of the war.
World War II.
Boska volunteered for ths SS and after the Polish Campaign was posted to the 1st SS Motorcycle Reserve Battalion in September 1939. Then in June 1940 was posted to the 3rd Company, Reconnaissance Battalion, SS-VT (auxiliary) for the Battle of France.
In February 1941 he was now part of the newly formed Motorcycle Battalion, "Das Reich" for the invasion of the Balkans (Operation Marita).
In September 1941 he was selected to be an officer and sent to the SS-Junkerschule at Brunswick where he remained until April 1942.
After graduation he was posted to the SS Regiment "Langemarck", as a platoon leader and remained with the "Langemarck" until October 1942, when he was posted to the new II.Battalion, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment "Das Reich" which was just being formed, as a Untersturmführer (Storm Leader/Second Lieutenant) and platoon leader in the Headquarters Company.
In October 1943 he was given command of the 6th Company, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment, which in November 1943 was in the Schewtschenkiwka sector. Where he was assigned to defend the area of the 344th Panzer Grenadier Regiment against the expected Russian tank assault.
On the morning of 13 November near Bolschaja Grab, the Russian infantry mounted a large and dangerous surprise attack on the 2nd Company Headquarters. Russian troops managing to close to less than 200 meters before being detected. Obersturmführer Boska, rallied and led 5 of his panzers in a ferocious counterattack which over the period of a two-hour battle destroyed 12 Russian anti-tank guns, 2 field guns and killed 380 Russian troops earning him an immediate recommendation for the Knight's Cross by the Divisional commander, Walter Krüger.
On 16 December Boska was promoted to Obersturmführer (Senior Storm Leader/First Lieutenant) and Adjutant of the II.Battalion, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment and received the Knight's Cross.
In July 1944 Boska was transferred to the staff of the 7th Army, under Oberstgruppenführer, Paul Hausser, until September 1944 when he returned to the 6th Company which was involved in the heavy fighting in and around Vienna.
Post war.
Boska was made a prisoner of war, by the British forces and was released in March 1948.
Karl Heinz Boska died on 22 October 2004 in Raisdorf near Kiel.

</doc>
<doc id="20608148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608148" title="Yoshinobu Harada">
Yoshinobu Harada


</doc>
<doc id="20608160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608160" title="Propaedeutics">
Propaedeutics

Propaedeutics or propedeutics is a historical term for an introductory course into a discipline: art, science, etc. Etymology: pro- + Greek: "paideutikós", "pertaining to teaching".
Propaedeutics may be defined as knowledge necessary for learning, but not for proficiency.
In medicine, the terms "propedeutics"/"propedeutic" specifically refers to preliminary collection of data about patient by observation, palpation, temperature measurement, etc., without specialized diagnostic procedures. 
The 1851 "Encyclopaedia Americana" writes that it is: 
"...a term used by the Germans to indicate the knowledge which is necessary or useful for understanding 
or practising an art or science, or which unfolds its nature and extent, and the method of learning it. It is applied, 
therefore, not only to special introductions to particular branches of study, but also to auxiliary sciences, logic, philology, etc., and the encyclopaedic views of particular branches of science which facilitate 
an insight into the relations of the parts. Such a survey can he presented only by one who has studied a science in 
all its ramifications. The term propaedeutics is often, of course, merely relative : thus philology belongs to the propaedeutics of history, while it is itself the main study of a certain class of scholars. The term, however, in its common use, is generally restricted to the body of knowledge, and of rules necessary for the study of some particular science — rules which originate in the application of the general laws of science or art to a particular department. 
Thus we find in the catalogues of lectures to be delivered in German universities medical propaedeutics, &c., enumerated."
Netherlands.
In the Netherlands, propedeuse is a propaedeutic diploma issued after the first year of studies, often referred to as ""P"" by students. Universities and "university of applied sciences' are not forced by law to make use of this propaedeutic diploma, but it is quite common. The diploma is not a recognized degree and thus grants no rights outside the Dutch educational system. It has remained in use after the introduction of the Bologna process and the international bachelor-master system in the Netherlands.
When in use at an educational institution, the propaedeutic diploma is a mandatory diploma which a student acquires by successfully completing all subjects (60 credits) and study requirements of the first year. This first year is therefore also known as the "propedeuse" or the "propedeutische fase" (literally, "propaedeutical phase"). Some study programs require the student to score sufficient on an additional examination.
History.
The propaedeutic diploma was introduced as a means to determine whether a student is suited for studying in the direction of his or her choice, and traditionally signifies that a student is officially accepted at a university. To symbolize this, schools may choose to organize an annual formal event where the propaedeutic diploma is awarded, mostly in early October, although this tradition is on a decline for financial reasons.
Educational reforms in 1982 emphasized the orientational, selecting and referring function. The difference between "hogescholen(university of applied sciences" and universities was diminished so that the "propedeutische fase" became a commonly used name for the first year in all tertiary education. It became possible to enroll at university with a "hogeschool propaedeutic diploma". This method is often used by students who did not obtain the required secondary education. University students can also enroll at a different university or "hogeschool" for the same or a similar study program.
At the end of the first year, an educational institution is obligated to issue advice on a student's suitability, whether the institution awards the propaedeutic diploma or not. In the vast majority of cases, this will be positive advice. The two possible consequences of not obtaining the propaedeutic diploma in one year are a "negatief advies" (literally, "negative advice") which implies that the university or "hogeschool" recommends the student to enroll in a different study program, and a "bindend negatief advies" (literally, "binding negative advice") which prohibits the student from continuing or re-enrolling for the same study program at the institution. Furthermore, most "hogescholen (university of applied sciences)" have included in their statutes that should a student fail to meet the requirements for the propaedeutic diploma within a set period of time, usually set at two years, the student cannot continue to obtain a bachelor's degree.

</doc>
<doc id="20608162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608162" title="Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon">
Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon

Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon (born 16 March 1904 in Bodegraven – died 25 July 1979 in The Hague) was a Dutch politician.
During the Second World War, he was a prisoner in several Japanese prisoner-of-war camps, like Sukamiskin Penitentiary in Bandung.
After the war he became a member of the PvdA and was considered to be very progressive. Between 1950 and 1969 he was mayor of Wageningen. From 1956, he was a member of the Senate as well. As a senator, he often collided with Minister of Foreign Affairs Joseph Luns on the issue of Netherlands New Guinea. In 1969, he replaced Jannes Pieter Mazure as president of the Senate. In 1973 De Niet was succeeded by Theo Thurlings.

</doc>
<doc id="20608169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608169" title="Hideyuki Nakamura">
Hideyuki Nakamura

Career statistics.
Last update: 30 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20608178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608178" title="Marigaux">
Marigaux

Marigaux, also known as SML (Strasser-Marigaux-Lemaire) is a French manufacturer of high quality woodwind instruments.
Marigaux is considered one of the world's best oboe-makers. The company has made a line of woodwinds that has also included clarinets, saxophones, flutes and bassoons.
History.
Strasser Marigaux & Lemaire was founded January 12, 1935 by three partners: Charles Strasser, a businessman who was born in Switzerland; Marigaux, an instrument maker who trained at Buffet-Crampon, where his father was "premier ouvrier," and Lemaire. After the death of Lemaire many years ago, Strasser and Marigaux bought their partner's shares and the company became known as "Strasser-Marigaux." Marigaux died in the early 1970s, leaving Strasser the sole owner of the company. Strasser then sold SML (it continues to use these initials) to a holding company—Strasser-Marigaux S.A..
Strasser Marigaux began its activity in Paris with manufacture of saxophones and flutes. Production of oboes and clarinets was started in a workshop located at the Seam Boussey, village of l'Eure, cradle of French artisan manufacture.
SML ceased production of saxophones in 1982; at the time, the company was making 400 saxes a year. It was also selling saxes to King Musical Instruments, which marketed them under the name,"King Marigaux." A company spokesperson said SML stopped making saxophones because "we just couldn't compete with Selmer anymore" and would "... devote itself entirely to the improvement of the oboe and the clarinet".

</doc>
<doc id="20608196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608196" title="Kazuhiko Shingyoji">
Kazuhiko Shingyoji

Shingyoji previously played for Mito Hollyhock in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20608218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608218" title="Zgornji Tuhinj">
Zgornji Tuhinj

Zgornji Tuhinj () is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is the centre of the upper part of the Tuhinj Valley.
The settlement was first mentioned in documents dating 1213. The church in the centre of the village is dedicated to the Assumption and, according to evidence found during its extensive renovation in 1967, was originally a gothic structure, but has been frequently rebuilt. Its size indicates it was a pilgrimage church, on what was a busy route between Upper Carniola and Styria. The current church dates to the early 17th century with more recent changes and a belfry from the 1950s, when the previous tower collapsed.
A second church, dedicated to Saint Vitus, stands on a hill above the village. This church was mentioned by Valvasor in his "The Glory of the Duchy of Carniola". It is allegedly built on the site of an ancient Slavic holy site, but this is just as likely to have been a Celtic or Roman shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="20608227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608227" title="Barry Bishop (mountaineer)">
Barry Bishop (mountaineer)

Barry Chapman Bishop (January 13, 1932 – September 24, 1994) was an American mountaineer, scientist, photographer and scholar. With teammates Jim Whittaker, Lute Jerstad, Willi Unsoeld and Tom Hornbein, he was a member of the first American team to summit Mount Everest, on May 22, 1963. He worked for the National Geographic Society for most of his life, beginning as a picture editor in 1959 and serving as a photographer, writer, and scientist with the society until his retirement in 1994. He was killed in an automobile accident near Pocatello, Idaho later that year.
Early life.
Barry Chapman Bishop was born on January 13, 1932 to Robert Wilson Bishop, a sociologist who was to become a dean at the University of Cincinnati, and Helen Rebecca Bishop. He was fascinated by climbing from an early age, spending his summers with the YMCA in Colorado and joining the Colorado Mountain Club at age nine or ten. Under the tutelage of the club's members, many of whom were also members of the 10th Mountain Division, Bishop quickly learned mountaineering skills and was guiding expeditions in the Rockies and Tetons by age 12.
He attended school in Cincinnati; first a private school, and a private college preparatory school beginning in 8th grade. He began his undergraduate education at Dartmouth, where he roomed with Rodger Ewy and Bill Chafee. Following an acute lung infection, Barry soon switched to the University of Cincinnati, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in Geology in 1954. As part of his undergraduate research, he did field work in the Mt. McKinley area in the summer of 1951, during which time he participated in Bradford Washburn's expedition, reaching the summit on July 10, 1951 to claim the fourth ascent of the mountain and the first by the West Buttress route. He met Lila Mueller, also an undergraduate at the University of Cincinnati, and the two were married in 1955.
In the summer of 1952, Barry and Rodger Ewy climbed guideless on many "classics" in Europe, among which the Zugspitze Ridge, Cime Grande in the Dolomites, Z'mutt Ridge on the Matterhorn, the traverse from Gornergrat to Monte Rosa via summits of Breithorn, Castor and Pollux and both summits of Monte Rosa, and the Dent du Requin Needle on Mont Blanc. Barry soloed the Italian Ridge on the Matterhorn.
His studies continued at Northwestern University, where he earned a masters in geography in 1954–1955, studying shear moraines on the Greenland Icecap. During his work in Greenland he met Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd, and after joining the Air Force, served as scientific advisor to Byrd's staff with Admiral Dufek, at the Antarctic Projects Office in Washington, D.C., where he monitored international scientific programs in polar research. By 1958, when he was honorably discharged from the Air Force at age 27, Bishop had accumulated considerable skills as a mountaineer, polar scientist, photographer and explorer.
His daughter Tara is now the wife of Greg Mortenson, the co-author of Three Cups of Tea.
National Geographic Society.
In May, 1959, on the strength of his photographs from Antarctica and the Bugaboos, Bishop was hired by the National Geographic Society as Picture Editor for "National Geographic". He rose quickly with the magazine, becoming a photographer for the magazine in 1960, and had his first published photography in 1962. His 1963 photography work on the American Everest Expedition earned him a National Press Photographers Association Special Award. Eventually he would become a vice president and Chairman of the Committee for Research and Exploration.
Himalayan expeditions.
Bishop's work on shear moraines brought him to the attention of Sir Edmund Hillary, who invited him to join the Himalayan Scientific and Mountaineering Expedition of 1960–1961, where he served as the expedition's official glaciologist and climatologist. Though he was not sponsored by "National Geographic" on the trip, his photographic, scientific, and mountaineering accomplishments cemented his career with the Society. With fellow expedition members Mike Gill, Mike Ward and Wally Romanes, Bishop made the landmark first ascent of Ama Dablam, which was also the first winter ascent in the Himalayas.
Barry's success with the Hillary expedition and his work with National Geographic led to an invitation to join the 1963 American Everest Expedition, which aimed to make the first American ascent of Mount Everest. He was transferred to the "National Geographic" editorial staff and wrote an account of the expedition for the magazine, accompanied by his photography. On nearing the mountain, the expedition decided to attempt the unclimbed West Ridge, and Bishop helped establish a route up to the summit pyramid at before transferring to the portion of the team attempting the South Col. Via that route, Jim Whittaker summitted on May 1, becoming the first American to do so. In the following weeks, Tom Hornbein and Willi Unsoeld continued the attempt on the West Ridge, and Bishop and Lute Jerstad attempted the South Col. After a stove accident early on the morning of May 22, the pair began the summit attempt, reaching the South Summit at 2:00 p.m. and the main summit at 3:30. They waited on the summit for signs of Hornbein and Unsoeld, who were also due to reach the summit that day, but short of oxygen and seeing no sign of them, they began the descent at 4:15. As darkness fell around 7:30, they made voice contact with Hornbein and Unsoeld, who had summitted and were descending the South Col. After rendezvousing and descending further, the four decided to bivouac. During the night, temperatures reached −18 °F, and Bishop sustained frostbite that would result in the loss of all his toes and the tip of his little finger.
On July 8, 1963, the team was awarded the Hubbard Medal by president John F. Kennedy for their achievement.
Later career.
The loss of his toes marked the end of Bishop's technical climbing career, and in the late 1960s he refocused his energies on academics, enrolling in the University of Chicago's Ph.D. program in geography in 1966, assisting in high-altitude physiology studies, and planning and executing the field research for his dissertation, a cultural-ecological analysis of the Karnali Zone of western Nepal. The dissertation was eventually published in 1980 and in book form as "Karnali Under Stress" (1990).
Through the 1980s and early 90s, Bishop continued both his administrative duties with the National Geographic society as Vice Chairman and then Chairman of the Committee for Research and Exploration and Chief of the Geographic Liaison Office, and his research and service, leading Himalayan research expeditions in 1983 and 1985 and continuing to write for "National Geographic". He retired in 1994 and moved to Bozeman, Montana.
On September 24, 1994, Bishop was on his way to deliver a lecture in San Francisco when he apparently veered onto the shoulder of the highway, lost control of his car, and was killed. He was survived by his wife Lila, who suffered minor injuries in the accident, and by his son Brent and daughter Tara. The National Geographic Society honored him posthumously with the Distinguished Geography Educator award in recognition of a life that "reflected National Geographic's mission of increasing and diffusing geographic knowledge."

</doc>
<doc id="20608228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608228" title="Jannes Pieter Mazure">
Jannes Pieter Mazure

Jannes Pieter Mazure (24 December 1899, Rotterdam – 3 November 1990, The Hague) was a Dutch politician.
He was a member of the PvdA and was considered to be very outspoken about his beliefs. He was president of the Senate from 1966 to 1969. He was preceded by Jan Anne Jonkman and was succeeded by his party colleague Maarten de Niet Gerritzoon.

</doc>
<doc id="20608232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608232" title="Panixphere">
Panixphere

Panixphere were an English rock band featuring various past, present and future members of Cardiacs, Levitation, Dark Star, Dragons and The Wildhearts.
The band's only consistent member was guitarist and singer Christian "Bic" Hayes. The 1982–1984 lineup also featured “Flat Hat” and future Cardiacs roadie “Little Hicky”. The 1992–1993 lineup also featured Tim Smith (bass, vocals), Jon Poole (guitar, vocals) and David Francolini (drums).
Panixphere never released any albums or singles, but performed several high-profile concerts on the British psychedelic music scene during the early 1990s.
Panixphere did release one self-titled cassette demo dated October 1984, which according to the cassette inlay consists of the following tracks:-
- hello / childs play / Background plays (3min 25 sec)
- our part (3:06)
- Roundabout NoW (1:06)
The inlay also says:-
Recorded at New Atlantis Kingston-upon-Thames
October 1984.
Engineered by Tim
Played by Bic, Dom, Adrian.
Cover view came from Ben.
Thanx go to Tim+Max.
all stuff by Panixphere
(It also gives an address in Teddington and a phone number for Bic, but they're probably not relevant in 2012 :P).

</doc>
<doc id="20608235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608235" title="U.P.–Ayala Land TechnoHub">
U.P.–Ayala Land TechnoHub

The U.P.–Ayala Land TechnoHub is an information technology hub jointly developed by the University of the Philippines Diliman and property developer Ayala Land. It is located in Commonwealth Avenue, Barangay U.P. Campus , Quezon City. It occupies within the of the U.P. North Science and Technology Park.
Business activities.
The entire development was listed as an approved IT Park by the Philippine Economic Zone Authority in February 2009. This status makes export-oriented companies located therein eligible for temporary tax holiday, permanent reduced rate of corporate income tax, and other incentives. IBM announced in February 2009 that it would open an Innovation Center at the park, its second in Southeast Asia after the one located in Malaysia. Convergys also inaugurated its contact center at TechnoHub in April 2009, along with two others simultaneously opened at Nuvali TechnoHub in Santa Rosa, Laguna and Cebu IT Park in Cebu City.
History.
The TechnoHub is the second U.P.-Ayala joint project, the first being the U.P. South Technopark along C.P. Garcia and Katipunan Avenues; it is then followed by collaborations on Katipunan Avenue south of the UP Diliman campus. In October 2006, Ayala Land announced that it would invest P6 billion over the following five to ten years to develop the Commonwealth Avenue property. Quezon City mayor Feliciano Belmonte, Jr. signed an order in December 2006 adjusting the zoning classification of part of UP Diliman so that the project could legally proceed. Critics have charged that the site represents stealth privatization of part of the university and a gateway for private sector "vultures" to establish a foothold in the non-commercial university. Seven U.P. students were arrested for raising protests to this end during the hub's inauguration in November 2007; they were released without charges.
The first batch of tenants began moving into the technology park in August 2008. In October 2008, Ayala announced that ten startups would move into the northern technology park, in comparison to the nine already located in its southern counterpart.
In July 2009, Ayala and UP Diliman's opened a third collaboration, the DOST-PEZA Open Technology Business Incubator, at Katipunan Avenue; the new incubator planned to host companies focused on cloud computing and open-source software development.

</doc>
<doc id="20608246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608246" title="Barry Bishop">
Barry Bishop

Barry Bishop may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20608264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608264" title="Jan Anne Jonkman">
Jan Anne Jonkman

Jan Anne (Jan) Jonkman (Utrecht, 13 September 1891 – The Hague, 27 June 1976) was a Dutch politician.
He was a member of the PvdA. As a minister, he dealt with colonial affairs. He was also president of the Senate from 1951-1966. He was preceded by Roelof Kranenburg and was succeeded by his party colleague Jannes Pieter Mazure.

</doc>
<doc id="20608270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608270" title="Znojile, Kamnik">
Znojile, Kamnik

Znojile () is a small settlement in the hills above the Tuhinj Valley east of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Znojile was attested in written sources circa 1400 as "Snoynl" (and as "Snoyll" in 1477). The name is derived from "*znoji(d)lo" 'sunny or sun-facing area' from the verb "*znojiti" 'to be warmed by the sun'. The name therefore refers to the geographical orientation of the place.

</doc>
<doc id="20608275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608275" title="Erich Rossner">
Erich Rossner

Erich Rossner was a Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Eric Rossner was born on the 26 May 1918 in Helmbrechts. He volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the 2nd Battery, 2nd SS Panzerjäger Battalion, "Das Reich Division".
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class on the 25 July 1941, 1st class on the 3 August 1941 and the Knight's Cross on the 25 August 1941, for destroying 13 Russian tanks before being fatally wounded.
Rossner died of his wounds on the Eastern Front on the 12 September 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20608279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608279" title="Jun Tanaka (footballer)">
Jun Tanaka (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="20608285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608285" title="Strobilanthes crispa">
Strobilanthes crispa

Strobilanthes crispa is a member of the Acanthaceae and is known by the following common names: pokok pecah kaca or pokok pecah beling in Malaysia and pecah beling, enyoh kilo, kecibeling or kejibeling in Indonesia. It is a shrub that originated from Madagascar all the way to Indonesia and it thrives in Malaysia. The leaves are used traditionally for anticancer treatment and diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="20608300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608300" title="Parta Nagla">
Parta Nagla

Parta Nagla is a village in the Aligarh district of Uttar Pradesh in India. It is 3 km away from the town Iglas. This village is well known for its record production of potato. The main occupation of this village is agriculture.
The nearby villages are "Bisahuli, Katha, Matroi" and "Chunni Nagla". There is a famous temple of Chamunda Mata near this village. Devotees from all over India come here for worship.
In terms of infrastructure, condition of this village is not good, there is no electrical power supply.

</doc>
<doc id="20608308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608308" title="Roelof Kranenburg">
Roelof Kranenburg

Roelof Kranenburg (Groningen, 8 September 1880 – The Hague, 27 December 1956) was a Dutch politician, lawyer and professor of state law.
Initially, he was a member of the Vrijzinnig Democratische Bond, but later he joined the PvdA. He was president of the Senate from 1946 till 1951 He was preceded by Willem Lodewijk de Vos van Steenwijk and was succeeded by his party colleague Jan Anne Jonkman.
During the Second World War, he was put under arrest by the Nazis.

</doc>
<doc id="20608320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608320" title="Abdoulkader Cissé">
Abdoulkader Cissé

Abdoulaye Abdoulkader Cissé (born 5 August 1955) is a Burkinabé politician who served in the government of Burkina Faso as Minister of Mines, Quarries, and Energy from 2000 to 2011.
Life and career.
Cissé was born in Dori, located in Séno Province, and he studied in Ouagadougou, then in the Soviet Union at the National Economic Institute of Kiev. In 1991 he was awarded a Joint Japan / World Bank Scholarship to study at the University of Social Sciences of Toulouse in France. Beginning in 1983, he held a variety of official posts in Burkina Faso over the following eight years: he was Adviser on Economic Affairs at the Ministry of Planning and the Cooperation, "Chargé de mission" of the Minister-Delegate to the Presidency of Burkina Faso, President of the Economic and Social Council, Adviser to the Presidency for Economic Issues, and Director of Studies, Programming, and Follow-up for Investments at the Ministry of the Economy, Finance, and Planning. He was then a researcher on industrial economy and the privatization policies financed by the World Bank from October 1991 to February 1995. Later, he was President of the Chamber of Representatives, the upper house of Parliament, from December 1995 to January 1999.
Cissé was appointed to the government as Minister-Delegate to the Minister of Economy and Finance, in charge of Economic Development, on 14 January 1999. He was then promoted to the position of Minister of Trade, Industry, and Crafts on 12 October 1999; a year later, on 12 November 2000, he was moved to the position of Minister of Mines, Quarries, and Energy. In the May 2007 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP) in Seno Province. He was retained in his ministerial post in the government appointed after the election on 10 June.
Although he led the CDP to a poor showing in Sahel Region in the 2006 local elections, he was subsequently retained as the CDP's Secretary for Development and Political Commissioner for Sahel Region at the party's Third Ordinary Congress in November 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20608326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608326" title="Žaga, Kamnik">
Žaga, Kamnik

Žaga is a dispersed settlement that extends from the valley leading up to the Črnivec Pass up to the Big Pasture Plateau () in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20608332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608332" title="Serge Simard">
Serge Simard

Serge Simard (born 1950) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Dubuc in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party and the delegate Minister for Natural Resources.
A municipal councilor prior to his election, he was the president for council of the borough of La Baie in the Saguenay region. He was a member of several committees in the city of Saguenay. Prior to his political career, Simard obtained a degree from the Université Laval and worked for several years for the Mouvement Desjardins.

</doc>
<doc id="20608338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608338" title="Nobuhito Toriizuka">
Nobuhito Toriizuka


</doc>
<doc id="20608344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608344" title="Willem Lodewijk de Vos van Steenwijk">
Willem Lodewijk de Vos van Steenwijk

Willem Lodewijk, Baron de Vos van Steenwijk (10 July 1859, Dalfsen, Overijssel – 12 April 1947, The Hague) was a conservative Dutch politician.
He was a son of Jan Arend Godert de Vos van Steenwijk, who was president of the senate of the Netherlands from 1874 until 1880. He was a member of the "Christelijk Historische Unie" (CHU) and president of Senate from 1929 to 1946. He was preceded by Jan Joseph Godfried van Voorst tot Voorst and was in turn succeeded by the socialist Roelof Kranenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20608348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608348" title="Michel Pigeon">
Michel Pigeon

Michel Pigeon (born 1945) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Charlesbourg in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Pigeon received a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from the Laval University. He also made studies at the Imperial College of Science and Technology in London. He later worked as an engineer until 1972 where he worked as a professor in the Department of Engineering at Laval. From 2002 to 2007, he was also rector for the university. 
Pigeon defeated the ADQ's Catherine Morissette in Charlesbourg in the 2008 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20608364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608364" title="André Drolet">
André Drolet

André Drolet (born 1 June 1954) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Jean-Lesage in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Prior to his election, Drolet worked for over 25 years in the field of sales public relations including for O'Keefe and Michel Cardin. He is also the owners of several small businesses including a golf course and a well-known local restaurant in the Quebec City area.

</doc>
<doc id="20608365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608365" title="Sotaro Sada">
Sotaro Sada

Club career statistics.
Last update: 31 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20608391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608391" title="Raymond Bernier">
Raymond Bernier

Raymond Bernier (born November 6, 1952 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec. He was first elected to represent the riding of Montmorency in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2003 provincial election, but was defeated in the 2007 provincial election by Hubert Benoît of the Action démocratique du Québec. He was subsequently re-elected in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Bernier obtained a college degree in administrative sciences from the Cégep de Limoilou and a bachelor's degree in the same field at the Université Laval
Bernier worker for three years as financial management agent before working at the Commission de la santé et de la sécurité au travail (CSST) and the Ministries of Revenue and Transportation as well as for the Secretary of the Treasury Board.
He was also a councilor and substitute mayor for the municipality of Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures in central for eight years. In addition to his election wins in 2003 and 2008, he was defeated as a Liberal candidate in La Peltrie in 1994. After his 2007 defeat he worked as Chief Cabinet for Minister Monique Gagnon-Tremblay.

</doc>
<doc id="20608399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608399" title="Warrandyte State Park">
Warrandyte State Park

Warrandyte State Park is a state park, located in Warrandyte, east of Melbourne, Victoria on the banks of the Yarra River and surroundings. The park comprises 586 hectares of remnant bushland in various locations throughout Warrandyte and Wonga Park around Pound Bend, Fourth Hill, Black Flat, Yarra Brae and various other locations in the area. It hosts many significant geographical, environmental, archaeological and historical sites, such as the site of the first gold discovery in Victoria in 1851 and preserves the sites of former gold mines and tunnels. It is a popular destination for school and community groups and is frequented by local bush walkers and hikers.
Land now occupied by the park was initially occupied by Indigenous Australians of the Wurundjeri nation. After European settlement, gold was discovered in Warrandyte and the area was mined for a number of years. Frequent clearing had at one stage removed all the vegetation in the area and bushfires have erased much of the recent human architectural history of the area, however they have ensured the health of the bushland and reduced the impact of human settlements, enabling the vegetation to recover throughout the 20th century. The major threats to the park's ecology are introduced species of flora and fauna such as foxes, rabbits, dogs and cats. Being located close to suburban settlements, backburning is regularly undertaken within the park to minimise risk of bushfires.
History.
Land now occupied by the park was initially occupied by Indigenous Australians of the Wurundjeri nation. After European settlement in Melbourne, settlers were slow to spread out into the hills east of Melbourne into the Warrandyte area, but with the discovery of gold at Andersons Creek in July 1851, the first gold licences in Victoria were issued. At the turn of the century, the settlement at Warrandyte, employed about 250 miners. Much of the area was mined heavily throughout the late 19th and early 20th centuries, this was done in sections leaving large slots or "stopes" underground where the reef had been. Many of these mine shafts, structures and stopes remain as ruins throughout the park.
The park itself was established in 1975 in an effort to protect areas geographic, environmental, historical and archeological significance around Warrandyte. Stane Brae and Yarra Brae, were later added because of their conservation value. The most recent addition to the park was the Mount Lofty area in 1997.
Geography.
The park is located around 175 km upstream of the mouth of the Yarra River in Warrandyte, 24 km east of Melbourne. The park in its entirety comprises several detached areas of land adjoining the Yarra River from Pound Bend in the east, through Warrandyte to Wonga Park through the Warrandyte Gorge to Mount Lofty in the west. Other areas of land are situated throughout the hills immediately south of Warrandyte. The various areas include (roughly from east to west);
Other smaller areas and reserves within the state park include:
Gold Mine Ruins & Structures.
The area around Fourth Hill and Whipstick Gully was the most intensively mined in the area, the Gold Heritage Walk is a trail that includes information boards and signage detailing the history of the goldfields in the area. Some of the ruins of former mines and structures include:
Ecology.
The wildlife, so diverse on the fringe of such a big city, includes kangaroos, wallabies, wombats, platypus and koalas. Over 100 bird species have been recorded as well as many reptiles, frogs, fish and insects. Vegetation in the area was almost totally cleared during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, most of the vegetation seen today has regrown since then. Smooth-barked Manna Gums and Silver Wattles line the Yarra River, while an assortment of Box Eucalypts and other Wattles cover the hills. Much of the hilly area is characterised by open, forested country, with an understorey of native grasses, creepers, orchids and other wildflowers.
Recreation.
A range of activities can be undertaken within the park and on the Yarra River, many of these activities can be guided or involve tours. The following is a list of the various activities and information regarding them in the park:

</doc>
<doc id="20608401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608401" title="Jan Joseph Godfried van Voorst tot Voorst (politician)">
Jan Joseph Godfried van Voorst tot Voorst (politician)

Jan Joseph Godfried baron van Voorst tot Voorst Sr. (Elden, 16 September 1846 – Arnhem, 17 January 1931) was a Dutch politician and lieutenant-general of the Dutch army.
He was a member of the RKSP and was President of the Senate between 1914 and 1929. He was preceded by Jan Elias Nicolaas Schimmelpenninck van der Oye and was succeeded by Willem Lodewijk de Vos van Steenwijk.

</doc>
<doc id="20608406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608406" title="Jigsaw (Lady Sovereign album)">
Jigsaw (Lady Sovereign album)

Jigsaw is the second studio album by English rapper Lady Sovereign, released on 6 April 2009 in the United Kingdom under Lady Sovereign and EMI's imprint Midget Records.
Background.
Lady Sovereign released the album on 6 April 2009 in the United Kingdom and 7 April 2009 in the United States under her new label Midget Records in conjunction with EMI Records. Under her label, she said, "I feel great now. I feel like I've overcome all my dark times. I get to pick who I want to work with. No one can tell me off or make me do things because I'm the boss. It feels amazing. I've got my own label and everything works my way." The album is Sovereign's reaction and reflection of her popularity and the inability to cope with it, up to the point where she had suicidal thoughts. About the album, she said, "The album is the next chapter. It's a massive leap forward for mankind."
The album will also feature Sovereign singing; she explained, saying: I was seeing someone, it was pretty deep. I was loved up. Then it all fucked up and I just wanted to sing about it really. I'm not the best singer in the world but you listen to it and you definitely feel it, you know. Rapping is second nature to me. I feel different when I sing. I feel lighter, it's fun.
She explained the album's title, saying it "makes sense to call the album "Jigsaw" because it's kind of like different genres".
Production and writing.
The album will include production by Dr. Luke, Benny Blanco and Medasyn. Lady Sovereign said her first album was "not consistent", but "it worked" for her. On her new album, she went on to say, "A few of the tracks explain everything that's happened in the last two years, which I didn't get a chance to at the time." On production, she said she had been listening to electro and instrumental music. She stated that working with Medasyn is "an inspiration" because they "always come up with some weird beats together". Sovereign experimented with Auto-Tune in the album's lead single, "I Got You Dancing".
The opening track "Let's Be Mates" is a club-oriented dance song, while "Student Union" is a 1980s synth-driven track. "Jigsaw", the title track, is a rapcore song supplemented by strings with a sung chorus.
Promotion.
In early December 2008, Lady Sovereign uploaded a song on her MySpace profile entitled "I Got You Dancing", calling it "an early Christmas gift". In February 2009, Sovereign performed at The Echo in Los Angeles, California to promote "Jigsaw". She performed at the South by Southwest Music Festival in Austin, Texas in mid-March and will embark on a North American tour beginning in May 2009 to promote the album.
Reception.
Initial critical response to "Jigsaw" was mixed. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 57, based on 25 reviews. ClashMusic.com commented that "Jigsaw" is "a record where standout offerings seem such because of the lack of a considered segueing between arrangements". But the review concluded that progression from "Public Warning" was evident, and that some listeners "will fall instantly in love with the cheeky wit on show, at turns charming and caustic".

</doc>
<doc id="20608407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608407" title="Michel Matte">
Michel Matte

Michel Matte (born 12 December 1949) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Portneuf in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Matte obtained a bachelor's degree in physical education from the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières and a master's degree in arts from Laval University. He worked for 23 years at the Grand-Bois and Portneuf School Boards before being elected as mayor of Saint-Marc-des-Carrières in 1997. He was also the prefect for the Portneuf Regional County Municipality. He was also a member of the Union des municipalités du Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="20608412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608412" title="Yusuke Shimada">
Yusuke Shimada


</doc>
<doc id="20608413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608413" title="Jan Elias Nicolaas Schimmelpenninck van der Oye">
Jan Elias Nicolaas Schimmelpenninck van der Oye

Jan Elias Nicolaas baron Schimmelpenninck van der Oye (Brummen, 12 August 1836 – The Hague, 11 April 1914) was a Dutch politician.
Schimmelpenninck van der Oye was a general of military engineering who, as a member of the Anti Revolutionary Party, became both a member of the member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands and of the Senate of the Netherlands. He served as president of the senate between 1902 and 1914. He was preceded by Albertus van Naamen van Eemnes and was in turn succeeded by Jan Joseph Godfried van Voorst tot Voorst.

</doc>
<doc id="20608416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608416" title="Patrick Huot">
Patrick Huot

Patrick Huot (born 9 April 1975) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Vanier in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Huot has a bachelor's degree in political sciences and a master's degree in political analysis. He was elected as a city councillor for Duberger district in Quebec City, and was also a member of the Youth and Municipality Commission of the "Union des municipalités du Québec".

</doc>
<doc id="20608419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608419" title="WITIC">
WITIC

Wuhan International Trust and Investment Corporation (WITIC; 武汉国际信托投资公司) was set up in the 1980s by the Chinese government to function as the largest investment bank in Central China.
Location.
Strategically located in Wuhan, the largest city in Central China and the fifth largest in China, WITIC's main goal was to attract foreign investments for the heavily industrial cities in the area. With much autonomy, but still under the supervision of the China International Trust and Investment Corporation in Beijing (CITIC), WITIC brought major foreign investments to Wuhan Iron and Steel Corp and Dongfeng Motor Corporation. WITIC survived the crash of Guangdong International Trust and Investment Corp. (GITIC) in 1998 and severe liquidity problem that followed, which bankrupted most of the ITICs in China. However, in the light of the more decentralized approach by the Chinese government, WITIC has in recent years broken up into several companies that specialize in brokerage, investment, and accounting.

</doc>
<doc id="20608421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608421" title="Greetings from the USA">
Greetings from the USA

Greetings from the USA is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show, which was never released to the public; only to the overseas men and women serving in the military in October 2008. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated, daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air. While it is technically not sold in stores, one can own a copy by piecing together the tracks from previous albums and making their own compilation CD.

</doc>
<doc id="20608423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608423" title="Jean-Paul Diamond">
Jean-Paul Diamond

Jean-Paul Diamond (born 9 April 1940) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Maskinongé in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Diamond was a prefect for 10 years for the Maskinongé Regional County Municipality in the Mauricie region and was also mayor and councillors for the municipality of Saint-Alexis-des-Monts. He was an administrative member of the Fédération québécoise des municipalités. He also worked for the Cabinet of former Agriculture Minister Yvon Picotte and as vice-president of a local construction and paving company from over 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20608424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608424" title="John Cumming">
John Cumming

John Cumming may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20608436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608436" title="Albertus van Naamen van Eemnes">
Albertus van Naamen van Eemnes

Mr. Albertus van Naamen van Eemnes (Zwolle, 27 February 1828 – The Hague, 7 March 1902) was a Dutch politician and lawyer.
He was a moderate liberal politician. He was first a lawyer in the city of Zwolle. In 1866, he was elected as a member of the House of Representatives. In 1879 he lost his seat, but a year later he became first a member of the Senate. In 1889 he succeeded W.A.A.J. baron Schimmelpenninck van der Oye as President of the senate. After his death, another member of the Schimmelpenninck-family (Jan Elias Nicolaas Schimmelpenninck van der Oye) moved to this post..

</doc>
<doc id="20608440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608440" title="Danielle St-Amand">
Danielle St-Amand

Danielle St-Amand (born April 8, 1964) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Trois-Rivières in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Prior to her political career, Saint-Amand worked 14 years in the field of education and was manager for the Mauricie Tourism Association and the Trois-Rivières hospital Foundation (financial campaign). In 2007, she was the manager for the Saint-Tite Western Festival.
She was rewarded in 2003 for a Management Award by the Association des professionnels en gestion philanthropique du Québec.

</doc>
<doc id="20608450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608450" title="Ryoji Ujihara">
Ryoji Ujihara

Club career statistics.
Last update: 31 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20608453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608453" title="Claude Bachand (MNA)">
Claude Bachand (MNA)

"Claude Bachand is also the name of a Member of Parliament in Ottawa." 
Claude Bachand, B.Sc. (born April 6, 1956 in Montreal, Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Arthabaska in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Bachand obtained a college degree in health sciences at the Cégep de Rosemont in 1976 before obtaining a bachelor's degree at the Université de Sherbrooke in 1979. He worked as a mathematics, physic and chemistry teacher for 23 years and was also the mayor of the municipality of Saint-Norbert d'Arthabaska in the Centre-du-Québec region of southeastern Quebec from 1992 to 2002. He was also a member of various administrative councils in the Bois-Francs and Centre-du-Quebec area.
In 2003, Bachand was first elected at the National Assembly and was the vice-president of the economy and labor commission until his defeat in the 2007 elections. He briefly taught at a Victoriaville high school until he regained the Arthabaska seat in the 2008 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20608462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608462" title="Me First and the Gimme Gimmes discography">
Me First and the Gimme Gimmes discography

The discography of Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, a punk rock supergroup cover band, consists of five studio albums, three EPs, one live album, one compilation album, eighteen singles, one box set, and three music videos. 
Me First and the Gimme Gimmes formed in 1995 in California from members of other notable rock bands: Spike Slawson (Swingin' Utters), Chris Shiflett (No Use for a Name), Fat Mike (NOFX), and Joey Cape and Dave Raun (Lagwagon). They came together to perform cover songs during off-time from their main acts and did not initially intend to release albums, instead releasing singles named after the artists they had covered and contributing songs to compilation albums. Their first album, "Have a Ball", was released in 1997 and began a pattern of themed albums after particular musical genres. "Have a Ball" covered pop hits of the 1960s and 1970s and was followed by "Are a Drag" (1999), which covered Broadway show tunes. "Blow in the Wind" (2001) focused on pop hits of the 1960s, while "Take a Break" (2003) covered rhythm and blues songs. The band released the live album "Ruin Jonny's Bar Mitzvah" in 2004 on which they covered karaoke favorites, followed by "Love Their Country" in 2006 which focused on country and western songs. The compilation album "Have Another Ball" was released in 2008, consisting of outtakes from the "Have a Ball" sessions, many of which had appeared on compilations and singles over the years.
Singles.
I Denotes tracks that were re-released on "Have Another Ball".
II Denotes tracks that were also released on "Have a Ball".
III "Bob" is exclusive to the Me First and the Gimme Gimmes box set and was not released separately.
IV "Dolly", "Cash", "Willie", "Kenny", and "Jerry" comprise the "Square Dance Series", so named because the first pressing of each was on square-shaped vinyl. The A side tracks on each are songs from "Love Their Country", while the B side tracks are outtakes from the album sessions.
Other appearances.
The following Me First and the Gimme Gimmes songs were released on compilation albums, soundtracks, and other releases. Some songs were later re-released on albums, as noted below. This is not an exhaustive list: songs that were first released on the band's albums, EPs, or singles are not included.
I Denotes songs that were re-released on "Have Another Ball".
II "Nothing Compares 2 U" was included on "Take a Break" in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20608469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608469" title="Kazuki Sakurada">
Kazuki Sakurada


</doc>
<doc id="20608472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608472" title="Gilles Lehouillier">
Gilles Lehouillier

Gilles Lehouillier is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Lévis in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Lehouiller is a bachelor in communications and journalism from the Université Laval. He has being heavily involved in municipal politics particularly in the City of Lévis. He was a member of the executive council, member of various committees, vice-president of the Société de transport Trans-Sud transit company and member of the executive committee for the economic promotion of the Quebec City metropolitan area. He also worked as a provincial public servant including as regional director for the Ministry of Municipal and Regional Affairs and had various duties related to communications agent.
He was elected mayor of Lévis on the 2013 Quebec Municipal elections on November 3, 2013 for his party Lévis Force 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20608480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608480" title="Isdell River">
Isdell River

Isdell River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, named in 1898 by explorer Frank Hann after James Isdell JP, prominent pastoralist, miner and pearler, and later MP.
The river rises in the Packhorse Range and flows in a south- westerly direction until it reaches Isdell Gorge at the foot of the King Leopold Range where it changes to a north-westerly direction before discharging into the eastern end of Walcott Inlet.
The river has eleven tributaries including; Sprigg River, Woolybutt Creek, Cadjuput Creek, Woomera Creek and Tulmulnga Creek.
The traditional owners are the Wangina Wunggurr Willingin people who maintain a strong connection to the river despite disruptions by pastoral activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20608497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608497" title="Norbert Morin">
Norbert Morin

Norbert Morin (born December 16, 1945) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party and is the member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Côte-du-Sud electoral district.
He was first elected to represent the riding of Montmagny-L'Islet in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2003 provincial election, but was defeated in the 2007 provincial election by Claude Roy of the Action démocratique du Québec. He was subsequently re-elected in the 2008 provincial election. Montmagny-L'Islet ceased to exist in the 2012 election, and Morin ran and won in the newly created Côte-du-Sud.
Prior to his election, Morin was a municipal councilor from 1974 to 2002 for the municipality of Saint-François-de-la-Rivière-du-Sud and was mayor for the town in 2003 and in 2007. He was an administrative member for a local Desjardins bank, the Montmagny CLSC and CHSLD as well as the local tourism office. He was also president for the public safety committee and an administrator of the local development center of the Montmagny Regional County Municipality. He is also the owner of a meat shop since 1990.
During his first term, Morin was the parliamentary assistant to the Minister of Wildlife and Parks.

</doc>
<doc id="20608499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608499" title="Keltis">
Keltis

Keltis is a board game designed by Reiner Knizia that won the Spiel des Jahres for best game of the year in 2008. In the US, it has been marketed as Lost Cities: The Board Game, though there are some subtle rules differences. 
It is a multi-player board game that is based on the same theme as Knizia's two-player card game Lost Cities. 
Players score points by playing cards, which must be played in ascending or descending order. Each turn, a card is played which advances the player's token along a stone path. Playing only 1 to 3 cards in a color results in negative points for that color. Each card played improves a player's score, and when at least 4 cards of one color have been played, positive points are scored for that path. Each player records progress using tokens. One token is taller, and points it collects are doubled.
Extra points are gained by collecting stones or landing on bonus squares during the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20608506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608506" title="Youssef Rahmeh military base">
Youssef Rahmeh military base

Youssef Rahmeh military base ( "Thouknat Yousif Rahme") is a Lebanese Army base under the jurisdiction of the North regional command (Bahjat Ghanem military base). Founded on May 1, 1980, the military base is the headquarter of the Skiing and Mountain Fighting School, located in the Cedar region near Bsharri.
It comprises a number of 50 bedrooms for the military personnel and one restaurant, in addition to an officers' club for the Lebanese military officers and their families.
Mission.
The mission of the military base includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20608508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608508" title="Stéphane Billette">
Stéphane Billette

Stéphane Billette (born April 21, 1971 in Howick, Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Huntingdon in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Billette obtained a bachelor's degree in business administration. He worked as a general manager at the local development centre (CLD) for the Haut-Saint-Laurent, commissioner for the Beauharnois-Salaberry CLD and an agent for the Beauharnois-Salaberry economic development society. Billette has been heavily informed in the economic development of the southern and western Montérégie region, being a member of other associations related to the economic development. Billette is also running a company.

</doc>
<doc id="20608520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608520" title="Filomena Rotiroti">
Filomena Rotiroti

Filomena Rotiroti (born May 17, 1974) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Jeanne-Mance–Viger in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
"Filomena Rotiroti sera la candidate libérale dans Jeanne-Mance – Viger", "Montréal Express", October 30, 2008. Prior to her election to office, she worked as a chief of staff to her caucus colleague Lise Thériault. She also worked as councilor for the Minister of Economic and Regional Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20608544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608544" title="Kathleen Weil">
Kathleen Weil

Kathleen Weil is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Notre-Dame-de-Grâce in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party and a provincial cabinet minister.
Weil studied at McGill University and received a bachelor's degree in history and political sciences in 1978 and a degree in civil and common law in 1982 before being admitted to the Bar of Quebec in 1983. 
In addition to her law practice, she was heavily involved from 2000 in the health and social services sector, being an administrative member for the Montreal Children's Hospital and the Régie régionale des services de la santé et des services sociaux à Montréal.
She was appointed to the Executive Council of Quebec on December 18, 2008, as Minister of Justice. 
In 2010, with the Charest Liberal government resuffle in Quebec, she was assigned to the portfolios of Immigration and Cultural Communities (www.micc.gouv.qc.ca).

</doc>
<doc id="20608546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608546" title="1992 James Hardie 12 Hour">
1992 James Hardie 12 Hour

The 1992 James Hardie 12 Hour was an endurance race for production cars staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia on 19 April 1992. Cars competed in six classes:

</doc>
<doc id="20608580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608580" title="Black-lyre Leafroller Moth">
Black-lyre Leafroller Moth

The Black-lyre Leafroller Moth ("Cnephasia" jactatana) is a tortrix moth species (family Tortricidae). It is endemic to New Zealand.
It belongs to the subfamily Tortricinae and therein to tribe Cnephasiini. But among these, it is in fact not close enough to the type species of "Cnephasia" – "Cnephasia pasiuana" of Europe – to properly belong in that genus. Alternatively, it has variously been referred to "Batodes" (= "Ditula") or "Paedisca" (= "Epinotia"); if anything it might belong to the latter, presently circumscribed as a large and wide-ranging group of uncertain monophyly. But its actual genus has yet to be determined with certainty.
The species is primarily known as a pest of Kiwifruit ("Actinidia deliciosa"), but the caterpillars feed on various other trees with fleshy fruit, such as "Citrus", hawthorns ("Crataegus"), persimmons and ebonies ("Diospyros"), gum trees ("Eucalyptus"), fuchsias ("Fuchsia") and grapevines ("Vitis"). They primarily feed on the leaves, but can also damage the husk and fruit body.
The eggs are laid on the topside of the leaf. They prefer older leaves.
Synonyms.
Junior synonyms of this species are:

</doc>
<doc id="20608582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608582" title="Francine Charbonneau">
Francine Charbonneau

Francine Charbonneau (born 22 March 1962) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Mille-Îles in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Prior to her election, Charbonneau was the president of the Laval School Board but was first elected to the board as commissioner in 1998 for the Sainte-Rose ward. She was a board member of various Laval associations including the regional development commission, Histoire Laval, the Regional Television and the Club des Petits dejeuners de Laval.
Electoral record.
"Source: Official Results, Le Directeur général des élections du Québec."

</doc>
<doc id="20608599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608599" title="Marc Carrière">
Marc Carrière

Marc Carrière (born 21 September 1964 in Gatineau, Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Chapleau in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party.
Carrière obtained a bachelor's degree from the University of Ottawa. He was a member of the municipality of Val-des-Monts council from 1992 to 1996 and was mayor of the same municipality from 1996 until his election in 2008 in which he won without opposition in 2000 and 2005. He was a prefect for the Les Collines-de-l'Outaouais Regional County. He was also the president of the Conférence régionale des élus de l’Outaouais (CREO) from 2004 to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20608602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608602" title="Candlelight Carol">
Candlelight Carol

"Candlelight Carol" is a Christmas carol with music and lyrics by the English choral composer and conductor John Rutter. The carol was written in 1984, and was first recorded by Rutter's own group, the Cambridge Singers, on their 1987 album "Christmas Night". 
The carol has since been recorded by many artists, including Neil Diamond (on his 1994 album "The Christmas Album, Volume 2"), Joseph McManners (on his 2005 album "In Dreams"), Aled Jones (including a version in Welsh), and several important choirs including the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. It has also become a fairly popular carol for choirs at Christmas concerts in the United Kingdom, the United States and other countries.
"Candlelight Carol" focuses on describing the Nativity of Jesus, focusing on the love of Mary (mother of Jesus) for her son Jesus.
This carol was commissioned by John Romeri, then Director of Music at the Church of the Assumption in Bellevue, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20608603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608603" title="Rajarata University of Sri Lanka">
Rajarata University of Sri Lanka

Rajarata University of Sri Lanka (, , abbreviated RUSL) is a university located in the historic city of Mihintale, near Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka. It was established on 31 January 1996.
History.
In November 1995 the Rajarata University of Sri Lanka (RUSL) was established by the Gazette Notification No: 896/2 of 7 November 1995 in the administrative District of Anuradhapura. The Central Province Affiliated University College (CPAUC) in Polgolla, located 140 km from the main campus at Mihinthale, Anuradhapura was amalgamated to the RUSL as its Faculty of Applied Sciences (FASc). The immediate task of the FASc was to upgrade all the students of the CPAUC who had successfully completed their diploma requirements, to the graduate level. On this task the FASc was inaugurated on 10 January 1997 to commence the third-year degree programme with a batch of 102 students, who graduated in 1998. The first batch of students who were directly sent by the UGC to follow the degree programme was enrolled in November 1997.
After functioning for nearly 10 years at Polgolla, the faculty was established in the main campus at Mihinthale, on 16 January 2006 upon completion of Stage I of the building complex.
Faculties.
The university consists of five faculties, Applied Sciences, Agriculture, Management Studies, Medicine and Allied Sciences,Social Science and Humanities
Faculty of Agriculture (FA) offers.
On the recommendation of the committee on affiliated University colleges (1994) nine Affiliated University collages spread out in various provinces of the country were merged to from two National Universities , the Rajarata and Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka on 1996. The Affiliated University college of the North Western province which consisted of two academic sections namely; Home science and Nutrition and the Agriculture, originally affiliated to the University of kelaniya and peradeniya respectively, were merged to from the Wayamba Campus of the Rajarata University in terms of the provisions of the section 18 and 47(1) of the University act. No 16 of 1978 and campus board ordinance NO: 3 of 1995. 
Two faculties were set up to from the Wayamba Campus namely, the faculty of Agricultural Science and the faculty of Applied Seiences, each with three departments of study.
The Faculty of Agricultural Sciences constituted the Department of plantation Management, Horticultural Sciences and Food Technology and Agricultural Engineering. A three year general degree in Agricultural Science was offered.
Later in 1999, a committee was appointed to made recommendations to upgrade the Wayamba Campus to a fully-fledged university. Based on the recommendations of this committee the Wayamba University was established in August 1999. With that faculty of Agricultural Sciences taken over to the Wayamba University in 1999 and Rajarata University looses its Agriculture Faculty.
In year 2001 a new Agriculture Faculty of the Rajarata University was incepted at Puliyankulama closes to ancient Anuradhapura and about ten kilometers away from Mihintale where administration building complex and other sister faculties were located. It was started at a renovated paddy store complex where faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities was located earlier.
From the beginning there were three departments namely,
A new curricular was designed with the objective of uplifting dry zone agriculture and awarded a B.Sc degree in Agriculture which is a four year special degree.
First batch of 17 students was recruited in 21 April 2001 under the patronage of the first dean of the Faculty of Agriculture at Puliyankulama Prof. S.H. Upasena. From that two comprehensive curriculum revisions were carried out in 2003 and 2006. The total annual intake is 100 students today.
Faculty of Applied Sciences (FASc).
The following degree programs are offered by the FASc.
The FASc, Mihintale consists of two departments: Biological Sciences and Physical Sciences. The Department of Biological Sciences offers courses in the fields of Botany/Zoology/Biology while the Department of Physical Sciences offers courses in the fields of Chemistry, Physics, Pure Mathematics, Applied Mathematics and Computer Science and Information and Communication Technology.
All the courses are offered in English.
Faculty of Management Studies.
Faculty of Management Studies offer first-level and postgraduate degrees. It consist of four departments that offer B.Sc. degrees in 
These degree programmes are conducted in English. The Faculty of Management Studies, Rajarata University is the only faculty that offer B.Sc. Degrees in Tourism & Hospitality Management and Business Information Technology in Sri Lanka.
Postgraduate studies involves postgraduate diplomas, MBA and Msc (Management).
Faculty of Medicine and Allied Sciences (FMAS).
This faculty was started in 2005 as a concept of President Mahinda Rajpaksa. The first dean was Prof. Malkanthi Chandrasekara. Each year nearly 180 students enters the faculty and the first two batches have graduated with flying colors in 2012 and 2013 respectively, obtaining high positions in the common merit list of MBBS graduates in Sri Lanka in these two years. Prof. Malini Udupihiile works as the present dean and during the last few years of its existence there has been a rapid development of infrastructure, most notable of all is the construction of new multi-storied buildings for para-clinical and clinical departments.

</doc>
<doc id="20608608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608608" title="Gérard Deltell">
Gérard Deltell

Gérard Deltell (born August 8, 1964) is a politician in Quebec, Canada. Deltell was the final leader of the Action démocratique du Québec (ADQ) from 2009 to the merger of the party with the Coalition Avenir Quebec (CAQ) in 2012. He is the member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Chauveau. He is the current house leader of the CAQ in the National Assembly.
Background.
Deltell was born and raised in Quebec City. He held party membership in the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in the 1980s.
Deltell's parents are Pied-Noirs born in Algeria.
They immigrated to Canada and settled in Montreal in 1958, although relocated later in the year to Loretteville, near Quebec City. His father, Guy, served in a Moroccan regiment of the French Army of the Second World War and was awarded the French Legion of Honour on October 26, 2011.
Deltell studied social science at Cégep de Sainte-Foy, graduating in 1984. He majored in history at Université Laval and graduated in 1989. He also received training as an announcer at the Collège des annonceurs radio télévision in 1982 and at École de radio et de télévision Promédia in 1993. He received a pilot's license for ultralight aircraft in 2005.
Journalism career.
Before he entered politics, Deltell worked as a TV correspondent with TQS. He also worked for the TVA and Radio-Canada stations in Quebec City, as well as the CIRO-FM radio station as a radio show host. Overall, he worked as a journalist for a total of over 20 years.
Provincial politics.
Deltell ran as the Action démocratique du Québec candidate in the district of Chauveau in the 2008 provincial election. He won the seat with 44% of the vote and succeeded Gilles Taillon, who ran and lost in Chapleau.
On November 19, 2009, Deltell replaced Taillon as leader of the ADQ.
During his tenure as ADQ leader, Deltell was noted as a stabilizing factor inside the party after the 2009 leadership race caused a power vacuum in the party. He improved the fortunes of the ADQ in the polls, bringing them back to 20% in the polls. The ADQ were also polling well in the Quebec City region and other noted Conservative areas.
He ceased being leader of the ADQ upon the dissolution of the party into the new movement established by François Legault, the Coalition Avenir Québec. Deltell served as parliamentary leader of the CAQ caucus until the 2012 Quebec general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20608609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608609" title="Zip and bong">
Zip and bong

Zip and bong (also known as zip bong, zip 'n' bong, or zip zip bong) is a car or party group-dynamic game which requires little skill and no accessories. Surfacing around the turn of the 21st century, it is widespread throughout the United States, with documented practice on the East and West Coasts and in the Midwest and South, largely in college and youth communities.
Rules and play.
Playable by three (and to some extent two) or more players, the game involves the participants (if numerous, then seated in a circle) "passing" the word "zip" to the person on their right with their lips curled in over their teeth. The person to one's right must do the same, and so on. If any participant wishes to change the flow of the passage, he or she must say the word "bong" instead of "zip", reverting the game's direction.
The word "bong" performs one of two functions, depending on how the game is played. The first (and probably more common) function simply uses "bong" to switch the game's direction. The second has "zip" stand for a clockwise flow and "bong" stand for a counterclockwise flow, thus giving both the words "zip" and "bong" the power to revert the flow. In either case, use of the words can result in an effective restricting of the game between two players until one chooses not to revert the flow.
The object of the zip and bong is to stay in play. This is accomplished by never showing one's teeth and by not missing one's turn (which is potentially difficult in small groups who make use of the word reversion).
The game can be difficult because the absurdity of its play easily causes laughter, which can lead to exposure of the teeth.

</doc>
<doc id="20608615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608615" title="Monika Fagerholm">
Monika Fagerholm

Monika Kristina Fagerholm (born 26 February 1961 in Helsinki) is a Swedish-speaking Finnish author living in Ekenäs, Finland. She is the daughter of professor Nils-Erik Fagerholm and library assistant Kristina Herrgård. Fagerholm has studied psychology and literature at the University of Helsinki. In 1987, she received her bachelor's degree in social science. Fagerholm made her debut in 1987 with "Sham" but her real breakthrough in the literary scene was in 1994 with "Underbara kvinnor vid vatten". The book was nominated for the Finlandia Prize, which is the biggest literary prize in Finland. It was also nominated for the August prize in 1995, in Sweden and also the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award in 1998. In 1994, she received the Runeberg Award in Finland. The movie adaptation of the novel by Claes Olsson premiered in 1998. Fagerholm received the August prize in 2005 for "Den amerikanska flickan".
Prizes and Awards.
In addition, "Den amerikanska flickan" was shortlisted for the The Nordic Council Literature Prize 2004 and the Runeberg Award 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20608621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608621" title="Jean-Martin Aussant">
Jean-Martin Aussant

Jean-Martin Aussant () is a Quebec economist, musician and politician. He represented Nicolet-Yamaska in the National Assembly of Quebec from 2008 to 2012, first as a member of the Parti Québécois and then as leader of his own party, Option nationale. He was defeated when he ran for re-election in Nicolet-Bécancour in the 2012 general election.
Early life and career.
Aussant was born in Nicolet, Quebec. He has a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the Université Laval (1993) and a master's degree in Economic Analysis from the Université de Montréal (1995). He started Ph.D. work at the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona in Spain, but left in 1997 to work as a consultant for Barra International, now a unit of MSCI. 
Aussant was a research director and portfolio manager at Addenda Capital from 1999 to 2003 and a vice-president at Morgan Stanley Capital International/Barra in London, Britain from 2003 to 2005. Returning to Quebec in 2005, he was a manager for Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board for two years before starting a private consulting practice. He was also a founding director of the Montreal divisions of both the Global Association of Risk Professionals and the Professional Risk Managers’ International Association.
Legislator.
Parti Québécois member.
Aussant was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 general election, defeating his Liberal opponent by only 141 votes. This was the second closest result in the province. The Liberals won a majority government across the province under Jean Charest's leadership, and the Parti Québécois formed the official opposition. Aussant was appointed as his party's critic for financial institutions and international commerce and became an opposition representative on the legislative committee on public finances. 
He criticized the Charest government's appointment of Michael Sabia as head of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec in May 2009, arguing that Sabia had previously tried to move BCE Inc.'s upper management and operations from Montreal to Toronto and could not be trusted to represent Quebec's interests. The following year, Aussant accused Sabia of having cost Quebecers six billion dollars as the result of a poor risk management strategy.
When Quebec investment advisor Earl Jones was accused of stealing money from his clients in 2009, Aussant called for new legislation requiring financial advisors to register with the province's financial markets authority. He also called for the Charest government to create a parliamentary commission on economic crime. 
In 2010, Aussant argued that Quebec could save about $840 million by removing Revenue Canada from tax collection in Quebec. He later criticized a proposed merger of the London Stock Exchange with the TMX Group, arguing that it would be "a further loss of ground for Quebec." (The TMX Group took over the Montreal Stock Exchange in 2008, through a deal which gave Quebec's Autorité des marchés financiers a say over future changes in the company.)
Aussant was a member of the PQ's hardline "indépendantiste" wing. Before leaving the party, he took part in a video touring series with three other PQ MNAs to promote the benefits of an independent Quebec.
Independent.
On June 7, 2011, Aussant followed caucus-mates Louise Beaudoin, Pierre Curzi, and Lisette Lapointe in resigning from the Parti Québécois caucus. All four legislators criticized PQ leader Pauline Marois for supporting a bill that endorsed a controversial agreement between Quebec City and Quebecor Inc. on the construction of a new arena. Aussant also criticized Marois for downplaying Quebec sovereignty and called on her to resign as party leader.
Aussant sat in the legislature as an independent. He dismissed suggestions that he could join a new political movement led by former PQ minister François Legault, stating that he and Legault were on opposite sides of the sovereignty issue and describing Legault's movement as "populism of the worst kind."
Option nationale.
Following his departure from the PQ, Aussant created his own political party, Option nationale, which officially became registered on October 31, 2011. The party proposes to be more committed to Quebec sovereignty than the Parti Québécois, and would seek an electoral mandate for full-fledged autonomy, before a referendum to adopt the constitution of Quebec as an sovereign nation-state. No Option Nationale candidates elected in the ensuing election; Aussant lost his seat to a Coalition Avenir Québec candidate.
On June 19, 2013, Aussant left his role as chief of the party. He stated "family and personal matters" as the official reason. In August of the same year, he announced that he would be leaving Quebec work to work once again with Morgan Stanley Capital International in Britain. He noted that he had not received job offers from Quebec employers and speculated that his involvement in the Quebec separatist movement may have been the reason.

</doc>
<doc id="20608632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608632" title="Yves-François Blanchet">
Yves-François Blanchet

Yves-François Blanchet (born April 16, 1965) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Drummond in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. In the 2012 election he was re-elected, this time in Johnson electoral district. He is a member of the Parti Québécois and currently the Minister of Sustainable Development, Environment, Wildlife and Parks.
Blanchet is a graduate from the Université de Montréal where he obtained a bachelor's degree in history and anthropology in 1987. He later worked as a teacher and was a founder of an artist, disc and concert management firm, YFB Inc. while being the president of the ADISQ from 2003 to 2006. He was named the local business personality of the year by the Drummondville Chamber of Commerce, while he and associated artists received 10 Félix Awards.
Politically, he was a member of the Youth National Committee of the Parti Québécois in 1988 as well as a regional director of the PQ.
Blanchet defeated the ADQ's Sébastien Schneeberger in the 2008 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20608633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608633" title="Gerald Charles Dickens">
Gerald Charles Dickens

Admiral Sir Gerald Louis Charles Dickens, KCVO, CB, CMG, RN, (13 October 1879 – 19 November 1962) was a senior Royal Navy officer and the grandson of Victorian novelist Charles Dickens.
Early career.
Born in Kensington, London, the son of Sir Henry Fielding Dickens, Dickens joined the naval college HMS "Britannia" at Dartmouth in Devon in 1894 as a Naval Cadet, following preparatory education at Stubbington House School. Dickens served on with the Channel Fleet, 1896–1897, and in the East Indies Station, 1897-1899. He was promoted Sub-Lieutenant in 1899, and in that year he served aboard before transferring to the Royal Naval College, Greenwich where he was based from 1899 to 1900. He went on to serve on and with the Mediterranean Fleet from 1900 to 1901.
World War I and after.
Promoted to Lieutenant on 1 January 1902 and Commander on the outbreak of World War I in 1914, he commanded HMS "Harpy" in the Mediterranean Fleet from 1913 to 1915; seeing action at Gallipoli in 1915. He was appointed Flag Commander to the Commander-in-Chief, Mediterranean Fleet, from 1917 to 1918, and became a Captain in 1919, in which year he was awarded the CMG.
Dickens was appointed to the Directing Staff of the Imperial Defence College from 1926 to 1929, and commanded from 1929 to 1931. He was a Naval aide-de-camp to King George V from 1931 to 1932, and was promoted to Rear Admiral in 1932. He was the Director of Naval Intelligence Division from 1932 to 1935, and was awarded the CB in 1934 and, following his appointment as Admiral Commanding the Reserve Fleet in 1935, he was promoted to Vice Admiral in 1936. Created KCVO in 1937, Dickens was put on the retired list in 1938 and was appointed Admiral (Retired) in 1940.
World War II.
He was recommissioned as a Rear Admiral in 1939 and served in World War II as a Naval Attaché at The Hague in the Netherlands in 1940 during the German invasion. But Dickens's role did not end with the surrender on 14 May. He evacuated to Britain by destroyer, where he was assigned as Principal Liaison Officer, Allied Navies. During this period, his efforts (and those of the Dutch naval attaché in London, Lieutenant Commander A. de Booy) were essential in forging a good working relationship between the Royal Dutch and British Navies. He served as Flag Officer in Tunisia from 1943 to 1944 and as Flag Officer in the Netherlands from September 1944 to 1945, when he retired. In 1945 he was made a Commander in the Legion of Merit (United States) and a Chevalier in the Légion d'honneur (France).
Sir Gerald Dickens died of a heart attack in London aged 83 in 1962 and was buried at sea from off Chatham. He was the father of Captain Peter Dickens RN, the grandfather of actor Gerald Charles Dickens and great-grandfather of actor Harry Lloyd.

</doc>
<doc id="20608643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608643" title="Étienne-Alexis Boucher">
Étienne-Alexis Boucher

Étienne-Alexis Boucher is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Johnson in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Boucher is a graduate from the Université de Montréal where he obtained a bachelor's degree in political sciences and started studies for the master's degree in the same field.
Boucher defeated the ADQ's Éric Charbonneau to gain the seat which was previously held before by his father Claude Boucher (who served from 1994 to 2007) whom he served as his press secretary. He was also a municipal councillor for the municipality of Saint-Denis-de-Brompton as well as a school commissionner for the Saint-Hyacinthe School Board.
Following an electoral redistribution, Boucher ran in the district of Richmond in the 2012 election, but was defeated by Karine Vallières.

</doc>
<doc id="20608645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608645" title="Martin Rieser">
Martin Rieser

Martin Rieser,is Professor of Digital Creativity, in the Institute of Creative Technologies, in De Montfort University, Leicester
Background.
Joint research Professor between the Institute of Creative Technologies and The Faculty of Art and Design at De Montfort University, his track record as a researcher and practitioner in Digital Arts stretches back to the early 1980s. Originally a graduate of English Literature and Philosophy from Bristol University, he subsequently studied Printmaking at Atelier 17 in Paris with Stanley William Hayter and then at Goldsmiths, where he also developed an abiding interest in Photography. From such an already hybrid background he moved into Computer Arts, establishing the first postgraduate course in the discipline in London in 1982.
Research.
His art practice in internet art and interactive narrative installations has been seen around the world including Milia in Cannes; Paris; The ICA London and in Germany, Montreal, Nagoya in Japan and Melbourne, Australia.
He has delivered papers on interactive narrative and exhibited at many major conferences in the field including Inter-Society for the Electronic Arts: Montreal 1995, Rotterdam 1996, Chicago 1997, Nagoya 2002, University of Oslo 2004, Siggraph, 2005, Banff Arts Centre 2005, Digital Matchmakers Trondheim 2005 Plan ICA 2005, NAI Rotterdam 2008, Intelligent Environments Seattle 2008, Locunet, University of Athens 2008, and at many other conference venues across the UK and Europe.
Installations and visual research.
His interactive installations include "Understanding Echo" shown in Japan 2002, "Hosts" Bath Abbey 2006 [http://www.martinrieser.com/Hosts.htm and "Secret Door" Invideo Milan 2006, "The Street" RMIT Gallery Melbourne 2008. He is currently developing mobile artworks for Manchester and Vienna, and public installations for the new DMC in Leicester.
In 1988, he exhibited at the First International Society of Electronic Artists (FISEA) conference held in Utrecht. In 1990, created an interactive exhibition utilising giant digital panels and interactive sound installations with an accompanying multimedia program on the theme of the Electronic Forest. This was one of the first such installations of its type and prototyped the connection of such exhibitions to the internet. In 1990 he began experimenting with permanent digital ceramic printing for Public Art. 
In 1992, he also directed the "Media Myth and Mania" section of the joint Watershed/Artec exhibition and CD publication "From Silver to Silicon". The latter piece has been shown at many venues around the world including Milia in Cannes; Paris; ICA and the Photographer’s Gallery, London and at ISEA Montreal. Other visual research projects included the direction of a 1995 collaboration involving five other artists (collectively known as "Ship of Fools") using the subject of mythologies to explore the full range of narrative and visual interfaces in interactive media in a piece called Labyrinth. This work involved drama, digital image, virtual environments, and interactive video at F-Stop Gallery in Bath and as part of the Cheltenham Literary Festival. It has been previewed at a number of venues including the Oberhausen Short Film festival in Germany and at ISEA in Montreal. His 2002 research project T"riple Echo" won an AHRB award and involves a three screen interactive video depicting a love triangle based on the Orpheus legends. "Understanding Echo", 2002 was funded by the DA2[http://www.da2.org.uk/da2.htm]. An interactive video drama, it was shown at the Cheltenham literary festival, Watershed Bristol and at ISEA2002 in Nagoya Japan.
He took AHRB research leave in 2004-5 creating a new, large–scale locative work for Bath Abbey called "Hosts" which uses mobile and positional technologies combined with interactive sound and video. In 2006 he was commissioned by Electric Pavilion to create Starshed, [http://www.electricpavilion.org/content/roots/starshed/index.html] an interactive map of the uncanny for mobile and webmedia. Also in 2006 he exhibited "Secret Room" at Arthotel for Invideo Festival Milan. Current research includes Vienna Underground a locative media commission for the emobilArt European workshop and "Riverains" for the b.Tween Festival in Manchester. He is developing two further works for the new Digital Media Centre in Leicester: "Secret Garden", a virtual reality opera co-authored with Andrew Hugill and "The Street", an interactive video wall, featured in autumn 2008 Melbourne in HEAT: The Art of Climate Change
Residencies/commissions.
Watershed/Cambridge Darkroom residency which involved constructing a self-curating web site and multimedia piece called "Screening the Virus", based around publicly submitted artwork on HIV/Aids related themes. This was later short listed for a Wellcome Trust Sci-Art award. He had an Honorary Research Fellow Residency at La Trobe University Melbourne which led to his exhibiting The Street in "HEAT: The Art of Climate Change", an RMIT Melbourne International Exhibition Commission in 2008. Other recent commissions include "Riverains", a b.Tween Festival Locative commission for Exploding Narrative and the 2008 Watershed Pervasive Media commission
He has published numerous essays and books on digital art including "New Screen Media: Cinema/ Art/Narrative" (BFI/ZKM, 2002), which combines a DVD of current research and practice in this area together with critical essays. And has recently edited The Mobile Audience, a book on locative technology and art due out this year from Rodopi, also logged in a blog: [http://www.mobileaudience.blogspot.com]
He has also acted as consultant to bodies such as Cardiff Bay Arts Trust and the Photographer’s Gallery London, Arkive in Bristol, The Soros Media Institute in Prague and UIAH in Helsinki.
Curation.
He has experience of curation and judging through number of other international exhibitions in electronic art, including "The Electronic Eye" European Digital Art at Watershed 1986, the first International survey exhibition of Digital Printmaking: "The Electronic Print", Arnolfini in Bristol 1989. Arcade 2- 1997, Arcade 3 2000, He helped to make a successful lottery bid to fund a national digital arts initiative Imag@nation subsequently transformed into DA2: an arts initiative promoting digital art practice nationally, and internationally.
Publications.
Conference proceedings

</doc>
<doc id="20608651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608651" title="Night of Silence">
Night of Silence

Night of Silence is a Christmas carol and Roman Catholic Advent hymn, written in 1981 by American composer, Daniel Kantor, and then published in 1984 by GIA Publications. The carol is a quodlibet, the term used for a partner song that can be sung simultaneously with another song. ("Night of Silence" can be sung simultaneously with the Christmas carol "Silent Night"). It has been recorded by Marty Haugen, David Haas, Yvonne Kenny, Chris Squire, St. Olaf College, Cantus, and many other choirs and singers worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20608652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608652" title="Bertrand St-Arnaud">
Bertrand St-Arnaud

Bertrand St-Arnaud (born 13 September 1958) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Chambly in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
St-Arnaud first obtained a license degree in law from the Université de Montréal and later added a master's degree in political sciences from the Université Laval. He also made studies in Europe with a degree from the University of Lund in Sweden. 
He practised law from 1987 to 2000 and in 2005. He was also the press secretary for the Cabinet of the Premier of Quebec in 1985 and would work for the intergovernmental affairs department as well as for the Library of the National Assembly of Quebec and the Cabinet director for the Minister of International Relations from 2000 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20608660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608660" title="Marie Bouillé">
Marie Bouillé

Marie Bouillé is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Iberville in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Bouille is a graduate from the Université Laval and the Université de Montréal. She obtained a bachelor's degree in geography from Montreal University in 1979 and later obtained a master's degree in hydrology at Laval in 1983. She also made studies at the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières in project management in 1984.
Between 1994 and 1996, she was a juridical councilor for the cabinet of the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food and also worked for the government's Family Secretary in 1993. Between 1997 and 2006 she was the general manager for the Potato Producer Foundation (part of the Union des producteurs agricoles) and was also the director for women agriculture workers of the UPA in the late 1980s.
Prior to her political career, she was a member of several PQ sub-committees and commissions between 2000 and 2005. Prior to her election in 2008, she was also the candidate in Iberville in the 2007 elections but lost to the ADQ's André Riedl whom Bouille defeated in 2008 while he Riedl was a member of the Quebec Liberal Party following a cross-over just before the election.

</doc>
<doc id="20608669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608669" title="Nathaniel J. Jackson">
Nathaniel J. Jackson

Nathaniel James Jackson (July 28, 1818 – April 21, 1892) was an American machinist and soldier. He served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War, in which he was wounded three times. After the war Jackson operated a mine.
Early life and career.
Nathaniel J. Jackson was born in the coastal town of Newburyport located in Essex County, Massachusetts. When he was young he was taught "the machinist's trade" and by 1861 he was superintendent of the Hill mill in Lewiston, Maine. Jackson also was active in the Maine State Militia, and would command some of those militiamen early in the American Civil War during his first two commands.
Civil War service.
In 1861 Jackson chose to follow the Union cause. He was appointed commander of the 1st Maine Infantry Regiment on May 3, with the rank of colonel. The 1st Maine did not participate in the opening campaigns of the Civil War, and the 90-day regiment as well as Jackson were mustered out of the volunteer service in early August. 
Jackson re-entered the Union Army on September 3, 1861, as colonel of the 5th Maine Infantry. This regiment enlisted for 3 years service, and Jackson's appointment to command it was not popular. His assignment was announced on September 9, "which led to a near mutiny in the regiment. Several officers resigned and General Henry W. Slocum had to act swiftly to prevent further mutinous acts by the members of the 5th Maine." Jackson and the 5th then participated in the 1862 Peninsula Campaign. He fought during the Battle of Gaines' Mill on June 27, where Jackson was wounded in his right elbow. His regiment lost 10 killed, 69 wounded, and another 16 men missing in the battle.
Upon recovering, Jackson participated in the 1862 Maryland Campaign. He fought at the Battle of Crampton's Gap on September 14, and was present Battle of Antietam three days later. On September 19 Jackson was wounded in his knee in fighting again at Crampton's Gap. On September 23 at his camp near Williamsport, Maryland, Jackson submitted his official report concerning the battle on September 14, saying:
Jackson was promoted to brigadier general on September 24, 1862, and given brigade command in the XII Corps of the Army of the Potomac that October. His brigade and the XII Corps was stationed at Harper's Ferry during the Battle of Fredericksburg in December. Jackson was seriously wounded on April 17, 1863, in Spotsylvania County, Virginia, when his horse slipped and Jackson fractured his right thigh. The injury prevented him from participated in the Battle of Chancellorsville that May and was out of action until the fall. 
When Jackson was fit enough for light duty, he was given command of the Draft Depot in New York Harbor located on Rikers Island, and then on Hart's Island, posts he held for over a year. On November 11, 1864, Jackson was ordered to the Western Theater and given temporary command of a division of XX Corps in the Army of Georgia. He led it during Sherman's March to the Sea in November and December 1864, in which Jackson was wounded when he was shot just above his right ankle. In 1865 he continued to lead his division in the Carolinas Campaign until April 2, fighting at the Battle of Bentonville. Jackson was brevetted to the rank of major general in the Union Army on March 15, due to his conduct at Battle of Gaines' Mill nearly three years prior.
Postbellum.
Jackson was mustered out of the volunteer service on August 24, 1865, and returned to civilian life. By 1870 he had left Lewiston, Maine, and also worked as a coal mine operator after the war. Jackson died in the spring of 1892 in Jamestown, New York, at the home of one of his sons. His body was returned to Massachusetts and buried there in Newburyport. It was noted that neither of the local newspapers in Jamestown or Buffalo, the nearest major city, reported on Jackson's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20608672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608672" title="Aaron Gilmore">
Aaron Gilmore

Aaron Gilmore (born 26 August 1973) is a New Zealand politician and member of the New Zealand National Party. He was a list MP from the 2008 election until the 2011 election and again from February to May 2013.
Early years.
Gilmore was born in Christchurch to shopkeeper parents and attended Parkview Primary School, in the Christchurch suburb of Parklands. He attended Shirley Boys' High School, before attending the University of Canterbury where he gained a Masters of Commerce in Economics in 1995.
Gilmore began his career working as an analyst with the Ministry of Transport in Wellington in 1995. The following year he began working at the Department of Treasury at the Crown Companies Monitoring Advisory Unit as an advisor on state owned enterprise privatisation. In 1997 Gilmore worked on secondment to SOE Minister Tony Ryall, where he advised on the sale of state owned enterprises.
Gilmore left the public service in 1999 to join Ernst and Young, where he worked on international projects advising utility companies. In 2001 he joined Cameron and Partners in a similar role. In 2004 Gilmore returned to Ernst and Young in Christchurch as a senior manager. In 2005 Gilmore progressed to General Cable, where he worked as Corporate Development Manager until selection as a National Party candidate.
Member of Parliament.
Gilmore was selected by the National Party Christchurch East local electorate as its candidate in the safe Labour seat of Christchurch East at the end of 2007. In August 2008 the National Party announced that he would be placed at number 56 on the National Party list. Gilmore came second in the electorate race, losing to the incumbent, Lianne Dalziel, by 5,765 votes, but achieved a record for National in the area of over 12,000 party and personal votes.
Gilmore's curriculum vitae posted on the Parliament web page until 2010 listed him as a member of the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Institute, a position he never had but which he had sat a number of the exams and had indeed passed level 1 of 3 and had been a provisional member. He attributed the error to the Parliamentary Service, but a spokesman said "biographical information about MPs published on its website was supplied by them and approved by them as correct". The same online CV by Parliamentary Services also reported that Gilmore was married when he had not been and a number of other inaccuracies.
In the , he again contested Christchurch East and was 53rd on the party list. He again placed second in the electorate behind Dalziel, and on election night results was set to be returned to parliament via the list, the last-placed candidate to be returned. However, with the counting of special votes and the release of official results, National lost a seat to the Green Party so Gilmore was not returned. By coincidence, Mojo Mathers, who also contested Christchurch East and was placed third behind Gilmore, was returned, due to her place on the Green Party list. In 2013, being the first placed candidate on the National Party list not returned, he returned to Parliament to replace Lockwood Smith, who had been appointed as High Commissioner of New Zealand to the United Kingdom.
In May 2013 Gilmore was again in the media, this time for allegedly calling a hotel waiter a 'dickhead', after consuming more than a bottle and a half of wine at the Heritage Hanmer Springs. He is also alleged to have handed over his business card and make a comment along the lines of, "Don't you know who I am? I'm an important politician!". It was also claimed by Riches he said he'd get Prime Minister John Key's office to have the waiter fired.
More than a week after the incident, Gilmore apologised, saying 'If there was a dickhead, it was me'. However he denied having threatened to have the Prime Minister's office sack the waiter.
Emails emerged in May 2013 from his time as a contractor to the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE) in November 2012, just prior to his return to Parliament in 2013. The emails contained comments to a Treasury Manager during a professional argument in which Gilmore said, after noting he may be returning to Parliament as a government member, "I am sure this sort of thing will come back to haunt you if you want your career to reach its full potential." The emails were described as "inappropriate" by the Ministry and the Ministry said that his contract, which was renewed twice previously for good performance was coming to a natural end. TV3 had asked Gilmore specifically, in a previously broadcast segment, whether there had been any complaints about his time at MBIE, and Gilmore had replied on camera that there was nothing that had been brought to his attention. The CEO of MBIE subsequently provided an apology to Gilmore for misinterpreting the comments made by him to the media.
Gilmore announced his resignation from Parliament on 12 May 2013 and gave his valedictory speech two days later. His membership of Parliament ceased on 27 May, and his committee memberships (Maori Affairs, and Local Government and Environment) a day later. He was replaced by Claudette Hauiti.

</doc>
<doc id="20608692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608692" title="Émilien Pelletier">
Émilien Pelletier

Émilien Pelletier (born September 13, 1945) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Saint-Hyacinthe in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Pelletier attended several schools in several different fields. He attended the Collège Notre-Dame-des-Champs, in Sully from 1958 to 1963 in sciences and letters. He then followed several courses related to electricity and electronics at Université de Montréal, the Institut in Technology in Rimouski and the CEGEP Édouard-Montpetit. Pelletier then followed courses at CEGEP de Saint-Hyacinthe in computer sciences, human work behavior and retiring training. Pelletier worked for Hydro-Québec for over 30 years as a technician and drawer. He also briefly worked as a teacher at the Richelieu-Yamaska school board at an adult institution.
In politics, he was elected to the municipal council of Saint-Hyacinthe in 2000 and re-elected in 2002 (without opposition) and 2005. Pelletier is a long-time member of the Parti Québécois since 1970 and was a member of former Premier René Lévesque's Sovereignty Association Movement in 1968. He is also a long-time member of the Knights of Columbus, the Bloc Québécois and the Société Saint-Jean-Baptiste.

</doc>
<doc id="20608708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608708" title="IBM Scalable Architecture for Financial Reporting">
IBM Scalable Architecture for Financial Reporting

IBM's Scalable Architecture for Financial Reporting (SAFR) is an enterprise reporting system that relies on an IBM mainframe as its core, high performance engine. It is a data warehousing ETL tool with either a CICS-based traditional 3270 or Web graphical user interface.
SAFR can access multiple types of mainframe-based data, including DB2. For example, it can read sequential files based on the input format specified, then look up certain fields in a VSAM file or in another sequential file. SAFR can produce output in yet another format with some additional calculations, as required. The entire process is called a VIEW, and any number of VIEWs can be defined. SAFR also commonly processes data from other platforms that are fed into its engine.
IBM markets and sells SAFR through its IBM Global Services division, typically with customer-specific services. The product solves unique business intelligence problems for extremely large operational databases, especially in insurance and financial industries. It traces its roots to a technology called GenevaERS, created by PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting as part of their practice. (IBM acquired PwC Consulting in 2002.) SAFR is also popular among SAP users, including manufacturing companies, with large databases and significant reporting needs. (Despite its name, SAFR is not confined to financial industry roles.)
SAFR uses a "single pass" I/O approach and takes advantage of the IBM mainframe's extreme parallelism to create multiple reports concurrently. The software is extremely CPU-efficient, with an internal capability to execute report queries using generated, high performance System z assembler code. Most SAFR users run reports daily, overnight, during a batch window, but jobs can run at any time, including concurrently and without disruption to online workloads. SAFR is able to exploit zIIPs.

</doc>
<doc id="20608714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608714" title="Dave Turcotte">
Dave Turcotte

Dave Turcotte (born May 21, 1983 in Longueuil, Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Saint-Jean in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Turcotte graduated from the Université de Montréal with a bachelor's degree in communications and politics and is owner of a communications agency. He was also an assistant to Saint-Jean MP Claude Bachand of the Bloc Québécois. 
Turcotte defeated Lucille Méthé of the ADQ in the 2008 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20608716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608716" title="Turki bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud">
Turki bin Talal bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud

Turki bin Talal (, is a member of the House of Saud.
Early life and education.
He is Prince Talal's fourth son. His mother is Moudie bint Abdul Mohsen Alangary Al Tamimi.
Turki bin Talal holds a bachelor degree in Political science. He was graduated from the Royal Military Academy in Sandhurst and from the Army Aviation Academy (U.S.A).
Current positions.
Prince Turki was a colonel pilot at the Army Aviation (Royal Saudi Land Forces). He is personal representative for Talal bin Abdulaziz. He is also chairman of the Mentor Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20608720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608720" title="Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art">
Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art

Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art (SMoCA) is the state of Arizona's only permanent museum dedicated solely to modern works of art, design and architecture. The museum is located in the Old Town district of downtown Scottsdale, Arizona.
The museum has five main galleries and an outdoor sculpture garden, showcasing works from both its growing permanent collection, as well as major traveling exhibitions. SMoCA hosts a large collection of special events and educational programs on a regular basis.
History.
SMoCA was founded in 1999. The now-evocative, minimalist building is a complete retrofit of a previous corporate movie theater that once existed at the site just off the Scottsdale Civic Center Mall, and adjacent to the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts. It was designed by famed Phoenix-based architect Will Bruder.

</doc>
<doc id="20608724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608724" title="David E. Goldman">
David E. Goldman

David E. Goldman (1910 - 1998) was a scientist famous for the Goldman equation which he derived for his doctorate degree at Columbia University.
In the 1950s, while employed by the United States Navy, he was part of the CHABA (Committee on hearing and bioacoustics) team, which looked at the human effects of high-intensity noise. He became an early proponent of protection against loud noise and vibration.
See also.
Long-term exposure to environmental noise

</doc>
<doc id="20608729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608729" title="Guy Leclair">
Guy Leclair

Guy Leclair (born 9 May 1968 in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who owas elected on December 8, 2008 to represent the riding of Beauharnois in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois. 
Leclair worked in the Canadian Armed Forces as a marine mechanic in Halifax, Nova Scotia from 1986 to 1989. He obtained a college degree at the Institute Teccart in 1998 and worked as an instrumental and control technician from 1989 to 2008. He has also been owner of two businesses, including one writing promotional articles for musical groups.
Leclair was involved in sports being previously a soccer referee from 1984 to 1986, and from 1997 to 2004 a certified hockey coach for minor hockey in Valleyfield. In 2008, Leclair was elected as a municipal councillor in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield.
Leclair succeeded Serge Deslières as Beauharnois MNA following his win in the 2008 election.
Since election, he has served on the "Committee on Planning and the Public Domain" and the "Committee on Labour and the Economy". Since August 2010, he has been the official opposition critic for labour.

</doc>
<doc id="20608741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608741" title="Passage Through Time">
Passage Through Time

Passage Through Time is the debut album of Canadian hip hop production team Da Grassroots, released November 9, 1999 in the United States. It was released independently on Conception Records. The album features MCs from Toronto's underground hip hop scene. "Price of Livin'", "Thematics", and "Body Language" are singles from the album.
Reception.
The album received high critical acclaim. Amazon.com gave the album a favorable review, calling the group "Masters of understated musical eloquence," also stating "This is what good music sounds like." Allmusic gave it 4 out of 5 stars, stating "All in all, this album is a great example of the talent north of the border that has often been overlooked by the mass media channels."
Track listing.
† These songs do not appear on the album and are not credited in the liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20608743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608743" title="Once Upon a Christmas Song">
Once Upon a Christmas Song

"Once Upon a Christmas Song" was the second single by fictional character Geraldine McQueen from "Britain's Got the Pop Factor...", a mock talent contest/comedy by British comedian Peter Kay who also plays Geraldine. The CD was released on 15 December 2008, with the download available a day earlier.
It was a charity single with proceeds going to the NSPCC.
The song was co-written by Gary Barlow and Peter Kay.
Video.
The video for "Once Upon A Christmas Song" features Geraldine on a float singing to the public. It ends with her lighting up a street with Christmas decorations. Also, Jackie and Wendy from 2 Up 2 Down feature. Reporter Lucy Meacock, from North West regional news programme "Granada Reports/Granada Tonight", makes a speaking cameo as herself.
Track listing.
For the CD release of Once Upon A Christmas Song, tracks featured are;

</doc>
<doc id="20608746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608746" title="Jeppesen Gymnasium">
Jeppesen Gymnasium

Jeppesen Gymnasium, also known as Jeppesen Fieldhouse, was a multi-purpose sports facility on the campus of the University of Houston in Houston, Texas. The facility was the first home to the Houston Cougars men's basketball team, and later home to the Cougars women's volleyball team. Located next to Robertson Stadium, the facility was demolished in 1996 to make room for renovations of Robertson Stadium such as the current scoreboard.
Planning and construction.
Prior to the construction of Robertson Stadium, the University of Houston campus had been built nearby in 1939. In the summer of 1941, construction began on Jeppesen Gymnasium as part of a joint project between the Works Progress Administration and the Houston Independent School District. It was constructed simultaneously with nearby Robertson Stadium.
Architecture and features.
Designed by Harry D. Payne using an art deco design style, Jeppesen Gymnasium's structure consisted of two stories and a basement. It was built of reinforced concrete and steel with masonry walls. Buttresses, columns, and steel trusses supported a sound-absorbing roof. On the south end of the structure were four entrances to a lobby that led to the basketball court itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20608752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608752" title="François Rebello">
François Rebello

François Rebello (born November 25, 1970) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of La Prairie in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election, after an unsuccessful run in 2007. He was elected as a member of the Parti Québécois, but is now part of the Coalition Avenir Québec.
Rebello was born in Montreal. He is a graduate of the Université de Montréal with a bachelor's degree in political sciences, a master's degree in economic sciences. He was from 1994 to 1996 the president of the Quebec Federation of University Students. He also founded the group Force-Jeunesse whose goal is to defend youth issues and causes. From 2000, Rebello worked as an economist and founded Groupe investissement responsable inc. and was a contributor to the monthly magazine Commerce. In 2005, he became the vice-president and later president of the political commission of the PQ.
On January 9, 2012, he announced he was joining the Coalition Avenir Québec, citing his admiration for its leader, François Legault. He had stated his loyalty to the Parti Québécois' chief, Pauline Marois, a couple of weeks prior to his defection. He was the CAQ's fifth member of the National Assembly and the third to be a former member of the Parti Québécois. In the 2012 provincial election, Rebello ran for the CAQ in the new electoral district of Sanguinet, but was defeated by Alain Therrien of the Parti Québécois.

</doc>
<doc id="20608757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608757" title="Arne Dahl">
Arne Dahl

Arne Dahl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20608785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608785" title="Gary McDonald (Australian footballer)">
Gary McDonald (Australian footballer)

Gary McDonald (born 3 March 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
McDonald started his football career in Western Australia where he played for Swans Districts. He represented his state at interstate football in 1975 and in 1978 made his debut for St Kilda. The club struggled during the three years he was at the club and he experienced victory just once in 14 games. McDonald kicked bags of three goals in successive weeks midway through the 1979 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20608795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608795" title="Black Rock Lock">
Black Rock Lock

The Black Rock Lock located in Buffalo, New York is in length and in wide. There is only one chamber and the total weight of the gate is 480 tons. The lock has been a part of Black Rock since the state of New York built the Erie Canal in 1833.
Black Rock Channel.
Navigating the Channel.
The Black Rock Channel extends from Buffalo Harbor to the Black Rock Lock. The channels waterway is three and a half miles in length. The Black Rock Channel was constructed to provide protection to reefs, rapids and fast currents in the upstream Niagara River. Pleasure crafts and commercial vessels can only be long with drafts to to be allowed in the lock and channel. Although both pleasure craft and commercial vessels are allowed in the channel it is required that the pleasure crafts yield the right of way to all commercial vessels.
There are three bridges that cross the channel. They are the Peace Bridge, the Ferry Street Bridge and the International Railroad Bridge. The Peace Bridge is the first bridge that is passed coming from the south entrance of the channel. The Peace Bridge has a clearance of above Low Water Datum (LWD). The Ferry Bridge is a lift bridge and is the next bridge located from the south entrance of the channel. The Ferry Bridge has a clearance of 17.3 above the LWD. Then for the south channel entrance comes the International Railroad Bridge. This is a swing bridge which has a clearance of LWD when closed.
Black Rock Lock History.
The lock was constructed by the Corps of Engineers from 1908-1913 as part of the Erie Canal. It has been that facility to house large Great Lakes vessels that have carried essential goods to business and industry in Western New York. The lock went through its first rehabilitation in 1975. From 1984-1986 the locks guard gates and the operating system were rehabilitated. Since the 90’s many things have been done to provide a safer work environment, such as the installation of new fencing, railing and ladders. Other things like the refurbishing of the lock houses, and the widening and capping of all concrete approach walls have been done as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20608799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608799" title="Carole Poirier">
Carole Poirier

Carole Poirier (born 2 October 1958) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the Hochelaga-Maisonneuve district in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Parti Québécois (PQ).
Poirier is a graduate from the Université du Québec à Montréal with certificates in administration, municipal services management and public services administration. She also obtained a master's degree in public administration from the École nationale d'administration publique.
From 1997 to 2006, she was the cabinet director for the Minister of employment and social solidarity (1997–1998), the Minister of Municipal Affairs and Metropolitan (1998–2002), the President of the National Assembly of Quebec (2002–2003) and the leader of the official opposition (2005–2006). She was also the treasurer and political organizer for the PQ's Hochelaga-Maisonneuve office.

</doc>
<doc id="20608805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608805" title="Martin Kelly">
Martin Kelly

Martin Ronald Kelly (born 27 April 1990) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team.
Career.
Liverpool.
Born in Whiston, Merseyside and raised in Newton-le-Willows by his parents where he attended St Mary's Primary and then St Aelred's Catholic Technology College, Kelly has been at Liverpool since the age of seven and came through Academy ranks.
2007–08.
Kelly was promoted to Melwood from the club's academy in the summer of 2007. In an interview for Liverpool's official website he spoke about his delight at making the step up despite missing roughly two years of football for the youth team due to back problems. Kelly broke into Gary Ablett's title winning reserves team during 2007–08. He scored the second goal in Liverpool's 3–0 win over UANL Tigres in the Dallas Cup 2008 final on 23 March 2008.
2008–09.
Ahead of the 2008–09 season he received a first team squad number. He earned his first call up to the senior team in November 2008 when he was an unused substitute in Liverpool's Champions League group stage match against Marseille. Not long after, he made his debut as a substitute for Jamie Carragher in the same competition against PSV Eindhoven on 9 December 2008.
Loan to Huddersfield Town.
On 26 March 2009, as the loan transfer window closed, Kelly joined Football League One side Huddersfield Town on loan until the end of the season. He made his debut for the Terriers as a left-back in the 2–1 win over Bristol Rovers at the Memorial Stadium on 31 March 2009, and received praise for his composed performance. On 18 April, he scored his first goal in professional football, scoring the winner in Huddersfield's 3–2 win over Walsall at the Bescot Stadium.
2009–10.
Rafael Benítez suggested that the departure of Sami Hyypiä from Liverpool could open a window for Kelly into the first team, with his progress expected to be monitored closely in pre-season. Kelly made his first competitive start for Liverpool as a right back against Olympique Lyon in the UEFA Champions League on 20 October 2009, in which he walked off injured in the 74th minute. He was named man of the match by Liverpool's official website after a highly impressive performance. Kelly was also called "a small sensation" by Norwegian magazine "Kopite". He then became sidelined with a groin injury. Kelly completed his comeback from injury on 25 February 2010, coming on as a substitute against FC Unirea Urziceni in the Europa League. He then made his Premier League debut replacing Glen Johnson in the 4–1 win over Portsmouth at Anfield.
2010–11.
Kelly started in Liverpool's UEFA Europa League qualifiers against Rabotnicki Skopje, the play-offs against Trabzonspor, and Liverpool's opening two group games, defeating Steaua București and drawing with FC Utrecht. On 22 September, he played in the shock League Cup third round exit to Northampton Town, Liverpool losing 4–2 on penalties after a 2–2 draw. On 21 October, he played the full 90 minutes in the Reds' 0–0 UEFA Europa League draw against Napoli. Kelly made his first Premiership start of the season as an emergency replacement for Sotirios Kyrgiakos on 7 November against Chelsea in a match which Liverpool won 2–0. He started Liverpool's 1–1 Premier League draw with Wigan Athletic on 10 November. He also started and played the full 90 minutes in the Reds' 1–1 UEFA Europa League draw with Steaua București on 2 December. The next day, he signed a three-year contract extension which will keep him at the club until 30 June 2014. On 15 December, he played the return Europa League group game against FC Utrecht, ending in a 0–0 draw. The result meant Liverpool qualified top of Group K. On 9 January 2011, he started in Liverpool's FA Cup third round tie away to Manchester United with Liverpool manager Kenny Dalglish praising his performance afterwards saying; "He was as good as anyone on the pitch today". This performance led to him being named Man of the Match by Liverpool voters.
He subsequently started against Blackpool on 12 January 2011 and in the Merseyside Derby on 16 January, forcing Liverpool's first choice Glen Johnson to play left back. He won the Liverpoolfc.tv journalist's Man of the Match Award for his performance against Everton. Jamie Carragher complemented his talents by saying "I was in the stand against Everton and when he made that run past Leighton Baines, I thought it was Thierry Henry against me all those years ago. It was turbo charged." Kelly started the next game against Stoke City where Liverpool won 2–0, again he gave a solid performance making him the first choice right back. He played the full match in both fixtures as Liverpool completed their double over Chelsea with a 1–0 win at Stamford Bridge on 6 February. His performance was praised by former Liverpool midfielder Ray Houghton, who stated that Kelly was one of the key players in the win over Chelsea at The Bridge. However, he suffered a hamstring injury in the 3–1 defeat to West Ham United. On 8 March 2011, Kelly won the Liverpool February player of the month award. On 21 March, it was announced on the official Liverpool website that Kelly was back in full training and would be back in action for April. Unfortunately for Kelly he played no further part in the 2010–11 season. Although he spent the remainder of the 2010–11 season on the sidelines, he slowly came back to full match fitness during the Asia tour friendly against Malaysia and China, and also the training in Singapore.
2011–12.
On 20 August, Kelly played for the whole match away to Arsenal and helped Liverpool keep a clean sheet in a 2–0 victory. He nearly scored in the second half, as his shot from 15 yards hit the outside of the post. England manager, Fabio Capello, was present at the match and applauded his performance. On 27 August 2011, Kelly limped off the field due to hamstring strain in the match against Bolton Wanderers.
However he made a quick recovery from the hamstring strain as it wasn't as serious as first feared On 21 September 2011, he was back in the lineup and played 86 minutes against Brighton & Hove Albion. Later in the week, on 24 September 2011, he played the whole match against Wolverhampton Wanderers. Kelly continued his fine form against Manchester United in a 1–1 draw at Anfield on 15 October 2011. On 29 November he scored a header against Chelsea as Liverpool won 2–0 at Stamford Bridge, sending them through to the semi-finals of the League Cup.
2012-13.
He made his first appearance of the season in the UEFA Europa League, coming on as a half-time substitute for Glen Johnson in a 1-0 win away to FC Gomel on 2 August. He started the first league game of the season against West Brom, starting the game at right back while regular right back Glen Johnson moved to left back. On 23 September, he ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament against Manchester United and was ruled out of action for approximately six months.
2013-14.
On the 25th of September, Martin Kelly made his first competitive appearance, after a year since his ALC injury against Manchester United, in the 3rd round of Capital one cup against Manchester United themselves in a 1-0 win for the hosts. The England right back came on for Lucas Leiva in the midway of the second half. Brendan Rodgers insisted that the latter will get his chance fully as current first-choice right-back, Glen Johnson is currently out for 1 month. [http://www.liverpoolfc.com/news/latest-news/145766-reds-suffer-cup-exit-on-suarez-s-return]
International career.
England Under-19.
Kelly was called up in early 2009 for the England U-19 squad that played Spain U-19s on 10 February. Kelly went on to make 5 appearances for the Under-19s with his last coming in a 2–1 win over Scotland U-19s on 1 June 2009.
England Under-20's.
In August 2009, Kelly was called up to the England U-20 squad for the match against Serbia and made his debut in the 5–0 victory. He subsequently played all three matches for the side in the Under-20 World Cup finals in Egypt that year.
Kelly made his debut for the England Under-20 team in a 5–0 win over Montenegro U-20s in a pre 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup friendly. He also played at the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Egypt as England finished bottom of Group D. Kelly has made 4 appearances for the Under-20 side.
England Under-21.
On 5 August 2010, Kelly received his first call-up to the England Under-21 squad, along with Aston Villa's Marc Albrighton and future club team mate Jordan Henderson. On 10 August 2010 he made his debut, coming on as a substitute and scoring England's second goal as they beat Uzbekistan at Ashton Gate. He scored again for England as they beat Iceland 5–0 on 11 November 2011. He scored his third under-21 goal in only his fifth appearance on 14 November away to Belgium.
Senior team.
On 22 May 2012, Kelly received his first call-up to the senior England squad, to face Norway on 26 May 2012 during an international friendly. He made his debut coming on as a substitute in the 87th minute, replacing Phil Jones as right back.
Euro 2012.
On 3 June 2012, he was called up to the UEFA Euro 2012 squad to replace Gary Cahill, who had fractured his jaw during a 1–0 friendly win against Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="20608814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608814" title="André Villeneuve">
André Villeneuve

André Villeneuve is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Berthier in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Villeneuve attended the CEGEP de Maisonneuve and followed courses in humanities, police courses, American history and contemporary international problems as well as course in administration at CEGEP L'Assomption. From 1980 to 1989 he would work in the fields of sales, home improvement, renovation and landscaping before becoming a business chief for a concrete firm after 1989. 
In municipal and regional politics, Villeneuve was elected the mayor of Lanoraie was also a prefect for the D'Autray Regional County Municipality. He was also a member of executif concil for the Conseil régional de transport de Lanaudière and Conférence régionale des élus de Lanaudière.
Villeneuve defeated the ADQ's Francois Benjamin in the 2008 provincial elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20608823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608823" title="Véronique Hivon">
Véronique Hivon

Véronique Hivon is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Joliette in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. She is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Hivon was first graduate of McGill University with a degree in common law after brief studies at the University of Ottawa in political sciences. She also had a master's degree in planning and analysis of social politics from the London School of Economics and Political Science. 
She worked as a researcher and law intern in 1994 but started to work as a lawyer starting in 2002 though she was admitted to the Quebec Bar in 1996. She also worked as a press secretary and Assistant Director to the Cabinet of the Minister of Justice and was also an assistant director at McGill's Law Faculty. 
Hivon was first candidate for the PQ in 2007 but lost to then-Health Minister Philippe Couillard in the riding of Jean-Talon. Hivon defeated the ADQ's Pascal Beaupré in Joliette in 2008.
Hivon was re-elected in Joliette in 2012. The Premiere Pauline Marois named her Minister of Social Services and Youth Protection. Hivon is also Minister of the Lanaudière region and is Minister responsible of the commission "Die in Dignity", a commission about euthanasia and assisted suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="20608824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608824" title="Scout (association football)">
Scout (association football)

A football scout attends football matches on the behalf of clubs to collect intelligence. Primarily, there are two types of scouts: player scouts and tactical scouts.
Player scouts or talent scouts evaluate the talent of footballers with a view to signing them on a professional contract for their employers. Some scouts focus on discovering promising young players and future stars, others are employed to run the rule on potential signings. While smaller clubs might only scout within their own country or region, larger, richer clubs can have extensive international scouting networks.
Tactical scouts assess the matches of upcoming opponents of the club and prepare dossiers for their teams' tactical preparations. Instead of identifying talent in these matches, the scout assesses the team and each individual player to identify the relative tactical threats and weaknesses in the opposition. Tactical scouts are typically full-time employees of clubs as their knowledge and findings are considered precious to clubs. 
However, relatively few football scouts are employed full-time, even in the largest professional clubs. By and large, their numbers are made up by talent scouts, the vast majority of which work part-time, and a club may hire several hundred - it has been reported, for example, that the Spanish Primera Liga team Sevilla FC has a global scouting network of about 700 player scouts. 
Not all scouts are actually employed by football clubs. For example, the makers of the Football Manager computer game have their own international network of scouts, and in 2008 signed an exclusive deal with Premier League side Everton to provide early access to their database of statistics and ratings.
Finding players.
A player scout typically attends as many football games as possible to evaluate targets first hand. Scouts who wish to identify promising young players typically attend lower-league club games, where their talent can be compared to older peers, or under-16, 18 and 21 international tournaments. Scouts may also receive tips from agents, peers and club colleagues.
Evaluating players.
On the first evaluation, player scouts determine whether a player has the desired technical attributes to succeed at the sport. They then highlight this player to the club management. Some of the desired attributes that scouts look in players include:
Once a player has been recommended to a club, the club may continue to monitor his progress over a period from as little as a few months to as many as a few seasons. Scouts continue to evaluate whether a player has turned in consistent performances, if he has retained his appetite for team responsibilities, and so on. 
When the club is satisfied that a player fits the requirements of the club, the club may extend the invitation to the player to attend a trial at the club, where scouts and coaching staff evaluate the player's suitability for the club in terms of his personality and training attitude. Clubs also tend to perform background checks on the player. A trial at the club allows the club to evaluate the standard of the player against players already on its roster. However, in the top leagues, players are typically not allowed to leave training to undertake trials unless they are already out of contract and need to prove their fitness and ability to any clubs interested. Smaller clubs in need of the cash for transfers may also be more amenable to allowing their players to leave on trials.
Once the player has passed these evaluations, the club then starts negotiations with a view to a transfer, either a permanent transfer, a loan, or co-ownership (as is common in the Italian leagues).
Tactical scouting.
Tactical scouts watch the games of a club's upcoming opponents to assess their overall ability, as well as their specific threats and weaknesses. Almost every major club side in the world, including Chelsea FC, is known to employ the extensive services of tactical scouts. From these assessments, tactical scouts compile dossiers with recommendations to club coaches and players on their actions on-field. 
In major clubs, it is typical for scouts to assemble specific reports and DVDs on specific opponent players. These DVDs and reports are watched, read and reviewed by players a few days before the game. Nearer towards the game, it is typical for coaches to convene meetings to summarise the findings of these reports and the approach recommended to the players.
More specifically, tactical scouts:
Importance of scouting.
With the modernisation and globalisation of football and the football club economy, scouting has grown in stature and importance. Competition to search for young talents is extremely keen. Although it is difficult to quantify the prevalence of scouting in modern football, circumstantial evidence of its magnitude is readily available. The former Chelsea FC chief scout Gwyn Williams is reported to have used a database containing up to 77,000 players while working there. It has also been reported that home games of the French second division club Tours FC are attended by an average of 15 to 20 scouts per game. 
The importance of scouting offers football clubs with several distinct advantages:

</doc>
<doc id="20608834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608834" title="Guillaume Tremblay">
Guillaume Tremblay

Guillaume Tremblay (born April 14, 1984 in Mascouche, Quebec) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Masson in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Tremblay attended the Cégep régional de Lanaudière in Terrebonne and obtained a degree in administration. He was also elected as an independent city councilor in Mascouche in 2005 and served as the director of a local electronic store in Lachenaie.
Tremblay defeated Ginette Grandmont of the ADQ in the 2008 elections. He did not run for re-election in the 2012 provincial election. 
He has announced his intention to run for mayor of Mascouche in the 2013 municipal election.

</doc>
<doc id="20608841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608841" title="Riebeek West">
Riebeek West

Riebeek West () is a small town situated 5 km from Riebeek Kasteel and about 75 km north-east of Cape Town in the Swartland area of the Western Cape, South Africa. 
Village some 50 km north-north-west of Paarl and 61 km south-south-west of Piketberg. It was established as a parish of the Dutch Reformed Church in 1858 and named after Riebeek-Kasteel, at the foot of which it is situated. It was the birthplace of General Jan Christiaan Smuts, former Prime Minister of South Africa. The form Riebeek-Wes is preferred for official purposes.
The Riebeek Valley is known for its wheat, wines and more recently olives. The area of Riebeek West was first seen by Cape Dutch scouts in the late 17th century. The first settlers arrived in the area in the early 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20608845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608845" title="Seán McCarthy (Cork politician)">
Seán McCarthy (Cork politician)

Seán McCarthy (died 14 March 1974) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A teacher by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork South–East constituency at the 1944 general election but lost his seat at the 1948 general election. He was re-elected for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1951 general election and held his seat until he retired from national politics at the 1965 general election. McCarthy also served as Lord Mayor of Cork on four occasions, from 1949–1951, 1958–59, 1963–64 and 1966–67.

</doc>
<doc id="20608846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608846" title="Mathieu Traversy">
Mathieu Traversy

Mathieu Traversy is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Terrebonne in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Traversy attended the Cégep régional de Lanaudière in Terrebonne and later the Université du Québec à Montréal in political science. He previously worked in the department of recreation for the city of Terrebonne.
Traversy defeated Jean-François Therrien of the ADQ in the 2008 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20608855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608855" title="Daniel Ratthé">
Daniel Ratthé

Daniel Ratthé (born 8 June 1956) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Blainville in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is an Independent MNA and a former member of the CAQ as well as a former member of the Parti Québécois.
From 1976 to 1984, Ratthé worked for various positions at several radio stations in Laval including CFGL-FM (now Rhytme FM) and CIMO-FM. He later worked for six years for Sony Canada as the sales representative for Eastern Canada in the Media and Recording department and from 1990 to 1997 as the regional director of sales. Since 1997, he was the national director of sales and business development for CEDROM-SNi Inc. 
Ratthé was also a municipal councilor for the City of Blainville and obtained a college degree in humanities in 1997 at College Montmorency in Laval.
Ratthé defeated former Blainville mayor Pierre Gingras in the 2008 elections for the MNA seat of Blainville. In 2011 he left the PQ, and later that year on 19 December he joined the CAQ.

</doc>
<doc id="20608875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608875" title="John E. Lewis">
John E. Lewis

John E. Lewis (born 25 July 1949) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Lewis, who played at Claremont before and after his VFL stint, broke into the Hawthorn side late in the 1970 season. A full-back, he appeared in their last three games of the year and then returned to Claremont. In 1975 he represented Western Australia at interstate football.

</doc>
<doc id="20608891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608891" title="HMS Cochrane">
HMS Cochrane

Two ships and a shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Cochrane", after Admiral Thomas Cochrane, 10th Earl of Dundonald:

</doc>
<doc id="20608922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608922" title="Thomas Roach (Canadian politician)">
Thomas Roach (Canadian politician)

Thomas Roach (1769–1833) was an Irish-born merchant, farmer and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1799 to 1826.
He was born in Cork, was originally educated there for the priesthood and came to Nova Scotia with his father around 1790, settling at Fort Lawrence. He was a prominent member of the Methodist Church in that area; his house was used as a church. Roach was married four times: to Ruth Dixon in 1793, the widow Sarah Allen, Mary Dixon and Charlotte Wells.

</doc>
<doc id="20608923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608923" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1923–1926">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1923–1926

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1923 to 1926. Half of its members were elected at the 13 December 1919 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1920 and finishing on 30 June 1926; the other half were elected at the 16 December 1922 election and had terms starting on 1 July 1923 and finishing on 30 June 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20608924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608924" title="Jan Arnald">
Jan Arnald

Jan Arnald (born 11 January 1963) is a Swedish novelist and literary critic, who uses the pen name Arne Dahl when writing crime fiction. He is also a regular writer in Swedish newspaper "Dagens Nyheter".
He published "Barbarer" (2001) and "Maria och Artur" (2006) under his own name, but under his pen name he has written a series of crime novels about a fictional group of Swedish crime investigators, called "A Gruppen" in Swedish and "the Intercrime Group" in the first English translation. The books are translated into several languages. The first five books were made into 180-minute films, screened as two 90-minute episodes per story. The first, "Misterioso", was screened on SVT1 in Sweden on 27 and 28 December 2011, with the following four stories shown in eight weekly instalments between October and December 2012. The series was picked up by BBC Four and screened on British television on Saturday nights as part of BBC Four's foreign crime series season starting in April 2013.
Works written.
As Arne Dahl.
"Opcop" quartet.
The fourth installment of the series is planned for spring 2014.
"Arne Dahl" TV adaptations.
A 2011 TV adaptation of five of the "Arne Dahl" stories was produced by Filmlance International (in co-production with: Sveriges Television, ZDF German Television Network, ZDF Enterprises GmbH, Filmregion Stockholm-Mälardalen, Nordisk Film Production). Outside Sweden, the series was broadcast in Germany between November–December 2012, and in the UK on BBC Four between April–June 2013 along with numerous other countries. The series is currently being broadcast in the United States through MHz Networks, most recently from November 2013 to January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20608936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608936" title="Michel Philibert Genod">
Michel Philibert Genod

Michel Philibert Genod (1795, Lyon - 1862) was a French painter of the Troubador style.

</doc>
<doc id="20608944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608944" title="Charles Epstein">
Charles Epstein

Charles Epstein is Professor of Mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia.
Research interests.
Epstein is an analyst and applied mathematician.
His interests include microlocal analysis and index theory; boundary value problems; NMR and medical imaging; and mathematical biology.
Education and work.
Charles Epstein was an undergraduate in mathematics at MIT and graduate student at the Courant Institute, NYU, where he received his PhD. He did a postdoc with William Thurston before moving to the University of Pennsylvania, where he has been since. He is currently Thomas A. Scott Professor of Mathematics and graduate chair of Applied Mathematics and Computational Science.
Personal life.
Epstein is married and has two children.
Prize.
Charles Epstein received the K. O. Friedrichs Prize of the Courant Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20608957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608957" title="Government of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (2005–09)">
Government of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (2005–09)

The cabinet headed by Mahmoud Ahmedinejad from 2005 to 2009 included the following members:

</doc>
<doc id="20608960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608960" title="Jonathan Fryer">
Jonathan Fryer

Jonathan Fryer (born 5 June 1950) is a British writer, broadcaster, lecturer and Liberal Democrat politician. 
He was the LibDem candidate for the constituency of Poplar and Limehouse in the 2010 general election. As Chairman of the London Liberal Democrats, he has supervised the HQ's move to Brixton, and streamlined its operation.
Early life.
Fryer was born in Manchester on 5 June 1950, under the name Graham Leslie Morton. Following the divorce of his natural mother, he was adopted as an infant by a local businessman and his wife, who later spent much of their time in South Africa. He has one natural sister and one adopted one.
Education.
After private primary education in Eccles, Fryer obtained a place at Manchester Grammar School, which he hated. He spent the summer of 1967 in Tours, at the Institut Tourain, perfecting his French. He left school before the end of his final year (having acquired ‘A’ levels in English Literature, French and Geography) and travelled overland to Vietnam, where he reported on the war for the Manchester Evening News and the Geographical Magazine. His overland journey back to England in September 1969 gave him his first introduction to the Middle East, which has remained an abiding interest.
Fryer had won an Open Exhibition award to St Edmund Hall, Oxford, where he started to read Geography, before switching to Oriental Studies (Chinese with Japanese). He returned to the Far East for a year in 1971-1972, studying part-time at the University of Hong Kong and in Tokyo.
As a mature student, he has been working on an MSc in Development and Environmental Education.
Career.
Fryer joined Reuters news agency as a graduate trainee after university, serving for just over a year in London and Brussels. On receiving his first book contract (for "The Great Wall of China") he went freelance, but kept Brussels as his base for seven years, travelling widely in Europe, Africa and the Middle East. He returned to England in 1981, settling in London, largely to develop his political interests. As a freelance writer on international affairs, he has worked mainly for the BBC (Radio 4 and World Service), but has also contributed to the "Guardian, Independent, Economist, Spectator, Oldie, Tablet, Society Today" and "Liberal", amongst others. 
For a decade, he regularly appeared on the "Today Programme"’s ‘Thought for the Day’, as a Quaker (having joined the Religious Society of Friends after his experiences in Vietnam), but in recent years has become better known for his despatches in "From Our Own Correspondent". He has travelled to 160 countries, reporting, researching or making radio documentaries.
Since 1993, Fryer has taught part-time at London University’s School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), currently Humanities, and more recently began teaching at City University (Writing Non-Fiction). He lectures frequently on cruise ships, notably around the Mediterranean and the Red Sea, as well as to groups and associations in the UK. Through the British Council and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, he has given seminars on democracy-building and the media in locations such as Egypt, Ethiopia and Uruguay. He is a Consultant with Public Affairs International (London).
Politics.
Fryer joined the Young Liberals after Jo Grimond came to his school during the 1964 general election. He was successively Vice-Chairman of the North West Young Liberal Federation and Secretary of the Oxford University Liberal Club. He was elected a London borough councillor (in Bromley) 1986-1990, and fought three general elections: Chelsea 1983, Orpington 1987 and Leyton 1992. His main political focus has always been the European Parliament, for which he stood in 1979, 1984 and 1994 (London South East), 1999 and 2004 (London), coming within 0.6 per cent of winning a seat on the last occasion. He was the No. 2 candidate on the LibDem London list for the European parliamentary elections (June 2009).
He has held a wide variety of positions within the Liberal Democrats and predecessor parties, including chairing policy panels on international development (currently Chairman of the Liberal International British Group), a member of the LibDems’ international relations committee, an elected member of the governing Council of the European Liberal Democrats (ELDR) and is on the party’s Interim Peers’ List. As Chairman of the Liberal International British Group, he is automatically a Vice-President of Liberal International worldwide.
He is the LibDem Prospective parliamentary candidate for his home constituency of Poplar and Limehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20608965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608965" title="Gilles Robert">
Gilles Robert

Gilles Robert (born March 5, 1955 in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec) is a politician and teacher in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Prévost in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois.
Robert first obtained a bachelor's degree from the Université de Montréal in history in 1977 and later added a certificate in educational sciences from the Université du Québec à Montréal in 1995. 
During his 30-year professional career, Robert worked as a teacher from 1977 to 1978, from 1993 to 2007 mostly in history and politics at Académie Lafontaine. He was also a project coordinator and responsible for communications at Académie Lafontaine and was a journalist for 15 years at "L'Écho du Nord".

</doc>
<doc id="20608966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608966" title="Jerusalem Theater">
Jerusalem Theater

The Jerusalem Theater () is a center for the performing arts in Jerusalem, Israel. The theater opened in 1971. The complex consists of the Sherover Theatre, which seats 950, the Henry Crown Symphony Hall (home of the Jerusalem Symphony Orchestra) with 750 seats, the Rebecca Crown Auditorium, with 450 seats, and the Little Theater with 110 seats. Changing art exhibits are held in the main foyer and other spaces in the building, and a restaurant and bookshop operate on the ground floor.
History.
In 1958, the Jerusalem Municipality, headed by Mordechai Ish Shalom, held a design competition for a municipal theater on a plot of 11 dunams (2.8 acres), on the southern edge of the Talbiya neighborhood. Architects Michael Nadler, Shulamit Nadler and Shmuel Bixson won first prize. The municipality also received a large donation from the Jewish millionaire Miles Sherover, who made his fortune in Venezuela. 
The cornerstone laying took place in October 1964. Despite plans to complete the building within two years, work progressed slowly due to disputes and budgetary problems. Critics claimed that the city had more pressing problems and predicted that the theater would be a "white elephant." The building was dedicated in October 1971.
American millionaire Lester Crown, who had donated $9 million for a new sports stadium, in the Shuafat area that was never built, was persuaded by Jerusalem mayor Teddy Kollek to change the designation of the donation from sports to arts and culture. The money was used to build the Henry Crown Concert Hall, which seats 750, and the Rebecca Crown Auditorium, which seats 450. The planning and design of the new wing was carried out by the same architectural firm, so that the new wing, named for Crown's parents, was a natural continuation of the original design.
Architecture.
The theater combines sculptural elements of exposed concrete with traditional Jerusalem stone construction. It sits in a large public square that is used for outdoor concerts and other events.

</doc>
<doc id="20608974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608974" title="Sol (mythology)">
Sol (mythology)

Sol was the solar deity in Ancient Roman religion. It was long thought that Rome actually had two different, consecutive sun gods. The first, Sol Indiges, was thought to have been unimportant, disappearing altogether at an early period. Only in the late Roman Empire, scholars argued, did solar cult re-appear with the arrival in Rome of the Syrian Sol Invictus, perhaps under the influence of the Mithraic mysteries. 
Etymology.
The Latin "sol" for "Sun" is the continuation of the PIE heteroclitic "*Seh2ul- / *Sh2-en-", cognate to Germanic Sol, Sanskrit Surya, Greek Helios, Lithuanian Saulė. Also compare Latin "solis" to Etruscan "usil". Today, "sol" is still the main word for sun in Romance languages. "Sol" is used in contemporary English by astronomers and many science fiction authors as the proper name of the Sun to distinguish it from other stars which may have their own planetary systems.
Sol in the Roman Republic.
According to Roman sources, the worship of Sol was introduced by Titus Tatius. In Virgil he is the grandfather of Latinus, the son of Sol's daughter Circe who lived not far from Rome at Monte Circeo. A shrine to Sol stood on the banks of the Numicius, near many important shrines of early Latin religion. In Rome Sol had an "old" temple in the Circus Maximus according to Tacitus (AD 56 – 117), and this temple remained important in the first three centuries AD. There was also an old shrine for Sol on the Quirinal, where an annual sacrifice was offered to Sol Indiges on August 9th. The Roman ritual calendars or fasti also mention a feast for Sol Indiges on December 11th, and a sacrifice for Sol and Luna on August 28th.
"Sol Indiges" ("the native sun" or "the invoked sun" — the etymology and meaning of the word "indiges" is disputed) represents the earlier, more agrarian form in which the Roman god Sol was worshipped. As the cult evolved the epithet "indiges" fell into disuse (see Sol Invictus, see also Di indigetes).
Identification with Janus.
Various Roman philosophers speculated on the nature of the sun, without arriving at any consensus. A typical example is Nigidius, a scholar of the first century BC. His works have not survived, but writing five centuries later, Macrobius reports that Nigidius argued that Sol was to be identified with Janus and that he had a counterpart, Jana, who was Moon. As such, they were to be regarded as the highest of the gods, receiving their sacrifices before all the others. Such views appear to have been restricted to an erudite elite — no ancient source aside from Macrobius mentions the equation of Sol with Janus — and had no impact on the well-attested cult of Sol as independent deity. 
Sol Invictus.
"Sol Invictus" ("Unconquered Sun") was long thought to have been a Greek state-supported sun god introduced from Asia Minor by the emperor Aurelian in 274 and overshadowing other Eastern cults in importance, until the abolition of Classical Roman religion under Theodosius I. However the evidence for this is meager at best, and the notion that Aurelian introduced a new cult of the sun ignores the abundant evidence on coins, in images, in inscriptions, and in other sources for a strong presence of the sun god in Greece throughout the imperial period. Tertullian (died AD 220) writes that the Circus Maximus was dedicated primarily to Sol. During the reign of Aurelian, a new college of pontiffs for Sol was established.
There is some debate over the significance of the date December 21 for the cult of Sol. According to a single, late source, the Romans held a festival on December 21 of "Dies Natalis Invicti", "the birthday of the unconquered one." Most scholars assume Sol Invictus was meant, although our source for this festival does not state so explicitly. December 25 was commonly indicated as the date of the winter solstice, with the first detectable lengthening of daylight hours. 
There were also festivals on other days in December, including the 11th (mentioned above), as well as August. Gordon points out that none of these other festivals are linked to astronomical events. When the festival on December 25th was instituted is not clear, which makes it hard to assess what impact (if any) it had on the establishment of Christmas.
The official status of the cult of Sol after Aurelian was significant, but there is no evidence that it was the supreme cult of the state. Hoey exaggerates the importance of an inscription from Salsovia that supposedy indicates an official empire-wide cult-prescription for Sol on December 19th. It actually simply states that at the command of the emperor Licinius the commanding officer of the detachment at Salsovia was to burn incense annually for a newly erected statue of Sol on November 18 (Hoey misread the date). This simply means that Licinius accepted the erection of the statue in his honour.
Throughout the fourth century the cult of Sol continued to be maintained by high-ranking pontiffs, including the renowned Vettius Agorius Praetextatus.

</doc>
<doc id="20608978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608978" title="René Gauvreau">
René Gauvreau

René Gauvreau is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who was elected to represent the riding of Groulx in the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2008 provincial election. He is a member of the Parti Québécois, but sat as an independent for nine months until rejoining the PQ caucus in April 2012.
Gauvreau is a graduate of the Université de Montréal, where he obtained a law degree in 1987, and practiced law until his election in 2008. Gauvreau also worked as a member of several non-profit organizations and foundations mostly in the lower Laurentides region.
Gauvreau defeated the ADQ's Linda Lapointe in the Groulx riding in the 2008 elections as the PQ swept most of the Northern Montreal suburbs (north of Laval).

</doc>
<doc id="20608989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608989" title="Benoit Charette">
Benoit Charette

Benoit Charette is a Quebec politician elected in the 2008 provincial election for Deux-Montagnes. He was a member of the Parti Québécois, but left the party on June 21, 2011 to protest the party's focus on sovereignty. On December 19, 2011 he joined the Coalition Avenir Québec.
A graduate of Université du Québec à Montréal with a bachelor's degree in history, he also studied municipal development at the École nationale d'administration publique. He worked as program manager at the Ministry of International Relations. He was also responsible for the documentation center at the Quebec General Delegation Délégation générale du Québec in Mexico.
Charette defeated the ADQ's Lucie Leblanc in Deux-Montagnes in the 2008 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20608992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608992" title="Arthéna">
Arthéna

Arthéna is a French "Association pour la diffusion de l'histoire de l'art" which regularly publishes art history books and most particularly catalogues.
List of publications.
By date of publication

</doc>
<doc id="20608999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20608999" title="Ctenomorphodes">
Ctenomorphodes

Ctenomorphodes is an invalid genus of stick insects. There are four species in the genus, all found in Australia. 
This genus is a synonym of the genus "Anchiale".

</doc>
<doc id="20609008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609008" title="Daniel Bernard (politician)">
Daniel Bernard (politician)

Daniel Bernard (born is a Canadian politician, who served as Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Rouyn-Noranda–Témiscamingue from 2003 to 2007. He was re-elected in the same district in 2008. He is a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. He did not run for re-election in 2012.
Bernard is an alumnus of the Université Laval and the Université du Québec à Montréal. At Laval, he obtained a bachelor's degree in sciences and geology in 1982 and a master's degree in structural geology in 1987. At the UQAM he received an MBA in 2000.
Bernard worked as a project engineer for the SOQUEM from 1992 to 1994, at Barrick Gold from 1994 to 1997 and Inmet Mines from 1997 to 1999. From 1999 to his election in 2003 he held managing duties at Pershimco Mining, the Quebec Mining Exploitation Association and 3E Consultant Firm in Rouyn-Noranda as well as Globex Mining Company between his two terms in 2007-08.
Bernard was briefly the Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20609011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609011" title="Viking Flagship">
Viking Flagship

Viking Flagship (1987–2000) was an Irish racehorse who began his racing career in October 1989 as 2 year old. He was first trained by his breeder Eithne C Holdsworth in Co. Kilkenny and then by Martin Pipe He had 18 starts in Ireland with these two trainers, all in Ireland, but was unable to win any of them.
Season 1990-1991.
In December 1990, his trainer then sent him over hurdles and on his hurdling debut Viking Flagship fell at Wolverhampton, He did however improve on that on his next start where he finished head 2nd Newton Abbot, before going on to complete a four timer in Novice Hurdles between February and April 1991. After this, he changed yards and joined new trainer, W M Halley, for whom he had his first start at Punchestown in April 1991, where he finished 6th. That proved to be his only start under the trainer, as he changed yards again in the summer, joining David Nicholson.
Season 1991-1992.
He began the season finishing down the field in a Handicap Hurlde at Newton Abbot and followed that up with 4th placed finished in his next 2 starts. After winning a Taunton Handicap on his next start, Viking Flagship went on to contest some valuable handicaps for the remainder of the season. He performed with credit, finishing placed in the Imperial Cup, County Handicap Hurdle and the Cordon Bleu Handicap at Aintree on his final start of the season.
Season 1992-1993.
Viking Flagship embarked on a novice chasing campaign and did not reappear until February 1993, where he fell on his first start over fences at the beginning of February. However, he bounced straight back from that and went on to complete an impressive hat-trick over fences between the 8th and 25 February. He followed that up with 2 wins within 3 days at the Punchestown Festival.
Season 1993-1994.
He began with two second-place finishes in Handicaps, before he won the Victor Chandler Chase in January and the Game Spirit Chase in February. That was followed with a neck victory in the prestigious Queen Mother Champion Chase. On his final start that season, Viking Flagship finished an 11-length second to Uncle Ernie in the Martell Aintree Chase.
Season 1994-1995.
He made his seasonal debut in the Tingle Creek Chase, where he was an impressive 3-1/2-length winner, before winning the Castleford Chase later that month. He then disappointed in his next three starts, finishing 5th in the Victor Chandler Chase, falling in the Game Spirit Chase and finishing 2nd in the Emblem Chase at Kempton, where he only failed by a length when giving away a stone in weight. He then went back to Cheltenham, where he was sent off the 5/2 favourote for the Queen Mother Champion Chase and justified that with 5 length victory over Deep Sensation. He ended the season on another high note at Aintree, where he won the Melling Chase at the same price.
Season 1995-1996.
He was very poor on his seasonal debut where he finished a distant 4th in the Tingle Creek Chase. After finishing a 15 length third in the John Bull Chase in his next start, Viking Flagship went on to win the Game Spirit Chase at Newbury and the Emblem Chase at Kempton. He returned to Cheltenham for his next start, where he finished 2nd in the Queen Mother Champion Chase, before winning the Melling Chase again.
Season 1996-1997.
The season only brought one success for Viking Flagship in the Emblem Chase, but he ran well to be placed in both the Queen Mother Champion Chase and the Melling Chase.
Season 1997-1998.
The season proved to be the final season of his racing career. He began in style when he beat Mulligan by 5 lengths in the Haldon Gold Cup. He then went back to Sandown for the Tingle Creek Chase, where he went down by just a head to Ask Tom. After winning the Castleford Chase again, Viking Flagship went on to finish 3rd and 5th respectively in the Game Spirit Chase and the Queen Mother Champion Chase.
Viking Flagship died in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20609021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609021" title="THL">
THL

THL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20609038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609038" title="Welsh-language literature">
Welsh-language literature

Welsh-language literature has been produced continuously since the emergence of Welsh as a distinct language around the fifth century. Its fortunes have fluctuated over the centuries, in line with those of the language itself. 
Middle Ages.
The core tradition was praise poetry and the poet Taliesin was regarded as the first in the line. The other aspect of the tradition was the professionalism of the poets and their reliance on patronage – from kings, princes and nobles in their turn – for their living. The fall of the principality of Gwynedd and the loss of any form of Welsh independence in 1282 did prove a crisis in the tradition but a crisis which was overcome. It led to the innovation – the development of the cywydd meter, a more loose definition of praise, and a reliance on the nobility for patronage.
The professionalism of the poetic tradition was sustained by a Guild of poets, or Order of bards, with its own 'rule book'. This 'rule book' emphasised their professionalism and that the making of poetry as a craft. Under its rules it took an apprenticeship of nine years for a poet to become fully qualified. The rules also set out the payment a poet could expect for his work – these payments varied according to how long a poet had been in training and also the demand for poetry at particular times during the year.
But kings, princes and nobles not only had their court poet, they also had their storyteller (Welsh: "cyfarwydd"). Like poets, the storytellers were also professionals; but, unlike the poets, little of their work has survived. What has survived are literary creations based on native Welsh tales which would have been told by the storytellers. These tales are usually known as the Mabinogion.
Welsh prose in the Middle Ages was not confined to the story tradition; it included a large body of both religious and practical works, in addition to a large amount translated from other languages.
Sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
The 16th century and 17th century in Wales, as in the rest of Europe, were a period of great change. Politically, socially, and economically the foundations of modern Wales were laid at this time. In the Laws in Wales Acts 1535-1542 Wales was annexed and integrated fully into the English kingdom, losing any vestiges of political or legal independence. The political-religious settlement of Elizabeth I through the 1559 Act of Uniformity made Wales in name a Protestant country only to be reinforced by developments during and after the English Civil War. This period also saw the beginnings of industries such as coal mining, metal-mining for lead and iron smelting, which led to the mass industrialisation of the following centuries.
End of the guild of poets system.
From the middle of the 16th century onwards a decline is seen in the praise tradition of the poets of the Nobility, the "cywyddwyr". It became more and more difficult for poets to make their living from the craft of poetry. This happened primarily for social reasons beyond their control. The Dissolution of the Monasteries, that had become important sources of patronages for the poets, and the Anglicisation of the nobility during the period of the Tudors, exemplified by the Laws in Wales Acts, meant that there were fewer and fewer patrons willing or able to support the poets. But there were also internal reasons for the decline: the conservatism of the Guild of poets, or, Order of bards, made it very difficult for it to adapt to the new world of renaissance learning and the growth of printing.
However, the Welsh poetic tradition of the traditional meters and cynghanedd did not disappear completely, although it did lose it professionalism, and came into the hands of 'ordinary' poets who kept it alive through centuries. Cynghanedd and traditional meters are still used today by very many Welsh-language poets.
Renaissance learning.
Without a university of its own, without other learning institutions, without even a court and courtiers of its own, Wales was not in a very good position to participate fully in the revolution in ideas and scholarship, which is usually termed the Renaissance. Wales did not really have any towns of great significance at this time which could have acted as centres for the type of society where such ideas and movements flourish. But the renaissance did hit Wales in no uncertain terms, and that due to the commitment of certain individuals, both Protestant and Catholic, in ensuring that the Welsh language would be part of this new movement.
First printed Welsh book.
In 1546 the first book to be printed in Welsh was published, "Yn y llyvyr hwnn" (=In this book…) by Sir John Price of Brecon. John Price (ca.1502-55) was an aristocrat and an important civil servant. He served as Secretary of the Council of Wales and the Marches and he was also one of the officers responsible for administrating the Dissolution of the Monasteries in the area. He was also a scholar who embraced the latest ideas relating to religion and learning: reform and humanism. It is also known that he was a collector of manuscripts on various subjects, including the history and literature of Wales.
Other humanists and scholars.
Shortly afterwards the works of William Salesbury began to appear. Salesbury was an ardent Protestant and coupled his learning with the new religious ideas from the continent; he translated the New Testament into Welsh and authored an English-Welsh dictionary among other works. On the other hand, Gruffudd Robert was an ardent Catholic, but in the same spirit of learning published an important Welsh grammar while in enforced exile in Milan in 1567. A huge step forward for both the Welsh language and its literature was the publication, in 1588, of a full-scale translation of the Bible by William Morgan.
Other works.
Most of the works published in the Welsh language for at least the next century were religious in nature. Morgan Llwyd, a Puritan, wrote in both English and Welsh, recounting his spiritual experiences. Other notable writers of the period included Vavasor Powell.
During this period, poetry also began to take a religious turn, in terms of subject matter. William Pugh was a Royalist and a Catholic. By now, women as well as men were writing, but little of their work can be identified. Katherine Philips of Cardigan Priory, although English by birth, lived in Wales for most of her life, and was at the centre of a literary coterie comprising both genders.
Beginnings of Welsh writing in English.
The seeds of Anglo-Welsh literature can also be detected, particularly in the work of Henry Vaughan and his contemporary, George Herbert, both Royalists.
Eighteenth century.
In the 18th century the trend in favour of religious literature continued and grew even stronger as Nonconformism began to take hold of Wales. The Welsh Methodist revival, initially led by Howell Harris and Daniel Rowland, produced not only sermons and religious tracts, but also hymns and poetry by William Williams Pantycelyn, Ann Griffiths and others. The Morris brothers of Anglesey were leading figures in the establishment of the London Welsh societies, and their letters to one another are an important record of the time. The activities of the London Welshmen helped ensure that Wales retained some kind of profile within Britain as a whole.
The activities of a number of individuals, including Thomas Jones of Corwen and the Glamorgan stonemason and man of letters, Iolo Morganwg, led to the revival of the National Eisteddfod of Wales and the invention of many of the traditions which surround it today. Although Iolo is sometimes called a charlatan because so many of his discoveries were based on pure myth, he was also an inveterate collector of old manuscripts and thereby did perform a service without which Welsh literature would have been the poorer. Some of the Welsh gentry continued to patronise bards, but this practice was gradually dying out.
Nineteenth century.
Largely as a result of the Industrial Revolution, there was a large influx of people into the South Wales Valleys during the 19th century. Although many of them were English, some made an effort to learn the Welsh language in order to integrate themselves with the local communities, and there was increased demand for literature in the form of books, periodicals, newspapers, poetry, ballads and sermons. Some of the more wealthy incomers, such as Lady Charlotte Guest, Lady Llanover and others, were of active assistance in the trend towards a richer cultural life. Thanks partly to the eisteddfod network, writing became a popular pastime, and all forms of poetry thrived.
Poets now used their bardic names to disguise their identity in competitions, and continued to use them when they became well known. The most celebrated poets of the century were: Evan Evans (Ieuan Glan Geirionydd), John Blackwell, William Thomas and John Ceiriog Hughes, who went by the bardic names of "Ieuan Glan Geirionydd", "Alun", "Islwyn" and "Ceiriog" respectively. 
The novel had been slow to pick up momentum in Wales. Translations of works such as "Uncle Tom's Cabin" existed, but the first recognised novelist in the Welsh language was Daniel Owen, author of "Rhys Lewis" (1885) and "Enoc Huws" (1891), among others.
Twentieth century onwards.
In the late 19th and early 20th century, Welsh literature began to reflect the way the Welsh language was increasingly becoming a political symbol. Two of the greatest figures in the literary history of this period were the prolific Saunders Lewis and the writer/publisher Kate Roberts. Lewis, who had been brought up in Liverpool, was a leader of the nationalist movement, jailed for his part in protests; he chose drama as a means of drawing attention to the rightness of his cause. Novelist Kate Roberts worked as a teacher, and was one of few writers to have lived in and written about both North Wales and South Wales. 
The industrialisation of parts of Wales was now beginning to be regarded as a mixed blessing, and the old agricultural agrarian way of life which persisted in most of the country was idealised by many writers. However, a more realistic picture of Gwynedd farming communities between the Wars was presented by John Ellis Williams (1924-) in both English and Welsh. Publication of these reminiscences appeared in community newspapers, the Countryman magazine and subsequently in paperback format in English under the titles of Clouds of Time and other Stories (1989) and Rare Welsh Bits (2000). A free spirit in the Welsh publishing circle, Williams was neither an academic nor a politician, but had embraced Existensialism in post Second World War France and had an active friendship and correspondence with Simone de Beauvoir. The 1940s also saw the creation of a notable writing group in the Rhondda, called the 'Cadwgan Circle'. Writing almost entirely in the Welsh language, the movement, formed by J. Gwyn Griffiths and his wife Käte Bosse-Griffiths, included the Welsh writers Pennar Davies, Rhydwen Williams, James Kitchener Davies and Gareth Alban Davies.
After a relatively quiet period between 1950-1970, large numbers of Welsh language novels began appearing from the 1980s onwards, with such authors as Aled Islwyn and Angharad Tomos. In the 1990s there was a distinct trend towards postmodernism in Welsh prose writing, especially evident in the work of such authors as Wiliam Owen Roberts and Mihangel Morgan.
Meanwhile, Welsh poetry, which had been verging on stagnation, took on a new lease of life as poets sought to regain mastery over the traditional verse forms, partly to make a political point. Alan Llwyd and Dic Jones were leaders in the field. Female poets such as Menna Elfyn gradually began to make their voices heard, overcoming the obstacle of the male-dominated bardic circle and its conventions.
The scholar Sir Ifor Williams also pioneered scientific study of the earliest Welsh written literature, as well as the Welsh language, recovering the works of poets like Taliesin and Aneirin from the uncritical fancies of various antiquarians, such as the Reverend Edward Davies who believed the theme of Aneirin's "Gododdin" is the massacre of the Britons at Stonehenge in 472.

</doc>
<doc id="20609041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609041" title="Welsh literature">
Welsh literature

Welsh literature is any literature originating from Wales or by Welsh writers: 

</doc>
<doc id="20609049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609049" title="Ceropegia sandersonii">
Ceropegia sandersonii

Ceropegia sandersonii is a species of flowering plant in the genus "Ceropegia" (Apocynaceae), native to Mozambique, South Africa, and Swaziland. Common names are parachute plant, fountain flower, and umbrella plant. 
It is an evergreen, prostrate, slender twiner, nearly hairless, with sparse, succulent leaves. The roots form narrowly fusiform clusters. The distinctive greenish white funnel-shaped (having a corolla-tube) flowers are 5–7 cm long and are placed on a delicate stalk. Due the fact that the corolla lobes are partially fused, the opening of the flowers is partially inhibited. The tips of the petals do not separate and form a roof or umbrella-like dome on the flower, while the fused bottom forms the tube. The openings between the petals are also referred to as windows, hence the name windowed flowers that is also used for flowers of this type (Weberling, 1992). The flower itself serves as a biological myiophilous (fly-pollinated) pitfall-trap, that traps flies when they descent into the corolla tube. Small hairs that are pointed downwards prevent the insect from escaping. Once trapped, the victim is thoroughly pollinated and only released when the flower is left off and the hairs weaken. 
Cultivation.
In temperate regions this tender plant is cultivated as a houseplant. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20609052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609052" title="Edward Mortimer (businessman)">
Edward Mortimer (businessman)

Edward Mortimer (1768 – October 10, 1819) was a Scottish-born businessman, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1799 to 1820.
He was born in Keith, the son of Alexander Mortimer and Mary Smith, and came to Nova Scotia in the late 1780s as an employee of a firm from Glasgow. He purchased land at Pictou and became involved in the trade in fish and timber. Mortimer married Sarah Patterson around 1790. In 1813, he established his own company. Mortimer also operated coal mines at Pictou. Mortimer served in the local militia, was a trustee for the Pictou grammar school and was named a justice in the Court of General Sessions and the Inferior Court of Common Pleas for Pictou district. He died at Pictou at the age of 51.

</doc>
<doc id="20609077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609077" title="Mike Golden">
Mike Golden

Michael Henry Golden (September 11, 1851 – January 11, 1929) was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched and played in the outfield for three teams during his two season career.
Career.
Born in Shirley, Massachusetts, Golden made his debut on May 4, 1875 for the Keokuk Westerns of the National Association. He was their starting pitcher for all 13 games the team was in the Association, completing all 13, with 113 innings pitched, a 2.79 ERA, and won just one game against 12 losses. When the Westerns folded, he signed with the Chicago White Stockings for the rest of the season. He pitched 119 innings in 14 games pitched for the White Stockings, with a 2.79 ERA, a 6–7 W-L records, 12 complete games, and one shutout. In addition to pitching, he also played 27 games in the outfield. In total, he played in 39 games, hitting .258, and scored 16 runs.
The only other season he played at the top level of professional baseball, and his only "Major League" season, was for the 1878 Milwaukee Grays of the National League. He pitched in 22 games that year, starting 18, and led the league with four games finished. He again played in the outfield when he didn't pitch, playing in a total of 55 games for the Grays, hitting .206, had 3–13 pitching record, and a 4.14 ERA. Golden's career totals include a 10–32 pitching record, a 3.37 ERA, and a .217 batting average in 107 total games played.
Post-career.
Golden died in Rockford, Illinois at the age of 77, and is interred at Saint Mary and Saint James Cemetey in Rockford.

</doc>
<doc id="20609078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609078" title="André Chastel">
André Chastel

André Chastel (15 November 1912, Paris - 18 July 1990, Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a French art historian, author of an important work on the Italian Renaissance.
He was a professor at the Collège de France, where he held the chair of art and civilisation of the Renaissance in Italy, from 1970 to 1984, he was elected a member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20609083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609083" title="Debeli Brijeg">
Debeli Brijeg

Debeli Brijeg is the main Montenegrin border crossing with Croatia. The Croatian checkpoint is known as Karasovići. It is located on the Adriatic Highway.
Debeli Brijeg is in Herceg Novi municipality about 6km from Igalo.

</doc>
<doc id="20609086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609086" title="SnapAccounting">
SnapAccounting

SnapAccounting was a commercial software package for the PC written by Joe Schoemann Computers in Johannesburg, South Africa in the early 1980s.
It was written in dBase 3 and compiled with Clipper (programming language). It had a DOS .bat file installation program that used the Company's Name as a security against software piracy, which was rampant in South Africa in the 1980s.
SnapAccounting was one of the earliest turnkey accounting packages available in South Africa.
There were SnapAccounting modules for Debtors, Creditors and General Accounting. A Stock module was added later.
Special customized version existed for garages and butchers that integrated all 4 packages and included a Balance Sheet module.

</doc>
<doc id="20609109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609109" title="Grafton Primary">
Grafton Primary

Grafton Primary is an Australian electro-noir band from Sydney. The band consists of brothers Benjamin and Joshua Garden who attended primary school in Grafton, New South Wales. They select drummers and bass players for live shows. Grafton Primary has independently released an EP, "Relativity" (2007), and two albums, "Eon" (2008) and "Neo" (2013). The group has been picked up by Triple J and has toured widely.
Relativity EP Track list.
Total Time: 23:40
Eon Album Track list.
Total Time: 52:37

</doc>
<doc id="20609110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609110" title="St Stephens by Launceston Rural">
St Stephens by Launceston Rural

St Stephens by Launceston Rural is a civil parish in the east of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is in the Registration district of Launceston. The population of the parish in the 2001 census was 312. The former parish of "St Stephens by Launceston" was abolished in 1894: "St Stephens by Launceston Urban" became part of the town of Launceston, while "St Stephens by Launceston Rural" became part of Launceston Rural District.
The parish lies immediately north west of the town of Launceston and is bounded to the south by the parishes of Launceston, St Thomas the Apostle Rural, and Lawhitton. To the east it is bounded by the River Tamar (the border between Cornwall and Devon). To the north and north-west it is bordered by the parishes of Werrington, North Petherwin and Egloskerry.
History.
In Anglo-Saxon times there was a monastery here dedicated to St Stephen whose canons owned the surrounding land including the town of Launceston (i.e. "Lan-stefan-ton") (the name did not then belong to Dunheved the present town). A mint was established here as early as the reign of Aethelred II, 976, but only one specimen is known to exist (it weighs 1.61g). However after the Norman Conquest the Norman Earl acquired Dunheved and rebuilt the castle there. He expropriated the market and mint of the canons and the townspeople followed them to Dunheved. (The name of Launceston belonged originally to the monastery and town here, but was then transferred to the town of Dunheved.) The church of St Stephen retained its importance and remained the mother church of many of the surrounding parishes, Tremaine, Egloskerry, Tresmeer, Werrington, St Giles, Laneast, St Thomas, St Mary Magdalene and others throughout the Middle Ages.
Notable buildings.
The parish church, dedicated to St Stephen, is within the northern outskirts of the town of Launceston at . The church's buttressed and battlemented tower (16th century) houses a ring of six bells. The church was built in the early 13th century after the monastery which had been on this site had moved into the valley near the castle. The old tower was demolished by Reginald Earl of Cornwall. The present fine tower was built in the 16th century; the font is Norman. On the Tamar at Yeolmbridge is the oldest bridge in Cornwall: it has two pointed arches and the roadway has been widened in modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="20609114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609114" title="Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd">
Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd

Ebrahimi v Westbourne Galleries Ltd AC 360 is a United Kingdom company law case on the rights of minority shareholders. The case was decided in the House of Lords.
Facts.
Mr Ebrahimi and Mr Nazar were partners. They decided to incorporate as the business was highly successful, buying and selling expensive rugs. Their store was originally in Nottingham, and then moved to London at 220 Westbourne Grove.
Mr Ebrahimi and Mr Nazar were the sole shareholders in the company and took a director's salary rather than dividends for tax reasons. A few years later, when Mr Nazar's son came of age, he was appointed to the board of directors and Mr Ebrahimi and Mr Nazar both transferred shares to him.
After a falling out between the directors Mr Nazar and son called a company meeting, at which they passed an ordinary resolution to have Mr Ebrahimi removed as a director. Mr Ebrahimi, clearly unhappy at this, applied to the court for a remedy to have the company wound up.
Judgment.
The House of Lords stated that as a company is a separate legal person, the court would not normally entertain such an application. However, they believed that as the company was so similar in its operation as it was when it was a partnership, they created what is now known as a quasi-partnership. Mr Ebrahimi had a legitimate expectation that his management function would continue and that the articles would not be used against him in this way. Based on the personal relationship between the parties it would be inequitable to allow Mr Nazar and his son to use their rights against Mr Ebrahimi so as to force him out of the company and so it was just and equitable to wind it up. The company was wound up and Mr Ebrahimi received his capital interest. 
Lord Wilberforce gave the following judgment.
Significance.
Soon after the remedy for unfair prejudice was introduced, which allows a court to simply order a minority shareholder to be bought out, rather than a company being wound up. This is found in the Companies Act 2006 sections 994 to 996.

</doc>
<doc id="20609119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609119" title="Antoine Schnapper">
Antoine Schnapper

Antoine Schnapper (1933–2004) was a French art historian on art of the 18th century. A student of André Chastel, he organised many retrospectives on artists of that period, notably one at the Louvre in 1989 on Jacques-Louis David to commemorate the bicentenary of the French Revolution. He taught at the université de Paris IV.

</doc>
<doc id="20609127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609127" title="Francis Cahill">
Francis Cahill

Francis (Frank) Cahill was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician. A teacher by profession, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North constituency at the 1923 general election. He resigned his seat on 30 October 1924. The subsequent by-election on 11 March 1925 was won by Patrick Leonard of Cumann na nGaedheal.

</doc>
<doc id="20609132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609132" title="Gustaf Fjæstad">
Gustaf Fjæstad

Gustaf Fjaestad (1868–1948) was a Swedish painter, a member of the Rackstad colony of artists in Värmland, Sweden.
He collaborated with Carl Larsson on the murals now at the Stockholm National Museum. His work is found in many national and international collections 

</doc>
<doc id="20609133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609133" title="Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire!">
Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire!

Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire! are an indie rock group from Adelaide, South Australia. They describe their musical style as "monolithic tech-pop". They have released the independent EPs "You Seize the City, I'll Seize the Sky" (2006) and "Boy, Hush Yr Mouth, Grrl Bare Yr Teeth" (2007), and full length studio album "Sea Priest" (2010).
History.
Origins.
The band met and formed during their time at Adelaide High School, where Williams, Stearne, Flavel and Zinoviev attended. After meeting and rehearsing cover songs for most of 2005, the group purchased the necessary equipment to perform live, and began playing regular shows in local Adelaide venues. In 2006, Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire! completed the independent EP "You Seize the City, I'll Seize the Sky", and were invited to play Adelaide's Big Day Out. In early 2007, the band approached Caitlin Duff to take over from David as lead vocalist.
Unearthed.
After performing at the Big Day Out and Parklife festivals, the band were placed in high rotation on Triple J radio, receiving considerable airplay. The band won a spot on the 2008 Homebake line-up thanks to Triple J's Unearthed competition and was featured in Rip It Up Magazine as an Adelaide act set to make a play for national attention in 2009.
Throughout the summer of 2009, the band performed once again at the Big Day Out festival in Adelaide, as well as the Adelaide Laneway Festival, and Come Together Festival in Sydney. In July/August 2009 Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire! released the iTunes-only EP "Animal Spirit Guide", touring across the country with Hungry Kids of Hungary and Tom Ugly.
Break from Recording.
Throughout 2009, the band played shows supporting the likes of Sia Furler, The Bumblebeez and Bertie Blackman, and were shortlisted as one of the ten finalists for the Qantas Spirit of Youth award. In September 2009 Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire! announced the addition of a second guitarist, Nathaniel Morse, to complement their line up, embarking on a short Australian east coast tour with I Heart Hiroshima.
Debut Album and Touring.
On 19 March 2010, Fire! Santa Rosa, Fire! released their completed debut album "Sea Priest" through Dot Dash, alongside lead single "Little Cowboys, Bad Hombres" - a return to significant airplay with Australian youth radio stations Triple J and FBI. They toured throughout May and June in support of the album, as well as playing opening support to Dappled Cities on their 'Winter Tour' with the John Steel Singers. Additional tours included St. Vincent, Band of Skulls and Kimbra.
2012-2013.
In December 2012, F!SRF! were putting the finishing touches on a new album to be released in 2013 and released the single, "Codebreaker".

</doc>
<doc id="20609164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609164" title="Martin Tůma">
Martin Tůma

Martin Tůma (born on September 15, 1985 in Most, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays with HC České Budějovice in the Czech Extraliga. He was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 5th (162nd overall) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Tůma played junior hockey in HC Litvínov's system in the Czech Republic. After his third season with HC Litvínov's junior team, he was drafted 162nd overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Florida Panthers. Tůma subsequently moved to North America to play major junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) with the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds.
After completing the 2004–05 OHL season, Tůma turned professional and began playing in the Panthers' farm system in the American Hockey League (AHL) and ECHL. After stints with the San Antonio Rampage, Rochester Americans and Florida Everblades, Tůma returned to his native Czech Republic to play for HC Litvínov of the Czech Extraliga. For the 2012-2013 season Martin signed with the Nottingham Panthers of the Elite Ice Hockey League before being signed on 27 November of 2012 by Braehead Clan
International play.
Tůma has made one appearance for the Czech Republic internationally at the 2005 World Junior Championships in the United States where he earned a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20609171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609171" title="BL 12 inch Mk X naval gun">
BL 12 inch Mk X naval gun

The BL 12 inch Gun Mark X was a British 45-calibres naval gun which was mounted as primary armament on battleships and battlecruisers from 1906. It first appeared on the revolutionary .
History.
Mk X continued the trend of lengthening gun barrels as far as new construction methods would permit, in order to allow more cordite propellant to be used to attain higher projectile velocities. Mk X increased the bore length from Mk IX's 480 inches (40 calibres) to 540 inches (45 calibres), increasing muzzle velocity from 2,600 to 2,700 feet/second.
Subsequent British attempts to further increase the power of 12-inch guns led to failure with the 50-calibre Mk XI and Mk XII guns; the Mk X was the last successful 12-inch British gun.
Naval use.
Mk X Guns were mounted in the following ships which served throughout World War I :
World War I use ashore.
From 1917 several Mk X guns were deployed ashore on the section of the Belgian coast still held by the Allies, near Nieuport. They were part of the "Royal Naval Siege Guns" under the command of Admiral Sir Reginald Bacon, and were used for attacking German heavy gun batteries.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20609180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609180" title="Predikant">
Predikant

Predikant "[pred-ik-ant]" is a minister in the Dutch Reformed Church in South Africa. Predikant is the Afrikaans term for "pastor".
The word 'predikant' is also used in the Dutch, Norwegian and Swedish languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20609187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609187" title="Zgornje Jezersko">
Zgornje Jezersko

Zgornje Jezersko (; literally, 'Upper Jezersko') is a settlement that is the administrative centre of the Municipality of Jezersko in Slovenia. It is part of the traditional Slovenian Carinthia region and the Upper Carniola Statistical Region. 
Jezernica Creek, a tributary of the Kokra River, flows through Zgornje Jezersko. Other major geographical features in or bordering the settlement's territory include Lake Planšar (), the Ravne Cirque (), Makek Cirque (), Kokra Cirque (), and Jezersko Cirque (), and Mount Grintovec and Mount Virnik Grintavec ().
There are three churches in the settlement. Two of them, including the parish church, are dedicated to Saint Oswald. The older one, a chapel of ease of late 12th-century origin, was built above the village and the larger 19th-century church is on the northern outskirts of the main settlement. St. Andrew's Church, another chapel of ease, is located in the hamlet of Ravne, northeast of the main settlement. There is also a chapel dedicated to Saint Hubertus in the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20609196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609196" title="Seán Buckley (politician)">
Seán Buckley (politician)

Seán Buckley (died 1963) was an Irish politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork West constituency at the 1923 general election. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election. He next stood for election at the 1938 general election and was elected as a Fianna Fáil TD. He was re-elected at each general election until he retired from politics at the 1954 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20609222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609222" title="Henry Hezekiah Cogswell">
Henry Hezekiah Cogswell

Henry Hezekiah Cogswell (April 12, 1776 – November 9, 1854) was a lawyer, political figure and philanthropist in Nova Scotia. He represented the town of Halifax in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1818 to 1820.
He was born in Cornwallis Township, the son of Mason Cogswell and Lydia Huntington, and was educated at King's College. He studied law with Richard John Uniacke and was called to the bar in 1798, setting up practice in Halifax. In 1805, Cogswell married Isabella Ellis. He was named deputy provincial secretary in 1812 and, in 1818, registrar for the Court of Chancery. In 1816, he purchased The Carleton.
With Martin Gay Black and others, he helped establish the Halifax Banking Company in 1825, serving as first president for the bank. In 1831, Cogswell was named to the province's Council. He also served as commissioner of the vice admiralty court and president of the Halifax Board of Health. Cogswell was president of the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company and of the Annapolis Iron Mining Company. An obvious target for political reformers, he lost most of his political appointments by 1841. Cogswell helped support the Halifax Mechanics' Institute, was a generous supporter of King's College and contributed to Halifax charities. In his later years, he lobbied for a railway link between Halifax and Quebec City. He died at Halifax at the age of 78.
His daughter Isabella Binney Cogswell went on to become a prominent philanthropist and his son James Colquhoun Cogswell later served as president of the Halifax Banking Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20609230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609230" title="Louis de Boullogne">
Louis de Boullogne

Louis de Boullogne II (1657 - 2 November 1733), known as Boullogne fils, was a French painter.
Life.
Boullogne was born and died in Paris, and was the brother of Bon Boullogne. Their father, Louis Boullogne, feared rivalry between the two brothers if Louis the younger became a painter and so at first opposed his wish to do so. However, his vocation finally won through and every evening Louis crossed Paris to go with Bon to draw at the Académie. Aged 18 he won the grand prix de peinture and left for Rome in 1676, when his brother returned from there. He made copies after "The School of Athens", "Disputation of the Holy Sacrament" and many other works by Raphael, from which the Gobelins made many different tapisteries for the French king.
Returning through Lombardy and Venice in 1680, Louis returned to Paris and soon won a great reputation. In 1681 he was received as a member of the Académie : his reception piece showed "Augustus closing the doors to the temple of Janus, after the battle of Actium". On 3 February 1688 he married Marguerite Bacquet. In 1722, he was chosen to design the medals and mottos for the Académie des inscriptions, receiving a new 1,000 livres pension and the ordre de Saint-Michel. In 1723, he was made rector of the Académie; in 1724, first painter to the king, with letters patent of nobility for him and his descendents; and, in 1725, director of the Académie, offices he held until his death. His students included Cornical, Galloche and Courtin. A strong supporter of the Académie, Louis de Boullogne supported its students with his lessons and his protection. He was the sworn enemy of the pochades and bambochades, claiming that only those with great skill and a fully formed taste could be allowed to paint.
Louis Boullogne was buried at Saint-Eustache, parish of his birth. He left a vast fortune to four children he had had with Bacquet - two sons (the eldest was councilor to the parlement de Metz, then conseiller d'État and an intendant des finances et ordres du roi, and the younger receiver general of finances for Tours) and two daughters (of which one married Jean-Pierre Richarol, receiver general of finances, with whom she had the painter Jean-Claude Richard, and the other became a nun).
Works.
Charles Dupuis, François Poilly, Louis Desplaces, Pierre Imbert Drevet, Étienne Baudet and others reproduced many of his works as engravings.

</doc>
<doc id="20609253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609253" title="André Ristic">
André Ristic

André Ristic (born 19 December 1972) is a Canadian composer, pianist, accordion player, and music theorist. He has won several awards, including the Jules Léger Prize for New Chamber Music in 2000 for his work "Catalogue de bombes occidentales", the Prix opus for Composer of the Year in 2002, and the Prix Québec-Flandre in 2003. 
Born in Quebec City, Ristic's parents originated from Poland and Montenegro. He began his professional studies at the Université du Québec à Montréal in mathematics, eventually transferring to the Conservatoire de musique du Québec à Montréal where he studied piano, harpsichord, and musical composition. His background in mathematics has had an impact on his work as a music theorist, with a particular interest being the mathematical representation of sound. Since 1993 he has applied himself to research in video synchronisation by the algorithmic numerical analysis of audio data. 
In the mid-1990s Ristic served as the pianist for the Ensemble contemporain de Montréal. In 1998 he co-founded the chamber ensemble Trio Fibonacci with Gabriel Prynn and Julie-Anne Derome, performing and composing music for the group until 2006. The ensemble notably won the Prix opus in 2001. As a pianist, he is regularly invited by many contemporary music festivals and Canadian orchestras. He has also commissioned several pieces by other composers of his generation, such as Pierre Kolp, Petar Klanac, Yannick Plamendon, Moritz Eggert and Enno Poppe.
After quiting Trio Fibonacci in 2006, Ristic played for one year with the C.O.R.E. Ensemble in Toronto. In 2008 he moved to Brussels to join the piano faculty at the Institut Jaques-Dalcroze (Brussels) where he currently remains. In Belgium he actively performs with the Ictus Ensemble in Brussels and with the ensemble Musiques Nouvelles in Mons.
Composer.
Ristic has written music for orchestra, chamber and solo instrumental music, as well as music for movies or installations in museums. His catalogue numbers several dozen works for diverse combinations and situations. As a music theoretician, he has developed the mathematical representation of sound and some model codes to produce music by signal theory. In his works, one can easily find numeric implement researches aiming to develop new technics of vectoral geometry. André Ristic has received commissions from the Ensemble TUYO, the Ensemble Contemporain de Montréal, Black Jackets Company and from concert artiists Marc Couroux, Stephane Ginsburgh, and Trio Fibonacci. He composed music for Stephan Miljevic’s feature film, "Monsieur, Monsieur et Sonia".
Ristic's style underlines musical optimism by setting up theatre and stage elements in the music he creates or he performs.
Affiliations.
AMP represents the music of Paul Steenhuisen, Howard Bashaw, Keith Hamel, Bob Pritchard, James Harley, André Ristic, Gordon Fitzell, and Aaron Gervais.

</doc>
<doc id="20609254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609254" title="2000 Rugby League World Cup squads">
2000 Rugby League World Cup squads

The 2000 Rugby League World Cup squads consisted of players from the national rugby league football teams of fifteen countries: Australia, England, Fiji, Russia, New Zealand, Wales, Lebanon, Cook Islands, Papua New Guinea, France, Tonga, South Africa, Ireland, Samoa and Scotland.
Pool A.
Australia.
Head Coach: Chris Anderson ()
England.
Head Coach: John Kear ()
Fiji.
Head Coach: Don Furner ()
Russia.
Head Coach: Evgeniy Klebanov ()
Pool B.
New Zealand.
Head Coach: Frank Endacott ()
Wales.
Head Coach: Clive Griffiths ()
Lebanon.
Head Coach: John Elias ()
Cook Islands.
Head Coach: Stan Martin ()
Pool C.
Papua New Guinea.
Head Coach: Bob Bennett ()
France.
Head Coach: Gilles Dumas ()
Tonga.
Head Coach: Murray Hurst ()
South Africa.
Head Coach: Paul Matete ()
Pool D.
Ireland.
Head Coach: Ralph Rimmer ()
Samoa.
Head Coach: Darrell Williams ()
Aotearoa Māori.
Head Coach: Cameron Bell ()
Scotland.
Head Coach: Shaun McRae ()

</doc>
<doc id="20609257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609257" title="Spodnje Jezersko">
Spodnje Jezersko

Spodnje Jezersko (; literally, 'Lower Jezersko') is a settlement in the Municipality of Jezersko in Slovenia. It is part of the traditional region of Carinthia and the Upper Carniola Statistical Region.
On the left bank of the Kokra River, about 2 km south of the settlement, thick layers of travertine are occasionally still mined, particularly for restoration of listed buildings in Upper Carniola, where it was traditionally used as a building material.

</doc>
<doc id="20609281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609281" title="P.I.P.S.">
P.I.P.S.

P.I.P.S. is a term (recursive acronym) for Symbian software libraries that means, P.I.P.S. Is POSIX on Symbian OS. It is intended to help C language programmers in migration of desktop and server middleware, applications to Symbian OS based mobile smartphone devices. 
Software libraries.
The PIPS software libraries provides C and C++ application programming interfaces in standard C libraries such as 
Limitations.
The P.I.P.S. environment does not support signals. This lack of support for signals means that IPC with signals is also not supported. Under P.I.P.S., I/O must be carried out in a synchronous manner.
Extensions and successors: Open C and Open C++.
Open C and Open C++ are extensions by Nokia of P.I.P.S. In contrast to mere P.I.P.S., they were only for Series 60 phones. 
Naming.
The name was the result of an internal competition in the Symbian Developer Marketing department, organised by Bruce Carney (Developer Marketing) and Erik Jacobson (Product Manager). The full-stops were inserted by Symbian's Legal department to ensure there were no trademark or copyright infringements.

</doc>
<doc id="20609284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609284" title="Birrong Girls High School">
Birrong Girls High School

Birrong Girls High School is a public girls high school in Sydney's Birrong suburb in Australia. This is a multicutural school that serves around 837 students in years 7-12. 84% of students are from a non-English speaking background, representing 46 language groups.
History.
The school was established on 29 January 1957 as Birrong Home Science School. It was officially reopened as a multi-lateral high school, with the new name Birrong Girls High School, on 25 September 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20609287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609287" title="Eugene Gilbride">
Eugene Gilbride

Eugene Gilbride (1 October 1892 – 11 March 1972) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Sligo–Leitrim constituency at the 1948 general election. He was re-elected at every subsequent general election until he retired from politics at the 1969 general election. He served as a member of Sligo County Council from 1925 until his death in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20609298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609298" title="Tralee IT GAA">
Tralee IT GAA

Tralee IT GAA are the GAA team in the Institute of Technology, Tralee. They play Gaelic football, hurling, ladies' Gaelic football and camogie.
Gaelic football.
The football club competes in the Sigerson Cup and Higher Education Leagues as well as the McGrath Cup.
The Ladies football team play in the O'Connor Cup and Higher Education Leagues. 
History.
IT Tralee (formerly known as Tralee RTC (Regional Technical College)) burst onto the college GAA scene in 1997 when it became the first RTC to win the Sigerson Cup. It was only Tralee's second outing in this prestigious competition. However, the college created further history by winning the Sigerson three times in successive seasons to become the only RTC/Institute of Technology to do so in the competition's history.
The Ladies football team also won the O'Connor Cup back to back in 1998 and 1999.
Hurling.
The Hurling club play in the Rayn Cup and Higher Education Leagues and the Waterford Crystal Cup.
History.
IT Tralee won the Rayn Cup in 1997, 2007, 2011. The camogie team won the Purcell Shield in 1997.
Camogie.
The camogie team play in the Purcell Shield. 

</doc>
<doc id="20609308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609308" title="Louis Boullogne">
Louis Boullogne

Louis Boullogne (c.1609, Picardy – June 1674, Paris), known as Louis le père, was a French painter.
Life.
After spending some years in Italy, Boullogne set up in Paris and made a major contribution to the organisation of the Académie de peinture, where he was a professor until his death.
He was talented as a copyist and many anecdotes are extant on this topic, more or less true. He painted "Saint Simeón", "St Paul's Miracle at Ephesus" and "The Beheading of St Paul" for Notre Dame. He engraved copies of these himself and, in Rome in 1637, a copy of "The Raising of Helena" after Guido Reni.
All four of his children (Bon, Louis, Geneviève and Madeleine) became painters, and Geneviève also married the sculptor Jean-Jacques Clérion (c. 1640–1714).

</doc>
<doc id="20609317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609317" title="Taehwagang Station">
Taehwagang Station

Taehwagang Station, meaning Taehwa River Station, is a train station located in Samsan-dong, Nam-gu, Ulsan. It is the beginning of the Donghae Nambu Line. It was previously named Ulsan Station until the KTX station in Ulsan opened on November 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20609347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609347" title="Bill Bell (baseball)">
Bill Bell (baseball)

William Samuel "Ding Dong" Bell (October 24, 1933 – October 11, 1962) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Bell played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in and . In 5 career games, he had a 0-1 record, with a 4.32 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
In 1952, Bell threw three no-hitters while pitching in the Appalachian League. The only other person to do this in professional baseball history is Tom Drees.

</doc>
<doc id="20609363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609363" title="Charles Ramage Prescott">
Charles Ramage Prescott

Charles Ramage Prescott (January 6, 1772 – June 11, 1859) was a merchant, noted horticulturalist and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented the town of Cornwallis in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1818 to 1820.
He was born in Halifax, the son of Jonathan Prescott and Anne Blagden. He entered business in partnership with William Lawson. Prescott married Hannah Whidden in 1796. Prescott prospered during the Napoleonic Wars through ownership of ships supplying the British military and by shrewd trade. He retired from business in 1811 selling his wharves and warehouse complex on the Halifax waterfront to Enos Collins. The following year, he settled on a country estate called Acacia Grove in Starr's Point near Port Williams in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley. In 1814, he married Mariah Hammill after the death of his first wife. He was interested in the development of fruit trees, owning extensive orchards, importing fruit trees from Britain, Lower Canada and the United States and raising more exotic fruit in hothouses. Prescott, who often shared his stock with other growers, is credited with introducing many of the apple varieties commonly grown commercially in the province in the years that followed, including the Gravenstein, which became a provincial favourite. He was president of the King's County Horticultural Society and vice-president of the Nova Scotia Horticultural Society. In 1825, Prescott was named to the province's Council, serving until 1838. He died at his home at the age of 87. His restored home is now the Prescott House Museum, part of the Nova Scotia Museum system.

</doc>
<doc id="20609370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609370" title="Madeleine Boullogne">
Madeleine Boullogne

Madeleine Boullogne (baptised 24 July 1646, Paris - 30 January 1710, Paris) was a French Baroque still life painter.
Family.
She was the daughter of Louis Boullogne (painter and one of the founders of the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture) and the sister of the painters Bon, Louis and Geneviève Boullogne.
Life.
On 7 November 1669 she was received into the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture. She began working in the royal workshops, notably at the Palais des Tuileries, where she painted four canvases for the antichamber to the Grand appartement du roi, but also at the Versailles, where she painted for the antichamber of the Grand appartement de la reine.
Madeleine Boullogne lived an austere and pious life, teaching many students, remaining unmarried and living with her brother Bon. Marked by a strict Augustinism bordering on Jansenism, she lived a semi-monastic life. Her presence in the "Nécrologe de Port-Royal" well shows this lifestyle : 
She painted many works on life at Port-Royal-des-Champs, that Louise-Magdeleine Horthemels then engraved and which were extremely popular. She also painted still lifes and many portraits, as well as many religious paintings.
Madeleigne Boullogne was forgotten little by little over the 18th century, with some of her paintings even being attributed to others. She is best known for her paintings on Port-Royal, especially since many of her paintings at the Tuileries have disappeared and most of her work at Versailles was destroyed in the construction of the Galerie des Glaces.

</doc>
<doc id="20609392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609392" title="Oxford Standard for Citation of Legal Authorities">
Oxford Standard for Citation of Legal Authorities

The Oxford University Standard for Citation of Legal Authorities (OSCOLA) is the modern method of legal citation in the United Kingdom. First developed by Peter Birks of the University of Oxford Faculty of Law, and now in its 4th edition, it has been adopted by most law schools and many legal publishers in the United Kingdom. 
Cases.
Cases are to be cited without periods in the names or the report names. If there is a neutral citation, which is generally the case after 2001 or 2002, cite it before the 'best' report: the "Law Reports" (AC, QB, Ch etc.), or the WLR or the All ER.
When you cite something for a second time, an abbreviation can be used. In a footnote referring back to a particular page and another footnote, this would be,
For European Union cases,
For European Court of Human Rights cases,
Journals and books.
Journal articles, books etc. should be cited with the author's name as shown in the work being cited. Journal abbreviations are in roman, with no periods (full stops). If the journal does not have consecutive volume numbers, the year should be shown in square brackets, as in the second example. 
Books follow a similar pattern. Note the order is Author, "Title" (Edition, Publisher Year) page.
If a title and a subtitle have nothing in between, a colon should be used to separate them. A chapter in an edited book would be cited as follows.
Legislation.
The title of UK legislation should always be written in Roman with the year at the end. The section is abbreviated without any periods.
EU legislation should be as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="20609422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609422" title="48th parallel north">
48th parallel north

The 48th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 48 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.
The Boston Beer Company brews an India Pale Ale called "Latitude 48" as much of the Northern Hemisphere's hops are grown in a belt at approximately this latitude.
In Canada the parallel forms part of the border between Quebec and New Brunswick.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 16 hours, 3 minutes during the summer solstice and 8 hours, 22 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 48° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="20609441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609441" title="Karka">
Karka

Karka is a summit in the Hindu Raj range in Northern Pakistan and has a peak elevation of .
Multiple Italian expeditions have been exploring the area from a geographic and ethnographic point of view.
A group of climbers from Vicenza successfully climbed Karka for the first time in August 2007 during the expedition "La Gata - Karka 2007". In the course of the same expedition 4 other first ascents were performed in the Chiantar Glacier basin, while the trekking group set the route of what local guides already name "Trekking of the Italians".

</doc>
<doc id="20609449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609449" title="Broughton Publishing">
Broughton Publishing

Broughton Publishing was established in 2001 by the Anglican Church of Australia as its national publishing arm. It is named after the Right Reverend William Grant Broughton, who was consecrated as the first Bishop of Australia in 1836.
Broughton publishes liturgical materials, such as the Anglican lectionary and prayer book, devotional materials, and other books related to the Anglican Church of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20609455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609455" title="Henry Wilson (architect)">
Henry Wilson (architect)

Henry Wilson (12 March 1864 - 7 March 1934) was a British architect, jeweller and designer.
Career.
He was born at 91 Red Rock Street in West Derby near Liverpool on 12 March 1864. He studied at the Kidderminster School of Art before being articled to the architect Edward James Shrewsbury in Maidenhead. He then worked and was trained in the practices of John Oldrid Scott, John Belcher and J. D. Sedding.
After Sedding's death in 1891 Wilson completed many of Sedding's schemes. He followed Sedding's ideals, but his designs were often more original and grander in scale.
From about 1895 Wilson designed metalwork, church plate and furnishings, jewellery and sculpture, becoming a gifted craftsman in the Arts and Crafts Movement. He was in business at 17 Vicarage Gate, Kensington, London from 1896 to 1899. In 1892 he joined the Art Workers Guild.
From 1896 he taught in London at the Central School of Arts and Crafts, and from 1901 taught metalwork at the Royal College of Art. He was the first editor of the Architectural Review, from 1896 to 1901.
In 1902 he became associated with the circle of William Richard Lethaby in the Liverpool Cathedral Scheme. In 1903 his practical manual, "Silverwork and Jewellery", was published. In 1905 he designed the bronze doors for the cathedral of St John in New York.
Wilson selected the British jewellery for the Paris Exhibition of 1914. He served as President of the Arts and Crafts Exhibition Society from 1915 to 1922, organised the major Arts and Crafts Exhibition at the Royal Academy in 1916, and in 1917 became Master of the Art Workers Guild. He was a member of the International Society of Sculptors, Painters and Gravers. After World War I, he again selected British jewellery for the Paris Exhibition of 1925.
Personal life.
In 1901 he married Margaret Ellinor Morse, the daughter of Francis Morse, Vicar of St. Mary's Church, Nottingham. They had one son and three daughters. 
In 1922 he emigrated to Paris, and after the death of his wife in 1931, he died in Menton on 7 March 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20609494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609494" title="Barmy Burgers">
Barmy Burgers

Barmy Burgers is a 1983 computer game written for the ZX Spectrum by Gary Capewell and Gary Sewell and published by Blaby Computer Games in the UK and Ventamatic in Spain. It is a clone of the arcade hit BurgerTime.
Summary.
The object of the game is create three hamburgers by running over each of the ingredients, making them drop down levels until they make up complete burgers. Players must also avoid sausages and fried eggs who chase them down; players can stop them by firing pepper at them. However if they catch the chef then the player will lose a life.
"Barmy Burgers" received favourable reviews. "Crash" magazine praised the game for its sound and graphics, while "Computer and Video Games" said that "Barmy Burgers is a good game for any spectrum-owning Burgertime fan."

</doc>
<doc id="20609511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609511" title="Louis Galloche">
Louis Galloche

Louis Galloche (24 August 1670 - 21 July 1761) was a French painter. A student of Louis de Boullogne, his own students included François Lemoyne, Charles-Joseph Natoire and François Boucher.
Life.
He was born in Paris, the son of Charles Galloche and Jeanne Martinet. He studied at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand. Originally destined for the church, he soon found he had no vocation and began the study of philosophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20609516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609516" title="Daphne (brig)">
Daphne (brig)

Daphne was a brig that was wrecked without loss of life on 26 October 1818 in the Kent Group in Bass Strait. 
The brig departed Sydney bound for India on 10 October 1818 under the command of John Howard. As the ship passed through Bass Strait he stopped at several islands to purchase sealskins from sealers in the area. On 26 October a gale rose and Howard sheltered in the lee of East Island. Howard went ashore probably to find sealers. On arriving on shore he noticed that the "Daphne" was being driven towards the rocks. He returned on board but could do little to save the brig. He therefore ordered the passengers and crew to abandon ship. The passengers made it to shore safely but the "Daphne" was totally destroyed.
The longboat was badly damaged and it took Howard and his crew some eight days to repair it. He then took his chief mate and three seamen and headed to Launceston on 4 August. Blown off course he eventually made Hobart on the 14th of November 1818 where he chartered the sloop "Governor Sorrell" to rescue the eight passengers and crew remaining on East Island. Meanwhile the "John Palmer" arrived and took on board some of the wreck survivors and attempted to head back to Hobart.
"Daphne" a brig of 151 tons was constructed in Java and arrived in Australia 1814 and was owned by William Campbell of Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="20609522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609522" title="Muir v Glasgow Corporation">
Muir v Glasgow Corporation

Muir v Glasgow Corporation 1943 SC(HL) 3, is a leading case in the law of negligence and forms part of Scots delict law and English tort law.
Facts.
A group of children were having a day out with their Sunday school. They were meant to be having a picnic, but the rain had ruined it. The leader of the trip asked the manager of a tearoom, run by Glasgow Corporation, if she would allow the children to have their picnic on their premises. She agreed and the group entered. In the tearoom there was a tuck shop, the window to which was located midway along a corridor. The children had all started to line up along the corridor to buy sweets at the tuck shop. At this time a large tea urn was being carried along the corridor by two adults, to the main room of the tearoom. Somehow, and it is still unknown how, the tea urn overturned and scalded a young girl (Muir).
The parents of the girl sued Glasgow Corporation, claiming that they owed the child a duty of care and that they had breached this.
Judgment.
The court held that the manageress in charge owed a duty of care, generally, to everyone in the tearoom. However, she did not owe a duty of care to the Sunday school, to take additional precautions to prevent their being injured as a result of her allowing them to enter. So long as the tearoom was run in the same manner as it was day to day, and to the same safety standards, she was not required to take extra steps to prevent the incident which occurred. It was not reasonably foreseeable that allowing the children to come into the premises would result in one of them being scalded. As such, the incident was put down as an accident which could not have been prevented.

</doc>
<doc id="20609535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609535" title="Bregana">
Bregana

Bregana () () is a settlement (naselje) in the Town of Samobor, Zagreb County, Croatia. According to the 2001 census, the town has 2,518 residents living in an area of . Together with the nearby settlements of Podvrh and Klokočevec Samoborski, the town's micropolitan area has 3,450 inhabitants.
Together with Macelj and Rupa, Bregana is the main Croatian border crossing with Slovenia. The checkpoint on the Slovenian side of the border is located in a small village called Obrežje. It is the start of the A3 highway which goes to Zagreb and on to Lipovac at the Serbian border in the east. The highway connects to Slovenia's A2 highway, which leads to Ljubljana. There is also a minor border crossing in the town itself, a two-lane road crossing between Bregana and Slovenska vas. A railway crossing between the two countries is located in Harmica near Savski Marof in Brdovec municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20609557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609557" title="Baltic Shipping Company v Dillon">
Baltic Shipping Company v Dillon

The Mikhail Lermontov or Baltic Shipping Company v Dillon 1 Lloyd's Rep 579 and (1993) 176 CLR 344 is an Australian contract law case, on the incorporation of exclusion clauses and damages for breach of contract or restitution for unjust enrichment.
Facts.
A widow, Mrs Joan Dillon, bought a cruise from a charterer's travel brochure on the cruise ship (named after the Russian poet, Mikhail Yuryevich Lermontov). She paid a deposit and on 6 December 1985 received a booking form that said the ticket would be issued subject to conditions. On 24 January 1986 she received the ticket, which limited liability for personal injury. The ship sank. Mrs Dillon was injured and lost some valuables. She was sent a loss form without reference to personal injuries. The company offered her an "ex gratia" sum to settle if she signed a release form. She accepted and signed. In 1987 the insurance company and Mrs Dillon sued to recover damages for personal injury and other losses.
Judgment.
Trial court.
Carruthers J awarded Mrs Dillon (1) restitution of the sum paid for the cruise (2) damages for loss of valuables (3) compensation for disappointment and distress (4) damages for personal injury (5) interest, all totaling $51,000. Award (1) was, however, reversed in the High Court (below).
So far as incorporation of the exclusion clause went, he held that the contract was made on 6 December, so no new terms could be introduced when the balance of the cruise fare was paid. The terms were insufficiently notified. The Trade Practices Act 1974, s 74 applied to loss of luggage and s 68(1)(c) said the clauses limiting liability for its loss were void. By s 87, the widow was entitled to treat the release form as void "ab initio" because the company had intended to deceive and mislead the widow into thinking her rights under the contract of carriage were limited to the points under the loss form. The form was substantially and procedurally unfair and void "ab initio" under the Contracts Review Act 1980.
At 594 Carruthers J said this.
High Court.
The Baltic Shipping Company's appeal to the High Court was unsuccessful, except that they were able to establish that the purchase price of the ticket did not need to be returned in full. There had been merely a "partial failure of consideration", not total, and therefore restitutionary damages were barred. Another important point was that Mrs Dillon was not allowed to recover the balance of the fare "and" damages for breach of contract at the same time. The restitutionary and compensatory damages, thought the Court, should be alternatives. Mason CJ's judgment on this point was as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="20609566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609566" title="South Petherwin">
South Petherwin

South Petherwin () is a village and civil parish in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is in the Registration District of Launceston. The civil parish is bounded to the north by the Launceston parishes of St Thomas and St Mary Magdalene, to the east by Lawhitton and Lezant parishes and to the west by Trewen parish. The population of the parish in the 2001 census was 932.
South Petherwin village is situated 3 miles (5 km) south-southwest of the town of Launceston on the road from Launceston to Liskeard. The parish church, dedicated to St Paternus, stands in the village at . The church's tower has pinnacles and battlements and it houses a ring of five bells.
History.
The Saint, Patern (or Padarn, Paternus) has had several candidates, which have become mixed and confused over the ages. It is believed that the actual St. Patern to which the Parishes of North and South Petherwin are dedicated, was actually the father of St. Constantine of Cornwall, a Cornish King who gave up his throne to become a monk. St. Patern and St. Constantine have thus always been linked, with dedications always being near one another (a Celtic practice when saints are related or work together) (St. Constantine Church at Milton Abbot being the case in point for South Petherwin).
With the assumption that Dunheved (now known as Launceston) was the seat of the Celtic Kings of the area and that when Constantine became a monk he gave his territory to the Celtic Church, the Parish, along with North Petherwin and Lawhitton (Landwithan), would have been administered by the Celtic Bishop from St German's Priory. 
With the West Saxon invasion, the new King created a new diocese in the South West based at Sherborne in 909 AD. The lands which were controlled by the Celtic Bishop, were conceded to the new Bishop's control, to finance his work in Cornwall. It is with the Saxons that both Petherwins began to dominate the region, with the River Kensey being the natural divide. North Petherwin in the North with the new monastery of St. Stephens (a Saxon abbot being appointed to quell the Celts), and South Petherwin to the south of the Kensey: Dunheved was allowed to decline, as a means to crush the Celtic will. The see of the Diocese moved first to Crediton from Sherborne, then on to Exeter in 1050.
Norman period.
The next radical change came with the Normans who sought to suppress the West Saxon control. First St. Stephen's was reduced as a monastery with the priory being moved across the Kensey to Newport. Then the ruined ancient fort of Dunheved was rebuilt as a Castle and walled town. At that time South Petherwin became the mother Church for Launceston, and it is the Church's importance in providing a valuable source of income to the church as a whole, that accounts for the size of the Church when it was rebuilt in the fifteenth century. Its significance is also shown by the existence of five roads which all lead to the Church. (Three still exist as normal tarmac roads; one is a footpath leading across fields from Tregadillett, with a fifth road from Trecrogo, which is now blocked off.) The estate was much larger than the present Parish and also included Trewen, hence the medieval association between St. Michael's Church, Trewen and St. Paternus's Church, South Petherwin (a link now ended with the consolidation of parochial charges).
The parish is now situated in the Hundred of East and deanery of Trigg Major.
Parish Church.
The church consists of a chancel, nave, north and south aisles, and vestry. The chancel was restored in the 19th century. The arcades each consist of six four-centred arches, supported on monolith granite pillars. There are north and south porches. The tower has three stages, and is buttressed on the square; it is wholly built of local stone apart from the battlements and pinnacles which are of granite. The belfry contains five bells and a clock. There was a Holy Well in a field at Oldwit Farm, where water was collected and brought to the church each time a baptism took place.
The Priest-in-charge of Lezant and Lawhitton is responsible for this parish also; Trewen is the responsibility of the Vicar of Egloskerry.
Ambrose Manaton a local landowner and M.P. died in 1651 and was buried at South Petherwin, where his monument displayed the arms of Manaton and Reskymer, and Manaton and Edgcombe.

</doc>
<doc id="20609567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609567" title="Artevea">
Artevea

Artevea Digital is a TETRA (Terrestrial Trunked Radio) infrastructure manufacturer.
Product range.
Artevea designs, develops and supplies digital (TETRA) trunking systems worldwide for the public safety market, which includes, military, paramilitary forces, police, fire service, ports, oil and gas, ambulance or any mission critical organisation. Additionally it supports, Transport and various other Utilities.
Artevea is headquartered in Cambridge, United Kingdom and its India Office is located in Noida, Uttar Pradesh. Artevea has a widespread international distributor and partner network, globally.
Artevea offers TETRA systems. In addition to the IP based TETRA infrastructure, Artevea also offers Network Management Solutions (NMS), Tetra Dispatcher Solution (TDS), Automatic Terminal Location System (ATLS), Gateways (Telephone, Recording, SDS), Alert Monitoring System and TETRA-TETRA & TETRA-Analogue Gateway.
History.
Artevea (formerly, Simoco Digital UK Limited), initially originated from the Pye Telecommunications and Philips business operations, which from its foundation in Cambridge during the 20th century initiated the TETRA Digital evolution during its development in the 90’s as Simoco.

</doc>
<doc id="20609571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609571" title="Moskovsky City District, Tver">
Moskovsky City District, Tver

Moskovsky City District () is a district of the city of Tver, Tver Oblast, Russia. Population: 
In 1975, Proletarsky City District and parts of Novopromyshlenny City District of Tver were merged to form Tsentralny City District, and the remaining part of Novopromyshlenny City District was renamed Moskovsky. The name was given because the road to Moscow starts on the city district's territory.

</doc>
<doc id="20609573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609573" title="Charles Dupuis (engraver)">
Charles Dupuis (engraver)

Charles Dupuis (1685, Paris - 1742) was a French engraver, who engraved many of the paintings from the galleries at Versailles and the Palais-Royal. He was elected a member of the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture in 1730. His brother was Nicolas-Gabriel Dupuis.

</doc>
<doc id="20609574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609574" title="South Los Angeles">
South Los Angeles

South Los Angeles, formerly South Central Los Angeles, is a 51.08-square-mile region of Los Angeles County, California, comprising twenty-five neighborhoods within the city of Los Angeles and three unincorporated districts.
Districts.
The districts are:
History.
Pre-1948.
South L.A. is home to the University of Southern California, founded in 1880, as well as the Doheny Campus of Mount St. Mary's College, which was founded in 1920. The 1932 and 1984 Olympic Games took place near the USC campus at neighboring Exposition Park, which hosts the Los Angeles Coliseum. Until the 1920s, West Adams was one of the most desirable areas of the city. Then development of the Wilshire Boulevard corridor drew Los Angeles' development west of downtown. As the wealthy were building stately mansions in West Adams and Jefferson Park, the white working class was establishing itself in Crenshaw and Hyde Park. Affluent blacks gradually moved into West Adams and Jefferson Park as the decades passed.
At the same time, the area of modest bungalows and low-rise commercial buildings along Central Avenue emerged as the heart of the black community in southern California. It had one of the first jazz scenes in the western U.S., with trombonist Kid Ory a prominent resident. Under racially restrictive covenants, blacks were allowed to own property only within the Main-Slauson-Alameda-Washington box and in Watts, as well as in small enclaves elsewhere in the city. The working- and middle-class blacks who poured into Los Angeles during the Great Depression and in search of jobs during World War II found themselves penned into what was becoming a severely overcrowded neighborhood. During the war, blacks faced such dire housing shortages that the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles built the virtually all-black and Latino Pueblo Del Rio project, designed by Richard Neutra.
1948–1960s.
When the Supreme Court banned the legal enforcement of race-oriented restrictive covenants in 1948's "Shelley v. Kraemer", blacks began to move into areas outside the increasingly overcrowded Slauson-Alameda-Washington-Main settlement area. For a time in the early 1950s, southern Los Angeles became the site of significant racial violence, with whites bombing, firing into, and burning crosses on the lawns of homes purchased by black families south of Slauson. In an escalation of behavior that began in the 1920s, white gangs in nearby cities such as South Gate and Huntington Park routinely accosted blacks who traveled through white areas. The black mutual protection clubs that formed in response to these assaults became the basis of the region's fearsome street gangs.
As in most urban areas, 1950s freeway construction radically altered the geography of southern Los Angeles. Freeway routes tended to reinforce traditional segregation lines. The Harbor Freeway ran just to the west of Main Street, and the Santa Monica Freeway just to the north of Washington Boulevard. The Marina Freeway was originally to run near Slauson Avenue all the way to the Orange County line, but was deemed redundant and went unbuilt except for its westernmost portions.
Although the freeways worked in moving cars around, they were decidedly unsuccessful as instruments of integration. The explosive growth of suburbs, most of which barred blacks by a variety of methods, provided the opportunity for whites in neighborhoods bordering black districts to leave en masse. The spread of blacks throughout the area was achieved in large part through "blockbusting," a technique whereby real estate speculators would buy a home on an all-white street, sell or rent it to a black family, and then buy up the remaining homes from whites at cut-rate prices and sell them at a hefty profit to housing-hungry blacks.
This process accelerated after the Watts Riots of 1965. The riots resulted in an abandonment of southern Los Angeles and its neighboring cities by white residents and merchants. Middle-class blacks also left the area, moving to the north and west. By the late 1960s most of Los Angeles south of Pico Boulevard and east of La Brea Avenue had become overwhelmingly black. The Santa Monica Freeway formed the northern boundary of the "new" South Central, primarily dividing the middle-class blacks of Mid-Wilshire from the poor and working-class blacks to the south.
1970s–1990s.
Beginning in the 1970s, the precipitous decline of the area's manufacturing base resulted in a loss of the jobs that had allowed skilled union workers to have a middle class life. The downtown Los Angeles' service sector, which had long been dominated by unionized African Americans earning relatively high wages, replaced most black workers with newly arrived Mexican and Central American immigrants.
Widespread unemployment, poverty and street crime contributed to the rise of street gangs in South Central, such as the Crips and Bloods. They became even more powerful with money from drugs, especially the crack cocaine trade, dominated by gangs in the 1980s.
2000s–present.
By the 2000s, the crime rate of South L.A. lowered significantly. Community-based peace programs, gang intervention work, and youth development organizations lowered the murder rates to levels not seen since the 1950s. Nevertheless, South Los Angeles was still known for its gangs.
In 2003, the city of Los Angeles changed the area's name from South Central to South Los Angeles in hopes of removing the associations of urban decay and street crime with which the name South Central had become associated.
Population.
By the end of the 1980s, South Los Angeles had an increasing amount of Hispanics and Latinos, mostly in the northeastern section of the region. But it was not until the 1990s when Hispanic immigrants from Central America began arriving in substantial numbers to buy or rent apartments and houses, most of which were vacated by African Americans. In 1970, nearly 700,000 African-American residents called Los Angeles home. However, in the twenty-year period between 1990 to 2010, the city lost over 125,000 black residents, a number that continues to dwindle as more African-American families seek opportunities elsewhere. Nonetheless, South Los Angeles remains home to the largest black community in the Western United States. 
"Between 1970 and 1990 the South LA area went from 80% black and 9% Latino to 50.3% black and 44% Latino." This massive and rapid residential demographic change occurred as resources in the area were shrinking due to global economic restructuring described above and due to the federal government's decrease in funding of urban anti-poverty and jobs programs, and other vital social services like healthcare. The socio-economic context described here increased the perception and the reality of competition amongst Asians, blacks, and Latinos in South LA. The results from the 2000 census which show continuing demographic change coupled with recent economic trends indicating a deterioration of conditions in South LA suggest that such competition will not soon ease."
In the 2000 census, the area of South Los Angeles had a population of 520,461. Roughly 55% of the residents were Hispanic or Latino, while more than 40% were African American.
The "Mapping L.A." project of the "Los Angeles Times" reported that in 2000 the neighborhood had a population of 749,453 in 2000 in its 51.08 square miles, divided into 28 neighborhoods, with 14,671 people per square mile. The ethnic breakdown was Latino, 56.7%; black, 38%; white, 2.2%; Asian, 1.6% and other, 1.5%.
Government and infrastructure.
The Los Angeles County Department of Health Services operates the South Health Center in Watts, Los Angeles, serving South Los Angeles.
See also.
Other regions of Los Angeles County

</doc>
<doc id="20609575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609575" title="Antoinette Miggiani">
Antoinette Miggiani

Antoinette Miggiani (born 5 September 1937) is a Maltese operatic soprano and singing teacher.
Biography.
Antoinette Miggiani was born in Sliema, Malta. After studying piano and voice in her native country, she won a British Council scholarship to study at London's Royal Academy of Music in 1958. She was under contract to the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden for the 1961/62 seasons following her First Prize award at the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Society International Singers' Competition. During the 1960s, she sang in London, France, Germany, and Italy (where she gave several recitals for Italian Radio). She returned several times to Malta where she sang at the Teatru Manoel as Leonora in "La forza del destino" (1963) and Santuzza in "Cavalleria rusticana" (1965), as well as a Royal Gala Performance at the theatre for Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip (1967). In 1968 she undertook a tour of the United States, where she sang both in recital and on the opera stage, including performances as Maddalena in "Andrea Chénier" at Seattle Opera with Franco Corelli in the title role. 
Her international career was cut short in 1970, when her parents became ill and she returned permanently to Malta to care for them. However, she continued to sing in Malta in lieder recitals and concerts, and as a soloist in performances of sacred music, including the Verdi, Mozart, Elgar, and Rossini "Requiems"; Antonín Dvořák's "Stabat Mater"; and Gounod's "Messe solennelle Sainte-Cécile". She also sang in operas at the Teatru Manoel, including the title role of Carmelo Pace's "Ipogeana" in its 1976 world premiere. For many years Miggiani has been a distinguished voice teacher in Malta. Amongst her former pupils are the soprano Lydia Caruana and baritone Lino Attard. On 13 December 1991, she was awarded her country's Medal for Service to the Republic (Midalja għall-Qadi tar-Repubblika).

</doc>
<doc id="20609599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609599" title="2003 African Under-17 Championship">
2003 African Under-17 Championship

The fifth African U-17 Championship was held between May 25 and June 8, 2003 in Swaziland. The first three qualified for FIFA U-17 World Championship 2003.
Group stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20609603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609603" title="HMS Preston">
HMS Preston

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Preston":

</doc>
<doc id="20609606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609606" title="Nicolas-Gabriel Dupuis">
Nicolas-Gabriel Dupuis

Nicolas-Gabriel Dupuis (1695–1771) was a French engraver, and the brother of the engraver Charles Dupuis.

</doc>
<doc id="20609611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609611" title="Caspar Baader">
Caspar Baader

Caspar Baader (born 1 October 1953) is a Swiss politician, attorney and member of the Swiss National Council from the canton of Basel-Country. Elected in 1998, he is a member of the Swiss People's Party (SVP/UDC).
Baader is married and father of three.

</doc>
<doc id="20609615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609615" title="Mario Tobino">
Mario Tobino

Mario Tobino (January 16, 1910, Viareggio, Province of Lucca, Tuscany – December 11, 1991, Agrigento) was an Italian poet, writer and psychiatrist. 
A prolific writer, he began as a poet but later wrote mostly novels. His works are characterized by a strong autobiographical inspiration, and usually deal with social and psychological themes.
Education.
Mario Tobino completed his degree in medicine in 1936, after which he embarked on a career that centered on the mental hospital setting, treating people with mental disabilities. 
Medical Career.
Mario Tobino's work took him to Liybya in June 1940. He worked as a doctor in Libya until October 1941, when war broke out in the country and he had to flee. His experience of Libya was recorded in the book "Il deserto della Libia", which came out in 1952. 
After returning from Libya, Tobino took the job of doctor in the Mental Hospital of Lucca. He worked in the hospital for over four decades. 
Works.
The period between spring and autumn of 1944 saw Tobino become an ardent supporter of the war of national liberation. His participation in the liberation efforts as a partisan developed him immensely as a writer. The experience morphed into the book "Clandestino", which was published in 1962 and won him the Premio Strega. Tobino had published books before "Clandestino". In 1953, he brought out "Libere donne di Magliano", a work that established his place among important Italian writers. Tobino wrote another prize-winning book in 1972. His "Per le antiche scale" was the winner of the Premio Campiello that year. Tobino was a tireless writer. He was prolific even in his later life. In 1982 he published "Gli ultimi giorni di Magliano", followed by "La ladra" in 1984 and in 1988 "Tre amici". This last phase of his writing career was also marked by several literary prizes. He received the Premio Pirandello on the 10th of December, 1991, in Agrigento. The next day he passed away. 

</doc>
<doc id="20609617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609617" title="The Faith (Australian band)">
The Faith (Australian band)

The Faith is an Australian rock band first formed in 1987. The members are vocalist Alan White, guitarist Jonathan Purcell, bass player Scott Millard and drummer Chris Briggs. Their music was influenced by bands as diverse as REM, the Cult, Television and the Velvet Underground. They were contemporaries of Died Pretty, Trilobites, Crash Politics, Candy Harlots, Bell Jar and The Screaming Tribesman.
History.
The Faith was formed after Alan White and Chris Briggs wound up their former band Sons Of Guns and joined forces with Scott Millard and Jonathan Purcell, both of whom had just finished up with Sydney band the Seamonsters. The Faith debut performance was in late 1987 supporting well-known local band Bell Jar at the Harold Park Hotel in Sydney’s inner west. They were noticed straight away by their peers and quickly became a part of many local billings and lineups throughout the next few months.
A new label called RooArt records noticed the band in 1987. The Faith were invited to record a track for RooArt’s inaugural Youngblood compilation with leading producer Nick Mainsbridge at Sydney’s Paradise Studios. 
After many more live dates and touring commitments, The Faith had the chance to return to the studio in December 1988 and record their debut album, "Chain Of Flowers".
Brett Myers, who was better known as the guitarist and songwriter for one Australia’s most acclaimed international acts, Died Pretty, took the reins and produced the effort, along with Tony Espie, ARIA award-winning engineer, at Studios 301 in Castlereagh St.
"Chain of Flowers" was released on the Survival Label, home to Screaming Tribesman, in December 1988 with the anticipation it would become an independent hit. The album received enormous amounts of critical praise from street press around the country, however radio failed to latch on and inevitably record sales failed to match the expectations. Although sales were respectable for an Independent release, it wasn’t enough to guarantee interest from any of the major labels and the band lost momentum.
Break up.
In the winter of 1989 and following the release of Chain of Flowers, the band took a forced hiatus as Alan White pursued his film directing career in the United States and at the same time Scott Millard filled in with appearances with the Candy Harlots.
The band came together and toured in late 1989 however eventually different visions of the future forced the band to call it quits and no further material was released.
The band reformed to record some demo’s in 1990 with a new line up. Scott Millard had since moved on. The sessions, with Alex Ronayne on bass, yielded one track “Wild Changes” which was finally mixed some nine years later and released on the 1999 soundtrack of the Australian movie “Erskineville Kings”.
Post break up.
The 1990 sessions were to be the last time the Faith were to play together. Alan White continued his career in film and went on direct some of the world’s most popular TV commercials and in 1999 released his first feature film, Erskineville Kings, starring Hugh Jackman. This was shortly followed by Risk, with Bryan Brown and the 2007 film Broken [http://www.cinemawithoutborders.com/news/127/ARTICLE/1120/2007-10-01.html] with Heather Graham. He also directed the TV series Technology Jones. Alan now lives in Los Angeles, California.
Scott Millard left The Faith and briefly joined the Candy Harlots thence Crash Politics, Bell Jar, ID (Mushroom Records) and Clusterfunk (members of Crash Politics). After a break from playing rock based music he released a solo vinyl ep under the name Crackerjack, produced by Paul Mac, which was reproduced in its entirety on Sony Music’s “Itch-E and Scratch-E and Friends” album (1994). Scott now resides in Singapore.
Jonathan Purcell went on to play with ID (non concurrent to Scott Millard’s stint) and a career in taxation where he is now a GST legal interpretations advisor. Jonathan has recently recorded with Tegan Northwood on her new CD to be released on the Endgame Label later in 2007. Jonathan was also a member of Mark Easton's band Soggy Porridge in the mid-1980s and appears on their compilation CD ‘Broken Romance’ now available on plastic donut records. Jonathan resides in Sydney.
Chris Briggs, originally a professional skateboarder in the early 80s, joined Sydney grunge band Earwig in 1992. Earwig won "Best New Band" in the Sandringham Hotel's "Battle of the Bands" in 1992, however did not record any material. From 1994. He now resides in Brisbane. 
Reformed.
The Faith reunited in December 2008 to record their second album “Gone Forever”. The first song lifted from the as yet to be released album is a track “Surreal Eyes”. This track was debuted on their MySpace page in October 2009. Videos to “Surreal Eyes”, and another two tracks from the same forthcoming album, "Anytime" and "The Bulrushes" (a cover of the Bongo's track) have been uploaded to YouTube.
Advertising campaigns.
The Faith contributed the soundtracks to the award winning "Homer Hudson" ice cream commercials, sited by Rolling Stone magazine as the hottest advertising campaign of the year (1988 - Hot Issue). The money earned for the session actually financed the recording of the Chain of Flowers album.

</doc>
<doc id="20609618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609618" title="City campus of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology">
City campus of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology

The urban City campus of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) is located in the city centre of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia. It is sometimes referred to as "RMIT City" and the "RMIT Quarter" of the city in the media.
Campus location.
Origins.
The City campus is RMIT's original campus and was founded in 1887 as the Working Men's College (now Building 1). The college was initially established as a night school for the instruction of "art, science and technology" - in the words of its founder Francis Ormond - "especially to working men". Ormond believed that the college was of "great importance and value" to the fast-pace industrialisation of Melbourne during the late 19th century. Subsequently, he campaigned for it to be located in the city centre. His nominated site, on the corner of La Trobe Street and Bowen Street, was donated by the government from land reserved for the colonial Supreme Court. The site was chosen so that the college would benefit from a proximity to the Melbourne Public Library and Art Gallery (now the state State Library of Victoria) on the corner of Swanston Street and La Trobe Street.
Due to its location in Melbourne's former justice precinct, the college originally bordered the Melbourne Gaol, City Watch-House (now Building 19) and Supreme Court (later the Magistrates' Court and now Building 20). As the gaol was progressively decommissioned and demolished, the college expanded over the site - and also acquired many of the surrounding former judicial buildings. As a result, the campus occupies an historically (as well as archaeologically) significant area of Melbourne's city centre. The unprecedented success of the college, and its eventual growth into what is today RMIT, was not considered in planning of the day. Subsequently, the campus developed in an unsystematic manner when land or buildings were able to be acquired - leading to the contiguity of the campus with the city during the 20th century.
City campus today.
Today the City campus is the largest of RMIT's five campuses - now located across the metropolitan area of Melbourne and in Vietnam. As of 2010, it has a gross floor area of 307,466 m2 over 68 buildings. It is situated over a six city block area of roughly 720,000 m2, to the north of the La Trobe Street-end of Melbourne's Hoddle Grid, and is a convergent part of the city centre's northern section. The scattered nature of the campus within the city has been likened to the campuses of New York University and the Sorbonne - as by Australian foreign minister Bob Carr for example.
It is bounded by La Trobe Street to the south, Lygon Street and Russell Street to the east, Queensberry Street and Victoria Street to the north, Elizabeth Street and Swanston Street to the west. The densest area of the campus, around Swanston Street, is sometimes referred to as the "RMIT Quarter" of the City. It is surrounded by significant multicultural areas such as Melbourne's Chinatown, Greek Precinct and Little Italy, as well as cultural institutions such as the adjacent State Library of Victoria and nearby Queen Victoria Market. In the way of public transport; it is well served by trams travelling along Swanston Street and by the train station at the Melbourne Central Shopping Centre on the corner of La Trobe Street and Swanston Street.
The main thoroughfare of the campus is Bowen Street. The city blocks east of Bowen Street to Russell Street and west of Bowen Street to Swanston Street, between La Trobe Street to the south and Franklin Street to the north, are completely occupied by campus buildings. Bowen Street is closed to public traffic, and encompasses Ellis Court at its southern end and Bowen Terrace at its northern end. It was designed as a pedestrian spine by architect Peter Elliot in 2000. There are no large open spaces on the dense urban campus. However, some pockets of open space exist around Bowen Street; which include: Alumni Courtyard, The Belvedere, Bowen Terrace, Casey Plaza, Ellis Court and University Lawn. The lawns of the State Library (adjacent to the southern end of the campus) are also popular with students.
Campus development history.
From the 1890s, RMIT's campus had developed in an ad hoc manner of purpose-built and acquired buildings. Subsequently, no master plan for the campus was implemented until 1930. In 1929, it was granted the eastern side of Bowen Street for development - over areas of the recently decommissioned Melbourne Gaol. The development of this area progressed slowly and was not fully completed until the mid-1950s. During this time, the campus was - as described by architect Peter Elliot - "just a cacophony of cluttered streets, laneways, dead-ends and hidden courts". In 1950, the Melbourne City Council granted the exclusive use of Bowen Street to RMIT for its campus. And, by the mid-1960s, the campus occupied all of the buildings fronting Bowen Street and a number of buildings fronting the eastern side of Swanston Street - between La Trobe Street and Franklin Street.
A comprehensive master plan for the campus was then developed by architect Osborn McCutcheon in 1965. The master plan included the controversial tower blocks - Building 10 (Casey Wing), Building 12 (Gillespie Wing) and Building 14 - which front the eastern side of Swanston Street. The buildings were constructed over the historic Ormond Mathematics School (where Building 14 stands), Automotive Engineering School and Foundry School (where Building 12 stands). They were intended to be part of the suite of five identical blocks which ran the length of Swanston Street from La Trobe Street to Franklin Street. However, after completion of the first three buildings, during the 1970s, public opinion swung against their design. Dubbed the "grey silos", the austere functionalist design of the towers was criticised for a lack of windows facing Swanston Street. As a result, the remaining two towers were never completed.
In 1975, architect John Andrews was engaged to design the first stage of new Building 8 (Union House) in place of the fourth tower block. The lower three levels of the building were constructed as the first stage over the Pharmacy School and McComas Wool School as well as Pharmacy Lane (which originally connected the middle of Bowen Street with Swanston Street) and the northern section of Bowen Lane (the remaining section renamed Rodda Lane). The second stage of Building 8 was constructed in 1993 to a postmodern design by architect Peter Corrigan. It was the last large-scale building constructed on the Bowen Street blocks of the campus. The proposed fifth tower block was never built, and subsequently the historic Building 16 (Storey Hall) and Building 22 (Singer Building) still stand on the site.
In the late 1990s, architect Peter Elliot was engaged to undertake the most significant redesign of the campus' urban landscape in its history. The first stage was completed in 2000, and included the redevelopment of Bowen Street into a pedestrian spine and creation of Ellis Court at its northern end and Bowen Terrace at its southern end as open spaces. It also included the creation of Rodda Lane and University Way as secondary pedestrian laneways. The second stage was completed in 2007, and included the redevelopment of the historic walled yard of the Old Melbourne Gaol as an open space (renamed Alumni Courtyard), as well as a large stairway linking it to University Way. The third stage was completed in conjunction with Elliot's refurbishment of Building 1 (Francis Ormond Building) in 2010, and included the creation of an lawned common area named University Lawn at the southern end of University Way
In 2007, to mark its 120th anniversary, RMIT instigated a A$600 million capital works program. The program (which concludes in 2015) includes the refurbishment of a large number of existing buildings on the campus and the construction of major new buildings - notably Building 80 (Swanston Academic Building) and Building 100 (Design Hub). It also plans the campus' expansion to the western side of Swanston Street, to occupy the majority of its frontage from La Trobe Street to Victoria Street. The program is designed to facilitate the consolidation of RMIT's colleges and schools into the main campus area from their locations in disparate buildings around the city centre.
Significant buildings.
]
Early.
RMIT Building 1 (Francis Ormond Building):
Building 1 was constructed as the Working Men's College (antecedent of the present-day RMIT). Located on the corner of Bowen Street and La Trobe Street, it was RMIT's first building. The three story Gothic Revival building is in the Scottish Baronial-style with Second Empire-inspired roof detailing. Its design was a result of an 1883 competition won by architects Leonard Terry, Percy Oakden and Nahum Barnet. It is constructed of brick and faced with a finely-worked Barrabool sandstone and Waurn Ponds stone dressings.
Stage 1 (Bowen Street Wing) was constructed between 1885-86 at a cost of £10,600. The founder of the college, grazier and politician Francis Ormond, donated an initial £5,000 towards funding its construction on the provision the public match his donation. Ormond's cause was promoted in "The Age" newspaper by the journalist and Melbourne Public Library trustee Charles Pearson. The initial donation was matched through the fundraising efforts of Melbourne Trades Hall members, after the cause was taken up by its secretary William Murphy.
The inauguration of the college took place on the 6th of May 1887, in front of dignitaries and a large audience, at the Melbourne Town Hall. The inaugural address was delivered by the state Premier Duncan Gillies. The college was officially opened to enrollments on the 4th of June 1887. Pearson gave the first lecture at the college, and Oakden ran the colony's first architecture class. Over 200 enrolments were taken in its first week of operation, and later grew to over 2000 by 1889 - requiring additional teaching space to be constructed.
Stage 2 (La Trobe Street Wing) was constructed between 1890-92 at a cost of £13,700. The 1883 design of the wing was redeveloped by Oakden, along with his new partners George Addison and Henry Kemp, and included more overt stone dressings. The addition of the building's prominent donjon tower is attributed to Kemp. Construction was financed by the bequest of Ormond, who had died the previous year. A full-scale bronze statue of Ormond by sculptor Percival Ball was erected outside the building in 1897.
The period interiors of the La Trobe Street Wing were damaged by fire in 1953, and were subsequently remodelled. The entire interior of the building was later refurbished between 2008-10 to a design by architect Peter Elliot, at a cost of A$15 million. It included a reintroduction of period interior features as well as the creation of a café in the rear courtyard of the building and a lawned common area. The café is named Pearson & Murphy's.
Notably, the building refurbishment restored its elaborate 9 m high vaulted and hammerbeam roofs and the Romanesque semicircular Council Chamber.
Following the refurbishment, it became only the second 19th century building to be awarded a five star rating by the Green Building Council of Australia. Its credentials include solar power generation, a rain water harvesting system and storage tanks under the lawn.
The building was classified by the National Trust in 1972, and placed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 2008. Along with the Gothic Revival former Melbourne Magistrates' Court (now Building 20), it is considered to create the best "European medieval revival streetscape" in Victoria.
Building 1 is now the administrative centre of RMIT, and the home of its Chancellery and Council.
RMIT Building 2 (Old Arts School):
Building 2 was constructed as an applied arts school. It is located opposite Building 1 on the adjacent corner of Bowen Street and La Trobe Street. The four story building is Utilitarian in design - like that of British Industrial architecture of the era. It was designed by the state public works department under the chief architect George Watson. Constructed between 1915-16 at a cost of A£16,000, it is a rare example of pre-Modern form follows function. The state Governor Arthur Stanley was presented with a solid gold key to officially open the building in 1917. The key is now held by Museum Victoria.
Building 2 now houses part of the RMIT School of Art.
RMIT Building 3 (Kernot Building):
Building 3 was constructed as the Kernot Engineering School. It is located on the eastern side of Bowen Street, beside Building 1 and Ellis Court, near the La Trobe Street entrance. Originally three stories, it is a Greek Revival-inspired building adapted in the Palazzo-style. It was designed by the state public works department under the chief architect E. Evan Smith.
Constructed between 1930–31, at a cost of A£40,000, it was named after the Kernot brothers; William and Wilfred. Both brothers were engineers and served as president of the Working Men's College. The building was opened by prominent army general and engineer John Monash in 1931 (in what is reported to have been his last public function before he died later that year).
The building was constructed on the site of a former cell block and walled yard of the neighbouring Melbourne Gaol (which ceased operation in 1924). During demolishing and excavation works on the site in 1929, workers discovered what was believed to be the grave of notorious bushranger Ned Kelly (who was hanged at the gaol in 1880). It was reported that, when the remains were exhumed, nearby students of the college rushed the site and seized bones from the grave. The bones were later returned or recovered by the state penal department, and the remains were reinterred at the Metropolitan Gaol at Pentridge (now Coburg).
Between 1998-2002, the entire interior of the building was refurbished and a fourth story added to a contemporary design by architect Peter Elliot, at a cost of A$13.4 million. The new level also connected to Building 5 over a laneway leading to University Way. It replaced excess Royal Australian Air Force huts which had been relocated to the roof of the building after World War II - in order to relieve a shortage of classrooms. The RMIT School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering moved from the building in 1998 (which ended 67 years of engineering education in the building).
Building 3 now houses the RMIT School of Applied Sciences.
RMIT Building 4 (Old Trades School):
Building 4 was constructed as a trade school in 1890 to accommodate a growing student population of over 2000. It is located on the western side of Bowen Street, near the La Trobe Street entrance, and was the second building of the campus. The four story Gothic Revival building is an adaptation of the Tudor Gothic-style. It was designed by architects Oakden, Addison and Kemp who also worked on Building 1. Like Kemp's previous work of the day, the building is surmounted with a castellated tower and spire. Its leadlight windows are in an unusual perpendicular design and utilise cathedral glass in the Arts and Crafts tradition.
The building originally housed a steam engine-driven electric generator in its basement. It was one of only a few in Melbourne during the 1890s and also powered the formerly gas-lit Building 1.
Building 4 now houses part of the RMIT School of Art.
RMIT Building 9 (Old Radio School):
Building 9 was constructed as an electrical and radio communications school - toward the end of the Interwar period. It is located on the corner of Bowen Street and Franklin Street. Originally three stories, it is a Streamline Style Moderne building designed by the state public works department under the chief architect Percy Everett. It was constructed (and subsequently extended for World War II) between 1938-42 of manganese brick.
During World War II, over 5,300 Royal Australian Air Force personnel trained to be radar operators and radio mechanics in the building. The aeronautical engineering school (antecedent to the present-day RMIT School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering) was also established behind the building at this time (now Building 15).
Two additional stories were added to the building between 2008-09 to a design by architect Peter Elliot, and the entire interior of the building's above-ground stories were refurbished. Its basement interiors were refurbished to house media suites and studio space between 2011-12.
The building was placed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 2008 as a significant work of Percy Everett, and for being "one of the few large public buildings designed in the streamline horizontal Moderne style" in Victoria. Together with Building 5 (Old Chemistry School) and Building 7 (Old Metallurgy School) it forms Everett's suite of European Moderne buildings on the campus.
Building 9 now houses the RMIT School of Media and Communication.
Acquired.
RMIT Building 11 (Spiritual Centre):
Building 11 is a group of connected buildings that were once part of the Melbourne Gaol. Located at the corner of Franklin Street and University Way, the group includes the gaol gatehouse, service wing, bathhouse and chapel buildings. Constructed between 1860-61 of Coburg bluestone, the mostly two story buildings are in a restrained style. They were designed by the colonial public works department under chief architect Henry Ginn and based on Joshua Jebb's Pentonville prison style. The chapel is attributed to H.A. Williams and its austere-Italianate facade and bellcot are attributed to J.J. Clark and Gustav Joachimi.
The group of buildings are connected by a central courtyard. Two smaller courtyards are also located on the east and west sides of the chapel. A curiosity of the chapel is the Port Jackson fig tree (sp. "ficus rubiginosa") growing atop the wall in the western courtyard.
The gaol ceased its operations in 1924, and ownership of the remaining group of buildings was transferred to the neighbouring Emily McPherson College (now Building 13) in 1927 - which was also constructed over a demolished area of the gaol. Most of the remaining gaol buildings were demolished during the 1930s - to make way for the Kernot Engineering School (now Building 3). The only remaining cell block of the gaol which fronts Russell Street (which is not a part of the Building 11 group) was left abandoned.
During World War II, the disused cellblock was reopened and as a military prison for soldiers who went Absent Without Leave (AWOL). During this time, a wall was constructed in the eastern courtyard to ensure students were separated from the inmates. After the war the cell block was used as a storage facility for the Victorian Police force. The college's group of buildings had their interiors remodelled by architect Rod Macdonald of Eggleston, Macdonald and Secomb in 1974. Emily McPherson College amalgamated with RMIT in 1979, after which the buildings were used as art studios.
The enclosed balconies of the building were restored in 1990 (to a design that dates from 1927). The central courtyard was landscaped in 1994, and the war-time wall in the eastern courtyard was demolished around the same time. In 2007, the chapel interior was remodelled by architect Khalid Bouden of Desypher as a multifaith space and offices.
The building was classified by the National Trust and placed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 1958. Together, the group of buildings are culturally significant for being "evidence of one of the early gaols and the oldest surviving penal establishment" in Victoria, and are archaeologically significant as they "contain remnants of the original gaol structures and the site of the original burials of prisoners".
Building 11 now houses the RMIT Spiritual Centre and Chaplaincy. The National Trust have operated the remaining cell block as a museum since 1972.
RMIT Building 13 (Emily McPherson Building):
Building 13 was constructed as the Emily McPherson College of Domestic Economy (which amalgamated with RMIT in 1979). It is located on the corner of Franklin Street and Victoria Street. The four story Neoclassical building is in the Beaux Arts-style with a Neo-Grec décor. It was designed by the state public works department under chief architect E. Evan Smith. It was constructed between 1925-26 of brick with a cement render and features a dominant Doric portico.
It was constructed on the site of the former Governor's residence as well as parts of the panopticon-like exercise yards and watchtower of the neighbouring Melbourne Gaol. After the gaol ceased operations in 1924, the ownership of its former gatehouse, service wing, bathhouse and chapel buildings were transferred to the college. The buildings were primarily used for fashion and food technology classes (and are now collectively known as Building 11).
The college was named after the wife of businessman and politician William McPherson, who donated a A£25,000 share towards its construction. It was opened by Emily McPherson and the Duchess of York, Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon (later the Queen Mother) in 1927. A crowd of over 5000 people, including dignitaries and officials, gathered outside the portico to witness the opening ceremony.
Following the official proceedings, Ethel Osborne (who had invited the Duchess to open the college) presented her with the first ever honorary diploma from the college. Osborne declared that "Her Royal Highness had set all Australians an example of home life". Upon accepting, the Duchess replied "it will always be a delightful memento but one of which I am afraid I am not worthy!"
The Ethel Margaret McPherson Wing of the building was constructed between 1949-50. The wing, which fronts Franklin Street - next to the gatehouse of Building 11, is sympathetic in design to the original building. It was designed by the state public works department under chief architect Percy Everett. It was named after the wife of McPherson's son William Jr. It was opened by Mary Herring, the wife of the state Lieutenant Governor.
Between 2007-10, the building was refurbished to a design by architect Kai Chen of Lovell Chen. The building's exterior was restored to its original 1927 design, and its interiors redeveloped for executive education, at a cost of A$23.2 million. It was also detached from its rear connection to Building 11, in order to create a walkway via its eastern courtyard to Russell Street.
The building was classified by the National Trust in 1979, and placed on the Victorian Heritage Register in 2008. It is architecturally significant as "a distinctive neoclassical building", and historically significant as "a reminder of earlier philosophies of educational provision especially for girls and young women".
Building 13 now houses the RMIT Graduate School of Business and Law.
RMIT Building 16 (Storey Hall):
Building 16 was constructed as the meeting hall of the Ancient Order of Hibernians' Australasian Catholic Benefit Society. Located at 342-348 Swanston Street, RMIT first leased the building in 1947, to house its Correspondence Branch, and later purchased it in 1957. The three story Neoclassical building was designed by the architect W.B. Tappin of Tappin, Gilbert and Dennehy. Its facade features Ionic temple windows, framed by Corinthian columns that support a decorative entablature. It was constructed between 1884-87 of brick faced with sandstone and a Malmsbury bluestone base.
The £25,000 cost of the building was raised through the fundraising efforts of Hibernian-Australasian Catholic Benefit Society members. The building was opened in 1887 by the Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne Thomas Carr. Upon completion, the Hibernian Hall was the largest private hall in Melbourne and the second largest generally only to the Town Hall.
The hall was built during a time when fraternal and friendly societies were at their peak in Melbourne. Other former society halls that exist in the general campus area include those of the Ancient Order of Druids (opposite Building 16 on Swanston Street), Independent Order of Odd Fellows (opposite Building 13 on Victoria Street) and the Ancient Order of Foresters (now Building 24).
It ceased operations as the Hibernian Hall in 1903, after which it was acquired by the controversial evangelical preacher John Alexander Dowie who used as a Zionist Tabernacle. It was a site of protest when Dowie (who started his religious career in Australia) returned to Melbourne in 1904 - at the height of his notoriety. Following his death in 1907, Dowie's successor Wilbur Glenn Voliva (former superintendent of Zionism in Australia) sold the hall in order to settle debts associated with Dowie's theocratic Zion City in the United States.
It was acquired by businessman Charles Bright of Gibbs, Bright and Co., who renamed it the Guild Hall. It was leased to entertainer and early Melbourne cinema entrepreneur Thomas Sangston, who used it for his vaudeville company.
Building 16 is now home to RMIT Gallery.
RMIT Building 19 (former Melbourne City Watch-House):
RMIT Building 20 (former Melbourne Magistrates' Court):
RMIT Building 22 (Singer Building):
RMIT Building 24 (Forrester's Hall):
RMIT Building 113 (Capitol Theatre):
Recent.
RMIT Building 8 (Union House):
RMIT Building 16 (Storey Hall) :
RMIT Building 80 (Swanston Academic Building):
RMIT Building 100 (Design Hub):
Open space and common areas.
Alumni Courtyard and Belvedere:
Bowen Street and Bowen Terrace:
Ellis Court:
University Lawn:
References.
Notes:
Texts:

</doc>
<doc id="20609622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609622" title="Babylon">
Babylon

Babylon (, ; ; Sumerian logogram: KÁ.DINGIR.RAKI; Hebrew: , "Bāḇel"; ; "Bābiru") was originally a Semitic Akkadian city dating from the period of the Akkadian Empire circa. 2300 BC.
Originally a minor administrative center, it only became an independent city-state in 1894 BC in the hands of a migrant Amorite dynasty not native to ancient Mesopotamia. The Babylonians were more often ruled by other foreign migrant dynasties throughout their history, such as by the Kassites, Arameans, Elamites and Chaldeans, as well as by their fellow Mesopotamians, the Assyrians.
The remains of the city are found in present-day Hillah, Babil Governorate, Iraq, about south of Baghdad. All that remains of the original ancient famed city of Babylon today is a large mound, or tell, of broken mud-brick buildings and debris in the fertile Mesopotamian plain between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. The city itself was built upon the Euphrates, and divided in equal parts along its left and right banks, with steep embankments to contain the river's seasonal floods.
Available historical resources suggest that Babylon was at first a small town which had sprung up by the beginning of the 2nd millennium BC (circa 2000 BC). The town attained independence as a small city state with the rise of the First Amorite Babylonian Dynasty in 1894 BC. Claiming to be the successor of the more ancient Sumero-Akkadian city of Eridu, Babylon, hitherto a minor city, eclipsed Nippur as the "holy city" of Mesopotamia around the time an Amorite king named Hammurabi first created the short lived Babylonian Empire in the 18th century BC. It was from this time that South Mesopotamia came to be known as Babylonia, and the city of Babylon itself grew in size and grandeur.
The empire quickly dissolved upon his death and Babylon spent long periods under Assyrian, Kassite and Elamite domination. After being destroyed and then rebuilt by the Assyrians, Babylon again became the seat of the Neo-Babylonian Empire from 608 to 539 BC which was founded by Chaldeans from the south east corner of Mesopotamia, and whose last king was an Assyrian from Northern Mesopotamia. The Hanging Gardens of Babylon were one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. After the fall of Babylon it came under the rules of the Achaemenid, Seleucid, Parthian, Roman and Sassanid empires.
Name.
The Greek form "" (Βαβυλών) is an adaptation of Akkadian "Babili". The Babylonian name as it stood in the 1st millennium BC had been changed from an earlier "Babilli" in early 2nd millennium BC, meaning "Gate of God" or "Gateway of the God" ("bāb-ili") by popular etymology. The earlier name "Babilla" appears to be an adaptation of a non-Semitic source of unknown origin or meaning.
In the Hebrew Bible, the name appears as ("Babel"; Tiberian "Bāvel"; Syriac "Bāwēl"), interpreted in the Book of Genesis (11:9) to mean "confusion" (viz. of languages), from the verb "bilbél", "to confuse".
History.
An indication of Babylon's early existence may be a "later" tablet describing the reign of Sargon of Akkad (ca. 23rd century BC short chronology). The so-called "Weidner Chronicle" states that it was Sargon himself who built Babylon "in front of Akkad" (ABC 19:51). Another later chronicle likewise states that Sargon "dug up the dirt of the pit of Babylon, and made a counterpart of Babylon next to Akkad". (ABC 20:18–19). Van de Mieroop has suggested that those sources may refer to the much later Assyrian king Sargon II of the Neo-Assyrian Empire rather than Sargon of Akkad.
Linguist I.J. Gelb, has suggested that the name "Babil" is an echo of an earlier city name. Herzfeld wrote about "Bawer" in Ancient Iran, and the name "Babil" could be an echo of Bawer. David Rohl holds that the original Babylon is to be identified with Eridu. The Bible in Genesis 10 indicates that a biblical king named Nimrod was the original founder of Babel (Babylon). Joan Oates claims in her book "Babylon" that the rendering "Gateway of the gods" is no longer accepted by modern scholars.
By around the 19th century BC, much of southern Mesopotamia was occupied by Amorites, nomadic tribes from the northern Levant who were Semitic speakers like the Akkadians of Babylonia and Assyria, but at first did not practice agriculture like them, preferring a semi nomadic lifestyle, herding sheep. Over time, Amorite grain merchants rose to prominence and established their own independent dynasties in several south Mesopotamian city-states, most notably Isin, Larsa, Eshnunna, Lagash, and later in Babylon.
Classical dating.
Ctesias, who is quoted by Diodorus Siculus and in George Syncellus's "Chronographia", claimed to have access to manuscripts from Babylonian archives which date the founding of Babylon to 2286 BC by Belus who reigned as Babylon's first king for fifty five years. Another figure is from Simplicius, who recorded that Callisthenes in the 4th century BC travelled to Babylon and discovered astronomical observations on cuneiform tablets stretching back 1903 years before the taking of Babylon by Alexander the Great in 331 BC. This makes the sum 1903 + 331 which equals 2234 BC as the founding date for Babylon. A similar figure is found in Berossus, who according to Pliny, stated that astronomical observations commenced at Babylon 490 years before the Greek era of Phoroneus, and consequently in 2243 BC. Stephanus of Byzantium, wrote that Babylon was built 1002 years before the date (given by Hellanicus of Mytilene) for the siege of Troy (1229 BC), which would date Babylon's foundation to 2231 BC. All of these dates place Babylon's foundation in the 23rd century BC; however, since the decipherment of cuneiform in recent centuries, cuneiform records have not been found to correspond with such classical (post-cuneiform) accounts.
Old Babylonian period.
The First Babylonian Dynasty was established by an Amorite chieftain named Sumu-abum in 1894 BC, who declared independence from the neighbouring city-state of Kazallu. The Amorites were, unlike the Sumerians and Akkadian Semites, not native to Mesopotamia, but were semi nomadic West Semitic invaders from the northern Levant. They (together with the Elamites to the east) had originally been prevented from taking control of the Akkadian speaking states of southern Mesopotamia by the intervention of powerful Akkadian speaking Assyrian kings of the Old Assyrian Empire during the 21st and 20th centuries BC, intervening from northern Mesopotamia. However when the Assyrians turned their attention to colonising Asia Minor the Amorites eventually began to supplant native rulers across the region.
Babylon was a minor city state, and controlled little surrounding territory,and it's first three Amorite rulers did not even assume the title of king. It remained overshadowed by older and more powerful states such as Assyria, Elam, Isin and Larsa until it became the capital of Hammurabi's short lived Babylonian Empire a century or so later (r. 1792–1750 BC). Hammurabi is famous for codifying the laws of Babylonia into the "Code of Hammurabi" that has had a lasting influence on legal thought. He conquered all of the cities and city states of southern Mesopotamia, including; Isin, Larsa, Ur, Uruk, Nippur, Lagash, Eridu, Kish, Adab, Eshnunna, Akshak, Akkad, Shuruppak, Bad-tibira, Sippar and Girsu, coalescing them into one kingdom, ruled from Babylon. Hammurabi also invaded and conquered Elam to the east, and the kingdoms of Mari, Syria and Ebla to the north west. After a protracted struggle with the powerful fellow Mesopotamian king Ishme-Dagan of Assyria, he eventually forced his successor to pay tribute late in his reign, thus spreading Babylonian power to Assyria's Hattian and Hurrian colonies in Asia Minor.
Subsequent to the reign of Hammurabi, the whole of southern Mesopotamia came to be known as Babylonia, while the north had centuries before already coalesced into Assyria. From this time, Babylon also assumed the position of the major religious center of Mesopotamia, supplanting the more ancient cities of Nippur and Eridu.
Hammurabi's empire quickly dissolved after his death, the Assyrians defeated and drove out the Babylonians and Amorites, the far south of Mesopotamia broke away, forming the Sealand Dynasty, and the Elamites appropriated territory in eastern Mesopotamia. The Amorite dynasty remained in power in a Babylon which had been reduced to little more than the small city state it had been upon its founding in 1894 BC until 1595 BC when they were overthrown by the invading Indo-European speaking Hittites from Asia Minor.
Following the sack of Babylon by the Hittite Empire, an Indo-European speaking nation in Asia Minor, the Kassites, a people speaking a Language Isolate and hailing from the Zagros Mountains of north western Ancient Iran invaded and took over Babylon, ushering in a dynasty that was to last for 435 years until 1160 BC. The city was renamed Karanduniash during this period.
However, Kassite Babylon eventually became subject to domination by their fellow Mesopotamians of the Middle Assyrian Empire (1365 - 1053 BC) to the north, and Elam to the east, both powers often interfering in, sacking, or controlling Babylon during the Kassite period. The Assyrian king Tukulti-Ninurta I took the throne of Babylon in 1235 BC, becoming the first native Akkadian speaking Mesopotamian to rule there.
It has been estimated that Babylon was the largest city in the world from ca. 1770 to 1670 BC, and again between ca. 612 and 320 BC. It was perhaps the first city to reach a population above 200,000. Estimates for the maximum extent of its size range from 890 to .
By 1155 BC, after continuing attacks and annexing of territory by the Assyrians and Elamites, the Kassites had been deposed from power in Babylon. A native Akkadian speaking south Mesopotamian dynasty then ruled for the first time. However, the Babylonians remained weak and subject to domination by their Assyrian brethren. Their ineffectual kings were unable to prevent new waves of foreign West Semitic settlers in the form of the Arameans, Suteans in the 11th century BC, and finally the Chaldeans in the 10th century BC, entering and appropriating areas of Babylonia for themselves. The Arameans coming to briefly rule in Babylon itself during the late 11th century BC.
Assyrian period.
Throughout the duration of the Neo Assyrian Empire (911–608 BC) Babylonia was under constant Assyrian domination or direct control.
During the reign of Sennacherib of Assyria, Babylonia was in a constant state of revolt, led by a Chaldean chieftain named Merodach-Baladan in alliance with the Elamites, and suppressed only by the complete destruction of the city of Babylon. In 689 BC, its walls, temples and palaces were razed, and the rubble was thrown into the Arakhtu, the sea bordering the earlier Babylon on the south. This act shocked the religious conscience of Mesopotamia; the subsequent murder of Sennacherib by two of his own sons whilst praying to the god Nisroch was held to be in expiation of it, and his successor in Assyria Esarhaddon hastened to rebuild the old city, to receive there his crown, and make it his residence during part of the year. On his death, Babylonia was left to be governed by his elder son, the Assyrian prince Shamash-shum-ukin, who, after becoming infused with Babylonian nationalism, eventually started a civil war in 652 BC against his own brother and master Ashurbanipal, who ruled in Nineveh. Shamash-shum-ukin enlisted the help of other peoples subject to Assyria, including Elam, the Chaldeans and Suteans of southern Mesopotamia, and the Arabs dwelling in the deserts south of Mesopotamia.
Once again, Babylon was besieged by the Assyrians, starved into surrender and its allies violently crushed. Ashurbanipal purified the city and celebrated a "service of reconciliation", but did not venture to "take the hands" of Bel. An Assyrian governor named Kandalanu was entrusted with ruling the city. After the death of Ashurbanipal, the Assyrian empire began to unravel due to a series of bitter internal civil wars. Three more Assyrian kings Ashur-etil-ilani, Sin-shumu-lishir and finally Sin-shar-ishkun were to rule. However, eventually Babylon, like many other parts of the near east, took advantage of the anarchy within Assyria to free itself from Assyrian rule. In the subsequent overthrow of the Assyrian Empire by an alliance of peoples, the Babylonians saw another example of divine vengeance. (Albert Houtum-Schindler, "Babylon," "Encyclopædia Britannica", 11th ed.)
Neo-Babylonian Chaldean Empire.
Under Nabopolassar, a Chaldean king, Babylon eventually threw off Assyrian rule, and in an alliance with Cyaxares, king of the Medes and Persians together with the Scythians and Cimmerians, the Assyrian Empire was finally destroyed between 612 BC and 605 BC. Babylon thus became the capital of the Neo-Babylonian (sometimes and possibly erroneously called Chaldean) Empire.
With the recovery of Babylonian independence, a new era of architectural activity ensued, and his son Nebuchadnezzar II (604–561 BC) made Babylon into one of the wonders of the ancient world. Nebuchadnezzar ordered the complete reconstruction of the imperial grounds, including rebuilding the Etemenanki ziggurat and the construction of the Ishtar Gate – the most spectacular of eight gates that ringed the perimeter of Babylon. A reconstruction of The Ishtar Gate is located in the Pergamon Museum in Berlin. All that was ever found of the Original Ishtar gate was the foundation and scattered bricks.
Nebuchadnezzar is also credited with the construction of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon (one of the seven wonders of the ancient world), said to have been built for his homesick wife Amyitis. Whether the gardens did exist is a matter of dispute. Although excavations by German archaeologist Robert Koldewey are thought to reveal its foundations, many historians disagree about the location, and some believe it may have been confused with gardens in the Assyrian capital, Nineveh.
Chaldean rule did not last long and it is not clear if Neriglissar and Labashi-Marduk were Chaldeans or native Babylonians, and the last ruler Nabonidus (556–539 BC) and his son and regent Belshazzar were Assyrians from Harran.
Persia captures Babylon.
In 539 BC, the Neo-Babylonian Empire fell to Cyrus the Great, king of Persia, with a military engagement known as the Battle of Opis. The famed walls of Babylon were indeed impenetrable, with the only way into the city through one of its many gates or through the Euphrates, which ebbed beneath its thick walls. Metal gates at the river's in-flow and out-flow prevented underwater intruders, if one could hold one's breath to reach them. Cyrus (or his generals) devised a plan to use the Euphrates as the mode of entry to the city, ordering large camps of troops at each point and instructed them to wait for the signal. Awaiting an evening of a national feast among Babylonians (generally thought to refer to the feast of Belshazzar mentioned in Daniel V), Cyrus' troops diverted the Euphrates river upstream, causing the Euphrates to drop to about 'mid thigh level on a man' or to dry up altogether. The soldiers marched under the walls through the lowered water. The Persian army conquered the outlying areas of the city's interior while a majority of Babylonians at the city center were oblivious to the breach. The account was elaborated upon by Herodotus, and is also mentioned by passages in the Hebrew Bible.
Cyrus later issued a decree permitting captive people, including the Jews, to return to their own land (as explained in 2 Chronicles 36), to allow their temple to be rebuilt back in Jerusalem.
Under Cyrus and the subsequent Persian king Darius the Great, Babylon became the capital city of the 9th Satrapy (Babylonia in the south and Athura in the north), as well as a centre of learning and scientific advancement. In Achaemenid Persia, the ancient Babylonian arts of astronomy and mathematics were revitalised and flourished, and Babylonian scholars completed maps of constellations. The city was the administrative capital of the Persian Empire, the preeminent power of the then known world, and it played a vital part in the history of that region for over two centuries. Many important archaeological discoveries have been made that can provide a better understanding of that era.
The early Persian kings had attempted to maintain the religious ceremonies of Marduk, but by the reign of Darius III, over-taxation and the strains of numerous wars led to a deterioration of Babylon's main shrines and canals, and the disintegration of the surrounding region. There were numerous attempts at rebellion and in 522 BC (Nebuchadnezzar III), 521 BC (Nebuchadnezzar IV) and 482 BC (Bel-shimani and Shamash-eriba) native Babylonian kings briefly regained independence. However these revolts were relatively swiftly repressed and the land and city of Babylon remained solidly under Persian rule for two centuries, until Alexander the Great's entry in 331 BC.
Hellenistic period.
In 331 BC, Darius III, the last Achaemenid king of the Persian Empire was defeated by the forces of the Ancient Macedonian Greek ruler Alexander the Great at the Battle of Gaugamela, and in October, Babylon fell to the young conqueror. A native account of this invasion notes a ruling by Alexander not to enter the homes of its inhabitants.
Under Alexander, Babylon again flourished as a centre of learning and commerce. But following Alexander's death in 323 BC in the palace of Nebuchadnezzar, his empire was divided amongst his generals, the Diadochi, and decades of fighting soon began, with Babylon once again caught in the middle.
The constant turmoil virtually emptied the city of Babylon. A tablet dated 275 BC states that the inhabitants of Babylon were transported to Seleucia, where a palace was built, as well as a temple given the ancient name of Esagila. With this deportation, the history of Babylon comes practically to an end, though more than a century later, it was found that sacrifices were still performed in its old sanctuary. By 141 BC, when the Parthian Empire took over the region, Babylon was in complete desolation and obscurity.
Persian Empire period.
Under the Parthian, and later, Sassanid Persians, Babylon (like Assyria) remained a province of the Persian Empire for nine centuries, until after 650 AD. It continued to have its own culture and people, who spoke varieties of Aramaic, and who continued to refer to their homeland as Babylon. Some examples of their cultural products are often found in the Babylonian Talmud, the Gnostic Mandaean religion, Eastern Rite Christianity and the religion of the prophet Mani. Christianity came to Mesopotamia in the 1st and 2nd centuries AD, and Babylon was the seat of a Bishop of the Church of the East until well after the Arab/Islamic conquest.
Muslim Conquest.
In the mid 7th century AD Mesopotamia was invaded and settled by the expanding Muslim Empire. A period of "Islamification" followed. Babylon was dissolved as a province and Aramaic and Church of the East Christianity eventually became marginalised, although both still exist today (more so however among the Assyrians of northern Iraq) as does Mandeanism. A Babylonian/Mesopotamian/Assyrian identity is still espoused by the ethnically indigenous Mesopotamian and Eastern Aramaic speaking members of the Chaldean Catholic Church and Assyrian Church of the East to this day.
Biblical narrative.
In Genesis 10:10, Babel (Babylon) is described as a neighboring city of Uruk, Akkad and Kalneh, in Shinar.
Babylon appears throughout the Hebrew Bible, including descriptions of the Babylonian Captivity, and also features prominently in several prophecies. The New Testament Book of Revelation refers to Babylon many centuries after it ceased to be a major political center and some scholars believe it to be the use of Apocalyptic literature to refer to the Roman Empire.
Archaeology.
The site at Babylon consists of a number of mounds covering an oblong area roughly 2 kilometers by 1 kilometer, oriented north to south. The site is bounded by the Euphrates River on the west, and by the remains of the ancient city walls otherwise. Originally, the Euphrates roughly bisected the city, as is common in the region, but the river has since shifted its course so that much of the remains on the former western part of the city are now inundated. Some portions of the city wall to the west of the river also remain. Several of the sites mounds are more prominent.
These include:
Occupation at the site dates back to the late 3rd millennium, finally achieving prominence in the early 2nd millennium under the First Babylonian Dynasty and again later in the millennium under the Kassite dynasty of Babylon. Unfortunately, almost nothing from that period has been recovered at the site of Babylon. First, the water table in the region has risen greatly over the centuries and artifacts from the time before the Neo-Babylonian Empire are unavailable to current standard archaeological methods. Secondly, the Neo-Babylonians conducted massive rebuilding projects in the city which destroyed or obscured much of the earlier record. Third, much of the western half of the city is now under the Euphrates River. Fourth, Babylon has been sacked a number of times, most notably by the Hittites and Elamites in the 2nd millennium, then by the Neo-Assyrian Empire and the Achaemenid Empire in the 1st millennium, after the Babylonians had revolted against their rule. Lastly, the site has been long mined for building materials on a commercial scale.
While knowledge of early Babylon must be pieced together from epigraphic remains found elsewhere, such as at Uruk, Nippur, and Haradum, information on the Neo-Babylonian city is available from archaeological excavations and from classical sources. Babylon was described, perhaps even visited, by a number of classical historians including Ctesias, Herodotus, Quintus Curtius Rufus, Strabo, and Cleitarchus. These reports are of variable accuracy and some political spin is involved but still provide useful data.
The first reported archaeological excavation of Babylon was conducted by Claudius James Rich in 1811–12 and again in 1817. Robert Mignan excavated at the site briefly in 1827. William Loftus visited there in 1849.
Austen Henry Layard made some soundings during a brief visit in 1850 before abandoning the site. Fulgence Fresnel and Julius Oppert heavily excavated Babylon from 1852 to 1854. Unfortunately, much of the result of their work was lost when a raft containing over forty crates of artifacts sank into the Tigris river.
Henry Creswicke Rawlinson and George Smith worked there briefly in 1854. The next excavation, a major one, was conducted by Hormuzd Rassam on behalf of the British Museum. Work began in 1879, continuing until 1882, and was prompted by widespread looting occurring at the site. Using industrial scale digging in search of artifacts, Rassam recovered a large quantity of cuneiform tablets and other finds. The zealous excavation methods, common in those days, caused much damage to the archaeological context.
A team from the German Oriental Society led by Robert Koldewey conducted the first scientific archaeological excavations at Babylon. The work was conducted every year between 1899 and 1917 until World War I intruded. Primary efforts of the dig involved the temple of Marduk and the processional way leading up to it, as well as the city wall. Hundreds of recovered tablets, as well as the noted Ishtar Gate were sent back to Germany.
Further work by the German Archaeological Institute was conducted by Heinrich J. Lenzen in 1956 and Hansjörg Schmid 1962. The work by Lenzen dealt primarily with the Hellenistic theatre and by Schmid with the temple ziggurat Etemenanki.
In more recent times, the site of Babylon was excavated by G. Bergamini on behalf of the Centro Scavi di Torino per il Medio Oriente e l'Asia and the Iraqi-Italian Institute of Archaeological Sciences. This work began with a season of excavation in 1974 followed by a topographical survey in 1977. The focus was on clearing up issues raised by re-examination of the old German data.
After a decade, Bergamini returned to the site in 1987–1989. The work concentrated on the area surrounding the Ishara and Ninurta temples in the Shu-Anna city-quarter of Babylon.
It should be noted that during the restoration efforts in Babylon, some amount of excavation and room clearing has been done by the Iraqi State Organization for Antiquities and Heritage. Given the conditions in that country the last few decades, publication of archaeological activities has been understandably sparse at best.
Reconstruction.
In 1983, Saddam Hussein started rebuilding the city on top of the old ruins (because of this, artifacts and other finds may well be under the city by now), investing in both restoration and new construction. He inscribed his name on many of the bricks in imitation of Nebuchadnezzar. One frequent inscription reads: "This was built by Saddam Hussein, son of Nebuchadnezzar, to glorify Iraq". This recalls the ziggurat at Ur, where each individual brick was stamped with "Ur-Nammu, king of Ur, who built the temple of Nanna". These bricks became sought after as collectors' items after the downfall of Hussein, and the ruins are no longer being restored to their original state. He also installed a huge portrait of himself and Nebuchadnezzar at the entrance to the ruins, and shored up Processional Way, a large boulevard of ancient stones, and the Lion of Babylon, a black rock sculpture about 2,600 years old.
When the Gulf War ended, Saddam wanted to build a modern palace, also over some old ruins; it was made in the pyramidal style of a Sumerian ziggurat. He named it Saddam Hill. In 2003, he was ready to begin the construction of a cable car line over Babylon when the invasion began and halted the project.
An article published in April 2006 states that UN officials and Iraqi leaders have plans for restoring Babylon, making it into a cultural center.
As of May 2009, the provincial government of Babil has reopened the site to tourism.
Effects of the U.S. military.
US forces under the command of General James T. Conway of the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force were criticized for building the military base "Camp Alpha", comprising among other facilities a helipad, on ancient Babylonian ruins following the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
US forces have occupied the site for some time and have caused irreparable damage to the archaeological record. In a report of the British Museum's Near East department, Dr. John Curtis describes how parts of the archaeological site were levelled to create a landing area for helicopters, and parking lots for heavy vehicles. Curtis wrote that the occupation forces
A US Military spokesman claimed that engineering operations were discussed with the "head of the Babylon museum".
The head of the Iraqi State Board for Heritage and Antiquities, Donny George, said that the "mess will take decades to sort out". In April 2006, Colonel John Coleman, former Chief of Staff for the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, offered to issue an apology for the damage done by military personnel under his command. However he claimed that the US presence had deterred far greater damage from other looters.
Babylon in popular culture.
Due to the importance of Babylon in its time as well as the stories in the Bible the word "Babylon" in various languages has acquired a generic meaning of a large, bustling diverse city. As such, the word "Babylon" is used for various entertainment events or buildings. For example, sci-fi series "Babylon 5" tells a tale of a multi-racial future space station. Babilonas (Lithuanian name for "Babylon") is also a name for a major real estate development in Lithuania.
In reggae music the term Babylon is often used since it is an important concept in the rastafarian belief system, denoting the profane materialistic capitalist world.

</doc>
<doc id="20609637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609637" title="Blackfriars School">
Blackfriars School

Blackfriars School is a special school of approximately 200 pupils, covering an age range of 5 to 19, with a range of physical, learning, medical and sensory needs who come from North and Central Staffordshire and the Unitary Authority of Stoke-on-Trent. The school consists of two sites, one of these is the school which is based in Newcastle-Under-Lyme, Staffordshire, England and educates pupils aged between 5 and 16. The Further Education site is based in Bucknall, Stoke-on-Trent and caters for students aged between 16 and 19 years old.
History.
Since it opened in September 1960, the school has won various accolades and has a long record of pioneering partnerships. These include being granted High Performing Specialist Status in February 2006. One of the first Beacon Schools, the school is also part of the Leading Edge Partnership programme. It is also integrated into the community thanks to its Technology College status. The school also enjoys a close working relationship with Madeley High School and a number of local primary schools.
Aims of the school.
In its prospectus, the school states its aims which are as follows:
Staffing.
The school and FE site both have great teams of staff. These consist of teachers, teaching assistants, physiotherapists, speech therapists, medical and social agencies and ancillary staff.
Facilities.
Both of the school's sites host a wide range of facilities which enable the pupils to reach their full potential. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="20609642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609642" title="Tim Slyfield">
Tim Slyfield

Timothy "Tim" James Slyfield (born 30 January 1975 in Howick, New Zealand) is a New Zealand judoka who won a bronze medal in the 64–69 kg (half-middleweight) division at the 2002 Commonwealth Games. 
He represented New Zealand in the 2000 Summer Olympics at Sydney.
References.
"Tim Slyfield" on the New Zealand Olympic Committee website 
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20609643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609643" title="Dermot Moran">
Dermot Moran

Dermot Moran is an Irish philosopher specialising in phenomenology and in medieval philosophy and also active in the dialogue between analytic and continental philosophy. He is currently Professor of Philosophy (Metaphysics and Logic) at University College Dublin. He previously taught at St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, Queen's University of Belfast, and Yale University. He has served as a visiting professor of philosophy in many universities around the world, including Rice University, Sorbonne, University at Albany, SUNY, Catholic University of Leuven, Trinity College Dublin, Connecticut College, Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and Northwestern University. He has been an elected member of the Royal Irish Academy since March 2003 and has been involved in the Fédération Internationale des Sociétés de Philosophie, the highest non-governmental world organisation for philosophy, since the 1980s. He is the Founding Editor of International Journal of Philosophical Studies, founded in 1993 and published by Routledge, and co-editor of Contributions To Phenomenology book series, published by Springer. His monograph Introduction to Phenomenology was awarded the Edward Goodwin Ballard Prize in Phenomenology (2001) and was translated into Chinese. A Turkish translation of the book is in preparation. Moran has also been elected President of the Programme Committee for the 23rd World Congress of Philosophy which is scheduled to take place in Athens from 4–10 August 2013.
Biography.
Dermot Moran was born in Stillorgan, Dublin, Ireland. He was educated at Oatlands College, Primary and Secondary Schools where he specialised in the sciences but was also active in debating in English and Irish. He was awarded the Higgins Gold Medal for Chemistry there in 1968 and the Institute of Chemists of Ireland Gold Medal for Chemistry in 1970. He is a published poet and was awarded the Irish Press New Irish Writing literary award for his poetry. Having studied mathematics, applied mathematics, physics and chemistry for the Leaving Certificate examination he decided to study languages and literature in university. He entered University College Dublin in 1970 on the basis of a UCD Entrance Scholarship and completed his BA in 1973, graduating with a Double First Class Honours Degree in English and Philosophy. He was the recipient of Wilmarth Lewis Scholarship to Yale University for graduate study. He graduated from Yale University with MA (1974), MPhil (1976) and PhD (1986) degrees in Philosophy. He then returned to Ireland to take up a post at Queen's University of Belfast. He taught at Queen's Belfast from 1979 to 1982 and then moved to a permanent lectureship in St Patrick's College Maynooth, then a Recognised College of the National University of Ireland. In 1989 he was appointed to the Chair of Philosophy (Metaphysics and Logic) in University College Dublin. In 1992–1993 he was Distinguished Visiting Professor at Connecticut College and in Fall 2003 and Spring 2006 he was Lynette S. Autry Professor of Humanities at Rice University. In 2007 he was Visiting Professor at Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois. In 2010 he was guest Professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong for the Edwin Cheng Foundation Summer School in Phenomenology.

</doc>
<doc id="20609646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609646" title="Wookiee">
Wookiee

Wookiees are a fictional species of bipeds in the "Star Wars" universe. The most notable Wookiee is Chewbacca, a companion to Han Solo.
Inspiration.
According to an interview with creator George Lucas, the inspiration for the Wookiee was Lucas' dog, Indiana (whose name is used in the Lucas-inspired Indiana Jones movies). "He was the prototype for the Wookiee. He always sat beside me in the car. He was big, a big bear of a dog." During the climactic chase scene in "THX 1138", one of the robotic cops, voiced by actor Terry McGovern, says: "I think I ran over a Wookiee back there", and thus the word was born.
In one episode of Animal Planet's series "Animal Icons", focusing on the creation of "Star Wars" figures, it was revealed that the Wookiees were also based on orangutans and lemurs. With the orangutan and lemur as a reference, they found it possible to have a long-haired creature in a warm forest climate. The net effect in terms of the Wookiees' appearance is a marked resemblance to descriptions of the legendary Sasquatch of the Pacific Northwest.
Depiction.
Physical characteristics.
Adult Wookiees are typically taller than most humans, averaging 2.1 meters (6'11"). They possess enormous strength; Solo states that a Wookiee can pull a man's arms out of his sockets if angered or slighted, and in books and comics no humanoid species is shown to equal a Wookiee in pure strength. Wookiees have a keen sense of smell, are fully covered with a thick coat of hair, though they are susceptible to androgenic alopecia, have good hand-eye coordination and are shown to be excellent marksmen. Wookiees have been shown in many diverse environments, such as those of Hoth, Tatooine and Endor, never wearing any protective clothing or showing any signs of discomfort. Wookiees have a lifespan of several hundred years.
Wookiees also possess retractable claws, the better to aid them in climbing the great trees of their homelands. However, it is considered very dishonorable to use them as weapons in a fight (explaining why Chewbacca was never seen using them in the films). Those who do use them in combat are dubbed "madclaws" and are exiled from their community. Their leaping and movement ability in arboreal regions is shown to be comparable to that of many tree-dwelling primates, and presumably comes with a lack of fear of heights and excellent natural balance.
Behavior.
Wookiees are devoted, loyal friends and are very distrustful of strangers.
Life debt is sacred to Wookiees. 
Despite a fearsome appearance and temperamental disposition, Wookiees are shown to be very intelligent and are very adept at handling advanced technology. Chewbacca is co-pilot of and performs maintenance on the "Millennium Falcon", and also possessed a working knowledge of robotics, managing to rather haphazardly reassemble C-3PO after the latter was destroyed by Imperial Stormtroopers. Wookiees are fast learners; Chewbacca commandeers an Imperial AT-ST during the Battle of Endor and is shown effectively maneuvering the machine and operating its weapons systems. They are masters of fusion-cutting.
Wookiees greatly value morality, courage, compassion and loyalty. A sacred and ancient Wookiee tradition is that of the honor family. An honor family comprises a Wookiee's closest friends and companions. These family members pledge a commitment to lay down their lives for one another, as well as members of any honor families these individuals may have. Like the similarly sacred Wookiee life debt, Wookiees are willing to extend this tradition to members outside their species. Chewbacca considered Han Solo, Leia Organa Solo, their children, and Luke Skywalker part of his honor family.
Wookiees have an understanding of "Star Wars"–universe warfare and fought alongside Republic Forces during the Clone Wars. Wookiees were betrayed and enslaved shortly after that conflict.
Some Wookiees are sensitive to the Force. One such Wookiee is Lowbacca, Chewbacca's nephew, from the book series "Young Jedi Knights".
Language.
The Wookiee language is Shyriiwook. Wookiees are capable of understanding , but generally none are able to speak it because of the structure of Wookiee vocal cords. In the original "Star Wars" trilogy, it seems that Chewbacca can understand humans. His human partner, Han Solo, also shows knowledge of Shyriiwook, or can at least understand Chewbacca. In the Expanded Universe novels, Chewbacca builds a miniature translator droid ("Em Teedee") for his nephew Lowbacca when the latter begins training as a Jedi, to facilitate communications with his fellow student.
Bowcasters.
Bowcasters are weapons developed and used by Wookiees. Bowcasters launch "quarrels," which are crossbow bolts that through magnetic propulsion appear as elongated blaster bolts due to the velocity of the bolts. The propulsion technique gives the quarrels extremely high stopping power. Wookiees can load their bowcasters with both standard and explosive-tipped quarrels. The spring that powers the bowcaster is extremely hard to pull back; humans are generally incapable of cocking a bowcaster, although some exceptions do exist, including Jedi Knight Kyle Katarn. Some Wookiees were known to have added extra springs for multiple shots, and during the Imperial occupation of Kashyyyk, Wookiees bolted on E-11 blaster rifles to the bottom of the bowcaster for extra firepower.
Home world.
In ' the Wookiees live in the lush forests and giant jungles on the planet of Kashyyyk, where they originated. They live in villages among the giant wroshyr trees. George Lucas has said that he originally planned Yavin IV, home of the rebel base in ', to be the Wookiee home planet, but subsequent rewrites changed this to Kashyyyk instead, and it was ultimately shown on screen as the setting for a battle in "Episode III". In the video game "Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic", Kashyyyk is one of the planets which may be traveled to. It shows the Wookiees' homes in the treetops while the ground level is filled with deadly creatures and mysteries. Kashyyyk first appeared onscreen in "Star Wars Holiday Special".
Kashyyyk is a world enveloped in immense forests and beaches. Inland, the trees are so tall and dense that a layered ecosystem has evolved within its branches. The closer one gets to the forest floor, the more dangerous and primeval the environment becomes. Wookiees inhabit the upper levels of the forest, having built their massive cities within the interwoven canopy. The Wookiee city of Thikkiiana was one of the key manufacturers of sophisticated computer components in the New Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="20609652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609652" title="Jean II Restout">
Jean II Restout

Jean II Restout (26 March 1692 – 1 January 1768) was a French painter, whose late baroque classicism rendered his altarpieces, such as the "Death of Saint Scholastica" an "isolated achievement" that ran counter to his rococo contemporaries.
Biography.
Jean Restout was born in Rouen, the son of Jean I Restout and Marie M. Jouvenet, sister and pupil of the then well-known painter Jean Jouvenet. 
In 1717, the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture having elected him a member on his work for the Prix de Rome, he remained in Paris, instead of proceeding to Italy, exhibited at all the salons, and filled successively every post of academical distinction. His works, chiefly altar-pieces (Louvre Museum), ceilings and designs for Gobelin tapestries, were engraved by Charles-Nicolas Cochin, Drevet and others.
His son, Jean-Bernard Restout (1732–1797), won the Prix de Rome in 1758, and on his return from Italy was received into the Academy; but his refusal to comply with rules led to a quarrel with that body. Roland appointed him keeper of the Garde Meuble, but this piece of favor nearly cost him his life during the Terror.

</doc>
<doc id="20609678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609678" title="Ballechin">
Ballechin

Ballechin is an estate in Logierait parish, Perthshire, Scotland located 3 miles west north-west of Ballinluig junction. The main residence on the estate is Ballechin House. Ballechin distillery operated between 1810 and 1927 and was one of seven original farm distilleries operating in Perthshire. Out of these seven, Edradour is the only one remaining. Since 2002, Edradour have resurrected the Ballechin brand of whisky.
Later in life the distillery was operated by the Robertson Family and supplied a large range of customers both locally and to wine merchants in Edinburgh and Glasgow. The distillery eventually closed due to the diversion of the water source.

</doc>
<doc id="20609683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609683" title="Bavšica">
Bavšica

Bavšica () is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It lies in a glacial valley below Mount Bavšica Grintovec () in the Julian Alps.
The valley also hosts the Bavšica Hiking Training Center () (PUS Bavšica) the main educational center of the Alpine Association of Slovenia.
Name.
Bavšica was attested in written sources in 1763–87 as "Bauschiza". The name is derived from the Slovene common noun "balha" (dialect "baha") 'matgrass', referring to the local vegetation. A less likely explanation is that the name is derived from the adjective "*balh" 'whitish, pale'.

</doc>
<doc id="20609695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609695" title="Jean I Restout">
Jean I Restout

Jean Restout (15 November 1666, Caen – 20 October 1702, Rouen) was a French painter and part of the Restout dynasty of painters, studying under his father Marguerin Restout. He is also known as Jean I Restout or Jean Restout the elder to distinguish him from his son Jean II Restout, also an artist.
He married Magdeleine Jouvenet, sister of Jean Jouvenet, and his style resembles that of his brother-in-law so closely that many of Restout's paintings are misattributed to Jouvenet.

</doc>
<doc id="20609697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609697" title="Pork">
Pork

Pork is the culinary name for meat from the domestic pig ("Sus domesticus"). It is one of the most commonly consumed meats worldwide, with evidence of pig husbandry dating back to 5000 BC.
Pork is eaten both freshly cooked and preserved. Curing extends the shelf life of the pork products. Hams, smoked pork, gammon, bacon and sausage are examples of preserved pork. Charcuterie is the branch of cooking devoted to prepared meat products, many from pork.
Pork is a popular meat in the Western world, and is very common in Chinese cuisine. The religions of Judaism and Islam, as well as several Christian denominations, forbid pork. It remains illegal in several Muslim countries. Raw or undercooked pork may contain trichinosis, but advances in food hygiene have caused a decrease in cases.
History.
The pig is one of the oldest forms of livestock, having been domesticated as early as 5000 BC. It is believed to have been domesticated either in the Near East or in China from the wild boar. The adaptable nature and omnivorous diet of this creature allowed early humans to domesticate it much earlier than many other forms of livestock, such as cattle. Pigs were mostly used for food, but people also used their hides for shields and shoes, their bones for tools and weapons, and their bristles for brushes. Pigs have other roles within the human economy: their feeding behaviour in searching for roots churns up the ground and makes it easier to plough; their sensitive noses lead them to truffles, an underground fungus highly valued by humans; and their omnivorous nature enables them to eat human rubbish, keeping settlements cleaner.
Charcuterie is the branch of cooking devoted to prepared meat products such as bacon, ham, sausage, "terrines", "galantines", "pâtés", and "confit", primarily from pork. Originally intended as a way to preserve meats before the advent of refrigeration, these preparations are prepared today for the flavours that are derived from the preservation processes. In 15th century France, local guilds regulated tradesmen in the food production industry in each city. The guilds that produced "charcuterie" were those of the "charcutiers". The members of this guild produced a traditional range of cooked or salted and dried meats, which varied, sometimes distinctively, from region to region. The only "raw" meat the "charcutiers" were allowed to sell was unrendered lard. The "charcutier" prepared numerous items, including "pâtés", "rillettes", sausages, bacon, trotters, and head cheese.
Before the mass production and re-engineering of pork in the 20th century, pork in Europe and North America was traditionally an autumn dish — pigs and other livestock coming to the slaughter in the autumn after growing in the spring and fattening during the summer. Due to the seasonal nature of the meat in Western culinary history, apples (harvested in late summer and autumn) have been a staple pairing to fresh pork. The year-round availability of meat and fruits has not diminished the popularity of this combination on Western plates.
Consumption patterns.
Pork is one of the most widely eaten meats in the world, accounting for about 38% of meat production worldwide, although consumption varies widely from place to place.
According to the USDA's Foreign Agricultural Service, nearly 100 million metric tons of pork were consumed worldwide in 2006 (preliminary data). Increasing urbanization and disposable income has led to a rapid rise in pork consumption in China, where 2006 consumption was 20% higher than in 2002, and a further 5% increase projected in 2007.
Asian pork consumption.
Pork is popular throughout eastern Asia and the Pacific, where whole roast pig is a popular item in Pacific Island cuisine. It is consumed in a great many ways and highly esteemed in Chinese cuisine. There, pork is preferred over beef for economic and aesthetic reasons; the pig is easy to feed and is not used for labour. The colours of the meat and the fat of pork are regarded as more appetizing, while the taste and smell are described as sweeter and cleaner. It is also considered easier to digest. In rural tradition, pork is shared to celebrate important occasion and to form bonding. In China, pork is so important that the nation maintains a "strategic pork reserve".
"Feijoada", the national dish of Brazil (also served in Portugal), is prepared with pork trimmings: ears, tail and feet.
Pork products.
Pork may be cooked from fresh meat or cured over time. Cured meat products include ham and bacon. The carcass may be used in many different ways for fresh meat cuts, with the popularity of certain cuts and certain carcass proportions varying worldwide.
Fresh meat.
Most of the carcass can be used to produce fresh meat and in the case of a suckling pig, the whole body of a young pig ranging in age from two to six weeks is roasted. Danish roast pork or "flæskesteg", prepared with crispy crackling is a national favourite as the traditional Christmas dinner.
Processed pork.
Pork is particularly common as an ingredient in sausages. Many traditional European sausages are made with pork, including chorizo, fuet, Cumberland sausage and salami. Many brands of American hot dogs and most breakfast sausages are made from pork. Processing of pork into sausages and other products in France is described as charcuterie.
Ham and bacon are made from fresh pork by curing with salt (pickling) and/or smoking. Shoulders and legs are most commonly cured in this manner for Picnic shoulder and ham, whereas streaky and round bacon come from the side (round from the loin and streaky from the belly).
Ham and bacon are popular foods in the west, and their consumption has increased with industrialisation. Non-western cuisines also use preserved meat products. For example, salted preserved pork or red roasted pork is used in Chinese and Asian cuisine.
Bacon is defined as any of certain cuts of meat taken from the sides, belly or back that have been cured and/or smoked. In continental Europe, it is used primarily in cubes (lardons) as a cooking ingredient valued both as a source of fat and for its flavour. In Italy, besides being used in cooking, bacon ("pancetta") is also served uncooked and thinly sliced as part of an "antipasto". Bacon is also used for barding roasts, especially game birds. Bacon is often smoked, using various types of wood, a process which can take up to ten hours. Bacon may be eaten fried, baked, or grilled.
A side of unsliced bacon is a "flitch" or "slab bacon", while an individual slice of bacon is a "rasher" (Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom) or simply a "slice" or "strip" (North America). Slices of bacon are also known as "collops". Traditionally, the skin is left on the cut and is known as "bacon rind". Rindless bacon, however, is quite common. In both Ireland and the United Kingdom, bacon comes in a wide variety of cuts and flavours, and is predominantly known as "streaky bacon", or "streaky rashers". Bacon made from the meat on the back of the pig is referred to as "back bacon" and is part of traditional full breakfast commonly eaten in Britain and Ireland. In the United States, back bacon may also be referred to as "Canadian-style Bacon" or "Canadian Bacon".
The USDA defines bacon as "the cured belly of a swine carcass", while other cuts and characteristics must be separately qualified (e.g. "smoked pork loin bacon"). "USDA Certified" bacon means that it has been treated for "Trichinella".
The canned meat Spam is made of chopped pork shoulder meat and ham.
Cuts.
The pig is well known for being able to be used from nose-to-tail. There are different systems of naming for cuts in America, Britain and France.
Nutrition.
Its myoglobin content is lower than that of beef, but much higher than that of chicken. The USDA treats pork as a red meat. Pork is very high in thiamin (vitamin B1). Pork with its fat trimmed is leaner than the meat of most domesticated animals, but is high in cholesterol and saturated fat.
In 1987 the U.S. National Pork Board began an advertising campaign to position pork as "the other white meat" — due to a public perception of chicken and turkey (white meat) as healthier than red meat. The campaign was highly successful and resulted in 87% of consumers identifying pork with the slogan. The board retired the slogan on March 4, 2011.
Religious restrictions.
Eating of pork is prohibited by orthodox Jewish dietary laws and Islamic dietary laws, and is also avoided by mainstream Seventh-day Adventists, Rastafarians, and members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. It is considered unclean by some adherents of Hinduism, but the (disputed) Scottish pork taboo disappeared by 1800.
Judaism.
Pork is a well-known example of a non-kosher food. This prohibition is based on Leviticus chapter 11 and Deuteronomy chapter 14:
As indicated by the Torah verses, pork is non-kosher because Jews may not consume an animal that possesses one trait but not the other of cloven hooves and regurgitating cud. Hogs, which are not ruminants, do not chew cud as cattle and sheep do.
In Israel pig-raising has been limited by law to certain areas and institutions. Some pig-related laws are openly circumvented. Swine production has increased from an estimated annual slaughter of 50,000 swine in 1960 to 180,000 in 2010. Pigmeat consumption per capita was 2.7 kg in 2009. Although pork marketing is prohibited in some religious localities, pork products are available elsewhere at non-kosher butchers and by the Mizra and Tiv Ta'am non-kosher supermarket chain which caters to Russian immigrants. A modern Hebrew euphemism for pork is "white meat".
Islam.
Pork is prohibited by the Islamic dietary laws. Throughout the Islamic world many countries severely restrict the importation or consumption of pork products. Examples are Iran, Mauritania, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Pakistan and Maldives. However, in other Muslim countries such as Egypt, Turkey, Malaysia and parts of the UAE such as Dubai, pork is available in international hotels and some supermarkets that cater for expatriates and non-Muslims.
The Qur'anic basis for the Islamic prohibition of pork can be found in suras 2:173, 5:3, 5:60, 6:145 and 16:115.
Chapter (Sura) 2 - Verse (Ayat) 173 Al-Baqara (The Cow)
""He has forbidden you only the Maitah (dead animals), and blood, and the flesh of swine, and that which is slaughtered as a sacrifice for others than Allah. But if one is forced by necessity, without wilful disobedience, nor transgressing due limits, then there is no sin on him. Truly, Allah is Oft-forgiving Most Merciful.""
Disease in pork.
Pork is known to carry some diseases such as pork tapeworm and trichinosis, thus uncooked or undercooked pork can be dangerous to consume.
Undercooked or untreated pork may harbour pathogens, or can be recontaminated after cooking if left exposed for a long period of time. In one instance, the Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) detected "Listeria monocytogenes" in 460 lbs of Polidori brand fully cooked pork sausage crumbles, although no one was made ill from consumption of the product. The FSIS has previously stated "Listeria" and other microorganisms will be "destroyed by proper handling and thorough cooking to an internal temperature of " and that other microorganisms, such as "E. coli", "Salmonella", and "Staphylococcus aureus" can be found in inadequately cooked pork, poultry, and other meats. The FSIS, a part of the USDA, currently recommends cooking ground pork to and whole cuts to followed by a 3-minute rest.
Pigs can be carriers of various helminths, such as roundworms, pinworms, hookworms. One of the more common is "Taenia solium", a type of tapeworm, which may transplant to the intestines of humans after consuming undercooked meat.
Although not a common cause of illness, "Yersinia enterocolitica" – which causes gastroenteritis – is present in various foods, but is most frequently caused by eating uncooked or undercooked pork and can grow in refrigerated conditions. The bacteria can be killed by heat. Nearly all outbreaks in the US have been traced to pork.
Pork may be the reservoir responsible for sporadic, locally acquired cases of acute "hepatitis E" (HEV) reported in regions with relatively mild climates. It has been found to transmit between swine and humans.
Trichinosis, also called trichinellosis, or trichiniasis, is a parasitic disease caused by eating raw or undercooked pork infected with the larvae of a species of roundworm "Trichinella spiralis", commonly called the trichina worm. Infection was once very common, but is now rare in the developed world. From 2002 to 2007, an annual average of 11 cases per year were reported in the United States; the majority were from consuming wild game or the source was unknown. The number of cases has decreased because of legislation prohibiting the feeding of raw meat garbage to hogs, increased commercial and home freezing of pork, and the public awareness of the danger of eating raw or undercooked pork or wild game products.

</doc>
<doc id="20609707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609707" title="Caledonia Together">
Caledonia Together

Caledonia Together () is a New Caledonian political party established on 14 October 2008 as a split from Future Together led by Philippe Gomès. It is centrist and it is opposed to independence.
Future Together, a centrist party founded in 2004 split in 2008. This split started in the 2007 legislative election, when Gomès ran in New Caledonia's 1st constituency despite Didier Leroux being supposed to run. Though both ran, and both polled 14%, they got third and fourth leaving the RPCR candidate Gaël Yanno against the candidate of the nationalist FLNKS, which Yanno easily defeated. Martin was also defeated running the New Caledonia's 2nd constituency. Poor results in the 2008 local elections, including the capital, Nouméa, precipitated an open split between Gomès on one side and Martin-Leroux on the other. In 2008, Gomès and 12 Future Together Congressmen and women (including Thémereau) formed Caledonia Together. 
In the 2009 provincial elections, the party placed second, ahead of Future Together but behind The Rally-UMP, and won 14.80% and 10 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20609722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609722" title="Édouard Frère">
Édouard Frère

Édouard Frère (27 September 1797, Rouen – 7 April 1874, Rouen) was a French bookseller, archivist, biographer, and historian specialized in the Normandy area.
Life.
The son and grandson of booksellers, Frère's father, Jacques-Christophe operated a significant and almost a century-old library on the port of Rouen. Despite having received an education that gave him access to all the liberal professions, Frère's family background gave him a strong taste for books to which he remained faithful until his death. He succeeded his father in 1827 at the family library, and was, from 1827 to 1842, one of those applied and learned booksellers who was of assistance both to letters and its servants. He carried on the traditions of Rouen's most renowned publishers by publishing major works, all related to Normandy, without having misgivings about the considerable sacrifices to his wealth. He repeatedly called on Eustache Hyacinthe Langlois's refined and delicate hand to provide artwork for these books, for he liked his style and loved to encourage his talent.
Once he felt his own erudition was up to par, he thought his turn to engage in writing had come as well. Being passionate about Normandy's traditions and local history as he was, he knew about those subjects as much as could the publisher who, for many years, had successfully brought out the most notable publications about all things Norman. In 1842, Frère sold his library to Lebrument, and he definitely entered scholarship, bringing out very erudite articles on various elements of Norman history, focusing notably on booksellers and old books in a row.
After he published these successful local studies, Frère engaged in his opus magnum, the monumental " Manuel du Bibliographe normand". It was the outcome of a vast research and information gathered from several Norman scholars, which took him five years to complete. This book answered perfectly the expectations promised by its title. Frère owes the better part of his literary and bibliographical notoriety to this work, which ended in every scholar's hands.
Frère was appointed in 1846, recording secretary at the Chamber of Commerce in Rouen. There, he was instrumental to the maritime and industrial trade of his region. Members of the Chamber of Commerce appreciated his extensive training, consistent application, discernment and spirit of wisdom, and they like liked to put his knowledge and experience into service. The depth of his knowledge and the seriousness of his work in 1869 led him to fill in Louis Bouilhet's post as director of the municipal library of Rouen, left vacant by his death. During the few years that Frère spent there, he worked as hard he always did throughout his life.
After he was admitted at the Académie des sciences, belles-lettres et arts de Rouen in 1845, Frère became one of the most frequent and most arduous, augmenting, each year, its précis or its archives with meritorious works universally recognized as thought-provoking. His research on the early days of printing in Normandy, his note on printing and bookselling in Rouen in the 15th and 16th centuries, his considerations on the origins of typography, a complete history of printing in Normandy, the " Catalogue raisonné des manuscrits normands de la Bibliothèque de Rouen", etc. all go to show the range of Frère's fondness for all book related subjects. This attention was not undivided though, as he ventured, on occasion, into the literary field, publishing the "Fragments littéraires de Jeanne Grey", a note on French and English minstrels, on Scandinavian literature, a page on the history of the Palinods. This last publication marked his last year as president of the Academy of Rouen, a position he has held since 1867.
In 1869, the Rouen government entrusted him with the preservation of its rich and extensive municipal library. Frère, at once started completing its catalog and review, by increasing the number of notes.
Frère never knew a moment's respite, in his life of seventy-six years, because death caught him when he had just finished printing the "Catalogue des manuscrits de la Bibliothèque municipale de Rouen, relatifs à la Normandie".
Frère had been a member of the Société libre d'émulation de la Seine-Inférieure, since 1828. He also belonged to the Society of Antiquaries of Normandy and the Society of Norman Bibliophiles.

</doc>
<doc id="20609723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609723" title="Kamen Petkov">
Kamen Petkov

Kamen Petkov was a Bulgarian architect based in Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
Career.
Arch. Kamen Petkov (1863, the region of Belogradchik, north-west of Sofia - 1945, Plovdiv) graduated from the Technical University of Karlsruhe (TH), Germany in 1896. Back in Bulgaria he worked for a short spell in Sofia where he collaborated, together with the painter Alexander Bozhinov Александър Божинов, in the “Balgaran” group. In 1898 he established his practice in Plovdiv and worked there for 47 years till his death in 1945.
He designed and built more than 800 buildings in Plovdiv alone. Most of them still shape the specific architecture of the city centre. Ten exquisite buildings can be seen along the Main Street alone, beginning with the powerful impact of the Bulgarian Bank (1898), and followed by smaller elegant buildings very much influenced by the Vienna Secession architects. Their façades are lavishly decorated with fluted pilasters crowned with composite capitals; arched windows articulated by decorative columns, curvilinear ornaments and many other elegant details. Plant-inspired motifs such as blossoming small trees, ornamental garlands, festoons of flowers, etc., disclose a strong Art Nouveau influence. 
In the French girls college, 1915 and boys college, 1932 respectively, however, he opted for a drastic geometric design. The contrasting frames of the shallow-arched windows and the dark highly stylized stucco pilasters create a strong graphic effect.
The four- and six-floor high tobacco warehouses are among Petkov's biggest works. The mansard above the main cornice is supported by massive consoles. Fluted risers articulate the large volumes into proportionate shapes. The design is an excellent mature integration of the functional and aesthetic aspects of a building for the industry. 
In his early seventies Kamen Petkov won a competition organised by the Vatican among Bulgarian and Italian architects for the reconstruction and building of several Catholic churches in the region of Plovdiv which had been severely damaged in an earthquake in 1928. Thus he came to design the frontal part and the interior of the largest Catholic cathedral in the Balkan peninsula. This time he draws on the Italian neoclassicism. The main facade is very elaborate with six pairs of columns articulating the ground floor and four pairs above them emphasise the main entrance. Two cornices form the base of the frontón which is flanked by the statues of St. Peter and St. Paul and decorated with stylised floral forms.
Of the Catholic churches built by Kamen Petkov around Plovdiv, the ones in the villages of Gen.Nikolaevo and Sekirovo are the largest with capacity for 2000 people. Both are designed as three-nave basilicas with two bell towers and a frontón in between. The façades are elaborately decorated with columns and pilasters, plastic cornices and stucco ornaments.
During his long creative life Kamen Petkov left numerous lovingly designed buildings in a Bulgarian strain of the Art Nouveau movement which renders evident the ample extent and diversity of this ground-breaking phenomenon.

</doc>
<doc id="20609740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609740" title="History of Ethiopia">
History of Ethiopia

This article covers the prehistory and history of Ethiopia, from its emergence as an empire under the Aksumites to its current form as the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, as well as the history of other areas in what is now Ethiopia such as the Afar Triangle. The Ethiopian Empire (Abyssinia) was first founded by Habesha people in the Ethiopian Highlands. Due to migration and imperial expansion, it grew to include many other primarily Afro-Asiatic-speaking communities, including Amhara, Tigray, Oromos, Somalis, Afars, Sidama, Gurage, Agaw and Harari, among others.
The earliest possible mention of Ethiopia in records was by the Ancient Egyptians who may have referred to it as the Land of Punt. The earliest kingdom to rise to power in Ethiopia was the Sabean influenced D'mt in the 10th century BC, which established its capital in Yeha. In the first century AD the Aksumite Kingdom rose to power in Tigray Region with its capital at Aksum and grew into a major power on the Red Sea, subjugating Yemen and Meroe and converting to Christianity in the early fourth century. The Aksumite empire fell into decline with the rise of Islam, forcing the Ethiopians to move south into the highlands for refuge. The Aksumites gave way to the Zagwe Dynasty who established a new capital at Lalibela, before giving way to the Solomonic Dynasty in the 13th century. During the early Solomonic period Ethiopia went through military reforms and imperial expansion that made it dominate the Horn of Africa. Portuguese missionaries arrived at this time.
In 1529 an invasion by the Muslim Adal Sultanate supported by the Ottoman Empire devastated the highlands, and was only deterred by a Portuguese intervention. With both Ethiopia and Adal greatly weakened by the war, the Oromo people were able to migrate into the highlands, conquering the remains of the Adal Sultanate and pushing deep into Ethiopia. The Portuguese presence also increased, while the Ottomans began to push into what is now Eritrea, creating the Habesh Eyalet. The Portuguese brought modern weapons and baroque architecture to Ethiopia, and in 1622 converted the emperor Susenyos I to Catholicism, sparking a civil war which ended in his abdication and an expulsion of all Catholics from Ethiopia. A new capital was established at Gondar in 1632, and a period of peace and prosperity ensued until the country was split apart by warlords in the 18th century during the Zemene Mesafint.
Ethiopia was reunified in 1855 by Tewodros II, beginning Ethiopia's modern history. Ethiopia began to go through a slow modernisation process, and defended itself from an Egyptian invasion in 1874. Under Menelik II Ethiopia defeated an Italian invasion in 1896 and came to be recognised as a legitimate state by European powers. A more rapid modernisation took place under Menelik II and Haile Selassie, however this was not enough to detter another Italian invasion in 1935. The modern Italian army annexed Ethiopia and combined it with its other colonies to create Italian East Africa, forcing Haile Selassie to flee the country. A joined force of British and Ethiopian rebels managed to drive the Italians out of the country in 1941, and Haile Selassie was returned to the throne. Ethiopia and Eritrea joined to a federation, but when Haile Selassie ended the federation in 1961 and made Eritrea a province of Ethiopia a war for Eritrean independence occurred, lasting until 1991.
Haile Selassie was overthrown in 1974 and the militaristic Derg Regime came to power. In 1977 Somalia invaded to try and annex the Ogaden region, but were pushed back by Ethiopian, Soviet, and Cuban forces. In 1977 and 1978 the government tortured or killed hundreds of thousands of suspected enemies in the Red Terror. After a famine in 1984 killing 1 million people, the Derg fell in 1991 and the Federal Democratic Republic was established. Ethiopia remains impoverished, but its economy has become one of the world's fastest growing.
Prehistory.
It was not until 1963 that evidence of the presence of ancient hominids was discovered in Ethiopia, many years after similar such discoveries had been made in neighbouring Kenya and Tanzania. The discovery was made by Gerrard Dekker, a Dutch hydrologist, who found Acheulian stone tools that were over a million years old at Kella. Since then many important finds have propelled Ethiopia to the forefront of palaentology. The oldest hominid discovered to date in Ethiopia is the 4.2 million year old "Ardipithicus ramidus" (Ardi) found by Tim D. White in 1994. The most well known hominid discovery is Lucy, found in the Awash Valley of Ethiopia's Afar region in 1974 by Donald Johanson, and is one of the most complete and best preserved, adult Australopithecine fossils ever uncovered. Lucy's taxonomic name, "Australopithecus afarensis", means 'southern ape of Afar', and refers to the Ethiopian region where the discovery was made. Lucy is estimated to have lived 3.2 million years ago. There have been many other notable fossil findings in the country. Near Gona stone tools were uncovered in 1992 that were 2.52 million years old, these are the oldest such tools ever discovered anywhere in the world. In 2010 fossilised animal bones, that were 3.4 million years old, were found with stone-tool-inflicted marks on them in the Lower Awash Valley by an international team, led by Shannon McPherron, which is the oldest evidence of stone tool use ever found anywhere in the world.
East Africa, and more specifically the general area of Ethiopia, is widely considered the site of the emergence of early Homo sapiens in the Middle Paleolithic. In 2004 fossils found near the Omo river at Kibbish by Richard Leakey in 1967 were redated to 195,000 years old, the oldest date anywhere in the world for modern Homo Sapiens.
"Homo sapiens idaltu", found in the Middle Awash in Ethiopia in 1997, lived about 160,000 years ago.
Bronze Age contacts with Egypt.
The earliest records of Ethiopia appear in Ancient Egypt, during the Old Kingdom period.
Egyptian traders from about 3000 BC who refer to lands south of Nubia or Kush as Punt and Yam.
The Ancient Egyptians were in possession of myrrh (found in Punt), which Richard Pankhurst interprets to indicate trade between the two countries was extant from Ancient Egypt's beginnings. Pharaonic records indicate this possession of myrrh as early as the First and Second dynasties (3407-2888 BC), which was also a prized product of the Horn of Africa Region; inscriptions and pictorial reliefs also indicate ivory, panther and other animal skins, myrrh-trees and ostrich feathers from the African coastal belt; and in the Fourth Egyptian Dynasty (2789-2767 BC) a Puntite is mentioned to be in the service of the son of Cheops, the builder of the Great Pyramid.J. H. Breasted posited that this early trade relationship could have been realized through overland trade down the Nile and its tributaries (i.e. the Blue Nile and Atbara). The Greek historian and geographer Agatharchides had documented seafaring among the early Egyptians: "During the prosperous period of the Old Kingdom, between the 30th and 25th centuries B. C., the river-routes were kept in order, and Egyptian ships sailed the Red Sea as far as the myrrh-country."
The first known voyage to Punt occurred in the 25th century BC under the reign of Pharaoh Sahure. The most famous expedition to Punt, however, comes during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut probably around 1495 BC, as the expedition was recorded in detailed reliefs on the temple of Deir el-Bahri at Thebes. The inscriptions depict a trading group bringing back myrrh trees, sacks of myrrh, elephant tusks, incense, gold, various fragmented wood, and exotic animals. Detailed information about these two nations is sparse, and there are many theories concerning their locations and the ethnic relationship of their peoples. The Egyptians sometimes called the Land of Punt, "God's-Land", due to the "large quantities of gold, ivory, and myrrh that could be easily obtained". 
Evidence of Naqadan contacts include obsidian from Ethiopia and the Aegean.
Antiquity.
Etymology.
Ancient Greeks historians such as Herodotus and Diodorus Siculus used the word Aethiopia (Αιθιοπία) to refer to the peoples living immediately to the south of ancient Egypt, specifically the area now known as the ancient Kingdom of Kush, now a part of modern Nubia in Egypt and Sudan, as well as all of Sub-Saharan Africa in general.
In ancient times the name Ethiopia was primarily used to refer to the modern day nation of Sudan based in the upper Nile valley south of Egypt, also called Kush, and then secondarily in reference to Sub-Saharan Africa in general. Reference to the Kingdom of Aksum designated as Ethiopia dates only as far back as the first half of 4th century following the 4th century invasion of Kush in Sudan by the Aksumite empire. Earlier inscription of Ezana "Habashat" (the source for "Abyssinia") in Ge'ez, South Arabian alphabet, was then translated in Greek as "Aethiopia".
The state of Sheba mentioned in the Old Testament is sometimes believed to have been in Ethiopia, but more often is placed in Yemen. According to the Ethiopian narrative, best represented in the "Kebra Negest", the Queen of Sheba slept with King Solomon, resulting in a child, named Ebn Melek (later Emperor Menelik I). When he was of age, Menelik returned to Israel to see his father, who sent with him the son of Zadok to accompany him with a replica of the Ark of the Covenant (Ethiosemitic: "tabot"). On his return with some of the Israelite priests, however, he found that Zadok's son had stolen the real Ark of the Covenant. Some believe the Ark is still being preserved today at the Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion in Axum, Ethiopia. The tradition that the biblical Queen of Sheba was a ruler of Ethiopia who visited King Solomon in Jerusalem in ancient Israel is supported by the 1st century AD Jewish historian Flavius Josephus, who identified Solomon’s visitor as a queen of Egypt and Ethiopia.
Dʿmt.
The first kingdom known to have existed in Ethiopia was the kingdom of D'mt in Tigray, with its capital at Yeha, where a Sabaean style temple was built around 700 BC. It rose to power around the 10th century BC. The D'mt kingdom was influenced by the Sabaeans in Yemen, however it is not known to what extent. While it was once believed that D'mt was a Sabaean colony, it is now believed that Sabaean influence was minor, limited to a few localities, and disappeared after a few decades or a century, perhaps representing a trading or military colony in some sort of symbiosis or military alliance with the civilization of Dʿmt or some other proto-Aksumite state. Few inscriptions by or about this kingdom survive and very little archaeological work has taken place. As a result, it is not known whether Dʿmt ended as a civilization before Aksum's early stages, evolved into the Aksumite state, or was one of the smaller states united in the Aksumite kingdom possibly around the beginning of the 1st century.
Axum.
The first verifiable kingdom of great power to rise in Ethiopia was that of Axum in the 1st century AD. It was one of many successor kingdoms to Dʿmt and was able to unite the northern Ethiopian plateau beginning around the 1st century BC. They established bases on the northern highlands of the Ethiopian Plateau and from there expanded southward. The Persian religious figure Mani listed Axum with Rome, Persia, and China as one of the four great powers of his time. The origins of the Axumite Kingdom are unclear, although experts have offered their speculations about it. Even whom should be considered the earliest known king is contested: although C. Conti Rossini proposed that Zoskales of Axum, mentioned in the "Periplus of the Erythraean Sea", should be identified with one Za Haqle mentioned in the Ethiopian King Lists (a view embraced by later historians of Ethiopia such as Yuri M. Kobishchanov and Sergew Hable Sellasie), G.W.B. Huntingford argued that Zoskales was only a sub-king whose authority was limited to Adulis, and that Conti Rossini's identification can not be substantiated.
Inscriptions have been found in southern Arabia celebrating victories over one GDRT, described as ""nagashi" of Habashat Abyssinia and of Axum." Other dated inscriptions are used to determine a "floruit" for GDRT (interpreted as representing a Ge'ez name such as Gadarat, Gedur, Gadurat or Gedara) around the beginning of the 3rd century. A bronze scepter or wand has been discovered at Atsbi Dera with an inscription mentioning "GDR of Axum". Coins showing the royal portrait began to be minted under King Endubis toward the end of the 3rd century.
Christianity was introduced into the country by Frumentius, who was consecrated first bishop of Ethiopia by Saint Athanasius of Alexandria about 330. Frumentius converted Ezana, who left several inscriptions detailing his reign both before and after his conversion. One inscription found at Axum, states that he conquered the nation of the Bogos, and returned thanks to his father, the god Mars, for his victory. Later inscriptions show Ezana's growing attachment to Christianity, and Ezana's coins bear this out, shifting from a design with disc and crescent to a design with a cross. Expeditions by Ezana into the Kingdom of Kush at Meroe in Sudan may have brought about its demise, though there is evidence that the kingdom was experiencing a period of decline beforehand. As a result of Ezana's expansions, Aksum bordered the Roman province of Egypt. The degree of Ezana's control over Yemen is uncertain. Though there is little evidence supporting Aksumite control of the region at that time, his title, which includes "king of Saba and Salhen, Himyar and Dhu-Raydan" (all in modern-day Yemen), along with gold Aksumite coins with the inscriptions, "king of the "Habshat"" or "Habashite," indicate that Aksum might have retained some legal or actual footing in the area.
Toward the close of the 5th century, a great company of monks known as the Nine Saints are believed to have established themselves in the country. Since that time, monasticism has been a power among the people, and not without its influence on the course of events.
The Axumite Kingdom is recorded once again as controlling part – if not all – of Yemen in the 6th century. Around 523, the Jewish king Dhu Nuwas came to power in Yemen and, announcing that he would kill all the Christians, attacked an Aksumite garrison at Zafar, burning the city's churches. He then attacked the Christian stronghold of Najran, slaughtering the Christians who would not convert. Emperor Justin I of the Eastern Roman empire requested that his fellow Christian, Kaleb, help fight the Yemenite king, and around 525, Kaleb invaded and defeated Dhu Nuwas, appointing his Christian follower Sumuafa' Ashawa' as his viceroy. This dating is tentative, however, as the basis of the year 525 for the invasion is based on the death of the ruler of Yemen at the time, who very well could have been Kaleb's viceroy. Procopius records that after about five years, Abraha deposed the viceroy and made himself king ("Histories" 1.20). Despite several attempted invasions across the Red Sea, Kaleb was unable to dislodge Abreha, and acquiesced in the change; this was the last time Ethiopian armies left Africa until the 20th century when several units participated in the Korean War. Eventually Kaleb abdicated in favor of his son Wa'zeb and retired to a monastery, where he ended his days. Abraha later made peace with Kaleb's successor and recognized his suzerainty. Despite this reverse, under Ezana and Kaleb the kingdom was at its height, benefiting from a large trade, which extended as far as India and Ceylon, and were in constant communication with the Byzantine Empire.
Details of the Axumite Kingdom, never abundant, become even more scarce after this point. The last king known to mint coins is Armah, whose coinage refers to the Persian conquest of Jerusalem in 614. An early Muslim tradition is that the Negus Sahama offered asylum to a group of Muslims fleeing persecution during Muhammad's life (615), but Stuart Munro-Hay believes that Axum had been abandoned as the capital by then – although Kobishchanov states that Ethiopian raiders plagued the Red Sea, preying on Arabian ports at least as late as 702.
Some people believed the end of the Axumite Kingdom is as much of a mystery as its beginning. Lacking a detailed history, the kingdom's fall has been attributed to a persistent drought, overgrazing, deforestation, plague, a shift in trade routes that reduced the importance of the Red Sea—or a combination of these factors. Munro-Hay cites the Muslim historian Abu Ja'far al-Khwarazmi/Kharazmi (who wrote before 833) as stating that the capital of "the kingdom of Habash" was Jarma. Unless Jarma is a nickname for Axum (hypothetically from Ge'ez "girma", "remarkable, revered"), the capital had moved from Axum to a new site, yet undiscovered.
Middle Ages.
Zagwe dynasty.
About 1000 (presumably c. 960, though the date is uncertain), a non-Christian princess, Yodit ("Gudit", a play on Yodit meaning "evil"), conspired to murder all the members of the royal family and establish herself as monarch. According to legends, during the execution of the royals, an infant heir of the Axumite monarch was carted off by some faithful adherents and conveyed to Shewa, where his authority was acknowledged. Concurrently, Yodit reigned for forty years over the rest of the kingdom and transmitted the crown to her descendants. However, this story was most likely made up by the Solomonic Dynasty to legitimize its rule.
At one point during the next century, the last of Yodit's successors were overthrown by an Agaw lord named Mara Takla Haymanot, who founded the Zagwe dynasty (named after the Agaw people who ruled during this time) and married a female descendant of the Aksumite monarchs ("son-in-law") or previous ruler. Exactly when the new dynasty came to power is unknown, as is the amount of kings in the dynasty. The new Zagwe dynasty established its capital at Roha, where the emperor Gebre Mesqel Lalibela build a series of monolithic churches, with the city being renamed Lalibela in his honour. The architecture of the Zagwe shows a continuation of earlier Aksumite traditions, as can be seen at Lalibela and at Yemrehana Krestos Church. The Zagwe dynasty controlled a smaller area than the Aksumites or the Solomonic dynasty, with its core in the Lasta region.
Ethiopia and the Crusades.
Although Medieval Ethiopia was very isolated from the other Christian Nations, they did maintain a degree of contact through Jerusalem. Like many other nations and denominations, the Ethiopian Church maintained a series of small chapels and even an annex at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Saladin, after retaking the Holy City in 1187, expressly invited the Ethiopian monks to return and even exempted Ethiopian pilgrims from the pilgrim tax. His two edicts provide evidence of Ethiopia's contact with these Crusader States during this period. It was during this period that the Ethiopian king Gebre Mesqel Lalibela ordered the construction of the legendary rock-hewn churches of Lalibela.
Later, as the Crusades were dying out in the early fourteenth century, the Ethiopian King Wedem Ar'ad dispatched a thirty man mission to Europe, where they traveled to Rome to meet the Pope and then, since the Medieval Papacy was in schism, they traveled to Avignon to meet the Antipope. During this trip, the Ethiopian mission also traveled to France, Spain and Portugal in the hopes of building an alliance against the Muslim states then threatening Ethiopia's existence. Plans were even drawn up of a two-pronged invasion of Egypt with the French King, but nothing ever came of the talks, although this brought Ethiopia back to Europe's attention, leading to expansion of European influence when the Portuguese explorers reached the Indian Ocean.
Early Solomonic period (1270-1529).
Around 1270, a new dynasty was established in the Abyssinian highlands under Yekuno Amlak who deposed the last of the Zagwe kings and married one of his daughters. According to legends, the new dynasty were male-line descendants of Aksumite monarchs, now recognized as the continuing Solomonic dynasty (the kingdom being thus restored to the biblical royal house). This legend was created to legitimize the Solomonic dynasty and was written down in the 14th century in the Kebra Negast, an account of the origins of the Solomonic dynasty.
Under the Solomonic dynasty, the chief provinces became Tigray (northern), what is now Amhara (central) and Shewa (southern). The seat of government, or rather of overlordship, had usually been in Amhara or Shewa, the ruler of which, calling himself Emperor of Ethiopia, exacted tribute, when he could, from the other provinces. The title of was to a considerable extent based on their alleged direct descent from Solomon and the queen of Sheba; but it is needless to say that in many, if not in most, cases their success was due more to the force of their arms than to the purity of their lineage. Under the early Solomonic dynasty Ethiopia engaged in military reforms and imperial expansion which left it dominating the Horn of Africa, especially under the rule of Amda Seyon I. There was also great artistic and literary advancement at this time, but also a decline in urbanisation as the Solomonic emperors didn't have any fixed capital, but rather moved around the empire in mobile camps.
Portuguese influence.
Towards the close of the 15th century the Portuguese missions into Ethiopia began. A belief had long prevailed in Europe of the existence of a Christian kingdom in the far east, whose monarch was known as Prester John, and various expeditions had been sent in quest of it. Among others engaged in this search was Pêro da Covilhã, who arrived in Ethiopia in 1490, and, believing that he had at length reached the far-famed kingdom, presented to the of the country, a letter from his master the king of Portugal, addressed to Prester John.
Pêro da Covilhã remained in the country, but in 1507 an Armenian named Matthew was sent by the Emperor to the king of Portugal to request his aid against the Muslims. In 1520 a Portuguese fleet, with Matthew on board, entered the Red Sea in compliance with this request, and an embassy from the fleet visited the Emperor, Lebna Dengel, and remained in Ethiopia for about six years. One of this embassy was Father Francisco Álvares, who wrote one of the earliest accounts of the country.
The Abyssinian-Adal War (1529-1543).
Between 1528 and 1540 armies of Muslims, under the Imam Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi, entered Ethiopia from the low country to the south-east, and overran the kingdom, obliging the emperor to take refuge in the mountain fastnesses. In this extremity recourse was again had to the Portuguese. João Bermudes, a subordinate member of the mission of 1520, who had remained in the country after the departure of the embassy, was, according to his own statement (which is untrustworthy), ordained successor to the "Abuna" (archbishop), and sent to Lisbon. Bermudes certainly came to Europe, but with what credentials is not known.
In response to Bermudes message, a Portuguese fleet under the command of Estêvão da Gama, was sent from India and arrived at Massawa in February 1541. Here he received an ambassador from the Emperor beseeching him to send help against the Muslims, and in the July following a force of 400 musketeers, under the command of Cristóvão da Gama, younger brother of the admiral, marched into the interior, and being joined by native troops were at first successful against the enemy; but they were subsequently defeated at the Battle of Wofla (28 August 1542), and their commander captured and executed. On February 21, 1543, however, Ahmad was shot and killed in the Battle of Wayna Daga and his forces totally routed. After this, quarrels arose between the Emperor and Bermudes, who had returned to Ethiopia with Gama and now urged the emperor to publicly profess his obedience to Rome. This the Emperor refused to do, and at length Bermudes was obliged to make his way out of the country.
Oromo Movements.
The Oromo migrations were a series of expansions in the 16th and 17th centuries by the Oromo people from more central areas in Ethiopia to more northern regions. The migrations had a severe impact on the Solomonic dynasty of Abyssinia, as well as being the death blow to the recently defeated Adal state.
Gondarine Period.
Early Gondar period (1632-1769).
The Jesuits who had accompanied or followed the Gama expedition into Ethiopia, and fixed their headquarters at Fremona (near Adwa), were oppressed and neglected, but not actually expelled. In the beginning of the 17th century Father Pedro Páez arrived at Fremona, a man of great tact and judgment, who soon rose into high favour at court, and won over the emperor to his faith. He directed the erection of churches, palaces and bridges in different parts of the country, and carried out many useful works. His successor Afonso Mendes was less tactful, and excited the feelings of the people against him and his fellow Europeans. Upon the death of Emperor Susenyos and accession of his son Fasilides in 1633, the Jesuits were expelled and the native religion restored to official status. Fasilides made Gondar his capital and built a castle there which would grow into the castle complex known as the Fasil Ghebbi, or Royal Enclosure. Fasilides also constructed several churches in Gondar, many bridges across the country, and expanded the Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion in Aksum.
During this time of religious strife Ethiopian philosophy flourished, and it was during this period that the philosophers Zera Yacob and Walda Heywat lived. Zera Yaqob is known for his treatise on religion, morality, and reason, known as Hatata.
Aussa Sultanate.
The Aussa Sultanate or Afar Sultanate succeeded the earlier Imamate of Aussa. The latter polity had come into existence in 1577, when Muhammed Jasa moved his capital from Harar to Aussa with the split of the Adal Sultanate into Aussa and the Harari city-state. At some point after 1672, Aussa declined and temporarily came to an end in conjunction with Imam Umar Din bin Adam's recorded ascension to the throne.
The Sultanate was subsequently re-established by Kedafu around the year 1734, and was thereafter ruled by his Mudaito Dynasty. The primary symbol of the Sultan was a silver baton, which was considered to have magical properties.
Zemene Mesafint.
This era was, on one hand, a religious conflict between settling Muslims and traditional Christians, between nationalities they represented, and on the other hand between feudal lords on power over the central government.
Some historians date the murder of Iyasu I, and the resultant decline in the prestige of the dynasty, as the beginning of the Ethiopian Zemene Mesafint ("Era of the Princes"), a time of disorder when the power of the monarchy was eclipsed by the power of local warlords.
Nobles came to abuse their positions by making emperors, and encroached upon the succession of the dynasty, by candidates among the nobility itself: e.g. on the death of Emperor Tewoflos, the chief nobles of Ethiopia feared that the cycle of vengeance that had characterized the reigns of Tewoflos and Tekle Haymanot I would continue if a member of the Solomonic dynasty were picked for the throne, so they selected one of their own, Yostos to be "negusa nagast" (king of kings) - however his tenure was brief.
Iyasu II ascended the throne as a child. His mother, Empress Mentewab played a major role in Iyasu's reign, as well as in that of her grandson Iyoas too. Mentewab had herself crowned as co-ruler, becoming the first woman to be crowned in this manner in Ethiopian history.
Empress Mentewab was crowned co-ruler upon the succession of her son (a first for a woman in Ethiopia) in 1730, and held unprecedented power over government during his reign. Her attempt to continue in this role following the death of her son 1755 led her into conflict with Wubit (Welete Bersabe), his widow, who believed that it was her turn to preside at the court of her own son Iyoas. The conflict between these two queens led to Mentewab summoning her Kwaran relatives and their forces to Gondar to support her. Wubit responded by summoning her own Oromo relatives and their considerable forces from Yejju.
The treasure of the Empire being allegedly penniless on the death of Iyasu, it suffered further from ethnic conflict between nationalities that been part of the Empire for hundreds of years—the Agaw, Amharans, Showans, and Tigreans—and the Oromo newcomers. Mentewab's attempt to strengthen ties between the monarchy and the Oromo by arranging the marriage of her son to the daughter of an Oromo chieftain backfired in the long run. Iyasu II gave precedence to his mother and allowed her every prerogative as a crowned co-ruler, while his wife Wubit suffered in obscurity. Wubit waited for the accession of her own son to make a bid for the power wielded for so long by Mentewab and her relatives from Qwara. When Iyoas assumed the throne upon his father's sudden death, the aristocrats of Gondar were stunned to find that he more readily spoke in the Oromo language rather than in Amharic, and tended to favor his mother's Yejju relatives over the Qwarans of his grandmothers family. Iyoas further increased the favor given to the Oromo when adult. On the death of the Ras of Amhara, he attempted to promote his uncle Lubo governor of that province, but the outcry led his advisor Wolde Leul to convince him to change his mind.
It is believed that the power struggle between the Qwarans led by the Empress Mentewab, and the Yejju Oromos led by the Emperor's mother Wubit was about to erupt into an armed conflict. Ras Mikael Sehul was summoned to mediate between the two camps. He arrived and shrewdly maneuvered to sideline the two queens and their supporters making a bid for power for himself. Mikael settled soon as the leader of Amharic-Tigrean (Christian) camp of the struggle.
The reign of Iyaos' reign becomes a narrative of the struggle between the powerful Ras Mikael Sehul and the Oromo relatives of Iyoas. As Iyoas increasingly favored Oromo leaders like Fasil, his relations with Mikael Sehul deteriorated. Eventually Mikael Sehul deposed the Emperor Iyoas (7 May 1769). One week later, Mikael Sehul had him killed; although the details of his death are contradictory, the result was clear: for the first time an Emperor had lost his throne in a means other than his own natural death, death in battle, or voluntary abdication.
Mikael Sehul had compromised the power of the Emperor, and from this point forward it lay ever more openly in the hands of the great nobles and military commanders. This point of time has been regarded as one start of the Era of the Princes.
An aged and infirm imperial uncle prince was enthroned as Emperor Yohannes II. Ras Mikael soon had him murdered, and underage Tekle Haymanot II was elevated to the throne.
This bitter religious conflict contributed to hostility toward foreign Christians and Europeans, which persisted into the 20th century and was a factor in Ethiopia's isolation until the mid-19th century, when the first British mission, sent in 1805 to conclude an alliance with Ethiopia and obtain a port on the Red Sea in case France conquered Egypt. The success of this mission opened Ethiopia to many more travellers, missionaries and merchants of all countries, and the stream of Europeans continued until well into Tewodros's reign.
This isolation was pierced by very few European travellers. One was the French physician C.J. Poncet, who went there in 1698, via Sennar and the Blue Nile. After him James Bruce entered the country in 1769, with the object of discovering the sources of the Nile, which he was convinced lay in Ethiopia. Accordingly, leaving Massawa in September 1769, he travelled via Axum to Gondar, where he was well received by Emperor Tekle Haymanot II. He accompanied the king on a warlike expedition round Lake Tana, moving South round the eastern shore, crossing the Blue Nile (Abay) close to its point of issue from the lake and returning via the western shore. Bruce subsequently returned to Egypt at the end of 1772 by way of the upper Atbara, through the kingdom of Sennar, the Nile, and the Korosko desert.
During the 18th century the most prominent rulers were the emperor Dawit III of Gondar (died May 18, 1721), Amha Iyasus of Shewa), who consolidated his kingdom and founded Ankober, and Tekle Giyorgis of Amhara) - the last-mentioned is famous of having been elevated to the throne altogether six times and also deposed six times. The first years of the 19th century were disturbed by fierce campaigns between Ras Gugsa of Begemder, and Ras Wolde Selassie of Tigray, who fought over control of the figurehead Emperor Egwale Seyon. Wolde Selassie was eventually the victor, and practically ruled the whole country till his death in 1816 at the age of eighty.
Dejazmach Sabagadis of Agame succeeded Wolde Selassie in 1817, through force of arms, to become warlord of Tigre.
Modern.
1855-1936.
Under the Emperors Tewodros II (1855–1868), Yohannes IV (1872–1889), and Menelek II (1889–1913), the empire began to emerge from its isolation. Under Emperor Tewodros II, the "Age of the Princes" ("Zemene Mesafint") was brought to an end.
Tewodros II and Tekle Giyorgis II (1855-1872).
Emperor Tewodros (or Theodore) II was born "Lij" Kassa in Qwara, in 1818. His father was a small local chief, and his relative (possible uncle) "Dejazmach" Kinfu was governor of the provinces of Dembiya, Qwara and Chelga between Lake Tana and the northwestern frontier. Kassa lost his inheritance upon the death of Kinfu while he was still a young boy. After receiving a traditional education in a local monastery, he went off to lead a band of bandits that roved the country in a Robin Hood-like existence. His exploits became widely known, and his band of followers grew steadily until he led a formidable army. He came to the notice of the ruling Regent, Ras Ali, and his mother Empress Menen Liben Amede (wife of the puppet Emperor Yohannes III). In order to bind him to them, Ras Ali and the Empress arranged for Kassa to marry Ali's daughter, and upon the death of his uncle Kinfu, he was made chief of Kwara and all Dembea with the title of Dejazmatch. He turned his attention to conquering the remaining chief divisions of the country, Gojjam, Tigray and Shewa, which still remained unsubdued. His relations with his father-in-law and grandmother-in-law deteriorated however, and he soon took up arms against them and their vassals, and was successful.
On February 11, 1855, Kassa deposed the last of the Gondarine puppet Emperors, and was crowned "negusa nagast" of Ethiopia under the name of Tewodros II. He soon after advanced against Shewa with a large army. Chief of the notables opposing him was its king Haile Melekot, a descendant of Meridazmach Asfa Wossen. Dissensions broke out among the Shewans, and after a desperate and futile attack on Tewodros at Dabra Berhan, Haile Melekot died of illness, nominating with his last breath his eleven-year-old son as successor (November 1855) under the name Negus Sahle Maryam (the future emperor Menelek II). Darge, Haile Melekot's brother, and Ato Bezabih, a Shewan noble, took charge of the young prince, but after a hard fight with Angeda, the Shewans were obliged to capitulate. Sahle Maryam was handed over to the Emperor, taken to Gondar, and there trained in Tewodros’s service, and then placed in comfortable detention at the fortress of Magdala. Tewodoros afterwards devoted himself to modernizing and centralizing the legal and administrative structure of his kingdom, against the resistance of his governors. Sahle Maryam of Shewa was married to Tewodros II’s daughter Alitash.
In 1865, Sahle Maryam escaped from Maqdala, abandoning his wife, and arrived in Shewa, and was there acclaimed as Negus. Tewodros forged an alliance between Britain and Ethiopia, but as explained in the next section, he committed suicide after a military defeat by the British. On the death of Tewodros, many Shewans, including Ras Darge, were released, and the young Negus of Shewa began to feel himself strong enough, after a few preliminary minor campaigns, to undertake offensive operations against the northern princes. But these projects were of little avail, for Ras Kassai of Tigray, had by this time (1872) risen to supreme power in the north. Proclaiming himself "negusa nagast" under the name of Yohannes (or John) IV, he forced Sahle Maryam to acknowledge his overlordship.
In early 1868, the British force seeking Tewodros’ surrender, after he refused to release imprisoned British subjects, arrived on the coast of Massawa. The British and Dajazmach Kassa came to an agreement in which Kassa would let the British pass through Tigray (the British were going to Magdala which Tewodros had made his capital) in exchange for money and weapons. Surely enough, when the British completed their mission and were leaving the country, they rewarded Kassa for his cooperation with artillery, muskets, rifles, and munitions, all in all worth approximately £500,000 (Marcus 2002, 71-72). This formidable gift came in handy when in July 1871 the current emperor, Emperor Tekle Giyorgis II, attacked Kassa at his capital in Adwa, for Kassa had refused to be named a ras or pay tribute (Marcus, H. 2002, 72). Although Kassa’s army was outnumbered 12,000 to the emperor’s 60,000, Kassa’s army was equipped with more modern weapons and better trained. At battle’s end, forty percent of the emperor’s men had been captured. The emperor was imprisoned and would die a year later. Six months later on 21 January 1872, Kassa became the new emperor under the name Yohannes IV (Zewde, B. 2001, 43).
Yohannes IV (1872-1889).
Ethiopia was never colonized by a European power, but was occupied by Italians in 1936 (see below); however, several colonial powers had interests and designs on Ethiopia in the context of the 19th century “Scramble for Africa.”
When Victoria, Queen of the United Kingdom, in 1867 failed to answer a letter Tewodros II of Ethiopia had sent her, he took it as an insult and imprisoned several British residents, including the consul. An army of 12,000 was sent from Bombay to Ethiopia to rescue the captured nationals, under the command of Sir Robert Napier. The Ethiopians were defeated, and the British stormed the fortress of Magdala (now known as Amba Mariam) on April 13, 1868. When the Emperor heard that the gate had fallen, he fired a pistol into his mouth and killed himself. Sir Robert Napier was raised to the peerage, and given the title of Lord Napier of Magdala.
The Italians now came on the scene. Asseb, a port near the southern entrance of the Red Sea, had been bought from the local sultan in March 1870 by an Italian company, which, after acquiring more land in 1879 and 1880, was bought out by the Italian government in 1882. In this year Count Pietro Antonelli was dispatched to Shewa in order to improve the prospects of the colony by treaties with Sahle Maryam of Shewa and the sultan of Aussa.
In April 1888 the Italian forces, numbering over 20,000 men, came in contact with the Ethiopian army, but negotiations took the place of fighting, with the result that both forces retired, the Italians only leaving some 5,000 troops in Eritrea, later to become an Italian colony.
Meanwhile the Emperor Yohannes IV had been engaged with the dervishes, who had in the meantime become masters of the Egyptian Sudan, and in 1887 a great battle ensued at Gallabat, in which the dervishes, under Zeki Tumal, were beaten. But a stray bullet struck the king, and the Ethiopians decided to retire. The king died during the night, and his body fell into the hands of the enemy (March 9, 1889). When the news of Yohannes’s death reached Sahle Maryam of Shewa, he proclaimed himself emperor Menelik II of Ethiopia, and received the submission of Begemder, Gojjam, the Yejju Oromo, and Tigray.
Menelik II (1889-1913).
On May 2 of that same year, Emperor Menelik signed the Treaty of Wuchale with the Italians, granting them a portion of Northern Ethiopia, the area that would later be Eritrea and part of the province of Tigray in return for the promise of 30,000 rifles, ammunition, and cannons. The Italians notified the European powers that this treaty gave them a protectorate over all of Ethiopia. Menelik protested, showing that the Amharic version of the treaty said no such thing, but his protests were ignored.
On March 1, 1896, Ethiopia’s conflict with the Italians, the First Italo–Ethiopian War, was resolved by the complete defeat of the Italian armed forces at the Battle of Adowa. A provisional treaty of peace was concluded at Addis Ababa on October 26, 1896, which acknowledged the independence of Ethiopia.
Menelik granted the first railway concession, from the coast at Djibouti (French Somaliland) to the interior, to a French company in 1894. The railway was completed to Dire Dawa, from Harrar, by the last day of 1902.
Under the reign of Menelik, beginning in the 1880s, Ethiopia set off from the central province of Shoa, to incorporate 'the lands and people of the South, East and West into an empire'. The people incorporated were the western Oromo (non Shoan Oromo), Sidama, Gurage, Wolayta and other groups. He began expanding his kingdom to the south and east, expanding into areas that had never been under his rule, resulting in the borders of Ethiopia of today. He did this with the help of Ras Gobena's Shewan Oromo militia. During the conquet of the Oromo, the Ethiopian Army carried mass atrocities against the Oromo population including mass mutilation, mass killings and large scale slavery. Some estimates for the number of people killed as a result of the conquest go into the millions. Large scale atrocities were also committed against the Dizi people and the people of the Kaficho kingdom.
Iyasu V, Zauditu and Haile Selassie (1913-1936).
When Menelik II died, his grandson, Lij Iyassu, succeeded to the throne but soon lost support because of his Muslim ties. He was deposed in 1916 by the Christian nobility, and Menelik's daughter, Zauditu, was made empress. Her cousin, Ras Tafari Makonnen, was made regent and successor to the throne.
Upon the death of Empress Zauditu in 1930, Ras Tafari Makonnen, adopting the throne name Haile Selassie, was crowned Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia. His full title was “His Imperial Majesty Haile Selassie I, Conquering Lion of the Tribe of Judah, King of Kings of Ethiopia and Elect of God.”
Following the death of Abba Jifar II of Jimma, Emperor Haile Selassie seized the opportunity to annex Jimma. In 1932, the Kingdom of Jimma was formally absorbed into Ethiopia. During the reorganization of the provinces in 1942, Jimma vanished into Kaffa Province.
Italian period (1936-1941).
Emperor Haile Selassie's reign was interrupted in 1935 when Italian forces invaded and occupied Ethiopia.
The Italian army, under the direction of dictator Benito Mussolini, invaded Ethiopian territory on October 2, 1935. They occupied the capital Addis Ababa on May 5. Emperor Haile Selassie pleaded to the League of Nations for aid in resisting the Italians. Nevertheless the country was formally annexed on May 9, 1936 and the Emperor went into exile.
The war was full of cruelty: the Ethiopians used Dum-dum bullets (prohibited by the Hague Convention of 1899, Declaration III) and the Italians used gas (prohibited under the Geneva Protocol of 1922). Many Ethiopians died in the invasion. The Negus claimed that more than 275,000 Ethiopian fighters were killed compared to only 1,537 Italians, while the Italian authorities estimated that 16,000 Ethiopians and 2,700 Italians (including Italian colonial troops) died in battle.
Italy in 1936 requested the League of Nations to recognize the annexation of Ethiopia: all member nations (including Britain and France), with the exception of the Soviet Union, voted to support it. The King of Italy (Victor Emmanuel III) was crowned Emperor of Ethiopia and the Italians created an Italian empire in Africa (Italian East Africa) with Ethiopia, Eritrea and Italian Somalia. In 1937 Mussolini boasted that, with his conquest of Ethiopia, "finally Adua was avenged" and that he had abolished slavery in Ethiopia.
The Italians invested substantively in Ethiopian infrastructure development. They created the "imperial road" between Addis Abeba and Massaua, the Addis Abeba - Mogadishu and the Addis Abeba - Assab. 900 km of railways were reconstructed or initiated (like the railway between Addis Abeba and Assab), dams and hydroelectric plants were built, and many public and private companies were established in the underdeveloped country. The most important were: "Compagnie per il cotone d'Etiopia" (Cotton industry); "Cementerie d'Etiopia" (Cement industry); "Compagnia etiopica mineraria" (Minerals industry); "Imprese elettriche d'Etiopia" (Electricity industry); "Compagnia etiopica degli esplosivi" (Armament industry); "Trasporti automobilistici (Citao)" (Mechanic & Transport industry).
Much of these improvements were part of a plan to bring half a million Italians to colonize the Ethiopian plateaus. In October 1939 the Italian colonists in Ethiopia were 35,441, of whom 30,232 male (85.3%) and 5,209 female (14.7%), most of them living in urban areas. Only 3,200 Italian farmers moved to colonize farm areas, where they were under sporadic attack by pro-Haile Selassie guerrillas.
World War II.
In spring 1941 the Italians were defeated by British and Allied forces (including Ethiopian forces). On May 5, 1941, Emperor Haile Selassie re-entered Addis Ababa and returned to the throne. The Italians, after their final stand at Gondar in November 1941, conducted a guerrilla war in Ethiopia, that lasted until summer 1943. After the defeat of Italy, Ethiopia annexed the former Italian colony of Eritrea.
Post–World War II period (1941-1974).
After World War II, Emperor Haile Selassie exerted numerous efforts to promote the modernization of his nation. The country's first important school of higher education, University College of Addis Ababa, was founded in 1950. The Constitution of 1931 was replaced with the 1955 constitution which expanded the powers of the Parliament. While improving diplomatic ties with the United States, Haile Selassie also sought to improve the nation's relationship with other African nations. To do this, in 1963, he helped to found the Organisation of African Unity.
In 1961 the 30-year Eritrean Struggle for Independence began, following the Ethiopian Emperor Haile Selassie I's dissolution of the federation and shutting down the Eritrean parliament. The Emperor declared Eritrea the fourteenth province of Ethiopia in 1962. The Negus suffered criticism due to the expenses involved in fighting the Nationalist forces.
By the early 1970s Emperor Haile Selassie's advanced age was becoming apparent. As Paul B. Henze explains: "Most Ethiopians thought in terms of personalities, not ideology, and out of long habit still looked to Haile Selassie as the initiator of change, the source of status and privilege, and the arbiter of demands for resources and attention among competing groups." The nature of the succession, and of the desirability of the Imperial monarchy in general, were in dispute amongst the Ethiopian people.
Perceptions of this war as imperialist were among the primary causes of the growing Ethiopian Marxist movement. In the early 1970s, the Ethiopian Communists received the support of the Soviet Union under the leadership of Leonid Brezhnev. This help lead to the 1974 marxist coup of Mengistu.
The government's failure to effect significant economic and political reforms over the previous fourteen years created a climate of unrest. Combined with rising inflation, corruption, a famine that affected several provinces (especially Welo and Tigray) but was concealed from the outside world, and the growing discontent of urban interest groups, the country was ripe for revolution. The unrest that began in January 1974 became an outburst of general discontent. The Ethiopian military, with assistance from the Comintern, began to both organize and incite a full-fledged revolution.
Communist period (1974-1991).
After a period of civil unrest which began in February 1974, the aging Emperor Haile Selassie I was removed from his position. On September 12, 1974, a provisional administrative council of soldiers, known as the Derg ("committee") seized power from the emperor and installed a government which was socialist in name and military in style. The Derg summarily executed 59 members of the former government, including two former Prime Ministers and Crown Councilors, Court officials, ministers, and generals. Emperor Haile Selassie died on August 22, 1975. He was allegedly strangled in the basement of his palace or smothered with a wet pillow.
Lt. Col. Mengistu Haile Mariam assumed power as head of state and Derg chairman, after having his two predecessors killed, as well as tens of thousands of other suspected opponents. The new Marxist government undertook socialist reforms, including nationalisation of landlords' property and the church's property. Before the coup, Ethiopian peasants' way of life was thoroughly influenced by the church teachings; 280 days a year are religious feasts or days of rest. Mengistu's years in office were marked by a totalitarian-style government and the country's massive militarization, financed by the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc, and assisted by Cuba. In December 1976, an Ethiopian delegation in Moscow signed a military assistance agreement with the Soviet Union. The following April 1977, Ethiopia abrogated its military assistance agreement with the United States and expelled the American military missions.
The new regime in Ethiopia met with armed resistance from the large landowners, the royalists and the nobility. The center of resistance was largely centered in the province of Eritrea. The Derg decided in November 1974 to prosecute war in Eritrea rather than seek a negotiated settlement. By mid-1976, the resistance had gained control of most of the town and the countryside of Eritrea.
In July 1977, sensing the disarray in Ethiopia, Somalia attacked across the Ogaden in pursuit of its irredentist claims to the ethnic Somali areas of Ethiopia ("see" Ogaden War). They were assisted in this invasion by the armed Western Somali Liberation Front. Ethiopian forces were driven back far inside their own frontiers but, with the assistance of a massive Soviet airlift of arms and 17,000 Cuban combat forces, they stemmed the attack. The last major Somali regular units left the Ogaden March 15, 1978. Twenty years later, the Somali region of Ethiopia remains under-developed and insecure.
From 1977 through early 1978, thousands of suspected enemies of the Derg were tortured and/or killed in a purge called the "Red Terror". Communism was officially adopted during the late 1970s and early 1980s; in 1984, the Workers' Party of Ethiopia (WPE) was established, and on February 1, 1987, a new Soviet-style civilian constitution was submitted to a popular referendum. It was officially endorsed by 81% of voters, and in accordance with this new constitution, the country was renamed the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia on September 10, 1987, and Mengistu became president.
The regime's collapse was hastened by droughts and famine, which affected around 8 million people, leaving 1 million dead, as well as by insurrections, particularly in the northern regions of Tigray and Eritrea. The regime also conducted a brutal campaign of resettlement and villagization in Ethiopia in the 1980s. In 1989, the Tigrayan Peoples' Liberation Front (TPLF) merged with other ethnically based opposition movements to form the Ethiopian Peoples' Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF). In May 1991, EPRDF forces advanced on Addis Ababa. Mengistu fled the country to asylum in Zimbabwe, where he still resides.
Hundreds of thousands were killed due to the Red Terror, forced deportations, or from using hunger as a weapon. In 2006, after a long trial, Mengistu was found guilty of genocide.
The Federal Democratic Republic (1991-present).
In July 1991, the EPRDF, the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF), and others established the Transitional Government of Ethiopia (TGE) which was composed of an 87-member Council of Representatives and guided by a national charter that functioned as a transitional constitution. In June 1992, the OLF withdrew from the government; in March 1993, members of the Southern Ethiopia Peoples' Democratic Coalition also left the government.
Eritrea separated from Ethiopia following the fall of the Derg in 1991, after a long independentist war.
In 1994, a new constitution was written that formed a bicameral legislature and a judicial system. An election took place in May 1995 in which Meles Zenawi was elected the Prime Minister and Negasso Gidada was elected President. Also at this time, the members of the Parliament were elected. Ethiopia's second multiparty election was held in May 2000. Prime Minister Meles was one again elected as Prime Minister in October 2000. In October 2001, Lieutenant Girma Wolde-Giorgis was elected president.
In 2005, during the general elections in Ethiopia, allegations of irregularities that brought victory to the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front resulted in widespread protests in which the government is accused of massacring civilians (see Ethiopian police massacres).
With the collapse of the Soviet Union, and with the rise of radical Islamism, Ethiopia again turned to the Western powers for alliance and assistance. After the September 11 attacks in 2001, the Ethiopian army began to train with US forces based out of the Combined Joint Task Force - Horn of Africa (CJTF-HOA) established in Djibouti, in counterterrorism and counterinsurgency. Ethiopia allowed the US to station military advisors at Camp Hurso.
In 2006, an Islamic organisation seen by many as having ties with al-Qaeda, the Islamic Courts Union (ICU), spread rapidly in Somalia. Ethiopia sent logistical support to the Transitional Federal Government opposing the Islamists. Finally, on December 20, 2006, active fighting broke out between the ICU and Ethiopian Army. As the Islamist forces were of no match against the Ethiopian regular army, they decided to retreat and merge among the civilians, and most of the ICU-held Somalia was quickly taken. Human Rights Watch accused Ethiopia of various abuses including indiscriminate killing of civilians during the Battle of Mogadishu (March – April 2007). Ethiopian forces pulled out of Somalia in January 2009, leaving a small African Union force and smaller Somali Transitional Government force to maintain the peace. Reports immediately emerged of religious fundamentalist forces occupying one of two former Ethiopian bases in Mogadishu shortly after withdrawal.
Meles Zenawi died on 20 August 2012 and was succeeded by Hailemariam Desalegn. Mulatu Teshome was elected president on 7 October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20609751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609751" title="Peadar Toner Mac Fhionnlaoich">
Peadar Toner Mac Fhionnlaoich

Peadar Toner Mac Fhionnlaoich (5 October 1857 – 1 July 1942; ), known as Cú Uladh ("The Hound of Ulster"), was an Irish language writer during the Gaelic Revival. He wrote stories based on Irish folklore, some of the first Irish language plays, and regularly wrote articles in most of the Irish language newspapers such as "An Claidheamh Soluis"
Background.
Cú Uladh was born in Allt an Iarainn, County Donegal to Micheal McGinley and Susan Toner. He attended school locally until he was seventeen. He then attended Blackrock College in Dublin for two years. On leaving school he entered into the British Civil Service becoming an Inland revenue Officer. In 1895 he married Elizabeth Woods () and they had twelve children. Cú Uladh spoke Irish from an early age and kept an interest in the language throughout his life, first publishing and Irish language short story and poem in "The Donegal Christmas Annual 1883". It was not until 1895 while living in Belfast that he became involved in the Gaelic Movement.
Conradh na Gaeilge.
It was in Cú Uladh's Belfast home that the first meeting of the Ulster branch of the Conradh na Gaeilge in 1895. From this point on Cú Uladh became very involved in Conradh na Gaeilge becoming the organisations president on several occasions.
Seanad Éireann.
Cú Uladh was a member of Seanad Éireann from 1938–1942 when he was nominated by the Taoiseach|nominated by Taoiseach Éamon de Valera.

</doc>
<doc id="20609756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609756" title="Čezsoča">
Čezsoča

Čezsoča () is a settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Gorenja Vas (), Dolenja Vas (), Jablanica, Kršovec, and Na Glavi.
Geography.
Čezsoča lies in the valley on the left bank of the Soča River. The terrain then rises up towards Mount Polovnik (1,480 m). East of the settlement is Humčič Hill (810 m), behind which rises Mount Javoršček (1,557 m). Oplenk Creek flows through the village between Gorenja Vas and Dolenja Vas, and Slatenik Creek flows below Humčič Hill. The mountains block direct sunlight from the village from mid-November to the end of February, making the winter in Čezsoča more severe than in neighboring Bovec. The broad river banks on the Soča and its proximity to the town of Bovec make Čezsoča popular with visitors.
History.
The village was badly damaged during the First World War because it was located on the front line. During the Second World War, Partisan troops in the First Bovec Company assembled in a World War I bunker at Humčič Hill in 1942. On 8 November 1943 the village came under German aerial bombardment and several houses were burned.
Church.
The church in Čezsoča is dedicated to Saint Anthony the Great. It was badly damaged during the First World War and restored in a Romanesque style in 1927. It contains the remnants of old frescoes. The altar painting is a 1931 work by Eda Galli.
Other cultural heritage.
In addition to Saint Anthony the Great Church, other sites in Čezsoča are registered as cultural heritage:
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Čezsoča include:

</doc>
<doc id="20609758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609758" title="Johnny &quot;J&quot;">
Johnny &quot;J&quot;

Johnny Lee Jackson (August 28, 1969 – October 3, 2008), professionally known as Johnny "J", was a Mexican American multi-platinum songwriter, music producer and rapper who was perhaps best remembered for his production on Tupac Shakur's albums "All Eyez on Me" and "Me Against the World", as well as many of Shakur's subsequent posthumous albums. He was born in Juárez, Mexico, in 1969 and raised in South Central Los Angeles. Johnny "J" was co-owner and CEO of Klock Work Entertainment.
Early life.
Johnny "J" grew up on 103rd and Budlong in South Central, Los Angeles, the oldest of three children. His father, John Sr., was a mechanic by trade who worked for the naval shipyards and now works for the U.S. Defense Department. His mother, Lidia, was a bilingual school teacher. His parents bought him a drum machine and made a break-dancing floor out of tile for him, and his aunt and uncle helped him build a makeshift studio.
Johnny's interest in hip-hop escalated while he was at Washington Preparatory High School. He played on the drum line and hit it off with the aspiring rapper Candell "Candyman" Manson; future artists such as Yo-Yo, WC and Sir Jinx, of Da Lench Mob, also attended Washington Prep around that time, in the mid-1980s. Soon after high school, Johnny got his big break, producing "Knockin' Boots" for Candyman. The song went platinum and reached No. 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 in summer 1990, pushing Candyman’s debut album, "Ain't No Shame In My Game", into gold status.
Musical career.
Early productions (1989–1992).
In late 1993, Big Syke, a member of 2Pac's group Thug Life introduced Johnny to 'Pac. They quickly gelled, recording "Pour Out a Little Liquor", for the Above the Rim soundtrack, and "Death Around the Corner," which would appear on Me Against the World. The partnership was derailed, though, when Tupac was sent to prison in February 1995. After his release that October, the pair reunited at Can-Am Studios in L.A.. Tupac felt very secure with him in the studio. 2Pac and Johnny J recorded more than a hundred songs together—11 of them, including "How Do U Want It" and "All About U", ended up on "All Eyez on Me"; the rest composed the bulk of 2Pac’s posthumous work.
He produced his classmate Candyman's 1989 EP "Hip Hop Addict" and his 1990 single "Knockin' Boots" for his classmate Candyman's album "Ain't No Shame in My Game", which went platinum thanks to the single. He also produced the early work of recording artist Shady Montage who eventually went on to become Shade Sheist.
Tupac Shakur, Death Row Records and solo album (1993–1996).
After the numerous nominations for Candyman, Johnny J met 2Pac and recorded nine tracks with him in three days . Following these recordings Johnny produced "Pour Out a Little Liquor" which appeared on the "Above The Rim" soundtrack and 2Pac's "Thug Life" album. The soundtrack eventually went Double Platinum and won the Soundtrack of The Year Award at the 1995 Source Awards.
Johnny produced the track "Death Around The Corner" which ended up on 2Pac's third solo album entitled "Me Against The World" That album eventually went to the top of the Billboard 200.
Johnny J recorded and released his debut rap album "I Gotta Be Me" in 1994, which spawned two singles: "Get Away From Me" and "Dig Um' Out". A music video was shot for "Get Away From Me". Jackson produced the entire album, and even showcased his singing abilities on such tracks as "Love's the Way". The beat for "Better Off" would later be recycled for 2Pac's "Picture Me Rollin'" in his 1996 album "All Eyez On Me". "I Gotta Be Me" is now out of print and hard to find.
After 2Pac's release in late 1995, the two began collaborating for 2Pac's Death Row Records debut "All Eyez On Me". The double album was released early next year, and Johnny J produced the chart topping hits "All Bout U", "How Do U Want It" and "Life Goes On". He also produced "Thug Passion", "Shorty Wanna Be A Thug", "Wonda Why They Call U Bitch", "Run tha Streetz", "All Eyez on Me", "What'z Ya Phone #" and "Picture Me Rollin'"
The album is one of the most influential albums in hip hop history, and according to the RIAA, nine million copies of the album were sold in the United States alone by June 18, 1998.
Miscellaneous ventures (1997–2005).
Prior to Tupac Shakur's death Johnny produced over 150 tracks for the rapper, a great deal of them unreleased. Many of Johnny's collaborations with Shakur ended up being remixed for his posthumous releases such as "Until the End of Time", "Better Dayz", and "R U Still Down? (Remember Me)", while only a select few remained in their original form.
Johnny had composed a few music scores in such films as "Gridlock'd". The first artist Johnny collaborated with after 2Pac's death was Bizzy Bone from Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. Johnny produced "Thugz Cry" and "Nobody Can Stop Me" off of the "Heavenz Movie" album, a release that went Platinum.
In 2009 Klock Work Entertainment confirmed that Johnny produced a whole album for Bizzy, but it never got released.
Along with Napoleon from the Outlawz and Val Young, Johnny released "Never Forget" in 2004, a tribute song to 2Pac. A music video was shot for the song, and includes many guest appearances from many of Shakur's close friends.
Final years (2006–2008).
In mid-2006, Johnny J premiered a 10 year anniversary Tupac tribute track on a charitable compilation by Mutulu Shakur entitled "". The song was written by Johnny and performed by a new artist working with Klock Work at the time named T-Jay.
In mid-2008, Iranian-Canadian rapper Imaan Faith collaborated with Deejay Ra to release Imaan's debut album "Let The Truth Be Known" on Universal Music Canada, featuring an opening track with Johnny J entitled "Goin 2 Da Top", which was recorded at Johnny's studio in California in mid-2006. Johnny's name was mentioned in billboard, radio and TV advertisements across Canada as one of the album's producers during a 3 month advertising campaign, and the album charted at #6 on the Nielsen SoundScan top ten in Canada the week of its March 11 release. 
Johnny J had been recording for most of 2008 with actress/singer Tatyana Ali on her sophomore music album "The Light".
Death.
Johnny J died on October 3, 2008 at the age of 39, while serving a sentence for DWI in the Twin Towers Correctional Facility located in Los Angeles, California. He allegedly jumped off an upper tier of the prison in an apparent suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="20609774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609774" title="Charles-Philippe de Chennevières-Pointel">
Charles-Philippe de Chennevières-Pointel

Charles-Philippe, marquis de Chennevières-Pointel, known as Jean de Falaise (23 July 1820, Falaise - 1 April 1899) was a French writer and art historian. Chennevières was a learned connoisseur and collected thousands of French drawings from 1500 to 1860. His friends included Charles Baudelaire, Theophile Gautier and the Goncourt brothers. He served in the arts administration of the Second Empire (1851-1870). He joined the Louvre in 1846, and later became its curator from 1852 to 1870, and was responsible for the Fine Arts exhibition at the 1855 Paris World's Fair. In 1873, Chennevières became the Director of the national École des Beaux-Arts (School of Fine Arts). 
From March 8 to June 7, 2007, selections from his collection of drawings were the subject of an exhibition at the Louvre museum, "Philippe de Chennevières - Collector of French 19th Century Drawings".

</doc>
<doc id="20609794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609794" title="Restout">
Restout

The Restout family was a French dynasty of painters from Normandy, including the painters:

</doc>
<doc id="20609804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609804" title="Kingdom of Aksum">
Kingdom of Aksum

The Kingdom of Aksum or Axum, also known as the Aksumite Empire, was an important trading nation in the area of what is now Eritrea and northern Ethiopia, which existed from approximately 100–940 AD. It grew from the proto-Aksumite Iron Age period c. 4th century BC to achieve prominence by the 1st century AD, and was a major player in the commerce between the Roman Empire and Ancient India. The Aksumite rulers facilitated trade by minting their own currency, the state established its hegemony over the declining Kingdom of Kush and regularly entered the politics of the kingdoms on the Arabian peninsula, eventually extending its rule over the region with the conquest of the Himyarite Kingdom.
The Axumites erected a number of large stelae, which served a religious purpose in pre-Christian times. One of these granite columns is the largest such structure in the world, standing at 90 feet. Under Ezana (fl. 320–360), Aksum later adopted Christianity. In the 7th century, early Muslims from Mecca also sought refuge from Quraysh persecution by travelling to the kingdom, a journey known in Islamic history as the First Hijra.
Its ancient capital, also called Aksum, was in northern Ethiopia. The Kingdom used the name "Ethiopia" as early as the 4th century. It is also the alleged resting place of the Ark of the Covenant and the purported home of the Queen of Sheba.
Historical records.
Aksum is mentioned in the 1st-century AD "Periplus of the Erythraean Sea" as an important market place for ivory, which was exported throughout the ancient world, and states that the ruler of Aksum in the 1st century AD was Zoskales, who, besides ruling in Aksum also controlled two harbours on the Red Sea: Adulis (near Massawa) and Assab located in Eritrea. He is also said to have been familiar with Greek literature.
History.
Origins.
Aksum was previously thought to have been founded by Semitic-speaking Sabaeans who crossed the Red Sea from South Arabia (modern Yemen) on the basis of Conti Rossini's theories and prolific work on Ethiopian history—but most scholars now agree that when it was founded it was an indigenous African development.
Over 95% of Aksum remains unexplored beneath the modern city & its surrounding area.
Scholars like Stuart Munro-Hay point to the existence of an older D'mt or Da'amot kingdom, prior to any Sabaean migration c. 4th or 5th century BC, as well as to evidence of Sabaean immigrants having resided in the region for little more than a few decades. Furthermore, Ge'ez, the ancient Semitic language of Eritrea and Ethiopia, is now known not to have derived from Sabaean, and there is evidence of a Semitic speaking presence in Eritrea and Ethiopia at least as early as 2000 BC.
Sabaean influence is now thought to have been minor, limited to a few localities, and disappearing after a few decades or a century, perhaps representing a trading or military colony in some sort of symbiosis or military alliance with the civilization of D'mt or some proto-Aksumite state. Confusingly, there existed an Ethiopian city called Saba in the ancient period that does not seem to have been a Sabaean settlement.
Empire.
The Empire of Aksum at its height at times extended across most of present-day Eritrea, northern Ethiopia, Western Yemen, southern Saudi Arabia and Sudan. The capital city of the empire was Aksum, now in northern Ethiopia. Today a smaller community, the city of Aksum was once a bustling metropolis, cultural and economic center. Two hills and two streams lie on the east and west expanses of the city; perhaps providing the initial impetus for settling this area. Along the hills and plain outside the city, the Aksumites had cemeteries with elaborate grave stones called stelae, or obelisks. Other important cities included Yeha, Hawulti-Melazo, Matara, Adulis, and Qohaito, the last three of which are now in Eritrea.
In the 3rd century, Aksum began intervening in South Arabian affairs, controlling at times the western Tihama region among other areas. It dominated states on the Arabian Peninsula across the Red Sea, making them pay Aksum a regular tribute By the reign of Endubis in the late 3rd century it had begun minting its own currency and was named by Mani as one of the four great powers of his time along with Persia, Rome, and China. It converted to Christianity in 325 or 328 under King Ezana and was the first state ever to use the image of the cross on its coins. By 350, they conquered the Kingdom of Kush. At its height, Aksum controlled northern Ethiopia, Eritrea, northern Sudan, southern Egypt, Djibouti, Western Yemen, and southern Saudi Arabia, totaling 1.25 million square kilometers 
Around 520, the King Kaleb sent an expedition to Yemen against the Jewish Himyarite King Dhu Nuwas, who was persecuting the Christian/Aksumite community in his kingdom. Dhu Nuwas was deposed and killed and Kaleb appointed a Christian Himyarite, Sumuafa Ashawa, as his viceroy. However, around 525 this viceroy was deposed by the Aksumite general Abreha with support of Ethiopians who had settled in Yemen, and withheld tribute to Kaleb. When Kaleb sent another expedition against Abreha this force defected, killing their commander, and joining Abreha. Another expedition sent against them was defeated, leaving Yemen under Abreha's rule, where he continued to promote the Christian faith until his death, not long after which Yemen was conquered by the Persians. According to Munro-Hay these wars may have been Aksum's swan-song as a great power, with an overall weakening of Aksumite authority and over-expenditure in money and manpower. According to Ethiopian traditions, Kaleb eventually abdicated and retired to a monastery. It is also possible that Ethiopia was affected by the Plague of Justinian around this time.
Aksum remained a strong, though weakened, empire and trading power until the rise of Islam in the 7th century. However, unlike the relations between the Islamic powers and Christian Europe, Aksum (see Sahama), which provided shelter to Muhammad's early followers around 615, was on good terms with its Islamic neighbors. Nevertheless, as early as 640, Umar ibn al-Khattāb sent a naval expedition against Adulis under Alkama bin Mujazziz, but it was eventually defeated. Aksumite naval power also declined throughout the period, though in 702 Aksumite pirates were able to invade the Hejaz and occupy Jeddah. In retaliation, however, Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik was able to take the Dahlak Archipelago from Aksum, which became Muslim from that point on, though later recovered in the 9th century and vassal to the Emperor of Ethiopia.
Decline.
Eventually, the Islamic Empire took control of the Red Sea and most of the Nile, forcing Aksum into economic isolation. Northwest of Aksum in modern day Sudan, the Christian states of Makuria and Alodia lasted till the 13th century before becoming Islamic. Aksum, isolated, nonetheless still remained Christian.
After a second golden age in the early 6th century, the empire began to decline, eventually ceasing its production of coins in the early 7th century. Around this same time, the Aksumite population was forced to go farther inland to the highlands for protection, abandoning Aksum as the capital. Arab writers of the time continued to describe Ethiopia (no longer referred to as Aksum) as an extensive and powerful state, though they had lost control of most of the coast and their tributaries. While land was lost in the north, it was gained in the south, and though Ethiopia was no longer an economic power it still attracted Arab merchants. The capital was moved to a new location, currently unknown, though it may have been called Ku'bar or Jarmi.
Local history holds that around 960 a Jewish Queen named Yodit (Judith) or "Gudit" defeated the empire and burned its churches and literature, but while there is evidence of churches being burned and an invasion around this time, her existence has been questioned by some modern authors. Another possibility is that the Aksumite power was ended by a southern pagan queen named Bani al-Hamwiyah, possibly of the tribe al-Damutah or Damoti (Sidama). It is clear from contemporary sources that a female usurper did indeed rule the country at this time, and that her reign ended some time before 1003. After a short Dark Age, the Aksumite Empire was succeeded by the Agaw Zagwe dynasty in the 11th or 12th century (most likely around 1137), although limited in size and scope. However, Yekuno Amlak, who killed the last Zagwe king and founded the modern Solomonic dynasty around 1270 traced his ancestry and his right to rule from the last emperor of Aksum, Dil Na'od. It should be mentioned that the end of the Aksumite Empire didn't mean the end of Aksumite culture and traditions; for example the architecture of the Zagwe dynasty at Lalibela and Yemrehana Krestos Church shows heavy Askumite influence.
Other reasons for the decline are more scientific in nature. Climate change and trade isolation are probably also large reasons for the decline of the culture. Overfarming of the land led to decreased crop yield, which in turn led to decreased food supply. This, in turn with the changing flood pattern of the Nile and several seasons of drought, is likely to have undermined Aksum's economy.
Foreign relations, trade and economy.
Covering parts of what is now northern Ethiopia and Eritrea, Aksum was deeply involved in the trade network between India and the Mediterranean (Rome, later Byzantium), exporting ivory, tortoise shell, gold and emeralds, and importing silk and spices. Aksum's access to both the Red Sea and the Upper Nile enabled its strong navy to profit in trade between various African (Nubia), Arabian (Yemen), and Indian states.
The main exports of Aksum were, as would be expected of a state during this time, agricultural products. The land was much more fertile during the time of the Aksumites than now, and their principal crops were grains such as wheat and barley. The people of Aksum also raised cattle, sheep, and camels. Wild animals were also hunted for things such as ivory and rhinoceros horns. They traded with Roman traders as well as with Egyptian and Persian merchants. The empire was also rich with gold and iron deposits. These metals were valuable to trade, but another mineral was also widely traded. Salt was found richly in Aksum and was traded quite frequently.
It benefited from a major transformation of the maritime trading system that linked the Roman Empire and India. This change took place around the start of the 1st century. The older trading system involved coastal sailing and many intermediary ports. The Red Sea was of secondary importance to the Persian Gulf and overland connections to the Levant. Starting around 100 BC a route from Egypt to India was established, making use of the Red Sea and using monsoon winds to cross the Arabian Sea directly to southern India. By about 100 AD the volume of traffic being shipped on this route had eclipsed older routes. Roman demand for goods from southern India increased dramatically, resulting in greater number of large ships sailing down the Red Sea from Roman rule in Egypt to the Arabian Sea and India.
The Kingdom of Aksum was ideally located to take advantage of the new trading situation. Adulis soon became the main port for the export of African goods, such as ivory, incense, gold, slaves, and exotic animals. In order to supply such goods the kings of Aksum worked to develop and expand an inland trading network. A rival, and much older trading network that tapped the same interior region of Africa was that of the Kingdom of Kush, which had long supplied Egypt with African goods via the Nile corridor. By the 1st century AD, however, Aksum had gained control over territory previously Kushite. The "Periplus of the Erythraean Sea" explicitly describes how ivory collected in Kushite territory was being exported through the port of Adulis instead of being taken to Meroë, the capital of Kush. During the 2nd and 3rd centuries the Kingdom of Aksum continued to expand their control of the southern Red Sea basin. A caravan route to Egypt was established which bypassed the Nile corridor entirely. Aksum succeeded in becoming the principal supplier of African goods to the Roman Empire, not least as a result of the transformed Indian Ocean trading system.
Society.
The Aksumite population consisted of Semitic-speaking people (collectively known as Habeshas), Cushitic-speaking people, and Nilo-Saharan-speaking people (the Kunama and Nara).
The Aksumite kings had the official title ነገሠ ፡ ነገሠተ "ngś ngśt" - King of Kings (later vocalization Ge'ez ንጉሠ ፡ ነገሥት "nigūśa nagaśt", Modern Ethiosemitic "nigūse negest").
Aksumites did own slaves, and a modified feudal system was in place to farm the land.
Culture.
The Empire of Aksum is notable for a number of achievements, such as its own alphabet, the Ge'ez alphabet which was eventually modified to include vowels, becoming an abugida. Furthermore, in the early times of the empire, around 1700 years ago, giant Obelisks to mark emperor's (and nobles') tombs (underground grave chambers) were constructed, the most famous of which is the Obelisk of Aksum.
Under Emperor Ezana, Aksum adopted Christianity in place of its former polytheistic and Judaic religions around 325. This gave rise to the present day Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church (only granted autonomy from the Coptic Church in 1953), and Eritrean Orthodox Tewahdo Church (granted autonomy from the Ethiopian Orthodox church in 1993). Since the schism with orthodoxy following the Council of Chalcedon (451), it has been an important Miaphysite church, and its scriptures and liturgy continue to be in Ge'ez.
Religion.
Before its conversion to Christianity, the Aksumites practiced a polytheistic religion related to the religion practiced in southern Arabia. This included the use of the crescent-and-disc symbol used in southern Arabia and the northern horn. In the UNESCO sponsored "General History of Africa" French archaeologist Francis Anfray. suggests that the pagan Aksumites worshipped Astar, his son, Mahrem, and Beher.
Steve Kaplan argues that with Aksumite culture came a major change in religion, with only Astar remaining of the old gods, the others being replaced by what he calls a "triad of indigenous divinities, Mahrem, Beher and Medr." He also suggests that Aksum culture was significantly influenced by Judaism, saying that "The first carriers of Judaism reached Ethiopia between the rise of the Aksumite kingdom at the beginning of the Common Era and conversion to Christianity of King Ezana in the fourth century." He believes that although Ethiopian tradition suggests that these were present in large numbers, that "A relatively small number of texts and individuals dwelling in the cultural, economic, and political center could have had a considerable impact." and that "their influence was diffused throughout Ethiopian culture in its formative period By the time Christianity took hold in the fourth century, many of the originally Hebraic-Jewish elements had been adopted by much of the indigenous population and were no longer viewed as foreign characteristics. Nor were they perceived as in conflict with the acceptance of Christianity."
Before converting to Christianity King Ezana II's coins and inscriptions show that he might have worshiped the gods Astar, Beher, Meder/Medr, and Mahrem. Another of Ezana's inscriptions is clearly Christian and refers to "the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit". Around 324 AD the King Ezana II was converted to Christianity by his teacher Frumentius, the founder of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. Frumentius taught the emperor while he was young, and it is believed that at some point staged the conversion of the empire. We know that the Aksumites converted to Christianity because in their coins they replaced the disc and crescent with the cross. Frumentius was in contact with the Church of Alexandria, and was appointed Bishop of Ethiopia around the year 330. The Church of Alexandria never closely managed the affairs of the churches in Aksum, allowing them to develop their own unique form of Christianity. However, the Church of Alexandria probably did retain some influence considering that the churches of Aksum followed the Church of Alexandria into Oriental Orthodoxy by rejecting the Fourth Ecumenical Council of Chalcedon. Aksum is also the alleged home of the holy relic the Ark of the Covenant. The Ark is said to have been placed in the Church of Our Lady Mary of Zion by Menelik I for safekeeping.
Ethiopian sources.
Ethiopian sources such as the Kebra Nagast and the Fetha Nagast describe Aksum as a Jewish Kingdom. The Kebra Nagast contains a narrative of how the Queen of Sheba/Queen Makeda of Ethiopia met King Solomon and traces Ethiopia's to Menelik I, her son by King Solomon of Israel. In its existing form the Kebra Nagast is at least 700 years old and is considered by many Orthodox Christians to be an inspired and a reliable work.
Coinage.
The Empire of Aksum was one of the first African polities economically and politically ambitious enough to issue its own coins, which bore legends in Ge'ez and Greek. From the reign of Endubis up to Armah (approximately 270 to 610), gold, silver and bronze coins were minted. Issuing coinage in ancient times was an act of great importance in itself, for it proclaimed that the Aksumite Empire considered itself equal to its neighbors. Many of the coins are used as signposts about what was happening when they were minted. An example being the addition of the cross to the coin after the conversion of the empire to Christianity. The presence of coins also simplified trade, and was at once a useful instrument of propaganda and a source of profit to the empire.
Architecture.
Domestic Architecture.
In general, elite Aksumite buildings such as palaces were constructed atop podia built of loose stones held together with mud-mortar, with carefully cut granite corner blocks which rebated back a few centimeters at regular intervals as the wall got higher, so the walls narrowed as they rose higher. These podia are often all that survive of Aksumite ruins. Above the podia, walls were generally build with alternating layers of loose stone (often whitewashed, like at Yemrehana Krestos Church) and horizontal wooden beams, with smaller round wooden beams set in the stonework often projecting out of the walls (these are called 'monkey heads') on the exterior and sometimes the interior. Both the podia and the walls above exhibited no long straight stretches, but were indented at regular intervals so that any long walls consisted of a series of recesses and salients. This helped to strengthen the walls. Worked granite was used for architectural features including columns, bases, capitals, doors, windows, paving, water spouts (often shaped like lion heads) and so on, as well as enormous flights of stairs that often flanked the walls of palace pavilions on several sides. Doors and windows were usually framed by stone or wooden cross-members, linked at the corners by square 'monkey heads', though simple lintels were also used. Many of these Aksumite features are seen carved into the famous stelae as well as in the later rock hewn churches of Tigray and Lalibela.
Palaces usually consisted of a central pavilion surrounded by subsidiary structures peirced by doors and gates that provided some privacy (see Dungur for an example). The largest of these structures now known is the Ta'akha Maryam, which measured 120 x 80m, though as it's pavilion was smaller than others discovered it is likely that others were even larger.
Some clay models of houses survive to give us an idea of what smaller dwellings were like. One depicts a round hut with a conical roof thatched in layers, while another depicts a rectangular house with rectangular doors and windows, a roof supported by beams that end in 'monkey heads', and a parapet and water spout on the roof. Both were found in Hawelti. Another depicts a square house with what appear to be layers of pitched thatch forming the roof.
Stelae.
The Stelae (hawilt/hawilti in local languages) are perhaps the most identifiable part of the Aksumite legacy. These stone towers served to mark graves and represent a magnificent multi-storied palace. They are decorated with false doors and windows in typical Aksumite design. The largest of these towering obelisks would measure 33 meters high had it not fallen. The Stelae have most of their mass out of the ground, but are stabilized by massive underground counter-weights. The stone was often engraved with a pattern or emblem denoting the king's or the noble's rank.
In fiction.
The Aksumite Empire is portrayed as the main ally of Byzantium in the Belisarius series by David Drake and Eric Flint published by Baen Books. The series takes place during the reign of Kaleb, who in the series was assassinated by the Malwa in 532 at the Ta'akha Maryam and succeeded by his youngest son Eon bisi Dakuen.
In Elizabeth Wein's series "The Lion Hunters", Mordred and his family take refuge in Aksum after the fall of Camelot. Kaleb is the ruler in the first book; he passes his sovereignty onto his son Gebre Meskal, who rules during the Plague of Justinian.

</doc>
<doc id="20609811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609811" title="St John's Renfield Church">
St John's Renfield Church

St. John's Renfield Church is a parish church of the Church of Scotland, serving Kelvindale in the west end of Glasgow, Scotland. It is within the Church of Scotland's Presbytery of Glasgow.
Location.
The church building is situated in Beaconsfield Road, Kelvindale (within the G12 postcode area). The church is visible from the Great Western Road. Gartnavel General Hospital, Gartnavel Royal Hospital and the Glasgow Nuffield Hospital are located nearby.
History.
The congregation has its roots in three separate congregations of the United Free Church of Scotland, namely St John's UF Church and Renfield UF Church (both located in Glasgow's city centre) and Hyndland UF Church. The two city centre churches resulted from the Disruption of 1843, breaking away from Church of Scotland congregations of the same name.
In 1923, St John's UF Church and Renfield UF Church united, henceforth using the Renfield UF Church buildings in Elmbank Street (at Bath Street), with the former St John's buildings being sold and later demolished. This was, however, only a temporary development. Recognising the move of population to the suburbs, the congregation further united with Hyndland UF Church in 1927. The church was "transported" (i.e. relocated) to the new church building in Beaconsfield Road in 1931.
Building.
The church was dedicated in January 1931. The new building was planned by the United Free Church of Scotland, but by the time of completion the UF Church had already united (in 1929) with the Church of Scotland. On 15 December 1970 the church was designated as a Category B listed building.
The church was designed in a Gothic revival style by the architect James Taylor Thomson (1887–1953). He won the competition to design the church in 1927; it was built between 1929 and 1930. Thomson's wedding took place in the church in 1931. The church also includes elaborate oak carvings and stained glass by Douglas Strachan and Gordon Webster. Also in Glasgow, Thomson designed High Carntyne Parish Church and was involved in designing the chapel of the University of Glasgow and much of the 1937 Empire Exhibition site in Bellahouston Park.
Ministry.
The minister (since 2009) is the Rev Fiona Lillie, who was previously minister at Stromness Parish Church, Orkney. The previous minister, the Rev Dugald Cameron, is now minister in Oban.
A former minister (1966–1976) was the Very Rev Dr James A. Simpson, who subsequently moved to Dornoch Cathedral and became Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1994. His successor was the Rev Colin McIntosh, who subsequently became minister of Dunblane Cathedral (in 1988).
The Very Rev Dr Sheilagh M. Kesting, the first woman minister to be Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland, was a Probationer for the Ministry at St John's Renfield (prior to being ordained and inducted to Overtown Parish Church in Lanarkshire).

</doc>
<doc id="20609823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609823" title="Marc Restout">
Marc Restout

Marc Restout (14 February 1616, Caen - 3 April 1684, Caen) was a French painter. The son of Marguerin Restout, he belonged to the famous Restout dynasty of painters. He was a prolific painter and won a major reputation in Flanders, Holland and Rome, having accompanied Poussin to Rome in 1642. By his death he was an échevin in Caen.
He had ten children, most of whom became painters, including Jacques Restout, Eustache Restout, Jean I Restout, Charles Restout, Thomas Restout, Pierre Restout and Marc Antoine Restout.

</doc>
<doc id="20609832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609832" title="Ewa Sonnet">
Ewa Sonnet

Ewa Sonnet (born Beata Kornelia Dąbrowska on March 8, 1985) is a Polish glamour model and pop singer. Sonnet is the leading model of the "Polish Busty" models.
Career in the entertainment industry.
Ewa Sonnet was born in Rybnik, in southern Poland. After high school, Sonnet was discovered by a person working for the entertainment industry, and agreed to become a photo model. In late 2003, she began to model for the popular Polish web site Busty.pl. Sonnet posed topless for pictorials and videos for the site.
In November 2005, Sonnet posed topless for the Polish magazine "CKM". It was her first magazine pictorial. In the interview with "CKM", Sonnet said that her breasts are all natural. She embarked on a music career, and on December 11, 2005, Sonnet made her first television appearance on "The Kuba Wojewódzki Show" on the Polsat channel in Poland to promote her new album "Nielegalna" ("Illegal").
In January 2006, Sonnet began performing concerts throughout Poland. "Nielegalna" was released in October 2006. Since launching her music career, she has received wide recognition and been featured in magazines, on television, and in an interview for University of San Francisco radio station KUSF in March 2006.
In September 2007, Sonnet took part in the Polish television show "Gwiazdy Tańczą na Lodzie" with skating partner Łukasz Jóźwiak. She posed again in the November 2006 and 2007 issues of "CKM". She is the subject of numerous controversies involving unauthorized use of her image in pop culture. 

</doc>
<doc id="20609852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609852" title="Fini Scad">
Fini Scad

Fini Scad were an Australian alternative rock band of the 1990s. They had a minor hit with their single Coppertone, which reached No. 42 in the 1996 Triple J Hottest 100, and were nominated for two ARIA Awards in 1997, both for their "Coppertone/Testrider" double A-side. They released one album, "Wider Screen" in 1998, and disbanded later the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20609854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609854" title="Jacques Restout">
Jacques Restout

Jacques Restout (c. 1650 – c. 1701) was a French painter of the Restout dynasty (the son of Marc Restout) and a Premonstratensian canon regular. Born in Caen, he was a student of Le Tellier and became prior of the abbaye de Moncets near Reims.

</doc>
<doc id="20609862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609862" title="AACS encryption key controversy">
AACS encryption key controversy

A controversy surrounding the AACS cryptographic key arose in April 2007 when the Motion Picture Association of America and the Advanced Access Content System Licensing Administrator, LLC (AACS LA) began issuing cease and desist letters to websites publishing a 128-bit (16-byte) number, represented in hexadecimal as 09 F9 11 02 9D 74 E3 5B D8 41 56 C5 63 56 88 C0 (commonly referred to as 09 F9), a cryptographic key for HD DVDs and Blu-ray Discs. The letters demanded the immediate removal of the key and any links to it, citing the anti-circumvention provisions of the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
In response to widespread Internet postings of the key, the AACS LA issued various press statements, praising those websites that complied with their requests as acting in a "responsible manner", warning that "legal and technical tools" were adapting to the situation.
The controversy was further escalated in early May 2007, when aggregate news site Digg received a DMCA cease and desist notice and then removed numerous articles on the matter and banned users reposting the information.
This sparked what some describe as a digital revolt or "cyber-riot", in which users posted and spread the key on Digg, and throughout the Internet "en masse", thereby leading to the Streisand effect. The AACS LA described this situation as an "interesting new twist".
Background.
Hexadecimal is a base-16 numeral system used in the fields of computer programming and mathematics. The key is an ordinary number most widely known by its hexadecimal representation; in decimal notation, it is 13,256,278,887,989,457,651,018,865,901,401,704,640.
Because the encryption key may be used as part of circumvention technology forbidden by the DMCA, its possession and distribution has been viewed as illegal by the AACS, as well as by some legal professionals. Since it is a 128-bit numerical value, it was dubbed an illegal number. Opponents to the expansion of the scope of copyright criticize the idea of making a particular number illegal.
Commercial HD DVDs and Blu-ray Discs integrate copy protection technology specified by the AACS LA. There are several interlocking encryption mechanisms, such that cracking one part of the system does not necessarily crack other parts. Therefore, the "09 F9" key is only one of many parts that are needed to play a disc on an unlicensed player.
The AACS system can be used to revoke a key of a specific playback device, after it is known to have been compromised, as it has for WinDVD. The compromised players can still be used to view old discs, but not newer releases without encryption keys for the compromised players. If other players are then cracked, further revocation would lead to legitimate users of compromised players being forced to upgrade or replace their player software or firmware in order to view new discs. Each playback device comes with a binary tree of secret device and processing keys. The processing key in this tree, a requirement to play the AACS encrypted discs, is selected based on the device key and the information on the disc to be played. As such, a processing key such as the "09 F9" key is not revoked, but newly produced discs cause the playback devices to select a different valid processing key to decrypt the discs.
Timeline of AACS cracking.
2006.
On December 26, 2006, a person using the alias "muslix64" published a utility named BackupHDDVD and its source code on the DVD decryption forum at the website "Doom9". BackupHDDVD can be used to decrypt AACS protected content once one knows the encryption key. muslix64 claimed to have found title and volume keys in main memory while playing HD DVDs using a software player, and that finding them is not difficult.
2007.
On January 1, 2007, muslix64 published a new version of the program, with volume key support. On January 12, 2007, other forum members detailed how to find other title and volume keys, stating they had also found the keys of several movies in RAM while running WinDVD.
On or about January 13, a title key was posted on pastebin.com in the form of a riddle, which was solved by entering terms into the Google search engine. By converting these results to hexadecimal, a correct key could be formed. Later that day, the first cracked HD DVD, "Serenity", was uploaded on a private torrent tracker. The AACS LA confirmed on January 26 that the title keys on certain HD DVDs had been published without authorization.
Doom9.org forum user "arnezami" found and published the "09 F9" AACS processing key on February 11:
This key is not specific to any playback device or DVD title. Doom9.org forum user "jx6bpm" claimed on March 4 to have revealed CyberLink's PowerDVD's key, and that it was the key in use by AnyDVD.
The AACS LA announced on April 16 that it had revoked the decryption keys associated with certain software high-definition DVD players, which will not be able to decrypt AACS encrypted disks mastered after April 23, without an update of the software.
On May 17, one week before any discs with the updated processing key had reached retail, claims were reported of the new keys having been retrieved from a preview disc of "The Matrix Trilogy". On May 23, the key 45 5F E1 04 22 CA 29 C4 93 3F 95 05 2B 79 2A B2 was posted on Edward Felten's "Freedom to Tinker Blog" and confirmed a week later by "arnezami" on Doom9 as the new processing key (MKB v3).
2008.
In August, two new processing keys were posted:
2009.
In March, two additional processing keys were posted:
While individual discs have been decrypted containing media key block version 17, processing keys for versions past 10 have not yet been released to the public.
Many more later keys were discovered, but most were not released publicly, probably because that would make them easier to revoke. Programs like MakeMKV can decrypt even disks encrypted with keys version 46.
DMCA notices and Digg.
As early as April 17, 2007, AACS LA had issued DMCA violation notices, sent by Charles S. Sims of Proskauer Rose. Following this, dozens of notices were sent to various websites hosted in the United States.
On May 1, 2007, in response to a DMCA demand letter, technology news site Digg began closing accounts and removing posts containing or alluding to the key. The Digg community reacted by creating a flood of posts containing the key, many using creative ways of semi-directly or indirectly inserting the number, such as in song or images (either representing the digits pictorially or directly representing bytes from the key as colors) or on merchandise. At one point, Digg's "entire homepage was covered with links to the HD-DVD code or anti-Digg references." Eventually the Digg administrators reversed their position, with founder Kevin Rose stating:
Legal opinions.
Lawyers and other representatives of the entertainment industry, including Michael Ayers, an attorney for Toshiba Corporation, expressed surprise at Digg's decision, but suggested that a suit aimed at Digg might merely spread the information more widely.
The American Bar Association's "eReport" published a discussion of the controversy, in which Eric Goldman at Santa Clara University's High Tech Law Institute noted that the illegality of putting the code up is questionable (that Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act may protect the provider when the material itself is not copyrighted), although continuing to allow posting of the key may be "risky", and entertainment lawyer Carole Handler noted that even if the material is illegal, laws such as the DMCA may prove ineffective in a practical sense.
Impact.
In a response to the events occurring on Digg and the call to "Spread this number", the key was rapidly posted to thousands of pages, blogs and wikis across the Internet. The reaction was an example of the Streisand effect; when attempts by Barbra Streisand to censor aerial photographs of her house led to their mass publication.
Intellectual property lawyer Douglas J. Sorocco noted, "People are getting creative. It shows the futility of trying to stop this. Once the information is out there, cease-and-desist letters are going to infuriate this community more." Outside of the Internet and the mass media, the key has appeared in or on T-shirts, poetry, songs and music videos, illustrations and other graphic artworks, tattoos and body art, and comic strips.
On Tuesday afternoon, May 1, 2007, a Google search for the key returned 9,410 results, while the same search the next morning returned nearly 300,000 results. On Friday, the BBC reported that a search on Google shows almost 700,000 pages have published the key, despite the fact that on April 17, the AACS LA sent a DMCA notice to Google, demanding that Google stop returning any results for searches for the key.
Widespread news coverage included speculation on the development of user-driven websites, the legal liability of running a user-driven website, the perception of acceptance of DRM, the failure as a business model of "secrecy based businesses ... in every aspect" in the Internet era, and the harm an industry can cause itself with harshly-perceived legal action.
In an opposing move, Carter Wood of the National Association of Manufacturers said they had removed the "Digg It"-link from their weblog.
Media coverage initially avoided quoting the key itself. However, several US-based news sources have run stories containing the key, quoting its use on Digg,
though none are known to have received DMCA notices as a result. Later reports have discussed this, quoting the key. Current TV broadcast the key during a "Google Current" story on the Digg incident on May 3, 2007, displaying it in full on screen for several seconds and placing the story on the station website.
Wikipedia, on May 1, 2007, locked out the page named for the number "to prevent the former secret from being posted again. The page on HD DVD was locked, too, to keep out The Number." This action was later reversed.
AACS LA reaction.
On May 7, 2007, the AACS LA announced on its website that it had "requested the removal solely of illegal circumvention tools, including encryption keys, from a number of web sites", and that it had "not requested the removal or deletion of any ... discussion or commentary". The statement continued, "AACS LA is encouraged by the cooperation it has received thus far from the numerous web sites that have chosen to address their legal obligations in a responsible manner." BBC News had earlier quoted an AACS executive saying that bloggers "crossed the line", that AACS was looking at "legal and technical tools" to confront those who published the key, and that the events involving Digg were an "interesting new twist".

</doc>
<doc id="20609863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609863" title="Weather and climate">
Weather and climate

Weather is the condition of the atmosphere at a particular place over a short period of time. For example, on a particular day in Trinidad, the weather is warm in the afternoon. But later in the day, when there are clouds blocking Sun's rays, the weather would become cooler.
Climate refers to the weather pattern of a place over a long period, maybe 30 years or more, "long enough to yield meaningful averages" (). For example, although the weather in Pakistan may be cool and dry today, Pakistan's climate is hot most of the time.
Meteorology studies weather, while Climatology studies climate.
There are several elements that make up the weather and climate of a place. The major of these elements are five: temperature, pressure, wind, humidity, and rain. Analysis of these elements can provide the basis for forecasting weather and defining its climate. These same elements make also the basis of climatology study, of course, within a longer time scale rather than it does in meteorology.
Elements of weather and climate 
Modifying factors of weather and climate.
The more important are also five: latitude, altitude, distance to the ocean and/ or sea, orientation of mountain ranges toward prevailing winds and ocean currents.
References.
http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/noaa-n/climate/climate_weather.html

</doc>
<doc id="20609866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609866" title="Pins and Needles (Chris Caffery album)">
Pins and Needles (Chris Caffery album)

Pins and Needles is a 2007 album by Savatage guitarist Chris Caffery.

</doc>
<doc id="20609872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609872" title="Pierre Le Tellier">
Pierre Le Tellier

Pierre Le Tellier (1614, Vernon – c. 1702, Rouen) was a French painter. Nephew and student of Poussin, Pierre Le Tellier spent 14 years at his side in Rome. 
He painted many paintings distinguished for their simplicity of composition, 6 of which are now in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen – "Vision de saint Bernard", "Apparition de Jésus à saint Pierre", "Siméon et l’enfant Jésus", "Le repos en Égypte", "Saint Joseph et l’enfant Jésus", "Trois anges", "Jésus et saint Pierre", "Christ mort", "Notre Dame du rosaire" and "Les pèlerins d’Emmaüs".

</doc>
<doc id="20609875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609875" title="Marlene Castle">
Marlene Castle

 
 
 
Marlene Castle (born 13 March 1944 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand. 
The veteran of four Commonwealth Games won her first medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games, earning a silver in the women's fours. Again as part of the women's fours team she won a bronze medal at the 1994 Commonwealth Games. Her last Commonwealth medal was at the 2002 Commonwealth Games where she won a bronze in the women's singles.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20609886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609886" title="Musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen">
Musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen

The musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen is an art museum in Rouen, northern France. Founded in 1801 by Napoleon I, its current building was built between 1880 and 1888 and completely renovated in 1994. It houses painting, sculpture, drawing and decorative art collections.
History.
Built between 1877 and 1888 on a design by architect Louis Sauvageot, the museum features a collection of paintings, sculptures, drawings and objets d'art from the Renaissance to the present age, including a rare collection of Russian icons from the 15th to the beginning of the 19th century. The museum's exceptional Depeaux collection, consisting in paintings donation in 1909, places it at the forefront of French provincial museums for Impressionism.
The drawings exhibition room houses over 8000 pieces spanning from the Renaissance to the 20th century. The museum also hosts temporary exhibitions as well as odd contemporary art exhibitions. In 2006, the museum offered eight exhibitions, including the "Masterpieces of Florence Museums", which raised the number of visitors from 87,000 to 154,0003. Permanent collections are exhibited in 60 rooms. The museum receives some funding from sponsorship. In 2007, its acquisition budget was € 150 000 a year. The present director is Laurent Salomé.
Paintings.
The painting collection is of particular interest : every European school is represented, from the 15th to the 21st century. Among the most important painters whose work is featured in the museum one can find :
Sculptures.
The Musée des Beaux-Arts de Rouen houses a lost statue by Pierre Paul Puget. This statue of "Hercules slaying the Hydra of Lerna" was originally in the castle of Vaudreuil, and was discovered, in 1882, by Adolphe-André Porée on the grounds of the Biéville-Beuville castle.

</doc>
<doc id="20609892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609892" title="Darklands (song)">
Darklands (song)

"Darklands" is a song by the Scottish rock band The Jesus & Mary Chain and the third single from their album of the same name, "Darklands". It was released in October 1987 by Blanco y Negro Records on 7-inch vinyl, 10-inch vinyl, 12-inch vinyl and as a CD single. The 10-inch and the CD were entitled "E.P.".
The single reached number 33 on the UK Singles Chart and number 23 on the Irish Singles Chart. William Reid was the producer for all the tracks with Bill Price co-producing "Darklands" and John Loder co-producing "Rider", "On the Wall (Porta Studio Demo)", "Here It Comes Again" and "Surfin' U.S.A. (April out-take)".
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jim Reid and William Reid, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20609909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609909" title="Wendy Jensen">
Wendy Jensen

 
Wendy Jensen (born 22 January 1964 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand. She won a bronze medal in the women's fours at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20609921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20609921" title="Eustache Restout">
Eustache Restout

Eustache Restout (12 November 1655, Caen - 1 November 1743, Mondaye) was a French architect, engraver, painter and Premonstratensian canon regular, belonging to the artistic Restout dynasty. At his death he was sub-prior of abbaye Saint-Martin de Mondaye - he had produced the plans on which that monastery was rebuilt and painted several paintings for it (now in Bayeux Cathedral). His students included his nephew Jean II Restout.

</doc>
