<doc id="20751105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751105" title="Republic Windows and Doors">
Republic Windows and Doors

Republic Windows and Doors was a Chicago, Illinois, USA-based producer of vinyl replacement windows. The company was founded in 1965 by William Spielman. The company was declared bankrupt on December 2, 2008. The property was put under the control of its major creditors, Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase.
Precursor.
Several months before the bankruptcy announcement, workers at the company's Goose Island warehouse had noticed that key pieces of equipment were being removed. The leaders of United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America[http://www.ueunion.org] (UE) Local 1110, workers in the factory, contacted the national union, concerned that the plant was going to be closed. Despite company assurances that the missing machinery had merely been removed to make way for more modern equipment, the union began covertly monitoring the plant. One night, while monitoring the plant, UE Local 1110 President and Republic maintenance worker Armando Robles and UE union organizer Mark Meinster planned a strategy to occupy the factory in the event of a plant closing.
Announced bankruptcy.
On December 3, 2008, the executives of the company announced to its workers that it would end operations on December 5 due to Bank of America, its main lender, canceling its line of credit due to a severe downturn in business at the plant. 
When the company's 260 employees learned that the plant was indeed closing permanently on December 2, 2008, they came to collect their paychecks. The company informed them that the employees would not be compensated for their accrued sick or vacation days and that their health insurance would be terminated on December 5.
The union lodged a complaint that the company was acting in violation of the WARN Act, a Federal law that requires companies to give workers 60 days' notice before mass layoffs. In total, the union claimed that the workers were owed US$1.5 million in vacation and severance pay, as well as an extension in their medical benefits.
Echo Windows.
Public records show that shortly before the closure of Republic Windows the owners purchased Echo Windows and Doors, a non-unionized window factory in Red Oak, Iowa. The union at Republic Windows later filed charges against this action.
Sitdown strike.
Beginning on the day of the closure, 200 of the 240 workers of the Goose Island factory began an organized sitdown strike to protest alleged violation of federal labor law by Republic in that the company did not give the workers 60 days notice prior to the announcement of closure (this, however, was allegedly based upon the lack of lending from Bank of America). 
The sit-in lasted until the workers reached a settlement with the factory over severance, vacation time, and temporary health care benefits; the settlement, which was reached on December 11 and amounted to over $1.75 million, was negotiated by the United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America (of whose Local 1110 branch the workers were members), Republic owners and Bank of America over three days.
On December 10, Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase agreed to create a $1.75 million fund to pay the workers their back pay and benefits and to provide two months of health insurance coverage.
On December 15, 2008, the company filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
Change of ownership.
In February 2009, Serious Materials, a Sunnyvale, California-based company that produces environmentally friendly building materials, announced that it had purchased the buildings and assets of Republic Windows. The company announced that it intended to hire back all of the former factory workers. This deal would have to be approved by the Republic Windows creditors and the bankruptcy court.
Criminal charges.
In September 2009, Cook County prosecutors charged that the sudden plant closing in December 2008 was part of a plot by CEO Richard Gillman, the head of Republic Windows. The prosecutors said that Gillman and two other undisclosed executives secretly trucked 10 semitrailers full of window manufacturing equipment from the plant, moving three trailers of equipment to Red Oak, Iowa. On January 1, 2009, Gillman took over a Red Oak window company that had been operating since 1985. But in February 2009 that company closed as well, laying off 120 employees.
In December 2013, Gillman was sentenced to four years in prison for stealing $500,000 from Republic Windows and Doors.
Book.
Kari Lydersen's blog on the sit-in was expanded into a book titled "Revolt on Goose Island". The book was released in June 2009.
2012 occupation.
On February 23, 2012, about 65 workers initiated a second sit-in strike of Serious Materials (formerly Republic Windows and Doors). The occupation was in response to factory owners Serious Energy's announcement that it would be closing the factory and consolidating operations in Colorado and Pennsylvania. Workers ended the occupation at approximately 2 AM on February 24, 2012, after owners agreed to keep the factory open for 90 days. United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America Local 1110 president Armando Robles said that he wanted workers to own and operate the plant themselves. Robles and other former Republic and Serious workers have now formed a worker cooperative that makes replacement windows, called New Era Windows.

</doc>
<doc id="20751121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751121" title="Painted Faces">
Painted Faces

Painted Faces (pinyin: Qī xiǎo fú, Cantonese: Cat1 siu2 fuk1), is a Hong Kong film directed by Alex Law. The movie was first released in 1988. The language spoken in this movie is Cantonese.
The Chinese title refers to the Seven Little Fortunes - Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung and his fellow opera-mates, who later made it big in the Hong Kong film industry. The film focuses on Master Yu Ho, their teacher, and his methods on bringing up his protégés.

</doc>
<doc id="20751127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751127" title="Yannakakis">
Yannakakis

Yannakakis is a family name of Greek origin. It may refer to one of the following persons.

</doc>
<doc id="20751149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751149" title="Moriz Heider">
Moriz Heider

Moriz Heider (June 21, 1816, Vienna - July 29, 1866, Vienna) was an Austrian dentist born in Vienna.
He studied medicine in Vienna, where he was an assistant to Georg Carabelli (1787-1842). In 1858 he became an associate professor at the University of Vienna.
Heider was a pioneer of modern dentistry, being remembered for introducing electrosurgery ("Galvanokaustik") into dentistry. He is also credited for being the first dentist in a German-speaking country to use a procedure called "Goldhämmerfüllungen", a technique used for installing gold fillings.
In 1861 he founded the "Vereins österreichischer Zahnärzte" (Austrian Association of Dentists), known today as the "Österreichische Gesellschaft für Zahn-, Mund- und Kieferheilkunde" or ÖGZMK (Austrian Society of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery). 
With histopathologist Carl Wedl (1815-1891}, he was co-author of the highly regarded "Atlas zur Pathologie der Zähne", a work later translated into English and published as "Atlas to the Pathology of the Teeth". After Heider's death in 1866, his pioneer work in dentistry was continued by his colleague Adolf Zsigmondy (1816-1880). 

</doc>
<doc id="20751166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751166" title="A Jest of God">
A Jest of God

A Jest of God is a novel by Canadian author Margaret Laurence. It was first published in 1966. It won the Governor General's Award for 1966 and was made into the Paul Newman/Joanne Woodward film "Rachel, Rachel".
Plot summary.
The novel follows schoolteacher Rachel Cameron through a summer affair and its consequences on her life. Although Rachel is in her 30's, the book serves to document a second adolescence as she comes to recognize herself as the adult to her aging mother.

</doc>
<doc id="20751175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751175" title="Clausilia rugosa">
Clausilia rugosa

Clausilia rugosa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20751183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751183" title="Frank Peterman">
Frank Peterman

Frank Winton Peterman, Jr. (born June 25, 1962) is a Democratic politician who was a member of the Florida House of Representatives for District 55 and who served as the Secretary of the Florida Department of Juvenile Justice. He was first elected to the Florida House in 2000 and served until 2008. He was appointed by Governor Charlie Crist to head the Department of Juvenile Justice in February 2008, where he served until February 2011. His appointment spurred a special election to serve out the remainder of his term that was won by Darryl Rouson, former St. Petersburg NAACP president. Peterman is married to St. Petersburg native June Kicklighter and has three children.
Early life and background.
A Baptist, Peterman was born in St. Petersburg, Florida. His parents were both civil rights pioneers in Pinellas County. His father, Frank Sr., was a graduate of Howard University and a civil rights lawyer. In 1968, he was the first African American in Pinellas County to win a primary election in a race for the Florida House of Representatives. He had arrived in St. Petersburg. He qualified March 18, 1966 and ran on a platform of a of education and tax equality. His mother, Peggy Peterman, was also a Howard University law school graduate. She worked for the "St. Petersburg Times" for 31 years as a reporter, columnist and editorial writer. Peterman graduated from Lakewood High School, where he played quarterback on the football team. In 1985, he graduated from Morehouse College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
He married June Renee Kicklighter on September 3, 1988, at Bethel Metropolitan Baptist Church, St. Petersburg. She was a graduate of Boca Ciega High School and Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University.
That same year, he graduated from a St. Petersburg leadership program. He attended Dallas Theological Seminary and received a Master of Arts degree in Biblical studies Program. He served on the St. Petersburg City Council from 1997 to 2000.
Entry into politics and election to city council.
In 1992, Peterman ran to replace Charles Shorter as councilman for District 6 of the St. Petersburg City Council. He ran on a change platform, and saying he would work toward economic development, crime prevention, and diversity in government. He had recently been appointed by Governor Lawton Chiles to the Pinellas County Housing Authority and worked in insurance. He also served as a member of the Community Alliance and a had served on the Enoch Davis Center advisory board. Prior to running, he had been program director for Blacks Against Dangerous Drugs (BADD). He also worked as a crime prevention specialist with the Pinellas County Urban League. He was defeated by returning City Councilman David T. Welch, who had served from 1981 to 1989. Peterman attributed his loss to Welch's greater name recognition.
Peterman faced Welch again four years later, when the "Times" called him the "quintessential Attractive Young Candidate of the '90s." During the campaign, he had expressed confidence that he would make a better showing and that he felt the voters were ready his ""fresh perspective." He had criticized Welch for not doing enough to bring economic development to the district and matching needs to resources. He listed his priorities as economic development, crime and safe, affordable housing. The St. Petersburg Times recommended Peterman over Welch in the 1997 election. The Times praised both for running positive, issue-based campaigns and for their ability to serve the community. They felt Peterman could better continue the work begun by Welch, building bridges to alienated Africa-American voters and bringing economic development to the district. Peterman won about twice as many votes as Welch in the primary in February 1997. The third contestant, Thomas R. Cuba, an environmental consultant, garnered only about 10% of the vote and was eliminated. In March, he went on to again defeat Welch by a large margin in the general election. That year, Jet magazine reported that Peterman was the youngest person to serve on the St. Petersburg City Council.
State House 55.
Peterman became the second Democrat to file to run for State House District 55 for the 2000 election, against Ernest Williams and incumbent Republican Representative Rudy Bradley. At the time, he said he sought to advocate for public schools, minorities, and the poor. Bradley felt he could better serve the residents of District 55 because he had switched to the Republican Party, which controlled the Legislature and the Governorship, and would be better connected with those in power. He was at the time unique as the only Black Republican in the Florida Legislature, and considered resigning his house seat to run for the Florida Senate. He eventually did so, leaving Peterman and Williams to contend for the House seat. No Republican filed to run, so the primary was open to all voters. Thirty two years after his father's unsuccessful State House bid, Peterman was elected to Florida House of Representatives district 55.
In April 2001, Peterman sponsored a school prayer bill that would permit non sectarian prayer at non compulsory events. In 2002, the Florida League of Conservation Voters ranked Peterman number 6 out of 120 legislators. Peterman and his mother were ordained at Bethel Community Baptist Church. He ran for re-election opposed by Republican Vincent K. Hopkins and Libertarian Party Thomas William Kilmon. Peterman's platform included economic development, better pay for teachers, small businesses financial and technical assistance, and support for an amendment to limit class sizes. He would have paid for the additional teachers required by such an amendment by closing sales tax exemptions. He also favored single-member school board districts and protection for migrant workers from exploitation. Hopkins had been a friend of Peterman's when they were children
and claimed Marion Barry as his mentor.
In June 2002, Peterman had been ordained as a minister and became the pastor of the Rock of Jesus Missionary Baptist Church with his mother as assistant pastor in February 2003. Both had been associate pastors at Bethel Community Baptist Church, where they were ordained. He was quoted as saying the focus of his ministry would be "evangelization and outreach." He also said he would be able to balance his ministry with his family life and his work as a legislator and as a director for Juvenile Services Program Inc. Almost immediately, Peterman was criticized by Bill Maxwell, a columnist for the "St. Petersburg Times" for accepting and then giving up a position on the education appropriations committee. Peterman said felt he could not give the job the required attention because it would take time away from his family and ministry. After turning down the position, he had been quoted as saying, "'"God and family have to come first.'" 
In March, he sponsored a bill to protect migrant farm workers from exploitation in the form of pesticide exposure and denial of a minimum wage. Both African-American Democrats and Cuban- American Republicans found common cause in supporting the measure. He also sought to re-instate the expired Florida Agricultural Worker Safety Act.
In October 2003, Peterman supported HB 35E (Terri's Law), which authorized Governor Bush to order the re-insertion of a feeding tube under the specific set of circumstances in the Terri Schiavo case.
Peterman was one of several elected officials to win re-election by default when no opponent had filed by the deadline for qualification.
In February 2005, State Senator Les Miller had announced his intent to run for Florida Congressional district 11 to replace Jim Davis, who was running for Governor. In turn, Peterman and fellow Democrat Arthenia Joyner announced their intentions to run for the seat vacated by Miller. In September, Joyner appeared to be the stronger of the two, and Peterman decided against running against her, deciding to run instead for re-election to the District 55 house seat.
Peterman was endorsed in June 2006 by the Pinellas County Council of Fire Fighters. In July, he again became one of 55 legislators to automatically win unopposed when the filing date passed without an opponent filing to run against him. In 2007, Peterman supported renewal of the Pinellas County Local Option Sales Tax. He advocated retiring or changing the words to Florida's state song, "Old Folks at Home." The song had become controversial as a reminder of the slavery era and as demeaning to African Americans. He supported a substantial
payment by the State of Florida to the family of Martin Lee Anderson. They had sued the Department of Juvenile Justice after the fourteen year old died while being beaten by guards at a DJJ boot camp in Bay County, Florida. Following the acquittal of the seven guards and the nurse accused of aggravated manslaughter in the case, Peterman said that "'people who believe in justice,'" should protest the verdict with an economic boycott of Bay County.
Beyond the State House.
He became a member of Barack Obama's Florida Advisory Council in the summer of 2007.
Peterman became the third Democrat to be appointed by Governor Christ to lead a state agency when he was appointed on February 8, 2008 to head the Department of Juvenile Justice. Due to term limits, he would have been ineligible to run again for the House. He replaced Walter A. McNeil, who had been appointed Secretary of the Department of Corrections. Peterman said it was important to seek rehabilitation of youthful offenders and to avoid their incarceration. His prior experience with Juvenile Services Program Inc served him in preparing for the position, as did his service on the House Juvenile Justice Committee. In 2005, he sponsored a bill to create the Council on the Social Status of African-American Men and Boys. He said he would accomplish his goals by such measures as authorizing local review boards and councils to redirect first-time offenders to community-based punishments. He also pledged to staff all detention centers with registered nurses and make sure public defenders were provided to children at their first hearings. In accepting the position, he was required to resign from JSP. In August 2008, he fired twelve juvenile detention officers accused of using a state computer to watch pornography, while asserting that no children had seen the pornography.
In 2009, Peterman came under fire for using state tax dollars to travel to and from his home in St. Petersburg and not being in his office in Tallahassee on a routine basis.
After an independent investigation by the governor’s office, he was later ordered to pay back more than $25,000 of $44,000 to the state. Critics said he should have been fired, as he conducted the personal travel with intent.
Under more pressure later, in 2010, he gave up his state vehicle that he had used for personal travel.
In 2009, a complaint was filed on the same matter to the Florida Commission on Ethics, alleging Peterman violated the state law under the provisions of “misuse of public position”. In 2010, the Ethics Commission found probable cause to investigate. The matter is still pending.

</doc>
<doc id="20751198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751198" title="Yuria 100 Shiki">
Yuria 100 Shiki

In December 2006, the Kanagawa Prefecture labelled the book as harmful to minors per the prefectural youth protection laws.
A drama CD was released in 2008. A live-action adaptation was announced starring Shelly Fujii which was released in 2009.
Plot.
Dr. Akiba, a perverted scientist, developed a series of sex robots, and Type 100 is his newest creation. She has highly advanced artificial intelligence, so advanced that she refuses to become Dr. Akiba's sex slave as he had designed and escapes from his lab. She meets college student Shunsuke Kubo and decides to stay at his apartment. However, as she is designed to be a sex robot, she interprets everything Shunsuke says in a sexual manner. Yuria on multiple occasions attempts to seduce Shunsuke into having sex with her, and to turn herself into Shunsuke's life long Dutch wife, but fails because Shunsuke already has a girlfriend, Maria.
Live Action Adaptation.
A live action adaptation was released on November 20, 2009 in Japan. Yuria is played by Shelly Fujii and the movie is directed by Hideo Jojo (Gachi-ban).

</doc>
<doc id="20751216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751216" title="Off Minor">
Off Minor

Off Minor are a hardcore/emo band from New York City. They formed in 1999 with Jamie Behar, Matt Smith, and Steven Roche, all former Saetia members. However, Smith later left and was replaced by Steven's brother Kevin on bass. Since then they have released three albums, and six EPs and splits on several indie labels such as Level Plane Records, Golden Brown Records, and Paramnesia Records, as well as releasing their latest both physically and digitally on a donation system. They have toured all over Europe, Australia, Asia, and the United States. They take their name from a Thelonious Monk song. Steven Roche currently owns and operates Permanent Hearing Damage Recording Studios in Philadelphia. Kevin and Steven Roche currently play in Bore War. Jamie Behar is currently practicing medicine in New York City. 

</doc>
<doc id="20751219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751219" title="AGETIP">
AGETIP

AGETIP ("Agence d’Exécution des Travaux d’Intérêt Public contre le sous-emploi") is the French acronym for a public works and employment agency in Senegal. It provides mostly small-scale basic infrastructure (roads, water supply, sanitation, health centers, hospitals, schools etc.) and other services such as micro-enterprise credit, nutrition and female literacy programs for the benefit of the poor, while creating employment and promoting the local private sector. The term is also used to describe similar agencies created based on the model of the first AGETIP in Senegal.
History.
AGETIP in Senegal was created in 1989 during an economic crisis by the Senegalese government with the support of donors, in particular the World Bank. It is not a public entity, but a private non-profit entity ("Association à but non lucratif") that is financed entirely by fees for the services it provides, without receiving government or donor funds to cover its administrative expenses. Its general-director is appointed by a Board that includes both government and non-government representatives. AGETIP Senegal does not carry out works itself, but contracts them out (delegated contract management). According to the World Bank, "AGETIP has acquired a virtual monopoly in construction management" in Senegal. AGETIP typically works closely with municipalities, which submit proposals and must provide counterpart funds. The agency initially worked only in urban areas, subsequently broadening its activities to rural areas. The AGETIP's quality control procedures have been certified by the Bureau Veritas Certification. The donors that carry out or have carried out development projects through the AGETIP Senegal are the World Bank, the African Development Bank, the European Union, the French Development Agency, the ILO, UNICEF, KfW of Germany and the Canadian International Development Agency, among others.
An evaluation by the World Bank's evaluation department carried out in 1996 praised AGETIP as a "development success and a model of efficient and effective public works management" with "transparent, streamlined procedures", crediting it for "significantly improving the management of donor finances". Accounts are paid in an average of three days and about 90 percent of contracts awarded by AGETIP are completed within the specified time. However, the evaluation also states that "grassroots participation by local communities will have to increase if benefits are to last over the long term" and that surveyed beneficiaries said they felt left out of the identification and planning process.
Related Agencies.
By 2008 the AGETIP model has been replicated in 17 other African countries using different names:
The AGETIP model is similar to a Social Fund, a term more commonly used for a similar type of institution in developing countries in Latin America and African countries outside West Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20751248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751248" title="Flat Lake (Nova Scotia)">
Flat Lake (Nova Scotia)


</doc>
<doc id="20751262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751262" title="Balea perversa">
Balea perversa

Balea perversa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails. The shell of this species is left-handed in coiling and it looks like a juvenile of a clausiliid.
"Balea perversa" (as its synonymous name "Pupa fragilis") is the type species of the genus "Balea".
Distribution.
Distribution of this species include from Western Europe to Crimea:
It was referred from Crimea, but it was probably "Mentissa gracilicosta.
Description.
The shell is small, looks like juvenile, pale brownish, often silky shiny. It is often with distinct riblets. Apical whorls are cyclindrical. The shell has 8-9 whorls. Last whorl is with largest diameter. It is densely ribbed. Cervix is almost without keel. Apart from a rudimentary parietalis there are no folds in the aperture. It has no clausilium.
The width of the shell is 2.5-2.7 mm. The height of the shell is 7-10 mm.
"Balea perversa" differs from "Balea heydeni" in its less slender and brownish rather than yellowish shell, first whorl increase in diameter less rapidly, sculpture more prominently striated (with usually distinct riblets rather than coarse growth lines).
Ecology.
"Balea perversa" lives on mosses and at the bark of trees, also near roads, at walls and rocky slopes, at rocks, less commonly in ground litter. It lives often on surfaces encrusted with lichens and other epiphytes. It prefers trees with rough bark. It prefers shady habitats in Portugal. It may tolerate non-calcareous soils. In Bulgaria it lives up to 1600 m, perhaps 2400 m, in Switzerland up to 2000 m.
It is easily dispersed by birds.
It feeds on mosses, algae, lichens and cyanobacteria.
It is ovoviviparous, self-fertilization predominates, even in laboratories when snails are kept in pairs. Animals can reach maturity after 3-4 months under favourable conditions, one adult can give birth to 10-20 juveniles per year. Animals can also be active in mild winters.
It is locally threatened by too thorough and too frequent restorations of old buildings, acid rains, air pollution and cutting of old trees. It has largely disappeared from inside cities. Remains frequent in Ireland, but many colonies in lowland England have certainly disappeared, extinct around London since the 1920s.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference 

</doc>
<doc id="20751270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751270" title="Norwegian Handball Federation">
Norwegian Handball Federation

The Norwegian Handball Federation (, NHF) is the national handball association in Norway.
The Norwegian Handball Federation was founded in 1937, and is a member of the Norwegian Confederation of Sports (NIF), the European Handball Federation (EHF) and the International Handball Federation. Its headquarters are in Oslo. Its general secretary is Per Otto Furuseth, and its president (chairman of the board) is Arne Sverre Modahl.

</doc>
<doc id="20751277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751277" title="Adil Serdar Saçan">
Adil Serdar Saçan

Adil Serdar Saçan is a famous Turkish police chief who has overseen numerous high-profile investigations. He supervises the Istanbul police force's Anti-Smuggling and Organized Crime Department (), which he established in 1998.
He was detained on 23 September 2008 for allegedly being a member of Ergenekon; an illegal gang. In August 2013 he was sentenced to 14 years and six months as part of the Ergenekon trials.
Background and personal life.
He graduated from police academy in 1985 as the top student. He has a Master's degree in Public Administration from Istanbul University.
In June 2008, he and his son Kerim Bedri survived an accident involving a truck.
Career.
He led 600 investigations, including those of the Malki murders, Albayrak Holding, and Adnan Oktar.
He has led raids against Sedat Peker, Alaattin Çakıcı, Sedat Şahin, Ayvaz Korkmaz, Kürşat Yılmaz, and the Ergin brothers.
Ergenekon investigation.
In 2001, he led the team that interrogated Tuncay Güney, exposing a criminal network called Ergenekon. The Ergenekon investigation at the time was allegedly torpedoed due to the intervention of vested interests. Saçan suspects Veli Küçük, an Ergenekon defendant; he was found in possession of documents intended to blackmail Saçan. Since the interrogation, Saçan has been fired six times and sued 39 times (acquitted on 36 counts, as of August 2008).
In September 2008, he himself was detained on charges of being a member. He was interrogated by prosecutor Mehmet Ali Pekgüzel for nearly twelve hours, in reference to the Gülenist clique inside the police force, and the thwarting of the Ergenekon investigation in 2001.
He shares a cell with Tuncay Özkan and his former detainee, Sedat Peker.
The Fatih Second Criminal Court of First Instance sentenced Saçan to five months in prison on charges of taking confidential investigation documents into his own possession.
On 5 August 2013 he was sentenced to 14 years and six months as part of the Ergenekon trials.

</doc>
<doc id="20751299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751299" title="Jamie Brooks (actress)">
Jamie Brooks (actress)

Jamie Brooks (born 4 June 1982 in Hull, England, United Kingdom) is a British pornographic actress.

</doc>
<doc id="20751303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751303" title="Murattu Kaalai (2012 film)">
Murattu Kaalai (2012 film)

Murattu Kaalai is a 2012 Tamil action film directed by K. Selva Bharathy. A remake of the same-titled 1980's Rajinikanth-Jaishankar
starrer, it stars Sundar C. and Sneha in the lead roles. The film, which had been under production since 2008, released on 15 June 2012.
It failed to taste the Success of the 80,s hit "Murattu Kaalai". It has been dubbed in Hindi as "Return Of Joshilay".
Plot.
Kaalaiyan (Sundar C) is a simple person and the best "Jallikattu" (Bullfight) player in his village. His world revolves around his four younger brothers. The antagonist is Varadharajan (Suman), a Zamindar from the neighbouring village who lives an extravagant lifestyle. His close aide is a Transgender Saroja (Vivek). Varadharajan's sister (Sindhu Tolani) falls for the macho Kaalaiyan when he wins a Jallikattu.
In the meantime, Bhuvana (Sneha), on the run, after Varadharajan falls for her charm and tries to molest her, takes refuge in Kaalaiyan's house. However, Varadharajan decides to marry his sister to Kaalaiyan with an eye on his land. On the day of marriage, when Kaalaiyan comes to know that the bride wants to split the bond between the brothers, he calls off the marriage. Kaalaiyan takes a liking for Bhuvana and the inevitable happens – romance blossoms. What follows is predictable but there comes a surprise in the form of Saroja in the climax.
Production.
In September 2008, it was revealed that Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi’s grandson Gunanidhi was set to produce a remake of AVM Productions’s 1980 film, "Murattu Kaalai". Sundar C was roped in to play the lead role, while Suman would play the villain role done by Jayashankar, and Suralirajan’s comedy will be taken over by Vivek, in the venture to be directed by Selvabharathy. The team initially hoped to begin production in December 2008 and release the film on 14 April 2009. Sneha was soon after assigned to play the lead female role, while Samiksha was also selected to play another leading role. However during the first schedule in Pollachi, Samiksha was replaced by Sindhu Tolani for unknown reasons and the team subsequently completed two full schedules by January 2009. However Ayngaran International's financial crisis meant that "Murattu Kaalai" along with their other productions became stuck. The film re-emerged when Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, M. Karunanidhi launched the audio of the film on 18 September 2010, which was received by actor Vikram and the film was expected to be released by 12 November 2010, but eventually did not.
The film subsequently remained completed by unreleased due to Ayngaran International's financial problems which had also stopped the release of other films such as "Arjunan Kadhali" and "Kalavadiya Pozhudugal". The film finally was promoted and released by the production house on 15 June 2012.
Critical reception.
The film received mixed to negative reviews. Times of India rated the movie 3/5 stating that, "Still, the good news here is that, surprisingly, 'Murattu Kaalai' isn't a disaster and works to an extent. But the bad news is that this is an entirely pointless remake with hardly anything new to offer". Anupama Subramanian of "Deccan Chronicle" rated the movie 2.5/5 praising Vivek's and Sundar.C's performances and stated that the movie is "Watchable Once".
Rohit Ramachandran of Nowrunning.com rated it 1/5 calling the film "sickening." Sify rated the movie as "Below Average" praising Santonio Terzio's work. Vivek Ramz of in.com rated Murattu Kaalai 2/5 calling it "a poor remake" and added that it's an example of how not to remake an old blockbuster. Camera work of Santonio Terzio was appreciated overall.

</doc>
<doc id="20751326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751326" title="Oeumsan">
Oeumsan

Oeumsan is a mountain in the counties of Hongcheon and Hoengseong, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20751327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751327" title="Iliokali">
Iliokali

Iliokali (, before 1927: Μορκιούς - "Morkious") is a village in the municipal unit of Pamvotida, Ioannina regional unit, Greece. It is situated at the foot of the mountain Driskos, southeast of Lake Ioannina. In 2001 its population was 422. The Egnatia Odos motorway (Thessaloniki - Ioannina - Igoumenitsa) passes northwest of the village. Iliokali is 4 km southeast of Kastritsa and 11 km southeast of Ioannina, NNW. The village has around 3,300 ha of land and is built in forests with many springs. It took its present name from the nearby Iliokali Monastery. Its inhabitants are mainly engaged in agriculture (livestock) and construction. It is known for its traditionally distilled tsipouro.

</doc>
<doc id="20751332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751332" title="Minuscule 36">
Minuscule 36

Minuscule 36 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A20 (von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. It has complex contents and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels on 509 parchment leaves (). The text is written in 1 column per page, 19 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It contains the Epistula ad Carpianum, the Eusebian Canon tables, Prolegomena to Mark, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, prolegomena, pictures, and commentaries (in Mark Victorinus).
It contains a questionable scholion to the Longer ending of Mark.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
In Luke 16:19 the manuscript has scholion on a margin of uncertain date ευρον δε τινες και του πλουσιου εν τισιν αντιγραφοις τουνομα Νινευης λεγομενον. The same scholion has manuscript 37. Now we have only one Greek manuscript with textual variant ονοματι Ν[ιν]ευης (with the name Neue) in Luke 16:19 - Papyrus 75. This reading has also Sahidic version.
History.
The manuscript was held in the monastery Great Lavra of in Mount Athos (St. Athanasius). It came from the Athos to the France. 
Montfaucon was the first who examined and described the manuscript. Then it was examined and described by Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. The text of the Revelation was collated by Hoskier (1929). 
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Wettstein. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885. 
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Coislin Gr. 20) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20751345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751345" title="Vestia gulo">
Vestia gulo

Vestia gulo is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20751364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751364" title="Vestia ranojevici">
Vestia ranojevici

Vestia ranojevici is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Subspecies.
Subspecies within this species include:
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20751365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751365" title="Oatmeal, Texas">
Oatmeal, Texas

Oatmeal is an unincorporated community in Burnet County, Texas, United States. It is situated along RM 243, approximately eight miles southeast of Burnet and 56 miles northwest of Austin.
History.
The area's first settlers were German families during the late 1840s. The community's name is either an alteration of a Mr. Othneil – the area's first gristmill owner, or a supposed translation of the name Habermill (Haber being a German dialect word for Hafer, "oats"). A post office was established in 1853 under the name Oatmeal. The first schoolhouse opened in 1858, only to be replaced by a second building eleven years later. A gin built in the 1870s continued to serve as a local landmark into the early 1900s. A cemetery was deeded in 1871, although burials were recorded in the area as early as 1854.
In 1936, Oatmeal had a school, two churches, and scattered dwellings. By 1990, the population was around twenty – consisting mostly of families engaged in farming and ranching. That figure remained the same in 2000.
Stringtown.
Following the Civil War, a colony of freed slaves, "freedmen", settled in the eastern part of Oatmeal. The settlement, known as Stringtown, included homes, a building used as a church and school, and Burnet County's only all-black cemetery. The community of Stringtown remained in existence until the early 1920s.
Oatmeal Festival.
Since 1978, the community of Oatmeal and the nearby city of Bertram have celebrated an annual Oatmeal Festival. Ken Odiorne, a local resident, started the tradition by writing to the major producers of oatmeal at the time to ask for assistance. Only one company, National Oats, responded.
The Oatmeal Festival has played a significant role in the continued notoriety and existence of Oatmeal, Burnet County's second oldest community.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Oatmeal has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="20751373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751373" title="Bangladesh Journal of Pharmacology">
Bangladesh Journal of Pharmacology

The Bangladesh Journal of Pharmacology is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Bangladesh Pharmacological Society. The journal covers research on regulatory mechanisms that affect drug development and utilization, and medical education. The editor is Mir Misbahuddin (Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.356.

</doc>
<doc id="20751377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751377" title="Palbongsan (Gangwon)">
Palbongsan (Gangwon)

Palbongsan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20751381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751381" title="Vestia turgida">
Vestia turgida

Vestia turgida is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20751385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751385" title="Adivishnu">
Adivishnu

Adivishnu is a movie released 21 August 2008 by Soubhagya Media Limited with Music of M M Srilekha being Produced by K Ramakrishna Prasad and Directed by Bharath Parepally.
Plot.
A good tale gone wrong, the story begins with hero Adi Vishnu (Arun), an IT genius, who has the first rank in IIT. His father, Srinivas Rao (Kota), is a retired teacher.
Adi's only ambition is to make his father's dream comes true and that is to go to America and get a good job.
Adivishnu (Arunkumar) is the son of a school teacher (Kota Srinivasa Rao) from Palakollu. Adi's father brings him up with discipline and he Studies well and becomes a software engineer. error occurred while processing this directive He prepares an anti-virus software chip which is very useful for multi-national companies. Adi joins a multi-national company, which agrees to send him to the US for further research. As he does not have passport, Adi applies for it and the official (Sunil) demands bribe to clear the passport. By that time, the entire state is rocked by kidnaps, murders and other such crimes. Yadagiri (Pradeep Rawat) and his wife Jangamma (Aiswarya) used to rule the mafia kingdom and used to perpetrate all the crimes. Home minister Raghupati used to pamper Yadagiri, and the latter kills Raghupati's mentor (Balaiah) to avoid embarrassment to Raghupati. Incidentally, Anjali (Sneha) took photographs when the murder took place and submits them to police. With the mafia network, Raghupati and Yadagiri finds about the evidence and start chasing Anjali to kill her. Adi comes to her rescue and develops enmity with Yadagiri, as Adi thrashes Yadagiri's brother-in-law (Saleem Panda) who goes into coma. Yadagiri's men catch Adi's friend (Venumadhav) and Adi goes to Yadagiri's house and releases him by thrashing Jangamma. At this juncture, Yadagiri's son Rana, reaches India with huge money and masterminds blasts at various places. Several people die in the twin blasts at Lumbana Park and Gopal Chat areas. Yadagiri manages DGP (Jeeva) and places Adi's portrait in place of Rana. He also manages the lie-detection test. As the case was proved, Adi gets life sentence. Adi's father dies of a heart attack after judgment. However, similar blasts occur in Rajasthan, Mumbai and other places and Rana gets caught and confesses that he was behind Hyderabad blasts. So, court relieves Adi from the case. Now it is the turn of Adi to take revenge and he starts eliminating all those who were responsible for the ruining his career and the death of his father. The film ends with the union of Adi and Anjali.

</doc>
<doc id="20751387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751387" title="Bob (comics)">
Bob (comics)

Bob, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20751403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751403" title="Bulgarica cana">
Bulgarica cana

Bulgarica cana is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:
Further reading.
Magdalena Marzec. 2006. "Mobility of Bulgarica cana in a natural habitat". The Malacologist, Molluscan Forum 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20751421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751421" title="Friederich Stellwagen">
Friederich Stellwagen

Friederich Stellwagen (baptized February 7, 1603 - buried March 2, 1660) was a pipe organ builder active in the region of northeast Germany between Hamburg and Stralsund in the mid 17th century. He learned with Gottfried Fritzsche and eventually married Fritzsche's daughter, Theodora. In 1634, Stellwagen was granted the "privilege" to build organs in Lübeck and after 1645 he was given full charge for maintenance of Lübeck's major organs.
Stellwagen is particularly noted for his work adding the Rückpositiv, Brustwerk and Pedal to the Gothic organ of ca. 1480 on the north wall of the Jacobikirche in Lübeck in 1636/37 and then building the new organ that has 24' Principal façade pipes for the giant brick-gothic Marienkirche in Stralsund that was completed in 1659. Both instruments are still extant and in good condition as examples from the best historic organ building in northern Europe.
Further information for Stellwagen, Fritzsche, the Jacobikirche in Lübeck and the Rückpositiv and Brustwerk of an organ is available in the German Wikipedia. An English description of the organ divisions is available here.

</doc>
<doc id="20751426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751426" title="Ben Woodside">
Ben Woodside

Ben Woodside (born July 1, 1985) is an American basketball player. He currently plays point guard for Vanoli Cremona of the Serie A
High school.
He attended Albert Lea High School where he set school career records for points, assists and steals.
College.
From 2005 to 2009, he was a member of the North Dakota State Bison men's basketball team. Woodside sat out the 2004–05 season as a redshirt in the Bison program. He was later selected to two All-Conference first teams and was named the 2009 The Summit League Player of the Year.
Woodside helped the Bison to upset Marquette and Wisconsin, both nationally ranked teams. On December 22, 2008, Woodside broke the NDSU career scoring record against Northern Arizona. In 2009 Woodside led the Bison to win the Summit League Tournament and get an automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Tournament in their first year of eligibility.
Professional career.
In the summer of 2009, Woodside joined the Minnesota Timberwolves' summer league team.
Woodside played for BCM Gravelines, a French Pro A team in northern France, in 2009-10. He averaged 14.8 ppg and 4.9 apg, and was invited to the French League All-Star Game December 9, 2009.
In the summer of 2010, Woodside joined the Golden State Warriors summer league team.
In July 2011 he signed a one-year contract with Slovenian club Union Olimpija.
In December 2011 he left Union Olimpija because of the club's financial problems and signed with BC Armia in Georgia.
In July 2012 he signed with TED Ankara Kolejliler
In August 2013 he signed a one-year deal with the Italian club Vanoli Cremona

</doc>
<doc id="20751428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751428" title="1959–60 New York Rangers season">
1959–60 New York Rangers season

The 1959–60 New York Rangers season was the 34th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). In the regular season, the Rangers had a 17–38–15 record, and finished with 49 points. Their last-place finish caused them to miss the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers finished in last place in the NHL and failed to qualify for the 1960 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20751433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751433" title="De Lucy">
De Lucy

de Lucy or de Luci is the surname of an old Norman noble family originating from Lucé in Normandy, one of the great baronial Anglo-Norman families which became rooted in England after the Norman conquest. The first records are about Adrian de Luci (born about 1064 in Lucé, Normandy, France) who went into England after William the Conqueror. The rise of this family might have been due to Henry I of England, though there are no historical proofs that all de Lucys belonged to same family. The family name is Latin, "Lucy, Luci, Lucé" derive from Lucius, meaning "light", but like most Normans or Anglo-Normans, the origins may be Viking (Norsemen). 
Most notable people from de Lucy (Luci) family.
Richard de Luci.
Richard de Luci (c. 1089–14 July 1179) was Sheriff of the County of Essex, Chief Justiciar of England and excommunicated by Thomas Becket in 1166 and 1169. He married Rohese, she might have been a sister of Faramus of Boulogne.
Walter de Luci.
Walter de Luci ("also Walter de Lucy") was brother of Richard de Luci. He was a monk at Lonlay Abbey in Normandy, then was elected Abbot of Battle Abbey in Sussex, England. He died while still abbot on June 21, 1171.
Godfrey de Luci.
Godfrey de Luci ("also Godfrey de Lucy") (c. 1124– 11 September 1204) was son of Richard de Luci. He was nominated Archdeacon of Derby, and Bishop of Winchester. 
Reginald de Luci.
Reginald de Luci was an itinerant judge in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby in 1173. He was governor of Nottingham. He had a son, Richard, who succeeded him.
Robert de Luci.
Robert de Luci was sheriff of the County of Worcester in 1175. He was probably a relative of Richard de Luci, the Chief Justiciar of England.
Stephen de Luci.
Stephen de Luci (13th century), one of the sons of Walter de Charlecotte, the first with his brother William de Luci to use the surname Luci. His brother, William de Luci, was the ancestor of Thomas de Luci (also known as Thomas Lucy de Charlecotte). Stephen de Luci was nominated one of justice itinerant by Henry III of England in 1228.
Anthony de Luci.
Anthony de Luci ("also Anthony de Lucy") (1283– 10 June 1343) was Chief Justiciar of Ireland in 1331.
Thomas Lucy de Charlecotte.
Sir Thomas Lucy (24 April 1532 – 7 July 1600) was a magistrate and an evangelical living in Charlecote near Stratford-on-Avon, Warwickshire. He persecuted recusant Catholic families in the area, including William Shakespeare's maternal relatives. He assumed the surname Lucy, probably descended from the Norman de Luci family by his mother's line.

</doc>
<doc id="20751442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751442" title="Simon Terodde">
Simon Terodde

Simon Terodde (born 2 March 1988) is a German footballer, he currently plays as a striker for 1. FC Union Berlin on loan from 1. FC Köln II.
Career.
In 2006/07, he was the top goalscorer of the Youth-Bundesliga West 21 Goals. In December 2008, He was on trial at 1. FC Union Berlin, having previously played for 1.FC Bocholt (01/02), VfL Rhede (98-01) and SV Krechting (98). His first game was on 19 October 2008 against FC Ingolstadt 04 in the 2. Bundesliga. After seven years, he left MSV Duisburg and signed a two years contract with 1. FC Köln to play for the second team. In summer 2011, Cologne loaned him out to 1. FC Union Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20751451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751451" title="Arne Oldberg">
Arne Oldberg

Arne Oldberg (July 12, 1874 – February 7, 1962) was an American pianist and composer. He studied with Teodor Leszetycki in Vienna and with Joseph Rheinberger in Munich, and later taught at Northwestern University. Among his students were composers Howard Hanson and Cecilia Clare Bocard.

</doc>
<doc id="20751455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751455" title="Javier Modrego">
Javier Modrego

Javier Modrego Casado (born 19 January 1988 in Soria, Castile and León) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20751459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751459" title="Sajasan (Gangwon)">
Sajasan (Gangwon)

Sajasan is a South Korean mountain that sits between the counties of Pyeongchang, Yeongwol and Hoengseong, in Gangwon-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20751466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751466" title="Type 74 105 mm self-propelled howitzer">
Type 74 105 mm self-propelled howitzer

The Type 74 105 mm self-propelled howitzer is only used by Japan. It shares a number of automotive components with the Type 73 Armored Personnel Carrier which was developed during the same time. Komatsu developed the chassis, while the howitzer and turret were designed by Japan Steel Works. The first prototypes were completed in 1969-70. The howitzer was accepted for service in 1974.
It carries 30 rounds on board. It is amphibious when using the erectable flotation screen stowed around the periphery of the upper hull. It is equipped with a NBC filtration system.
As of 2001 Japan reported to the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs that 20 Type 74s were in service. According to "Jane's Armour and Artillery 2008", the 17 remaining Type 74s are attached to the 2nd Artillery Regiment at Asahikawa, Hokkaido.

</doc>
<doc id="20751475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751475" title="Blazhko effect">
Blazhko effect

The Blazhko effect, which is sometimes called long-period modulation, is a variation in period and amplitude in RR Lyrae type variable stars. It was first observed by Sergey Blazhko in 1907 in the star RW Dra. 
The recent Kepler (spacecraft) observations caught the community by surprise. 
In addition to the modulations the observations showed cycle to cycle alternations in the light curves.
The physics behind the Blazhko effect is currently still a matter of debate, with there being three primary hypotheses. 
In the first, referred to as the resonance model, the cause of the modulation is a non-linear resonance among either the fundamental or the first overtone pulsation mode of the star and a higher mode.
The second, known as the magnetic model, assumes the variation to be caused by the magnetic field being inclined to the rotational axis, deforming the main radial mode.
The third model assumes that cycles in the convection cause the alternations and the modulations.

</doc>
<doc id="20751481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751481" title="Kutty (2010 film)">
Kutty (2010 film)

Kutti (in English, meaning Small boy / girl (used as a pet name) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy action film directed by Mithran Jawahar, who with the project, recombines with the lead actor following the success of their previous venture. The film stars Dhanush, Shriya Saran and Sameer Dattani in the lead roles with Radha Ravi playing a pivotal role. The film, a remake of the Telugu film "Arya", has Gemini Film Circuit as the producers, whilst Devi Sri Prasad handled the music composition. The film, which was under production for a year, was released on 14 January 2010 coinciding with the Tamil festival of Thai Pongal was declared as Boxoffice Hit.
Plot.
The plot opens with Geetha (Shriya Saran) at Kanyakumari beach looking at a lonely lying personal diary where she enjoys a poem written in it. She admires the poem by replying on the same page. While she & her friend admire the beauty of Sunrise, she accidentally loses one of her anklets (it falls in the sea). She sees a person jumping in after it and she perceives him to have died in the waters. The incident haunts her in her dream again and again and feels very guilty for it. In her college, she meets a rich, handsome boy Arjun (Sameer Dattani) who impresses her to win her love. He proposes her and threatens her to love him or else he would die by jumping from college roof top. Already feeling guilty for being cause of a person's death, not willing to let it happen again Geetha accepts his love and screams 'I love You' in front of the entire college to Arjun which was witnessed by Kutty (Dhanush).
Kutty proposes his love to Geetha in front of Arjun, which shocks Geetha and annoys Arjun. Geetha turns down his request again and again and reminds him of her relationship with Arjun. But Kutty instead tells her that it is not an issue to him and tells her to continue loving Arjun and he would never stop loving her. Arjun is irritated by the acting of Kutty. He fights with him in order to bully him into stopping but instead was challenged by Kutty, that if Arjun is confident in his love no one would separate Geetha from him & may the best man win. Arjun finds no option but to accept in order to prove his confidence in his love (else accept that his love is weak). While Kutty pulls all kind of stunts to impress Geetha (including winning a rigged race in order to protect Geetha's chastity from Arjun) but fails to make her "feel his love".
Arjun introduces Geetha to his father (Radha Ravi) expecting him to approve & bless their marriage but his father, seeing to further his political ambitions, engages a Minister's daughter (who is shown to be a spoilt girl of questionable character), for Arjun. So Arjun escapes with Geetha who is helped by Kutty. Kutty, Arjun, Geetha are chased by Arjun's father's men but are unable to catch them. Meanwhile old wounds renew between Kutty and Arjun. After an intense (kung-fu) fight with the henchmen (where Arjun runs & Kutty fights) Arjun leaves Geetha with Kutty without saying anything to either of them. Kutty takes care of Geetha, which touches her. She soon realises the love he has for her and regrets not having met him before her commitment to Arjun. She tries telling the same to him, but Kutty thinking that Geetha is scolding him closes his ears and does not hear what she actually said to him (he does that a couple of times in the movie). Arjun arrives at the scene his father in tow, now all happy for their marriage. Geetha leaves with Arjun to marry him. On the wedding day of Arjun & Geetha, Kutty wanders here and there to look after wedding related works. His friends understand his internal pain and ask him to cry. While Geetha is on her way to the ceremony, Kutty stops her and openly expresses his pain of his love and how he is going to miss her and asks if his love did touch her at least once, without knowing that his love touched her already. (He then laughs & passes it off as a prank). Geetha does not answer him. Kutty's kids friends present Geetha a gift (from Kutty) in which she finds her lost anklet and the poem page where she wrote a reply while she was in Kanyakumari. Kutty was the person who jumped into the sea to take her anklet and was assumed dead, by Geetha. Geetha finally realises her love for Kutty, rejects her marriage with Arjun and goes to Kutty and accepts his love finally.
Production.
In January 2008, Gemini Film Circuits bought the remake rights of the Telugu film "Arya" featuring Allu Arjun and claimed to be ready to produce a film with Dhanush and Shriya Saran in the lead role, with Balasekaran being named as director. However the film remained inactive for nearly a year until following the success of "Yaaradi Nee Mohini", Mithran Jawahar was signed up to replace Balasekaran. The film was launched and titled "Kadhir", but eventually went through a change of name to become "Kutty". The film, launched in December 2008 and shooting proceeded in a number of schedules with filming taking place in Vizag and Kodaikanal. During the production of the film, it was acquired to be distributed by Sun Pictures, however the deal late fell through but the film eventually released during the Pongal festival on 14 January 2010.
Reception.
It was declared as run away hit at the box office allover.The film opened in all centres across Chennai, Tamil Nadu as well as in various regions overseas to a lackluster opening. The film which grossed in the opening weekend. was declared as a Hit in the box office.The film also opened in Malaysia, at eleventh place in the box office. Dhanush said to Sify.com “I was keeping my fingers crossed and is so happy to hear positive feedback from audiences from all release centers. It is my best New Year gift”.
Reviews.
Upon release, the film generally received universal acclaim, with most critics describing the film as a "super entertainer". A reviewer from Rediff gave the film 4.5 out of 5, claiming that the film is a "fun ride" and despite seeming to be the "same old story" with a "predictable end", he adds, "you're glued to the screen because of the intriguing plot twists". Sify describes the film as a "clean entertainer", citing that the film works "as it is a clean, honest, romantic musical that’s worth a matinee for the family audiences", though it isn't "without hiccups" as it "lacks comedy" and could have needed some editing works in the second half. Similarly a reviewer from Times of India also describes the film as a "clean entertainer" and praises director Jawahar, citing that he "deserves a round of applause", while criticizing the narration that "appears like a lecture students term as ‘blade’" and the climax that "has happened in only a 1000 other movies". Meanwhile Behindwoods gave the film 2 out of 5 and cites that the film is "definitely different from the regular commercial" and that "the director has tried hard to make a feel good romantic flick and has partially succeeded".
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack consisted primarily of recycled tunes from the original Telugu film by music director Devi Sri Prasad. The film's soundtrack was released December 23, 2009. People who were present at the small function were A. Jawahar, Devi Sri Prasad and the producers .

</doc>
<doc id="20751492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751492" title="2008 Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito season">
2008 Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito season

Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito's 2008 season is the club's 55th year in professional football, and the 47th in the top level of national football, Ecuador's Serie A.
In the domestic tournament, the club unsuccessfully defended their 2007 title, finishing as the runner-up to Deportivo Quito. The club reached a level of success in international tournaments that no other Ecuadorian club has ever achieved. LDU Quito became the first Ecuadorian club to win an international title by winning their first Copa Libertadores. The win allowed the club to participate in FIFA's annual Club World Cup, which they finished in 2nd place.
2008 marked the last season Argentine manager Edgardo Bauza will remain at the position. He would be replaced by Uruguayan Jorge Fossati, who previously led the team from 2003-2004.
Squad.
Transfers.
Out
In
"(*) Currently suspended."
Competitions.
Serie A.
2008 was the club's 47th season in the top-flight national tournament.
First Stage.
"LDU Quito qualified for the Liguilla Final with 2 bonus points."
Second Stage.
For the Second Stage, LDU Quito was drawn into Group B.
Copa Libertadores.
LDU Quito qualified to the 2008 Copa Libertadores as the 2007 Serie A champion. It would be their 13th participation in CONMEBOL's top continental tournament. LDU Quito was drawn into Group 8 with Argentine 2006–07 season 5th place finishers Arsenal de Sarandí, 2007 Copa do Brasil winner Fluminense Football Club, and Paraguayan Clausura 2007 winner Club Libertad. They were the first team in the tournament to qualify to the knock-out round.
LDU Quito advanced to their first Copa Libertadores finals; they were the second Ecuadorian club to do so (the first being Barcelona). "Los Albos" won their first Copa Libertadores by penalty shootout after a 5-5 aggregate score at the end of the second leg. Goalkeeper José Francisco Cevallos blocked three penalty kicks to secure the title for his team.
Copa Sudamericana.
LDU Quito participated in their 5th Copa Sudamericana. They qualified by finishing first in the second stage of the 2007 Serie A.
FIFA Club World Cup.
LDU Quito was the first Ecuadorian club to participate in the FIFA Club World Cup and the first non-Argentine/Brazilian club from CONMEBOL to participate. As the winner of the Copa Libertadores, they received a bye into the semifinals.
Statistics.
Top scorer.
Season: Claudio Bieler (17 goals)

</doc>
<doc id="20751494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751494" title="Sajasan (South Jeolla)">
Sajasan (South Jeolla)

Sajasan is a mountain in the counties of Jangheung and Boseong, Gangwon-do, in South Korean. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20751498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751498" title="Radiodiffusion Nationale Tchadienne">
Radiodiffusion Nationale Tchadienne

Radiodiffusion Nationale Tchadienne (RNT; fr: Chadian National Radio) is the state-operated national radio broadcaster of Chad. RNT was able to reach the entire country through transmitters located at N'Djamena, Sarh, Moundou, and Abéché as of 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20751508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751508" title="Set splitting problem">
Set splitting problem

In computational complexity theory, the Set Splitting problem is the following decision problem: given a family "F" of subsets of a finite set "S", decide whether there exists a partition of "S" into two subsets "S1", "S2" such that all elements of "F" are split by this partition, i.e., none of the elements of "F" is completely in "S1" or "S2". It is an NP-complete problem. 
The optimization version of this problem is called Max Set Splitting and requires finding the partition which maximizes the number of split elements of "F". It is an APX-complete (and NP-hard) problem. The problem remains NP-hard even if all subsets in "F" contain the same fixed number of elements "m" greater than 1 
The decision variant of Max Set Splitting, also called "Set Splitting" is stated as follows: given an integer "k", does there exist a partition of "S" which splits at least "k" subsets of "F"? If "k" taken to be a fixed parameter, then Set Splitting is fixed-parameter tractable, i.e., a polynomial algorithm exists for any fixed "k".
The Weighted Set Splitting is a variant in which the subsets in "F" have weights and the objective is to maximize the total weight of the split subsets.

</doc>
<doc id="20751523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751523" title="House of Palatinate-Birkenfeld">
House of Palatinate-Birkenfeld

Palatinate-Birkenfeld (German: "Pfalz-Birkenfeld"), later Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld, was the name of a collateral line of the Palatine Wittelsbachs. The Counts Palatine from this line initially ruled over only a relatively unimportant territory, namely the Palatine share of the Rear County of Sponheim; however, their importance steadily grew. All living members of the House of Wittelsbach descend from Palatinate-Birkenfeld, which thus became the parent branch of the Kings of Bavaria.
History.
The patriarch of the line was Karl I of Palatinate-Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld. He was a son of Duke Wolfgang of Zweibrücken, who when he died in 1569, bequeathed the Palatine share of the Rear County of Sponheim to his son Karl. The latter chose Birkenfeld as his residence and in 1595, through the Treaty of Kastellaun with his joint ruler the Margrave of Baden, Edward Fortunatus, secured exclusive rule in the districts of Birkenfeld and Allenbach (until 1671). Under him, Birkenfeld Castle underwent major expansion. Following Karl's death in 1600, he was succeeded by Georg Wilhelm, who ruled until 1669. He was succeeded by Karl Otto, who however died in 1671. The inheritance passed to Christian II, a son of Georg Wilhelm's younger brother, who had previously received the Lordship of Bischweiler from the holdings of Zweibrücken and thus founded the Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Bischweiler line. His son Christian III ended official residency at Birkenfeld in 1717 and resided primarily in Bischweiler, alternating with Zweibrücken after 1734, in which year he succeeded to the Duchy of Zweibrücken. He was succeeded by his son Christian IV, who however was married below his station, to the dancer Marianne Camasse, so that his sons were not entitled to inherit. After Christian's death his nephew Karl III August Christian became ruler. Under his rule, the Rear County of Sponheim was finally partitioned. It was agreed that of the two joint rulers, the Margrave of Baden was to make the division and then the Count Palatine by Rhine was to choose his share. Possibly the hope on the Baden side was that Karl III August would decide on the portion in which Birkenfeld and the family seat were located; nonetheless, Karl III August decided upon the Mosel region around Trarbach, so that after 1776 the Birkenfeld region became the exclusive possession of Baden. His brother Maximilian I Joseph succeeded him after his death in 1795. As a result of the wars of succession of the French Revolution he was the last Duke of Zweibrücken, becoming in 1799 Palatine and Bavarian Elector and in 1806 the first King of Bavaria.
Prior to this, in 1645, John Charles, a younger brother of Christian II, had founded the collateral line of Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Gelnhausen. From 1799 on, his descendants were styled "His Royal Highness Duke in Bavaria".

</doc>
<doc id="20751533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751533" title="Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz y Menduiña">
Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz y Menduiña

Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz y Menduiña (Madrid April 7, 1893 – Ávila July 8, 1984) was an eminent Spanish medieval historian, statesman, and president of the Spanish Republican government in Exile during the rule of Francisco Franco.
Education and early career.
Sánchez-Albornoz was born in Madrid to a prominent political family from the provincial capital of Ávila and attended the Central University of Madrid, where he obtained a licentiate degree in letters and philosophy in 1913 with first class honors. One year later, at age 21, he was awarded a doctorate degree in history with a thesis entitled "La Monarquía en Asturias, León y Castilla durante los siglos VIII al XIII. La Potestad Real y los Señoríos". He quickly established himself as the country's preeminent young scholar of medieval Spanish history, particularly the history of the monarchy and royal institutions in the early Middle Ages. 
By 1920, Sánchez-Albornoz had already held several prestigious university chairs when he was offered the chair in Spanish medieval history at Madrid held by his late thesis adviser, Eduardo de Hinojosa. In 1926, he was inducted into the Real Academia de la Historia -- the youngest member up to that time ever admitted to the elite scholarly institution. By 1931, he was appointed Dean of the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters and served as rector of the Central University the following year. During this time, he took a hiatus from his academic pursuits to join the newly established republican government, serving in parliament as a representative from Ávila, and later in several other prominent posts, including Minister of Education. 
Exile and later career.
During the early years of the Spanish Civil War, Sánchez-Albornoz was appointed the Spanish Republic ambassador to Portugal. When the government in Lisbon declared its support for Francisco Franco, he was dismissed from his post and he fled with his family to France and then, in 1940, to Argentina, where he would spend more than four decades in exile as both a scholar and leader of the democratic anti-Franco movement abroad. 
After a brief post at the University of Cuyo in the northern province of Mendoza, Sánchez-Albornoz was offered a position at the University of Buenos Aires where he created a center for Iberian medieval studies and founded a historical journal, the "Cuadernos de historia de España". During these years, he remained a tremendously productive scholar, writing extensively on early Spanish history and training young Argentine and other Latin American scholars to work on medieval documents and legal texts. 
For Sánchez-Albornoz, the work of recovering the roots of the Spanish character and its political institutions in the Middle Ages was an extension of his political commitments to the republican Spanish state he had been a part of in the 1930s. Between 1962 and 1970, Sánchez-Albornoz served as president of the council of the Spanish Republican Government in Exile and used his reputation and numerous invitations to speak abroad as a platform to promote the restoration of democracy in Spain. Even when Franco extended an amnesty to regime critics in 1969, Sánchez-Albornoz refused to return until the dictator had died. 
Sánchez-Albornoz's scholarship came to focus on the kingdoms of Castile and León and the evolution of social and economic institutions under the influence of external pressures, whether Germanic (Visigothic) or Muslim/Arab. In his monumental, three-volume history of early feudalism that he had begun composing in France before the outbreak of war, "En torno a los origines del feudalismo" (1942), Sánchez-Albornoz emphasized the contributions of Visigothic culture and legal institutions to early Spanish history, particularly the monarchy and its relationship to the nobility and other segments of society. He also emphasized the emergence in Spain of a free peasantry in advancing the frontier regions during the Reconquista that complicated the development of serfdom and hierarchical structures of lordship historians described elsewhere in feudal Europe. While an earlier generation of scholars had also tended to focus on questions about the continuity of Roman influences in medieval Iberia, Sánchez-Albornoz instead argued that the Visigothic invasions of the fifth century had created a new, uniquely Hispanic, civilization which defined Spanish history and the Spanish people from that point forward, even during the centuries of Arab occupation.
Dispute with Américo Castro.
This conviction about the origins of a unique Spanish national identity led to a notable academic feud with another scholar in exile, Américo Castro, who had moved to the United States and taught at Princeton University. Castro's path-breaking book, "España en su historia" (1948; Engl. trans. 1954) posited that "Spanish" culture was essentially a hybrid one, produced over the course of centuries by the intermixing of Christian, Muslim and Jewish populations and traditions. Castro coined the term "convivencia" -- loosely translated as "living-together-ness" or "cohabitation" -- to describe the multicultural, religiously tolerant and dynamic society of medieval Spain. Sánchez-Albornoz -- who regarded Castro's interdisciplinary, literature-focused methodology as insufficiently rigorous and scholarly -- responded with a new study, "España: una enigma histórico" (1956), that argued for the persistence of a pre-Arab invasion Spanish culture and national identity grounded in the reproduction of key legal, political, and economic institutions. While he did not deny that Muslims and Jews were an important presence in medieval Iberia, Sánchez-Albornoz maintained that they contributed little creative energy to the processes of history or state-building and insisted upon an enduring idea of Spanish nationhood and identity that transcended the vagaries of history and the temporary influence of outside groups. 
While few academic historians today still subscribe to Sanchez-Albornoz's ideas about an essential national Spanish "character" which motivates history, there is still a lively scholarly debate over "convivencia" as a historical model for understanding medieval Spain.
Return to Spain.
In April 1976, six months after the death of Franco, Sánchez-Albornoz returned to his homeland for the first time in more than forty years and was given a hero's welcome, particularly in his family town of Ávila. He returned to Buenos Aires after a brief stay, but moved back to Ávila permanently in July 1983. He died one year later, on 8 July 1984 at the age of 91 and was buried in the Cathedral of Ávila. The Fundación D. Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz [http://www.diputacionavila.es] in Ávila was established shortly after his death to preserve and promote his scholarly legacy. 
During his long and distinguished career, Sánchez-Albornoz received dozens of awards and honorary degrees from institutions and nations around the world and was a member, or corresponding member, of numerous scholarly academies.[http://www.diputacionavila.es/fcsa/index.php?honores]
Sánchez-Albornoz was survived by two daughters, and a son, Nicolás (born 1926), who went on to become a noted scholar of Latin American demographic history, author of "La población de América Latina" (1973, trans 1974, frequently republished).

</doc>
<doc id="20751553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751553" title="Santiago Villafañe">
Santiago Villafañe

Santiago Hernán Villafañe (born 19 May 1988 in Mar del Plata) is an Argentine footballer who plays for FC Midtjylland in the Danish Superliga.
Boca Juniors.
Of Italian origin, Santiago Hernán Villafañe began his playing career in Argentina with Boca Juniors, with whom he debuted in the First Division. A predominantly left sided player, he is known for his tough tackling and speed.
Real Madrid Castilla.
In 2007 he joined Real Madrid from Boca Juniors, where he played as a wingback or midfielder for Real Madrid Castilla. Villafañe trained with the first team on several occasions but did not play for Real Madrid in La Liga.
Boca Juniors, return.
In 2009 Villafañe returned to Boca Juniors.
FC Midtjylland.
In July 2012 he signed a five-year contract with the Danish Superliga-side FC Midtjylland.

</doc>
<doc id="20751557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751557" title="1948–49 New York Rangers season">
1948–49 New York Rangers season

The 1948–49 New York Rangers season was the 23rd season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers compiled a 18–31–11 record, and finished with 47 points. The Rangers' last-place finish caused them to miss the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers finished in last place in the NHL and failed to qualify for the 1949 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20751559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751559" title="Sajasan">
Sajasan

Sajasan (사자산; 獅子山) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20751579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751579" title="Nava Vasantham">
Nava Vasantham

Nava Vasantham is a remake of the Tamil film "Punnagai Desam", both of which have Tarun in a lead role. It is a remake of the film by same director Shahjahan. Sunil's comedy and Tarun in totally different character.
Plot.
Ganesh (Tarun) comes from village to meet his uncle and his daughter Ammu (Priyamani). His uncle refuses to acknowledge his presence and does not want his daughter to get married with him. He meets his friends Prasad (Akash), Raja (Rohith), Vijay (Sunil) who are living in bad condition to achieve their dreams.
Cast.
Music: S A Rajkumar
Producers: N V Prasad and Paras Jain
Banner: Mega Supergood Films
Story and direction : K Shahjahan
Release Date: November 9, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="20751608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751608" title="Early left anterior negativity">
Early left anterior negativity

The early left anterior negativity (commonly referred to as ELAN) is an event-related potential in electroencephalography (EEG), or component of brain activity that occurs in response to a certain kind of stimulus. It is characterized by a negative-going wave that peaks around 200 milliseconds or less after the onset of a stimulus, and most often occurs in response to linguistic stimuli that violate word-category or phrase structure rules (as in *"the in room" instead of "in the room"). As such, it is frequently a topic of study in neurolinguistics experiments, specifically in areas such as sentence processing. While it is frequently used in language research, there is no evidence yet that it is necessarily a language-specific phenomenon.
Characteristics of the ELAN.
The ELAN was first reported by Angela D. Friederici as a response to German sentences with phrase structure violations, such as *"the pizza was in the eaten" (as opposed to "the pizza was eaten"); it can be elicited by English phrase structure violations such as *"Max's of proof" (as opposed to "Max's proof") or *"your write" (as opposed to "you write"). The ELAN is not elicited by sentences with other kinds of grammatical errors, such as subject-verb disagreement (*""he go to the store"" rather than ""he goes to the store"") or grammatically dispreferred and "awkward" sentences (such as ""the doctor charged the patient was lying"" rather than ""the doctor charged that the patient was lying""); it only appears when it is impossible to build local phrase structure.
It appears rapidly, peaking between 100 and 300 milliseconds after the onset of the grammatically incorrect stimulus (other reports have placed its time course, or "latency", between 100 and 200ms, "under 200ms," "around 125 ms," or "about 160ms"). The speed of the ELAN may also be affected by characteristic of the violating stimuli; the ELAN appears later to visual stimuli that are fuzzy or difficult to see, and may occur earlier in morphologically complex spoken words where much information about the meaning of the word precedes the word's recognition point.
Its name derives from the fact that it is picked up most robustly by EEG sensors on the left front regions of the scalp; it may sometimes, however, have a bilateral (both sides of the scalp) distribution.
Some authors consider the ELAN to be a separate response from the Left anterior negativity (LAN), while others label it as just an early version of the LAN.
The ELAN has been reported in languages such as English, German, Dutch, Chinese, and Japanese. It is possible, though, that it is not a response specific to language (in other words, that the ELAN might also occur in response to non-linguistic stimuli.
Use in neurolinguistics.
The ELAN response has played an important role in studies of sentence processing, particularly in the development of the so-called "serial model" or "syntax-first model" of sentence processing. According to this model, the brain's first step in processing sentences is to organize input and build local phrase structure (for example, to take the words "the" and "pizza" and organize them into a noun phrase "the pizza"), and it does not process semantic information or meaning until after this step has succeeded. This model predicts that if the initial building of local phrase structure fails (as in the above examples *"Max's of proof" and *"your write") then semantic processing (the brain's interpretation of the meaning of the sentence) does not go forward. This has been tested by taking advantage of two brain responses: the ELAN, which reflects the phrase-structure-building, and the N400, which reflects semantic processing; the model predicts that sentences eliciting an ELAN (a violation of local phrase structure) will not elicit an N400, since the building of phrase structure is a prerequisite for semantic processing. These types of studies have had subjects read or listen to sentences that have both a syntactic and semantic violation in the same place. Some such studies have found such sentences to elicit an ELAN and no N400, thus supporting the claim of the "serial model," while others have found both an ELAN and an N400, challenging the model.

</doc>
<doc id="20751616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751616" title="Heartaches (album)">
Heartaches (album)

Heartaches is a compilation album released in 1985 containing some of the hit singles by country music singer, Patsy Cline. It was released on MCA Records. 
"Heartaches" is a 10-track collection that includes some of Patsy Cline's biggest hits such as "Crazy," "I Fall to Pieces," and "Walkin' After Midnight." The album overlooks most of Cline's essential songs.
Upon its release, a cassette version was also issued but only contained the first eight tracks. In 1997 it was remastered and reissued with the original version of "Walkin' After Midnight," reissued under the title, "The Best of Patsy Cline."
On March 30, 2000, the album was certified Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of over one million copies in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20751618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751618" title="Glass Records">
Glass Records

Glass Records was a British independent record label which operated from 1981 to 1989, if GLASS 001 and GLASS 002 were issued in 1979 and 1980 respectively.
Glass was one of the circuit of key London-based indie labels of the 1980s. The label released several records by artists having associations with other London-based indies: Creation Records (Nikki Sudden & the Jacobites, The Pastels, The Servants); Fire Records (Spacemen 3 and The Perfect Disaster). Glass's mainstay act was The Jazz Butcher. The label also issued material by Bauhaus member David J, and American punk band The Replacements.
Glass Records discography.
Albums may be in LP (GLALP, GLASSLP or GLEX), compact disc (GLACD or GLEXCD), or cassette (GLAMC or GLASSMC) format, with singles listed mainly with the GLASS prefix. Mini-albums are listed as MGLALP. Artefacts with the same title under different catalogue entries refer to the same recording, if releases were not always issued in more than one format, leading to apparent gaps in the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20751630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751630" title="Pantelis Zervos">
Pantelis Zervos

Pantelis Zervos (, Born 1908 in Loutraki – January 22, 1982 in Athens) was a Greek theatrical and a film actor.
Biography.
Zervos was born in Loutraki near Corinth in Perachora. He attended the Art Theatre School with Karolos Koun (Coon). He entered the theatrical scene from 1933 and participated with the greatest stars of the time as distinction in classic and main roles, even in modern Greek civics.
His most theatrical plays he acted was "Alkistis Antigoni" ("Alcestis Antigone"), "Macbeth", "Pluto", etc.
His presentation at the film saw him a great success. Around 70 were his presentation in movies mostly on the work "Madalena" produced by Dinos Dimopoulos (1960), he awarded the first award on his second male role at the Thessaloniki Film Festival in 1960. His other appearances include "Raw Bread" (1915), "[[O agapitikos tis voskopoulas" (1955), "Makrykostaioi kai Kontogiorgides" (1960), "Ziteitai pseftis" (1961), "O Atsidas" (1962), "Lola" (1964), "A Student with Blonde Hair" (1969) and "Maria tis siopis" (1973).
Other than his radio and television appearances, Zervos left history, different in everyday radio broadcasts "To 5lepto enos thyrorou".
Pantelis Zervos was a member of the Greek Actos Guild and the Artists Council of the National Theatre. He participated in many theatrical periodicals in and out of Greece in which he took part distinctively. For his theatricals he was awarded the Order of the Golden Cross by George I and King Paul.
He lived along in Palaio Faliro in Athens and spoke English. He died on January 22, 1982 at the age of 73. He is buried in Palaio Faliro. He raised two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20751641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751641" title="RMIT School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering">
RMIT School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering

RMIT's School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering (also known as SAMME) is an Australian tertiary education school within the College of Science Engineering and Health at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University). 
The School consists of three major disciplines, Aerospace and Aviation Engineering, Manufacturing and Materials Engineering and Mechanical and Automotive Engineering. The current Head of School is Professor Aleksandar Subic.
Location.
The Department is located in the adjoining Buildings 56 & 57 (Level 9) at the City campus and also on the Bundoora East campus.
Industry Partners.
Partners of the school include: Airbus, ADF, BMW, Boeing, Ford, GKN, Holden, RAeS, Subaru and Volkswagen Group.
Sir Lawrence Wackett Aerospace Centre.
The Sir Lawrence Wackett Aerospace Centre is a research centre created in conjunction with the School of Mathematics. It is located in Port Melbourne adjoining other Aerospace companies. The centre aims to "Create new intellectual property in partnership with industry, through research and design that addresses real world issues, for commercial use and development.". 
In 2004 a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between the centre and the Indian National Aerospace Laboratory. The MoU involved the centre undertaking design work for Indian aircraft.
In 2007 it was successful in winning a $5 Billion tender from the Australian Department of Defence over 20 years to upgrade and replace the helicopter fleet.
National Aerospace Resource Centre.
The National Aerospace Resource Centre is a research collection partnership between the Royal Aeronautical Society's Australian Division and the RMIT School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering.
It consists of approximately 100,000 volumes, including: technical reports (from NASA, NACA, AMRL and DSTO), conference proceedings, books, videos, aircraft manuals and journals, and is housed at RMIT's Bundoora West Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20751647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751647" title="1945–46 New York Rangers season">
1945–46 New York Rangers season

The 1945–46 New York Rangers season was the 20th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers compiled a 13–28–9 record and finished with 35 points. With a last-place finish, the Rangers did not qualify for the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers finished the season in last place in the NHL for the fourth consecutive season and missed the 1946 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20751649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751649" title="Geometriae Dedicata">
Geometriae Dedicata

Geometriae Dedicata is a mathematical journal, founded in 1972, concentrating on geometry and its relationship to topology, group theory and the theory of dynamical systems. It was created on the initiative of Hans Freudenthal in Utrecht, the Netherlands. It is published by Springer Netherlands. The Editors-in-Chief are John R. Parker and Jean-Marc Schlenker.

</doc>
<doc id="20751674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751674" title="Clique complex">
Clique complex

Clique complexes, flag complexes, and conformal hypergraphs are closely related mathematical objects in graph theory and geometric topology that each describe the cliques (complete subgraphs) of an undirected graph.
Clique complex.
The clique complex "X"("G") of an undirected graph "G" is an abstract simplicial complex (that is, a family of finite sets closed under the operation of taking subsets), formed by the sets of vertices in the cliques of "G". Any subset of a clique is itself a clique, so this family of sets meets the requirement of an abstract simplicial complex that every subset of a set in the family should also be in the family. The clique complex can also be viewed as a topological space in which each clique of "k" vertices is represented by a simplex of dimension "k" − 1. The 1-skeleton of "X"("G") (also known as the "underlying graph" of the complex) is an undirected graph with a vertex for every 1-element set in the family and an edge for every 2-element set in the family; it is isomorphic to "G".
Clique complexes are also known as Whitney complexes. A Whitney triangulation or clean triangulation of a two-dimensional manifold is an embedding of a graph "G" onto the manifold in such a way that every face is a triangle and every triangle is a face. If a graph "G" has a Whitney triangulation, it must form a cell complex that is isomorphic to the Whitney complex of "G". In this case, the complex (viewed as a topological space) is homeomorphic to the underlying manifold. A graph "G" has a 2-manifold clique complex, and can be embedded as a Whitney triangulation, if and only if "G" is locally cyclic; this means that, for every vertex "v" in the graph, the induced subgraph formed by the neighbors of "v" forms a single cycle.
Independence complex.
The independence complex "I"("G") of a graph "G" is formed in the same way as the clique complex from the independent sets of "G". It is the clique complex of the complement graph of "G".
Flag complex.
In an abstract simplicial complex, a set "S" of vertices that is not itself part of the complex, but such that each pair of vertices in "S" belongs to some simplex in the complex, is called an "empty simplex". Mikhail Gromov defined the "no-Δ condition" to be the condition that a complex have no empty simplices. A flag complex is an abstract simplicial complex that has no empty simplices; that is, it is a complex satisfying Gromov's no-Δ condition.
Any flag complex is the clique complex of its 1-skeleton. Thus, flag complexes and clique complexes are essentially the same thing. However, in many cases it may be convenient to define a flag complex directly from some data other than a graph, rather than indirectly as the clique complex of a graph derived from that data.
Conformal hypergraph.
The primal graph "G(H)" of a hypergraph is the graph on the same vertex set that has as its edges the pairs of vertices appearing together in the same hyperedge. A hypergraph is said to be conformal if every maximal clique of its primal graph is a hyperedge, or equivalently, if every clique of its primal graph is contained in some hyperedge. If the hypergraph is required to be downward-closed (so it contains all hyperedges that are contained in some hyperedge) then the hypergraph is conformal precisely when it is a flag complex. This relates the language of hypergraphs to the language of simplicial complexes.
Examples and applications.
The barycentric subdivision of any cell complex "C" is a flag complex having one vertex per cell of "C". A collection of vertices of the barycentric subdivision form a simplex if and only if the corresponding collection of cells of "C" form a flag (a chain in the inclusion ordering of the cells). In particular, the barycentric subdivision of a cell complex on a 2-manifold gives rise to a Whitney triangulation of the manifold.
The order complex of a partially ordered set consists of the chains (totally ordered subsets) of the partial order. If every pair of some subset is itself ordered, then the whole subset is a chain, so the order complex satisfies the no-Δ condition. It may be interpreted as the clique complex of the comparability graph of the partial order.
The matching complex of a graph consists of the sets of edges no two of which share an endpoint; again, this family of sets satisfies the no-Δ condition. It may be viewed as the clique complex of the complement graph of the line graph of the given graph. When the matching complex is referred to without any particular graph as context, it means the matching complex of a complete graph. The matching complex of a complete bipartite graph "K""m","n" is known as a chessboard complex. It is the clique graph of the complement graph of a rook's graph, and each of its simplices represents a placement of rooks on an "m" × "n" chess board such that no two of the rooks attack each other. When "m" = "n" ± 1, the chessboard complex forms a pseudo-manifold.
The Vietoris–Rips complex of a set of points in a metric space is a special case of a clique complex, formed from the unit disk graph of the points; however, every clique complex "X(G)" may be interpreted as the Vietoris–Rips complex of the shortest path metric on the underlying graph "G".
Gromov showed that a cubical complex (that is, a family of hypercubes intersecting face-to-face) forms a CAT(0) space if and only if the complex is simply connected and the link of every vertex forms a flag complex. A cubical complex meeting these conditions is sometimes called a cubing or a "space with walls".

</doc>
<doc id="20751689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751689" title="Raymond Eugene Plummer">
Raymond Eugene Plummer

Raymond Eugene Plummer (March 27, 1913 – December 26, 1987) was an American lawyer and judge.
Plummer was born in 1913 in Harlan, Iowa. He attended the University of Nebraska where he graduated with a B.A. in 1927 and a LL.B. in 1939. He went into private practice in Dallas, Texas 1939-1940 and Lincoln, Nebraska 1940-1944. Later, he served as Assistant U.S. attorney, District of Alaska, 1944–1946 and U.S. Attorney for the District of Alaska, 1946-1949. Plummer then returned to private practice in Anchorage, Alaska, 1949–1961
Plummer was nominated by John F. Kennedy on August 28, 1961, to a new seat as a Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 8, 1961, and received his commission on September 18, 1961. Plummer served as chief judge, 1966-1973. He assumed senior status on June 1, 1973. Service terminated on December 26, 1987, due to death.

</doc>
<doc id="20751714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751714" title="Invasion of Isle de France">
Invasion of Isle de France

The Invasion of Isle de France was a complicated but successful amphibious operation in the Indian Ocean, launched in November 1810 during the Napoleonic Wars. During the operation, a substantial British military force was landed by the Royal Navy at Grand Baie on Isle de France (now Mauritius). Marching inland against weak French opposition, the British force was able to overwhelm the defenders in a series of minor engagements, culminating in the capture of the island's capital Port Napoleon and the surrender of Charles Decaen, the French governor. The surrender eliminated the last French territory in the Indian Ocean and among the military equipment captured were five French Navy frigates and 209 heavy cannon. Isle de France was retained by Britain at the end of the war under the name of Mauritius and remained part of the British Empire until 1968.
The operation was the culmination of two years of conflict over the island and the neighbouring Île Bourbon between frigate squadrons commanded by Josias Rowley and Jacques Hamelin. Hamelin repeatedly raided British trade convoys and Rowley responded with amphibious assaults on French harbours, but neither had gained ascendancy by the time Rowley sent most of his force to attack the port of Grand Port on Isle de France in August 1810. At the ensuing battle at Grand Port the British squadron was destroyed and Hamelin began to blockade Rowley on Île Bourbon. As British reinforcements were urgently despatched, several actions were fought between recently arrived British ships and the more numerous French forces. At the last of these on 18 September 1810, Hamelin was defeated and captured by Rowley. This allowed Rowley to build his forces over the next two months until they were sufficient for a successful invasion, which was led by the recently arrived Admiral Albemarle Bertie.
Background.
The Indian Ocean had been an important strategic region for British trade since the first British trading posts were developed in India. By the Napoleonic Wars, millions of pounds worth of goods crossed the ocean's trade routes every year, mostly in the heavily guarded convoys of East Indiamen. The French recognised the economic importance of these convoys but until 1808 failed to provide sufficient forces to disrupt the Indian trade. Late in 1808, it was decided to send a strong frigate squadron to the Ocean under the command of Jacques Hamelin to augment the forces available on the island bases of Île Bonaparte and Isle de France and raid British shipping in the region. Hamelin was an able commander and between May 1809 and July 1810 his ships captured seven East Indiamen and a large number of small merchant ships and warships.
The British response to Hamelin's deployment was provided by Admiral Albemarle Bertie, who collected a squadron of ships from those available at the Cape of Good Hope and placed them under the command of Commodore Josias Rowley. Bertie gave Rowley instructions to blockade the islands and prepare for invasion attempts once the required forces could be spared. During 1809 and the spring of 1810, Rowley maintained the blockade and launched a series of small raids, the largest being at Saint Paul on Île Bonaparte in September 1809. By July 1810, Rowley had developed sufficient forces at his island base on Rodriguez to successfully invade and capture Île Bonaparte, which he restored to its former name of Île Bourbon. In August, Rowley attempted to extend his blockade of Isle de France by seizing small islands off the main ports that could control the passage of shipping through the coral reefs that surround the island. The first operation was to capture Île de la Passe off Grand Port, which was successfully secured on 13 August. Shortly afterwards a French squadron forced passage into the harbour and Captain Samuel Pym ordered the four frigates of the blockade squadron to attack the ships anchored in the bay. The ensuing Battle of Grand Port was a disaster for the British, as two frigates were wrecked on the reefs and two others captured with their entire crews: only the very seriously wounded, including Captain Nesbit Willoughby, were repatriated to Île Bourbon.
With his squadron reduced to a single frigate, Rowley sent urgent messages to the British bases at Madras and Cape Town requesting reinforcements. The naval authorities responded by sending the forces they had available to join Rowley at Rodriguez. The first two frigates to arrive, HMS "Africaine" and HMS "Ceylon" were both attacked while sailing alone and captured by Hamelin's squadron, which was now blockading Île Bourbon. Rowley was able to recapture both ships within hours of their loss, and was also able to seize Hamelin and his flagship "Vénus" at the Action of 18 September 1810. The loss of the French naval commander was a serious blow to the squadron on Isle de France, which was also beset by supply problems resulting from a lack of naval stores and food supplies. Unable to make the lengthy cruises needed to disrupt the Indian Ocean trade routes, they were forced to remain in harbour as Rowley was heavily reinforced during September and October 1810, and eventually the senior naval officer, Captain Jean Dornal de Guy, had his four frigates, "Manche", "Astrée", "Bellone" and "Minerve", moored in Port-Louis and their crew disambarked to reinforce the garrison of the town.
Planning.
The invasion of Isle de France, although prompted by the defeat at Grand Port, had been the ultimate intention of Rowley's squadron since its creation in 1809 and had been planned carefully both on a strategic level by Bertie at Cape Town and Lord Minto at Madras and on a tactical level by Rowley and his British Army counterpart Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Keating on Rodriguez. The transport ships and soldiers would come from the Indian garrisons at Madras, Bombay and Calcutta, to be led by General John Abercromby (although they were also accompanied by Rear-Admiral William O'Bryen Drury, whom Bertie ordered to return to Madras before the invasion) while the naval forces to protect and support the invasion force were to be provided by Bertie from the Cape of Good Hope. These forces were to gather at Rodriguez in preparation for the invasion. The landings themselves were planned by Rowley and Keating, who relied on Willoughby's intimate knowledge of the coastline of Isle de France and a series of careful surveys of the reefs that surrounded the island to select a landing site.
The chosen point was at Grand Baie, on the northwestern coastline approximately north of the island's capital Port Napoleon. The intention was to prepare an elite force of 1,555 men formed from the Grenadier and light companies of the regiments attached to the invasion. This vanguard would storm ashore and advance rapidly towards the capital closely supported by a naval brigade and Royal Marines units, followed by the main body of the army of 5,293 soldiers. The entire force would have logistical assistance and artillery support from Royal Navy ships that would shadow the advance along the coast. The army's orders were to seize Port Napoleon and capture Governor Charles Decaen, action which, it was hoped, would be sufficient to force the surrender of the entire island. Subsequent landings would be made to the west of the capital if French resistance was stronger than expected.
On 15 October, Bertie arrived at Rodriguez with his squadron from Cape Town. On 3 November troops from the Bombay garrison arrived, followed on 6 November by the Madras contingent. On Rodriguez the invasion plans were finalised, HMS "Staunch" sent to reconnoitre the northern coastline of Isle de France to seek a suitable beach. Command of the landing and the naval support role was given to Captain Philip Beaver, who had a reputation as an expert in amphibious operations. Keating was placed in command of the vanguard of the land force, with Captain William Augustus Montagu commanding of the naval brigade, and Abercromby in overall charge. Rowley would remain offshore in HMS "Boadicea", as would Bertie who took "Africaine" as his flagship.
The French response to the impending British invasion was to mobilise the island's 10,000 strong militia. Despite their large numbers, this force was untrained, poorly armed and poorly motivated. Decaen himself recognised that they would be unreliable in the face of attack by British regular soldiers. He also bolstered his forces by attempting to recruit volunteers from among the hundreds of prisoners of war held in the island's prisons (a principal cause of the food shortages on Isle de France). Over 500 volunteers agreed to join his army, the majority of them Irishmen promised French assistance in obtaining Irish independence from Britain. Altogether, Decaen could muster 1,300 regular soldiers to defend the capital, which he placed under the command of General Edmé-Martin Vandermaesen.
Invasion.
On 22 November 1810, all the British troops and ships were assembled and Bertie ordered the squadron to rendezvous off Grand Baie, which was reached early on 29 November despite adverse winds. The vanguard landed unopposed, their landing craft supported by ship's boats carrying cannon, supplemented by the firepower of the larger ships offshore. Although there was some disruption in the early stages of the attack caused by adverse weather conditions, by 21:00 the entire vanguard and naval brigades were ashore. The landing had been effected with just two casualties, both men who died of natural causes. Keating took command of the vanguard and advanced on Fort Malartic, the garrison retreating before his troops and blowing up the fort as they left. During the morning of 30 November, Keating pushed southwards to the River Tombeau which overlooked Port Napoleon, his front units skirmishing with French defenders across the river, during which Decaen himself was lightly wounded by a musket ball. The bridge over the river had been held by a force of militia, but they fell back before the British advance and failed to properly demolish the bridge, allowing Keating to rapidly cross and threaten Port Napoleon. At Grand Baie, the remainder of the invasion force were coming ashore, so that the entire army had landed by midday, although Abercromby himself elected to stay with Beaver on HMS "Nisus" and follow the advance from offshore.
On 1 December, Vandermaesen made a stand before Port Napoleon, defending the entrance to the town with his available regular troops and some small cannon. Keating attacked him, engaging the French front while a second attack by Madras sepoys outflanked the French line and disrupted it, allowing a successful frontal assault. With their defences breached the French fell back and on 2 December Decaen proposed a ceasefire, which was accepted. The following day Decaen surrendered, although with guarantees that he and the garrison would be repatriated and allowed to retain their personal arms and Eagles. Although some in the British force were unhappy with the terms of the surrender, the British commanders were relieved to have the invasion complete before the hurricane season began later in the month. The danger to the 70 ships in the British fleet from such a storm was serious and it was vitally important that they were in a safe harbour when the hurricane season began.
Aftermath.
The surrender of Isle de France marked the final British operation of the campaign and the capture of the last French territory east of Africa. The island was restored to its pre-1715 name of Mauritius and the towns renamed under Decaen (such as Port Napoleon) were restored to their pre-Revolutionary names. Governor Robert Townsend Farquhar of Île Bourbon was placed in administrative control of the island, Île Bourbon taken over by Keating. Although the French garrison was repatriated, the invaders captured six French frigates ("Manche", "Astrée", "Bellone" and "Minerve", "Iphigénie" and "Néréide") and several smaller warships (the corvette "Victor", the brig "Entreprenant", the aviso "Lutin" and the "Mouche n°23") in the various harbours of Isle de France as well as 24 merchant ships. Also seized were 209 heavy cannon.
The British recaptured the East Indiamen "Ceylon", "Charlton" and "United Kingdom", which the French were using as prison ships. Among the hundreds of prisoners released were the survivors of the Battle of Grand Port and the crews and passengers from the Indiamen captured over the previous year. Among the French prisoners, were discovered 12 deserters from the British Army or Royal Navy (at least 40 successfully passed as Frenchmen and were repatriated to France). These 12 were put on trial on their return to Britain: two were later hanged and five transported. Rewards were forthcoming, particularly for Bertie, who was made a baronet. This created a scandal when Admiral Drury accused Bertie of taking credit for the work of others (principally Drury himself). Mauritius, unlike Île Bourbon, remained in British hands after the end of the war in 1814 and was retained as part of the British Empire until granted independence in 1968.
Although there were no further British operations in the region, the Mauritius campaign was not quite over. When news of the victory at Grand Port had reached France, there was pressure to resupply and reinforce the victorious squadron under Hamelin and a small squadron commanded by Commodore François Roquebert was ordered to sail for Isle de France. This squadron included three frigates: "Renommée", "Clorinde" and "Néréide" and carried extensive stores to repair and rearm Hamelin's frigates. The journey from France to the Indian Ocean was a long one, and it was not until February 1811 that Roquebert's squadron arrived at Mauritius. Discovering that the island was in British hands, Roquebert attempted to return to France but was chased by the frigates stationed on Mauritius and captured at the Action of 20 May 1811. Only "Clorinde" escaped the British pursuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20751741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751741" title="Norwegian Olympic and Paralympic Committee and Confederation of Sports">
Norwegian Olympic and Paralympic Committee and Confederation of Sports

The Norwegian Olympic and Paralympic Committee and Confederation of Sports () is the umbrella organization for sport in Norway. It is the largest volunteering organization in Norway, with more than 2 million members, and 12000 sports clubs, in 19 region confederatons and 54 national federations. The current president is Børre Rognlien.
The organisation was founded in 1861 as "Centralforeningen for Udbredelse af Legemsøvelser og Vaabenbrug", and has later changed its name several times. The current name dates from 2007.
Former presidents.
The presidents before 1940:
During the German occupation of Norway.
NLF and AIF were merged in September 1940, but the new organization was soon usurped by the Nazi authorities during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20751746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751746" title="3rd Army (Russian Empire)">
3rd Army (Russian Empire)

The Russian Third Army was a World War I Russian field army that fought on the Eastern theatre of war.
Field management was established in July 1914 at the headquarters of the Kiev Military District. The unit was disbanded in the beginning of 1918. At the beginning of the war the 3rd Army was composed of the IX, X, XI, XXI Army Corps.
Military Fronts in which the 3rd Army participated.
Mobilisation.
The Third Army was originally based in Dubno. It comprised four Army Corps and three cavalry divisions, with the 3rd Caucasian Division joining them later. They were part of the invasion of Galicia, with the first stop for the staff officers was at Penyaki where they were made welcome by the servants of a house owned by a major in the Austrian Army. The building was set on fire by unknown people following their departure for Zolochev. Here the Army HQ was accommodated in a three-storey stone building which had previously been a bank.

</doc>
<doc id="20751759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751759" title="1944–45 New York Rangers season">
1944–45 New York Rangers season

The 1944–45 New York Rangers season was the 19th season for the team in the National Hockey League (NHL). During the regular season, the Rangers posted an 11–29–10 record and finished with 32 points.
The Rangers' last-place finish caused them to miss the NHL playoffs.
Playoffs.
The Rangers finished the season in last place in the NHL for the third consecutive season and missed the 1945 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20751764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751764" title="Bill Conway (baseball)">
Bill Conway (baseball)

William F. Conway (November 28, 1861 – December 18, 1943) was a backup catcher in Major League Baseball. Listed at , 170 lb., Conway batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Lowell, Massachusetts. 
Conway was 22 years old when he entered the majors in with the Philadelphia Quakers, appearing in one game for them before playing seven games with the Baltimore Orioles in . 
In a two-season career, Conway was a .111 hitter (2-for-18) with four runs and three RBI without extrabases. 
Despite appearing in just eight games, Conway eventually saved himself from baseball anonymity when he made battery with his younger brother, Dick Conway, to form one of 16 pitcher/catcher combinations of brothers in major league history. On August 22, 1886, the Conway brothers appeared in one game while playing for Baltimore.
Following his playing retirement, Conway worked as an engraver at the Middlesex Bleachery in Somerville, Massachusetts, where he died at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="20751766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751766" title="Kitchen witch">
Kitchen witch

A kitchen witch, sometimes called a "cottage witch" or a "Scandinavian" kitchen witch doll, is a poppet or homemade doll resembling a stereotypical witch or crone displayed in residential kitchens as a means to provide good luck and ward off bad spirits.
History.
There is some debate over the exact country in which the kitchen witch originated, some claiming Norway and others Germany, but consensus points to it stemming from older European customs.
The poppet is supposed to depict a "good" witch who inspires productivity and safety in a kitchen, but also counteracts any ill-will directed to the home. It is considered good luck to give a kitchen witch to a friend or family member. So that those unfamiliar with the kitchen witch can understand its meaning, sometimes a note will be hung around the witch's neck stating something similar to:
"The Legendary Secret of Goof-Proof Cooking: The Famous Kitchen Witch
"For centuries, Norwegians have hung this good witch in their kitchen. They believe she has the power to keep roasts from burning, pots from boiling over, and sauces from spilling.""
In England
Although largely unknown in modern England, the Kitchen Witch may have been known in England in Tudor times. The will of a John Crudgington, of Newton, Worfield, Shropshire, dated 1599, includes amongst his household possessions "one witche in the kytchyn".

</doc>
<doc id="20751782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751782" title="Bryce Larkin">
Bryce Larkin

Bryce Larkin is a spy on the comedy series "Chuck" on NBC. Bryce is the ex-college roommate and fraternity brother of the series' main character, Chuck Bartowski, and was formerly partnered and once romantically involved with Chuck's CIA handler Sarah Walker. Bryce was responsible for sending Chuck the Intersect, beginning the events of the series. He is portrayed by Matthew Bomer.
Biography.
Most of what has been revealed about Bryce's background has been in dialogue, with some details provided in flashbacks. "Chuck Versus the Intersect" established that Bryce was originally from Connecticut. He attended Stanford University, where he met Chuck Bartowski on his first day of class in 1999. As shown in "Chuck Versus the Alma Mater," Chuck and Bryce quickly became friends because of their mutual interest in computers and video games. While in Stanford they wrote their own version of the classic computer game Zork in C++. The same episode also established that Bryce was friends with Jill Roberts, who would later begin dating Chuck. Bryce and Chuck enjoyed games of Gotcha! in the school library.
Bryce was recruited into the CIA by Professor Flemming in 2002. The following year, Bryce learned that Flemming intended to recruit Chuck as well for the Omaha Project. As shown in "Chuck Versus the Alma Mater," Bryce sacrificed his close friendship with Chuck to protect Chuck from the government, which he told Flemming would destroy him. He conspired with the professor to frame Chuck for cheating on his exams, and Flemming expelled Chuck, claiming that Bryce tipped them off. To make matters worse, Jill Roberts told Chuck that she had left him for Bryce, a lie she told under the orders of a CIA splinter group called Fulcrum. 
Because he protected Chuck from the government, he was the only spy Stephen J. Bartowski (a.k.a. Orion, the creator of the Intersect) would trust, and Bryce promised Orion not to let the Intersect fall into the wrong hands.
Sometime in 2005, Bryce was first partnered with Sarah Walker. At some point, their professional relationship spilled over into an intimate one and they became lovers. However, as established in "Chuck Versus the Nemesis," Bryce was later contacted by Fulcrum to steal the Intersect, leading to his separation from Sarah and the central events of the series.
Series.
At the beginning of the series, Bryce is shown on an apparent rogue mission stealing the Intersect from the National Intelligence Directorate. During his escape attempt, he sends the entire database to Chuck-using their custom Zork game as a code-just as he is shot (apparently fatally) by NSA Agent John Casey. Although Bryce only appears sporadically throughout the first two seasons, his theft of the Intersect and sending it to Chuck gives him an important place in the series' mythology, as his actions set the overall arc in motion.
Revelations about the events surrounding this theft and Bryce's motives are meted out over the course of the first two seasons. Bryce stole the Intersect to keep it out of Fulcrum's hands, and did so under Stephen Bartowski's guidance. But despite Stephen's wishes to keep Chuck out of it, Bryce sent the Intersect to Chuck because he knew Chuck could handle the Intersect and that Sarah would find Chuck.
Chuck was unaware of Bryce's work with the CIA and his apparent death until told about both by Sarah in "Chuck Versus the Intersect." Dialogue throughout the first half of the first season reinforces the appearance that Bryce's betrayals destroyed Chuck's life. Because Bryce had not informed Sarah of his plans, she initially believes he betrayed both her and his country. Chuck and Sarah attend his funeral in "Chuck Versus the Helicopter".
After the pilot, Bryce's next appearance is in flashbacks throughout "Chuck Versus the Alma Mater," when the team's mission takes them to Stanford and forces Chuck to confront his expulsion. The truth of events is revealed, and Chuck and Sarah realize that Bryce only betrayed him to protect him. 
It is first revealed that Bryce survived being shot by Casey in "Chuck Versus the Imported Hard Salami." More information, including why he stole the Intersect, is revealed in the following episode, when Bryce introduces Chuck and the team to Fulcrum, whose agent, Tommy Delgado, Bryce deceived into believing he possessed the Intersect in his head. After defeating Tommy, Bryce is ordered by General Beckman to go into deep cover and pursue Fulcrum. According to Bryce, for all intents and purposes, he was to remain dead.
Bryce resurfaces again in "Chuck Versus the Break-Up" to obtain the team's assistance in recovering an update for the Intersect that was stolen by Fulcrum. The operation is nearly botched when Sarah abandons the assignment to protect Chuck, who had been captured. Bryce also continues to push Sarah on restarting their relationship before he is confronted by Devon Woodcomb, who tells Bryce that Sarah loves Chuck. Bryce attempts to warn Chuck off by telling him that Sarah's feelings for him endangered not only the mission but both her and Chuck's lives. Before disappearing, Bryce leaves Chuck a pair of sunglasses containing an Intersect update.
In Bryce's appearances leading into the second season finale, "Chuck Versus the Ring," he is used to derail Chuck and Sarah's developing relationship. However, in that episode he ultimately realizes Sarah's true love for Chuck, as she decides not to accompany Bryce on the new Intersect project, where Bryce is meant to be the human Intersect. Bryce is mortally wounded in "Chuck Versus the Ring" and asks Chuck to destroy the Intersect for him before dying from his injury. Chuck, knowing that the intel is essential for the CIA, and for lack of any option, sacrifices his normal future by taking Bryce's place as the human Intersect, uploading the Intersect 2.0 before destroying it.
In Chuck Versus First Class, Sarah told Daniel Shaw that she spread Bryce's ashes in Lisbon, Portugal where they took their first mission. It is unknown if this is in fact the truth or a lie Sarah told to cover her intent to go rogue with Chuck in Chuck Versus the Pink Slip.
Development.
Rumors of Bryce Larkin's return began to appear in early October, 2007. His return was confirmed with Matthew Bomer's cameo at the end of "Chuck Versus the Imported Hard Salami," although many reviewers noted that both the promo for the episode, and Bomer's name in the credits for the episode spoiled the ending. Bryce's return for "Chuck Versus the Nemesis" led to an increase in ratings to well over 8 million viewers for the night.
Bryce Larkin's return in Season Two was first revealed in June, 2008 and later confirmed in an interview with Chris Fedak, Josh Schwartz and Zachary Levi in August. IGN.com noted that once again, Bomer's return was spoiled by his name appearing in the credits of "Chuck Versus the Seduction."
Personality.
Bryce Larkin is presented in the series as all the things Chuck is not: confident, athletic, brave under fire, and an excellent spy. Bryce is a skilled martial artist, and a fight scene in the Buy More in "Chuck Versus the Nemesis" proves that his and Sarah's abilities strongly complement each other. Further commendation of Bryce's abilities comes in "Chuck Versus the Nemesis" when Casey calls him dangerous, and later tells Chuck, "When you have a chance to shoot Bryce Larkin, you shoot to kill." In "Chuck Versus the Intersect," a party-goer who knew Bryce at Stanford embarrassed Chuck with all of Bryce's accomplishments while there. On several occasions Chuck has commented how short he falls in comparison with Bryce.
In "Chuck Versus the Intersect," Bryce is already acquainted with Casey, and their dialog together throughout "Chuck Versus the Nemesis" suggests that the two have an antagonistic past. Bryce is still in love with Sarah and has continued to pursue a relationship with her. He was hurt in "Chuck Versus the Break-Up" when he realized that Sarah had moved on and had feelings for Chuck. Bryce highly values his friendship with Chuck. He also highly regards Chuck's innocence, honesty and integrity. In fact, it is implied while Chuck looks up to him, Bryce looks up to Chuck for those reasons and he was willing to destroy that relationship to protect him from losing those traits. In "Chuck Versus the Nemesis," Bryce tells Chuck that Chuck is the only friend he really has, which begins to repair their damaged friendship. The two share many of the same interests, including computers, programming and video games. Both speak Klingon, which they successfully used as a code during a mission.
The series has not revealed how much of a relationship Bryce had with Chuck's family or other friends. Although Devon spoke with him face to face in "Chuck Versus the Break-Up," he didn't recognize Bryce. Morgan nearly did in "Chuck Versus the Nemesis," but passed it off as him just being a look-alike. Morgan was the first one to make it clear (inadvertently) to Bryce how badly his actions derailed Chuck's life after he was expelled.

</doc>
<doc id="20751811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751811" title="Kodak Tower">
Kodak Tower

Kodak Tower is a 19 story skyscraper located in the High Falls District of Rochester, New York. at the Eastman Kodak Headquarters complex. It has a roof height of and stands a total of with it’s antenna spire included. It stood as Rochester, NY’s tallest building for over 50 years from it’s completion in 1914 until the Xerox Square Tower surpassed it in the late 1960’s. It is currently the 4th tallest building in Rochester, NY and is the 9th tallest building in New York State outside of NYC .
The Kodak Tower has long been recognized as a landmark in the Rochester Skyline, and an icon in the world of film photography. The building has also been called the "nerve center of photography".
The skyscraper is owned and occupied by the Eastman Kodak Company, and remains the headquarters of the company. In 2008 Kodak undertook work to repair and restore the exterior of the building. 
History.
The Kodak Tower was constructed on the site of an former factory next to several seven story Camera Works buildings that clustered around the site. Construction began in 1912 and completed in 1914 with Kodak founder George Eastman presiding the project. Upon it’s completion in 1914 the tower would become the tallest building in Rochester, New York until the 1960’s.
Design & Construction.
Kodak Tower was designed by Howard Cutler and Gordon & Kaelber Architects with a French Renaissance style. When construction began in 1912, the building was constructed as a 16 story high rise with a steel skeleton faced with terra cotta. The building would overtake the Powers Building to become the tallest building in the city upon it’s construction in 1914.
Spire Addition.
In the late 1920’s the architects of the Genesee Valley Trust building announced plans to mount a architectural feature that would threaten the Kodak Tower’s status as the Cities Tallest Building. Following the announcement Eastman Kodak hired an architect to construct 3 more floors on the building with a mansard roof and aluminum tower bringing the tower to a total height of feet in 1935. 
Peregrine Falcon Webcam.
In 1994 Dennis Money the founder of the Rochester Peregrine Falcon Project got permission from Kodak to install a nest box on the spire of the Kodak Office Tower. The nest box was installed as part of an effort to reintroduced Peregrine Falcons to eastern North America after the species was listed on the U.S. Endangered Species list.
In 1998 a pair of peregrine falcons known to the public as Mariah & Cabot-Sirocco began nesting in the nest box. The reintroduction effort became popular over the web after Brad Carney an IT Consultant at Eastman Kodak coordinated an effort to install web cams around the nest and made the web cam imagery available on the web for the public to view. The web cam quickly became a popular attraction on the kodak website.
Mariah would hatch 43 falcon chicks at the top of the Kodak Tower until the nest box was relocated to the Times Square Building in 2008 when Eastman Kodak announced plans to do extensive restoration work on the Tower.
Architecture.
Kodak Tower is tall to it’s roof and reaches a full height of tall. The building has 19 floors of commercial office space occupied exclusively by the Eastman Kodak Company. Atop the building is a 18th and 19th floor balcony with a steep gothic steeple with a lightning rod with the initials EK symbolizing Eastman Kodak at the very top of the building.
Signage & Lights.
A block letter sign that spells out the company name “KODAK” is displayed at the roof level of the North and the South Side of the tower. Throughout the night the sign is lite up with with a red neon light. In addition to the sign the towers 18th and 19th balcony facade is lite up during special occasions like sporting events and the holidays.
Restoration.
On June 13th 2008 Eastman Kodak Announced that it would repair and restore the exterior of the tower. The building was in need of urgent repairs due to deterioration in the masonry in numerous locations on the tower which threatened the buildings safety and integrity. The restoration was completed in 2010.
Address.
The building's official address is 343 State Street, Rochester, New York 14650.

</doc>
<doc id="20751821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751821" title="Batrachedra decoctor">
Batrachedra decoctor

Batrachedra decoctor is a species of moth belonging to the Batrachedridae family. It is native to the southeastern United States especially in northern Florida.
Ecology.
In its larval state it feeds exclusively on the "Serenoa repens" plant.

</doc>
<doc id="20751824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751824" title="Bra bomb">
Bra bomb

A bra bomb is a bomb worn by women suicide bombers. Hiding the explosives in a bra instead of a vest allows for the women to show their midriffs when searched. In 2007 a Tamil Tiger suicide bomber had explosives hidden in her bra. She blew herself up outside the office of a Tamil minister.
Most notable high profile attack would be the suicide attack by Thenmuli Rajaratnam wearing a belt with explosives or a bra bomb used in the assassination of Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi by Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE).
In the United States, complaints have been made by airline passengers against TSA for their intrusive checks for bra bombs, including the call for an apology and civil rights investigation from a woman who was required to remove her nipple piercings with pliers, and a mother who was told by Airport security to place her infant on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20751826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751826" title="Dick Conway">
Dick Conway

Richard Butler Conway (April 25, 1865 – September 9, 1926) was a pitcher/right fielder who played from through in Major League Baseball. Conway batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Lowell, Massachusetts.
As a teenager, Conway played for local Lowell teams. In 1884, he played outfield for the Salem team in the Massachusetts State Association, and pitched for the Lawrence team of the New England League in 1885.
Conway was 21 years old when he entered the majors in 1886 with the Baltimore Orioles, playing for them one year before joining the Boston Beaneaters (1887–1888). While playing for Baltimore, Conway entered in the baseball record books when he made battery with his older brother, Bill Conway, to form one of 16 pitcher/catcher combinations of brothers in major league history. His most productive season came in 1887, when he collected career-numbers in wins (9), starts (26), and innings pitched (222 ⅓).
In a three-season career, Conway posted a 15–24 record with a 4.78 ERA in 41 appearances, including 41 starts and 39 complete games, giving up 187 earned runs on 404 hits and 137 walks while striking out 121 in 352.0 innings of work. He also played 18 games as an outfielder, compiling a career .230 batting average (47-for-204) with 27 runs and 14 RBI. 
Following his majors career, Conway returned to the New England League and later pitched in the International League. He died in his homeland of Lowell at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="20751832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751832" title="Mary Schapiro">
Mary Schapiro

Mary L. Schapiro (born June 19, 1955) served as the 29th Chairperson of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). She was appointed by President Barack Obama, unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate, and assumed the Chairwomanship on January 27, 2009. She is the first woman to be the permanent Chair of the SEC. In 2009, Forbes ranked her the 56th most powerful woman in the world.
Schapiro served in various roles as a financial services regulator in the administrations of Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bill Clinton. From 2006 to early 2009, she was the Chairman and CEO of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the securities industry's self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers and exchanges in the United States.
Early life and education.
Schapiro was born in New York City to a Jewish family. She graduated from Franklin & Marshall College in 1977. In 1980 she earned a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree with honors from George Washington University Law School.
Career prior to the SEC.
Schapiro was appointed in 1988 by President Ronald Reagan to fill one of two Democratic seats on the SEC. President George H. W. Bush reappointed her to this position in 1989. President Bill Clinton appointed Schapiro acting Chairwoman of the SEC, and then appointed her Chairwoman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in 1994.
In 1996 Schapiro joined the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) (now the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority) as the president of NASD Regulation. In 2002 she became the Vice Chairwoman of the NASD.
In 2005 Schapiro oversaw a wide-reaching probe into gift-giving and entertaining on Wall Street, uncovering several instances of lavish and excessive activities, which led to many charges.
In 2006 she became NASD's Chairwoman and CEO. In that position, she oversaw NASD's consolidation with NYSE Member Regulation to form the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.
In January 2008, President George W. Bush appointed Schapiro to the 19-member council of the President's Advisory Council on Financial Literacy. In 2008, Schapiro was named to "Investment Advisor" magazine's IA 25, the list of the 25 most influential people in and around the investment advisory business.
In 2008, her last year at FINRA, Schapiro earned a regular compensation package of $3.3 million; on departure from FINRA, she received additional lump sum retirement benefit payments that brought her total package in 2008 to just under $9 million.
SEC Chairwoman.
In January 2009 the U.S. Senate unanimously confirmed Schapiro's appointment by President Barack Obama to be the SEC's first female permanent Chairperson.
Schapiro partially blamed the financial crises of 2008 on deregulation, telling senators that the regulatory system had "not kept pace with the markets and the needs of investors". As the SEC's head, she said, she would press for tighter regulation of financial instruments, including derivatives.
During Schapiro’s tenure at the SEC, the agency improved its enforcement program, creating new structures, procedures, and programs to better address the modern financial markets, including: bringing 735 enforcement actions in FY 2011 and a near record of 734 actions in FY 2012; obtaining more than $11 billion in ordered disgorgements and penalties since FY 2009; prosecuting the largest insider trading scheme ever discovered, winning a record $92.8 million fine in the civil case against the CEO of the Galleon Hedge Fund; and bringing financial-crisis related actions against Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, among others. Also during Schapiro’s tenure, the SEC brought a record number of enforcement actions and returned more than $6 billion to harmed investors. Schapiro also led the agency through one of its most active rulemaking periods, and enacted many other investor protection measures, including adopting more than three quarters of the rules required by the Dodd-Frank Act.
An early setback for Schapiro as SEC chairwoman occurred in September 2009 when U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff rejected the SEC's proposed $33 million settlement with Bank of America. BoA had been charged with failure to disclose bonuses paid to Merrill Lynch executive before the two companies merged. Under the settlement's terms BoA was allowed to deny any wrongdoing, which they did when pressed by Rakoff on the matter of guilt. Rakoff said the settlement did not "comport with the most elementary notions of justice and morality". Seven months later, Rakoff approved a $150 million settlement of the BoA case; BoA did not have to change its declaration of innocence.
Upon Schapiro’s departure from the SEC in December 2012, President Obama commended Schapiro’s contributions as Chairwoman in an official White House statement. In April 2013, Schapiro joined Promontory Financial Group as a managing director and chairwoman of its governance and markets practice.

</doc>
<doc id="20751833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751833" title="Morton Hall Immigration Removal Centre">
Morton Hall Immigration Removal Centre

IRC Morton Hall is an Immigration Removal Centre located in the village of Morton Hall (near Lincoln) in Lincolnshire, England. The centre is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and was previously a women's prison.
History.
Morton Hall was originally the site of an RAF base, which was converted into a prison and opened in 1985. It was expanded in 1996, and refitted to become a semi-open women's prison in 2001. Two ready to use units were opened in 2002, increasing overall capacity. From that time Morton Hall has been developing as a prison holding a high percentage of foreign nationals.
In January 2004, Morton became the first prison in England (along with HMP Kirkham) to trial the Intermittent Custody Scheme. The scheme saw some inmates held at Morton Hall from Monday to Friday (released at weekends), while another set of prisoners were held on Saturdays and Sundays (released during the week). The scheme was designed to allow prisoners on short sentences to remain in employment, independent housing and maintain family ties during their jail terms. The scheme was subsequently abandoned in November 2006.
In May 2004, a report from the Prison Reform Trust called for more facilities and support for foreign prisoners held at Morton Hall. The Trust noted improvements at the jail, but stated that more resources and staff training were needed to improve the regime at Morton Hall.
Morton Hall was recategoried as a closed women's prison in 2009. The prison held a high percentage of foreign nationals, and had a resettlement unit for prisoners coming to the end of their sentence who were settling in the UK.
In 2011 Morton Hall closed and re-opened as an Immigration Removal Centre, holding adult males awaiting deportation. The centre was formally opened on 1 June 2011 by Immigration Minister Damian Green.

</doc>
<doc id="20751857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751857" title="Aux Records">
Aux Records

Aux Records is an independent record label from Syracuse, New York. The label was started in 2003 and has released music for several bands that are from Central New York. The most notable record the label released is the Deluxe Edition of "Build Hearts From Stars" from the band Honor Bright. Honor Bright, a pop-punk band from Syracuse, was selected to play on the Warped Tour in 2008 and played live on MTV's program TRL.
History.
Aux has been involved in producing live music events including the Emerging Artists Stage at the Taste of Syracuse and the Emerging Artist Showcase at the New York State Fair.
Discography.
AUX001 - Merit - When We Fight (April 2004)<br>
AUX002 - For The Horizon - If All Else Fails (July 2005)<br>
AUX004 - Merit - Merit (May 2006)<br>
AUX005 - The Pilot Lies - Do Things Look Any Better? (May 2006)<br>
AUX006 - Anorexic Beauty Queen - This Little Light (June 2006)<br>
AUX007 - Merit - Sampler 2007 (August 2007)<br>
AUX008 - caleb micah - come home (September 2007)<br>
AUX009 - Anorexic Beauty Queen presents Michael Watson - Mistakes and All (December 2007)<br>
AUX010 - Dropcard Compilation with Syracuse.com and SubCat Studio, 2008 Taste of Syracuse (June 2008)<br>
AUX011 - Honor Bright - Build Hearts From Stars (Deluxe Edition) (December 2008)<br>
AUX012 - Fazeshift - The Everyday Broken Heart (September 2008)<br>
AUX014 - Merit - Arson Sampler (July 2008)<br>
AUX015 - Aux Records Sampler (July 2008)<br>
AUX016 - Honor Bright BHFS / ITWAM Sampler (July 2008)<br>
AUX017 - The Icon And The Axe - Propaganda (coming in 2009)<br>
AUX018 - The Brilliant Light - A Healing Is Due (coming in 2009)
Logo.
The Aux Records logo is based on the periodic table's symbol for gold (Au).
Ownership.
The label was started by Ulf Oesterle as a doctoral student attending Syracuse University in 2003. He currently teaches music business classes at the university.

</doc>
<doc id="20751861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751861" title="Type 73 Armored Personnel Carrier">
Type 73 Armored Personnel Carrier

The is an armored personnel carrier that entered service with Japan Ground Self-Defense Force in 1973. 
Development.
The Japanese Defense Agency's Technical Research and Development Institution issued a requirement for a new APC to replace the Type SU 60 in 1967. Among the requirements included a maximum speed of over 60 km/h, ability to carry 12 men including the crew, to be fully amphibious, have all-welded aluminium armor, provision for the infantry to use their small arms from inside the vehicle and be armed with a 20 mm cannon, a 12.7 mm machine gun and a 7.62 mm machine gun. An automotive test rig, called the SUT, was built in 1968. Komatsu and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries each built two prototypes the following year, one each in steel and aluminium. Mitsubishi's aluminium model was chosen for use in December 1973.
Description.
The Type 73 is almost unique in that it uses a mid-engined layout, as the driver and bow machine gunner are in the front of the vehicle. The commander sits slightly behind the bow gunner while the gunner sits behind the driver. The engine is mounted on the left side behind the bow gunner with both its air intake and exhaust on the top of the vehicle. The engine and transmission are designed to be easily removed as one complete unit. The gunner's cupola can traverse a full 360°, but the bow gunner's weapon can only traverse, elevate and depress 30°. It is fitted with six smoke dischargers, three on each side. Its infantry can fire their personal weapons from inside the vehicle. The Type 73 requires additional equipment to become amphibious and is propelled through the water by its tracks at a maximum speed of . It is fitted with infra-red driving lights and an NBC system.
Variants.
A command version is in service with a raised roof. The Type 73's chassis served has been adapted for use by the Type 75 130 mm Multiple Rocket Launcher, its companion Type 75 wind measurement vehicle and the Type 74 105 mm Self-propelled howitzer.
Status.
As of 2001, Japan reported to the United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs that 337 Type 73s were in service, although it seems unlikely to be fully superseded due to the Type 89's slow production rate.

</doc>
<doc id="20751866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751866" title="Oskari Mantere">
Oskari Mantere

Oskari Mantere (September 18, 1874 – December 9, 1942) was a Finnish politician from the National Progressive Party who served as Prime Minister of Finland from December 1928 to August 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20751886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751886" title="United Fire Fighters of Winnipeg">
United Fire Fighters of Winnipeg

The United Fire Fighters of Winnipeg - Local 867 is a union in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Its president as of December 2008 is Alex Forrest.
The union has supported several candidates for political office. In the 2008 federal election, it joined with other Manitoba fire fighters' unions to support the candidacy of Niki Ashton over incumbent Member of Parliament Tina Keeper in Churchill.

</doc>
<doc id="20751915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751915" title="Henry Hosmer">
Henry Hosmer

Henry Hosmer (April 7, 1837 – January 1, 1892) was a nineteenth-century American chess master. He is known to have played in only two significant chess tournaments: the Second and Third American Chess Congresses in 1871 and 1874.
Chess career.
The first modern chess tournament was not held until London 1851, and few tournaments were held in the 1870s, Hosmer's heyday. He is known to have played in only two, the Second and Third American Chess Congresses. In the Second American Chess Congress, held in New York City in November 1871, Hosmer finished second, scoring 12 out of 16 possible points in a double round robin format, behind George Henry Mackenzie, who scored 14 points. In the Third American Chess Congress, held in Chicago in July 1874, Hosmer again finished second to Mackenzie, this time by only half a point: Mackenzie scored 8.5 of 10 possible points, while Hosmer scored 8 points. In both of the two tournaments, Mackenzie and Hosmer split their games, with each winning one of the two games; they also played a draw, which under the tournament rules did not count in the results, at the first tournament.
Edo Historical Chess Ratings estimates that Hosmer's Elo rating following the Third American Chess Congress would have been 2504. Today FIDE, the World Chess Federation, often awards the Grandmaster title to players with Elo ratings of 2500 and above.

</doc>
<doc id="20751924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751924" title="Burger School for Students with Autism">
Burger School for Students with Autism

The Burger School for Students with Autism was established in 1973 as the Developmental Learning Program. Burger School (pronounced Burjer School) is operated by the Garden City School District for the Wayne County Regional Educational Agency. It accepts students from preschool to high school, from age 3 to 26, from 34 school districts in Wayne County, Michigan.
History.
The Developmental Learning Program is a program within the Garden City Public Schools that began in 1973. In 1980, the Developmental Learning Program moved to one of its two current locations and took its present name. The school now supports two campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="20751958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751958" title="Hurricane Severity Index">
Hurricane Severity Index

The Hurricane Severity Index (or HSI) is a hurricane rating system which defines the strength and destructive capability of a storm. The HSI uses equations which incorporate the intensity of the winds and the size of the area covered by the winds. The HSI attempts to demonstrate that two hurricanes of similar intensity may have different destructive capability due to variances in size, and furthermore that a less intense, but very large hurricane, may in fact be "more" destructive than a smaller, more intense hurricane. HSI was developed by a private company program in competition with the National Weather Service's Accumulated cyclone energy index.
History.
Development of the Hurricane Severity Index began in 2005 after the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season by Chris Hebert and Bob Weinzapfel, two ImpactWeather meteorologists and hurricane experts. ImpactWeather officially announced the HSI in 2006. Their goal was to create a new index that rates the severity of all types of tropical cyclones (not just hurricanes) based on both their intensity and size of wind field.
Components of the Index.
The idea behind the Hurricane Severity Index is that the size of a hurricane is as important as the strength of its winds. Thus, the index uses a 50-point scale, with half of the total based on wind intensity, and half based on the wind fields.
Determining Size Points.
Wind radii data from every named storm since 1988 was studied. From these data, average wind radii ranges of four wind fields (39, 58, 74, and 100 mph) were calculated. Once the typical ranges were established, each wind field range was divided into sections. Since hurricane-force winds are much more damaging than tropical storm-force winds, the size scale is weighted more toward the 74 and 100 mph wind fields. With the HSI, a tropical storm can receive no more than 7 total points for size.
Determining Intensity Points.
Wind force on an object is a quadratic function (twice the wind speed equals four times the wind force), thus, the intensity scale is also quadratic in point value, e.g. 1 point for a 30 kt (35 mph) tropical depression and up to 25 points for a hurricane with winds above 150 kts (175 mph).

</doc>
<doc id="20751964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751964" title="Dale's Right">
Dale's Right

Dale's Right is a historic home located near Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It is one of the few houses which falls under the strict definition of a telescope house, where each section is narrower and shorter than the previous one. Each of the three sections appear to date from the first third of the 19th century, about 1830 to 1840, and they are two, one and a half, and one stories, respectively.
Dale's Right was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20751966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751966" title="Ray Lindwall with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948">
Ray Lindwall with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948

Ray Lindwall was a key member of Donald Bradman's famous Australian cricket team, which toured England in 1948. The Australians went undefeated in their 34 matches; this unprecedented feat by a Test side touring England earned them the sobriquet "The Invincibles".
Lindwall played as a right-arm opening fast bowler and right-handed batsman in the lower middle-order. Along with Keith Miller, Lindwall formed Australia's first-choice pace duo, regarded as one of the best of all time, and Bradman typically used them in short and sharp bursts against the home batsmen with the new ball. The pair were used to target England's leading batsmen, Len Hutton and Denis Compton during the major matches, and subdued Hutton for much of the summer. England had agreed to make a new ball available after every 55 overs, more often than the usual regulations at the time, thereby allowing the pair more frequent use of a shiny ball that swung at high pace. Bradman gave the duo lighter workloads in the tour matches in order to preserve their energy for the new ball battles against England’s key batsmen in the Tests. Lindwall was a capable lower-order batsman who made two Test centuries during his career, and he featured in several rearguard actions that boosted Australia's scores during the tour. 
Lindwall was the equal leading wicket-taker in the Tests (27 along with Bill Johnston) and had the best bowling average (19.62) and strike rate. In the first-class matches, he led the averages although he was second in the wicket-taking list with 86 at 15.68 behind Johnston (102), who was assigned more of the workload in order to keep Miller and Lindwall fresh for the Tests. With the bat, Lindwall scored 191 runs at a batting average of 31.83 in the Tests.
Lindwall's most influential contributions in the Ashes matches were his 5/70 in the first innings of the Second Test at Lord's, a hard-hitting 77 that limited Australia's first innings deficit in the Fourth Test at Headingley, and most notably, his 6/20 on the first day of the Fifth Test at The Oval. The performance was a display of extreme pace and swing that earned high praise from pundits and was largely responsible for England being bowled out for 52. Outside the Tests, Lindwall took 11/59 in a match against Sussex, with eight of his victims being bowled as the ball curved through their defences at high pace. In recognition of his achievements, Lindwall was chosen as one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year. "Wisden" said that "by whatever standard he is judged ...  must be placed permanently in the gallery of great fast bowlers".
Background.
A bowler of express pace, Lindwall was a regular member of the Test team and had opened Australia’s attack since the resumption of cricket following World War II. During the Australian summer of 1946–47, Lindwall played in all five Tests against the touring Indian cricket team. He played a major part in Australia's 4–0 series win as the leading wicket-taker with 18 scalps at an average of 16.88, ahead of Ian Johnson and Bill Johnston who took 16 apiece at averages of 16.31 and 11.37 respectively. As a result, Lindwall was selected as part of Don Bradman's "Invincibles" that toured England without defeat in 1948, with the intention of leading the pace attack. There were two concerns for Lindwall in the lead-up to the tour. Lindwall had been playing with an injured leg tendon and his foot drag during the delivery stride led to discussion in the media and among umpires as to its legality.
Bradman arranged for Lindwall to see his Melbourne masseur Ern Saunders, who restored the paceman’s leg to prime condition in a fortnight. On the public relations front, Bradman stated his firm belief in the fairness of Lindwall's delivery. During the lengthy sea voyage to England, Bradman emphasized the importance of caution with respect to his bowling action. Bradman advised Lindwall to ensure that his dragging rear right foot was further behind the line than usual to avoid being no-balled, and to refrain from bowling at full speed until the umpires were satisfied with his delivery stride. The Australian captain guaranteed Lindwall selection for the Tests and told him that his first priority in the lead-in tour matches was passing the umpires' scrutiny. Bradman recalled how paceman Ernie McCormick had been no-balled 35 times in the traditional tour opener against Worcester during the 1938 campaign, destroying his confidence for the rest of the season.
Early tour.
In the lead-up to the match against Worcestershire, photographers and cameramen constantly followed Lindwall, trying to capture visual evidence of an illegal drag when he was bowling in the practice nets. Bradman tried to stop the journalists from taking photographs of the crease as Lindwall came in to bowl, and deflected media questions about his bowler's drag. The spectators and media were keenly observing the position of his foot in the tour opener, but Lindwall was not no-balled in the first match at Worcester, and complaints about his drag faded away for the rest of the tour. The hosts elected to bat first, and Lindwall took 2/41 in the first innings, bowling and trapping his victims leg before wicket before delivering three wicketless overs for 19 runs in the second innings. Lindwall took a wicket with his second ball in England, trapping Don Kenyon for a duck to leave the hosts at 1/0. He was promoted to No. 4 as Bradman rotated his batting order and he scored a quickfire 32 from 34 balls with six boundaries before Australia completed an innings victory. According to former Australian Test batsman and journalist Jack Fingleton, Lindwall "took things very quietly ... The fast bowler is very wise who builds up his speed match by match". With the media and public attention now focused on actual bowling, Lindwall's classical bowling action evoked almost as much interest as his captain's batting.
Bradman rested Lindwall for the second tour match against Leicestershire, which ended in an innings victory for the Australians. Lindwall returned for the next fixture against Yorkshire at Bradford, but bowled only nine overs for a total of 1/16. He made a duck in the first innings on a damp pitch favourable to slower bowling, as Australia scraped home by four wickets. Lindwall was due in next when Australia collapsed to 6/31 in pursuit of 60 for victory in the second innings. The tourists were effectively seven wickets down with the injured Sam Loxton unable to bat, but Neil Harvey and Don Tallon saw Australia to the target without further loss. It was the closest Australia came to defeat for the whole tour. The Australians travelled to London to play Surrey at The Oval. They batted first and Lindwall managed only four, clean bowled by Alec Bedser, as Australia amassed 632. He then took the first two wickets to reduce Surrey to 2/15 in the first innings. Bradman used Lindwall sparingly, taking a match total of 3/45 from 25 overs as Surrey were defeated by an innings. Fingleton felt that Lindwall was at his fastest for the season during the Surrey match. One of Lindwall's bouncers flew over three feet above the batsman's head.
Lindwall had another light workout in the match against Cambridge University, taking match figures of 1/33 from nine overs. His solitary wicket was that of Doug Insole, and he was not required to bat as Australia completed another innings victory. After the fixture against Cambridge, Lindwall was rested for two consecutive matches. In the first, Australia crushed Essex by an innings and 451 runs, its largest winning margin for the summer. The second match resulted in another innings victory, this time over Oxford University.
Lindwall was brought back for the match against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically a full strength Test team, while Australia selected their first-choice team. It was a chance for the Australian pace attack to gain a psychological advantage ahead of the Tests, with Len Hutton, Denis Compton and Bill Edrich—three of England's first four batsmen—all playing. Australia batted first and Lindwall scored 29, including three sixes from the bowling of England Test off spinner Jim Laker. After Australia amassed 552, Lindwall took combined figures of 2/68, removing Compton and England and MCC captain Norman Yardley as the tourists enforced the follow on by an innings and 158 runs. The MCC fixture was followed by Australia'a first non-victory of the tour against Lancashire. After the first day was washed out, Lindwall made a duck and then took 3/44, removing Test players Ken Cranston and Jack Ikin during the hosts’ only innings. He was not required to bat in the second innings as the match petered into a draw on the final day.
In the next match against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge, Lindwall took 6/14 to gain a psychological blow ahead of the First Test to be held at the same venue. After taking the first four wickets and cutting through the top-order, the paceman returned to finish off the tail and ensure the hosts were dismissed for 179. Lindwall bowled three of his victims with fast and swinging yorkers. He delivered 91 balls, conceding less than a run per over. Only ten of his balls were scored from and not a single run was taken from his last 30 balls. Fingleton said that Lindwall "absolutely paralysed" the batsmen, with some of his bowling "in the real Larwood manner". Harold Larwood was a Nottinghamshire express pace bowler of the 1920s and 1930s who led the controversial Bodyline attack in Australia in 1932–33, and Lindwall modelled his bowling action on Larwood after seeing him in action at the Sydney Cricket Ground during the tour. Lindwall could only manage eight runs with the bat and was unable to repeat his incisive bowling in the second innings, sending down 14 wicketless overs as the match ended in a draw.
Lindwall was rested for Australia’s eight-wicket win over Hampshire, before returning in the following match against Sussex. Bowling with a tailwind, he took two early wickets before returning to remove the last four batsmen to fall. Five of Lindwall's opponents were bowled as he ended with 6/34 from 19.4 overs; the hosts were dismissed for 86. During the tourists' reply, Bradman promoted Lindwall to No. 4 and he came to the wicket at 2/342, scored 57 and put on 93 runs with Neil Harvey, who scored an unbeaten 100 as Australia declared at 5/549. Lindwall then broke through with two early wickets to leave Sussex at 2/2, and went on to finish with 5/25 in 15 overs as the home side were bowled out for 138, handing Bradman’s men a victory by an innings and 325 runs in two days. He ended with match figures of 11/59, with eight of his victims being bowled, five of these by swinging yorkers, unable to counter Lindwall’s swerving deliveries. Fingleton said that "Lindwall bundled the stumps over in all directions" as Sussex "crumpled completely ... in as depressing a batting performance as the tour knew".
First Test.
Lindwall lined up for the First Test at Trent Bridge, a venue where he had taken six wickets in the tour game against Nottinghamshire. Australia bowled first, and Lindwall delivered the first ball of the match at a moderate pace; Hutton pushed it square of the wicket on the off side for a single to start proceedings. Lindwall gradually increased his speed and rhythm, and took the wicket of Cyril Washbrook, caught on the run by Bill Brown on the fine leg boundary after the batsman had attempted a hook shot. However, he was forced to leave the field with a groin strain midway through the first day, ending with figures of 1/30. After England were out for 165, Lindwall came out to bat at 7/365 without a runner on the third day, and appeared to be able to run twos and threes without significant difficulty. He added 107 runs for the eighth wicket with vice-captain Lindsay Hassett. Hassett reached his century and proceeded to 137 in almost six hours of batting before Bedser struck his off stump. Four runs later, Lindwall was caught by wicket-keeper Godfrey Evans down the leg side to leave the total at 6/469, but some free hitting by Australia’s last pair allowed them to advance to 509, giving them a 344-run lead.
Although Lindwall was able to jog between the wickets, he did not take the field in the second innings and the 12th man Neil Harvey replaced him. This gave Australia a marked fielding advantage—Fingleton described Harvey as "by far the most brilliant fieldsman of both sides". Yardley was sceptical as to whether Lindwall was sufficiently injured to be forced from the field, but he did not formally object to Harvey’s presence on the field. Journalist, former Australian Test cricketer and Lindwall mentor Bill O'Reilly, said that as Lindwall demonstrated his mobility during his innings, he was in no way "incapacitated" and that the English captain "must be condemned for carrying his concepts of sportsmanship too far" when no substitute was justified. O'Reilly decried the benefit Australia derived through the substitution, agreeing with Fingleton that Harvey was the tourists' best fielder by far. English commentator John Arlott went further, calling Harvey the best fielder in the world.
However, the gains provided by Harvey were outweighed by Lindwall's absence, which severely hampered Australia's bowling and made their eventual victory much more difficult. England made 441 and Australia reached their target of 98 on the final afternoon to complete an eight-wicket victory. Due to his injury, Lindwall was omitted from the team for the two matches leading up to the Second Test. Australia proceeded to defeat Northamptonshire by an innings before drawing with Yorkshire.
Second Test.
Two weeks after injuring himself at Trent Bridge, Lindwall undertook a thorough fitness examination on the morning of the Second Test at Lord's. Bradman was not convinced of the bowler's fitness, but Lindwall—keen to play at the historic ground known as the "home of cricket"—was able to convince his captain to risk his inclusion. Australia won the toss and elected to bat, allowing Lindwall further time to recover. He came in late on the first afternoon with the score at 7/246 and made three runs before stumps were called at 7/258. The next morning, Lindwall batted confidently from the outset. He hit two cover drives for four from Bedser after the new ball had been taken, prompting O'Reilly to say that Lindwall was playing in the same manner as when he made his maiden Test century in the last Ashes series in 1946–47. However, he then played around a straight ball from Bedser, and was bowled for 15 to leave the score at 275/8. Australia were out for 350 shortly before lunch on the second morning. In the hosts' reply, Lindwall took the new ball and felt pain in his groin after delivering the first ball of the innings to Len Hutton. Despite this, the paceman persevered through the pain.
In his fourth over, Lindwall had Washbrook caught behind for eight after needlessly playing at a ball wide outside off stump. Before lunch, Lindwall bowled six overs and took 1/7, while Bill Johnston accompanied him from the other end because Keith Miller had a back injury and was only able to bat. Neither Hutton nor Washbrook appeared comfortable against the bowling, and the new batsman Bill Edrich tried to hit Lindwall through the off side, leading to a loud appeal for caught behind, which was turned down. After the lunch break, Hutton fell, and Compton came in, having been dismissed hit wicket after falling over in the First Test while trying to avoid a bouncer. Lindwall delivered a few short balls straight away, but the new batsman was not caught off-guard. Lindwall then clean bowled Bill Edrich—who was playing across the line of the ball—for five. Tom Dollery was the new batsman and stopped the first ball with his pads before Lindwall’s next delivery broke through his defences and hit the stumps to send him back to the pavilion for a duck. Dollery's bat was about to start its downward swing by the time Lindwall's outswinger had passed him and hit the stumps. O'Reilly said that Dollery's inability to deal with Lindwall was typical of English cricket's lack of answers to express pace bowling. This was part of a six-over post-lunch spell of 2/11 by Lindwall; the batsmen appeared unable to deal with his swing and extreme pace. England were 4/46 and Australia firmly in control, but the home side were given some respite when both Lindwall and Johnston were taken out of the attack. Australia had the option of taking the new ball just before the tea break, but Bradman decided to wait so his two pacemen could have an extra 20 minutes to replenish their energy levels.
Once the second new ball was taken after tea, Lindwall returned but appeared to be tired and lacking in spirit in his first over. Johnston removed Compton, and one run later, Lindwall clipped Yardley's off stump with the first ball of the next over to leave England at 134/6; the home skipper had made 44 before an outswinger had evaded his bat as he attempted to play a back foot defensive shot. At the start of the third morning, he bowled Alec Bedser off an inside edge from a bouncer to finish with 5/70 as Australia took a 135-run first innings lead on the third morning. O'Reilly said Lindwall "bowled as well as any fast bowler can bowl. He always seemed to have the situation sized up correctly and he knew just when to put his all into the task ... and enjoyed a triumph which seldom comes to any bowler." Arlott praised Lindwall for his subtle variations in pace, line and length, and how he kept the batsman guessing as to what was coming to them.
Bradman’s batsmen set about building on their lead and Lindwall was initially not expected to bat; the Australian captain was expected to declare just before lunch on the fourth day so he could attack the English openers for a short period before the adjournment, but a shower deterred him from doing so, as his bowlers would have struggled to grip the ball. Lindwall had also been injured on a slippery surface in earlier times. Lindwall came to the crease to join Miller with Australia at 5/416 on the fourth afternoon. They attacked at every opportunity before the declaration. Miller fell and Lindwall ran out of his crease in attempt to hit Laker across the line to the boundary. He missed and was stumped for 25. This prompted Bradman to declare at 7/460 immediately upon his dismissal, leaving England to chase a world record 596 for victory.
Further showers breathed extra life into the pitch at the start of the run chase, and Lindwall and Johnston extracted steep bounce with the new ball, troubling the English batsmen. Lindwall dropped Hutton from Johnston's bowling before he had scored and the English batsmen played and missed multiple times. Hutton had trouble seeing and playing Lindwall’s deliveries in the deteriorating light with no sightscreen available, and Fingleton described it as "probably Hutton's worst effort in a Test". O'Reilly said Hutton "seemed to have lost all power of concentration and looked like a man being led to the gallows", calling him "little more than a masquerader compared to the Hutton 1938". Hutton took 32 minutes of batting to score his first run of the innings.
Hutton and Washbrook took the score to 42—England's highest opening partnership of the series thus far—before the latter edged Lindwall to Johnson in the slips and was out for 13. Edrich and Washbrook were then subjected to repeated short balls, and the latter was hit several times on the fingers while fending down Lindwall's bouncers, having decided to avoid the hook shot. However, they survived Lindwall's spell of bowling. Late in the day, Lindwall was brought back to put pressure on Dollery, having bowled him for a duck in the first innings, but the batsman had already been in the middle for a short period, and played the pace bowling with more assurance.
Lindwall returned on the final morning with the score at 6/141. Dollery, who had been batting with assurance, shaped to duck under a Lindwall bouncer, but it skidded through low and bowled him. Later in the same over, Lindwall bowled Laker for a duck to leave England at 8/141. The match ended when Doug Wright hit Ernie Toshack to Lindwall and was caught for four. Lindwall ended with 3/61 as Australia took a 409-run victory. Arlott said that while Toshack (5/40) had the best figures, Lindwall was the pivotal figure. He said that when Lindwall "so patently disturbed Hutton he struck a blow at the morale of the English batting that was never overcome." In later years, Bradman told Lindwall he pretended not to notice the bowler's pain. Lindwall was worried Bradman had noticed his injury and would be disappointed, but the Australian captain later claimed to have feigned ignorance to allow Lindwall to relax and focus on his bowling.
After carrying an injury into the Second Test, Bradman rested Lindwall for the match against Surrey, which started the day after the proceedings at Lord’s ended; Australia took a ten-wicket victory. Lindwall returned for the match against Gloucestershire. Australia batted first and made 7/774, its highest score of the tour and the second highest by any Australian team in England. Lindwall was not able to partake in the prolific run-getting, as the tourists declared before he had scored. He bowled a total of 21 overs, taking 0/41 as Australia enforced the follow on and won by an innings and 363 runs.
Third Test.
When the teams reconvened at Old Trafford for the Third Test, Hutton had been dropped, sparking much acrimony and controversy in the English cricket community. The reason was said to be Hutton's difficulties against Lindwall's short-pitched bowling. Observers noticed Hutton backing away, and the English selectors believed such a sight would have a negative effect on the rest of the side as it was a poor example from a key player. The Australians were pleased and believed the England selectors had erred, because they regarded Hutton as the hosts' best batsman. England batted first and Lindwall removed Hutton’s replacement as opener, George Emmett, who fended a short ball to Sid Barnes at short leg to leave England at 2/28. Emmett had been surprised by Lindwall's bouncer and took his eyes from the ball, fending with one hand on the bat, while ducking his head below his arms. The ball bounced slowly off the pitch and after hitting Emmett’s bat, rebounded gently up in the air for Barnes to collect. In Australia’s match against Gloucestershire immediately preceding the Test, Lindwall bowled a bouncer to Emmett, who hesitantly parried it away for a single. Lindwall did not bounce Emmett again during the match, and O’Reilly surmised that the paceman was quietly waiting until the Tests to expose his opponent’s weakness against the short ball. O’Reilly concluded that Lindwall and Johnston "had again disposed of the English opening batsmen with the minimum amount of effort".
Lindwall then struck Edrich on the hand with a short ball, provoking angry heckling from spectators who compared him to Larwood. During this period, both Edrich and Compton found it difficult to position themselves quickly enough to play Lindwall. The Australian paceman then hit Compton on the arm, and soon after, felled him with a bouncer that the batsman top-edged into his face. This forced Compton to leave the field with a bloodied eyebrow with the score at 2/33. Upon hearing the umpire’s call of no ball while the ball was travelling towards him, and knowing he was immune from dismissal, Compton decided to change his stroke. Having initially positioned himself to deflect the ball into the leg side, he then attempted to hook the ball, but could not readjust quickly enough. The velocity of the ball was such that after rebounding from his head, it flew more than half-way to the boundary before landing. This was followed by a period of slow play as England tried to regroup.
Lindwall returned to take the second new ball and trapped Jack Crapp, who did not offer a shot, for 37 to leave the score at 3/87. The batsman misjudged the line of a straight ball and thought it had pitched and struck his leg outside off stump. Lindwall later had Edrich gloving a rearing ball to the wicket-keeper to leave England at 5/119. Compton returned upon the fall of the fifth wicket to revive the innings and Lindwall ended with 4/99 after having Godfrey Evans caught behind from an expansive cut shot. England ended on 363 all out on the second day; Compton made an unbeaten 145. Lindwall had beaten Compton in each of his last three overs before lunch on the second day, but the Englishman survived to add more than 20 further runs. On the third day, Lindwall came to the crease at 6/172 after Barnes—who had collapsed due to the aftereffects of being hit in the ribs from point blank range when fielding—had been forced to retire hurt. Australia faced the prospect of being forced to follow on, and Lindwall received five consecutive bouncers from Edrich, one of which hit him in the hand, evoking cheers from the home crowd. Lindwall made 23 as Australia struggled to 221 and avoided the follow on by eight runs; he was the last man to be dismissed.
At the start of England's second innings, Washbrook took a single from Lindwall, who promptly removed Emmett for a duck. Lindwall pitched an outswinger on the line of off stump and Emmett edged it to wicket-keeper Tallon, who dived and took it in his right hand. This brought Lindwall’s tormentor Edrich to the crease. Bradman advised Lindwall not to bounce Edrich, fearing this would be interpreted as retaliation and generate negative media attention. However, Miller retaliated with four consecutive bouncers, angering the crowd. He struck Edrich on the body before Bradman and ordered him to stop; the Australian captain apologised to Edrich for the hostile bowling. Lindwall bounced Washbrook and was no balled by umpire Dai Davies for dragging his foot beyond the line. After a disagreement, Davies threw Lindwall his jumper, but the tension faded away and the paceman was not no balled again after discussing the matter with Bradman. Lindwall bounced Washbrook again and this time the England opener went for the hook shot. The ball flew off the top edge in the air, straight towards Hassett at fine leg, who dropped the catch after juggling three times. Having received a reprieve on 21, Washbrook settled down and reached 50 in only 70 minutes with England at 1/80.
Lindwall returned for a new spell late on the third day and almost hit Washbrook in the head. Hassett again dropped Washbrook, who was on 78 when he again hooked Lindwall to long leg. The Australian vice-captain responded by borrowing a helmet from a nearby policeman to signify his need for protection from the ball, much to the amusement of the crowd. Lindwall ended with 1/37 as England declared at their stumps score of 3/174 after the entire fourth day and the final morning was washed out. The match petered into a draw with Lindwall not required as Australia safely batted out the final day. Lindwall played in Australia's only match—against Middlesex—before the Fourth Test, but was not at his best. He and Miller had been partying heavily in the days before the match, and were out and binge drinking on the night before the match; they did not return until after dawn, when they were caught severely inebriated by Bradman at breakfast time. Miller was rested for the match, but Lindwall was selected for the match. The home team won the toss and elected to bat, so Lindwall could not rest and sober up in the dressing room while the specialist batsmen were at work. He was asked to bowl a lengthy spell in warm and sunny conditions on the opening morning, and was at times lying on the ground in an attempt to recover during stoppages. Nevertheless, he ended with 1/28 from 16 overs, the opposition still unable to score heavily despite his obvious lethargy. He took a total of 3/59 from 25 overs and scored one as the tourists won by an innings, removing the home team's captain George Mann twice and Edrich once. In the second innings, Lindwall took 2/31, but effectively had a third wicket. He bowled a bouncer at opener Jack Robertson, who tried to hook, but missed, suffered a fractured jaw and was forced to retire hurt, prompting angry shouting and booing from sections of the crowd. Robertson defended Lindwall, contending that the delivery was fair and that he had executed his shot incorrectly.
Fourth Test.
Hutton returned for the Fourth Test at Headingley and played effectively. At one stage he and Washbrook took five boundaries from six Lindwall overs. An opening partnership of 168 resulted until Lindwall bowled him for 81. The English opener went onto the front foot and was clean bowled, much to the dismay of the home crowd. The stand came after Washbrook had decided to refrain from hooking Lindwall's bouncers, which had caused him problems in the earlier Tests. England did not lose their second wicket until the last over of the day, when Washbrook hit Johnston into Lindwall’s hands for 143, leaving the total at 2/268. Both Fingleton and O'Reilly criticised the bowling group as a whole for what they deemed a very lethargic display; the former deemed it the worst day's performance since World War II and the latter accused all the Australian bowlers of operating "without object".
During the innings, Lindwall appealed for lbw four times while wicket-keeper Ron Saggers—standing in for the injured Tallon—remained silent, not supporting the appeal. England ran up a large score of 496 but squandered a very strong position after losing their last 8 wickets for 73 runs; Lindwall had Compton caught down the leg side to give Saggers his first Test catch, leaving England at 6/473. Lindwall ended with 2/79 from 38 overs. Fingleton said "this grand fast bowler held the side together splendidly and answered every call". O’Reilly said that until England collapsed—mostly due to unforced errors despite favourable conditions—only Lindwall appeared capable of threatening the batsmen. He said the paceman "kept slogging away, tirelessly retaining his pace and enthusiasm long after the other members of the attack had lost all signs of hostility ... Bradman could not afford to spare him from doing much more than his share of the galley-slave work." O’Reilly decried Lindwall’s workload as excessive and potentially harmful to his longevity.
In reply, Australia was still some way behind when Lindwall came in at 6/329 on the third afternoon. With the fall of Sam Loxton and Saggers in quick succession, Bradman’s men were at 8/355 with only Johnston and Toshack remaining. Lindwall hit out, scoring 77 in an innings marked by powerful driving and pulling; he dominated in stands of 48 and 55 with Johnston and Toshack respectively. He particularly liked to use his feet to get to the ball on the half-volley to hit lofted drives. Of the 103 runs added for the last two wickets, the two tail-enders managed only 25 between them. Johnston accompanied Lindwall for 80 minutes, before the injured Toshack survived the last 50 minutes until stumps with Johnston running for him. Australia were 9/457 at stumps, with Lindwall on 76 and Toshack on 12. During Lindwall’s partnership with Johnston, Yardley bowled himself for over an hour, failing to bring on a frontline bowler in his stead despite being unable to dislodge the batsmen. Lindwall farmed the strike by trying to hit boundaries and twos during the over, but Yardley did not resort to the tactic of setting a deep field to yield a single to Lindwall to get the tailenders on strike. Despite Toshack and Johnston’s lack of familiarity with having and acting as a runner respectively, and the resulting disorders in running between the wickets, Lindwall was able to manipulate the strike and face most of the balls. O’Reilly speculated that Yardley may have bowled himself in an attempt to contain the Australians rather than dismiss them before the close of play, so his openers would not have to bat for a short period before stumps when the visitors' attack could have made inroads. However, Yardley was neither able to contain Lindwall nor dismiss the Australians. Sunday was a rest day, and on Monday, the fourth morning, Lindwall was the last man out in the third over of the day, leaving Australia on 458, 38 runs in arrears on the first innings. Lindwall edged Bedser into the slips cordon and Crapp took the catch low down in his left hand.
England made a strong start in their second innings—the openers registered their second century stand for the match. When Australia took the second new ball, Lindwall—worried by the substantial and hazardous craters in the pitch he and the other bowlers had created while following through on the left-hand side of the crease—changed to bowling from around the wicket and was warned for running on the pitch. He reverted to bowling from over the wicket, although he delivered from the edge of the crease to avoid the holes. O’Reilly said the warning to Lindwall played into Australia’s hands as the bowler’s follow through from around the wicket was accentuating a rough patch outside the right-hander’s off stump that the English bowlers target when Bradman’s men had to chase the target. England reached 2/232 before Lindwall trapped Edrich to end a 103-run partnership. The paceman followed this by bowling Jack Crapp, who inside edged an attempted forcing stroke through the off side from the back foot onto his own stumps. This triggered a collapse of 4/33 from 3/260 to 7/293. Lindwall took 2/84 as the hosts declared on the final day at 8/365, leaving Australia to chase a world Test record of 404 for victory, with only 345 minutes available. Centuries to Bradman and Morris in a 301-run stand saw Australia seal the series 3–0 with a record-breaking seven-wicket win with 15 minutes in hand.
The paceman was rested for the match against Derbyshire immediately after the Headingley Test, which Australia won by an innings. Lindwall returned for the match against Glamorgan and took 2/36 in a rain-affected draw that did not reach the second innings. In the next match against Warwickshire, he claimed 3/27 in the first innings, taking three consecutive middle-order wickets—including Test batsmen Tom Dollery and Abdul Hafeez Kardar—in the space of 12 balls as the hosts fell for 138. In reply, Australia stumbled to 6/161 when Lindwall joined Hassett. The pair put on 70 for the seventh wicket, the largest partnership in a low-scoring match. Lindwall ended with 45, the second highest score for the entire match, as Australia took a 116-run lead. He took the first wicket and ended with 1/32 as Bradman’s men won by nine wickets. Australia proceeded to face Lancashire at Old Trafford for the second time during the season in a match that doubled as Washbrook's benefit. Lindwall made 17 in the tourists’ first innings of 321 and then dismissed the home side's first three batsmen, taking 3/32 as Lancashire fell for 130. Washbrook top-scored with 38 before Lindwall had him caught in the slips by Miller. He also collected several painful bruises from Lindwall on his right hand and thumb. Bradman described his leading paceman as being in "stupendous form ... I have not seen before or since such sustained brilliance from a pace bowler". Australia made 3/265 declared in their second innings, leaving the hosts with a target of 457 in less than a day, with Washbrook unable to bat due to Lindwall's bruising bowling. Lindwall bowled both openers with the new ball, but Lancashire appeared to be safely batting out a draw at 5/191 with only eight minutes remaining. Lindwall returned after Bradman took the new ball, and told the slip cordon to move halfway back to the boundary. Bowling with a tailwind, Lindwall was at full pace, in one of the fastest displays Bradman had seen in his long career. He bowled Jack Ikin for 99 and Dick Pollard—who later claimed to have not seen the ball—for a golden duck. The hosts were in danger of suffering a late collapse and defeat, but William Roberts successfully defended the hat-trick ball; Lancashire lost no further wickets and were 7/191 when stumps were drawn; Lindwall ended with 4/27. He also caused Washbrook to miss the final Test with a thumb injury. The paceman was rested from the non-first-class match against Durham, which was a rain-affected draw.
Fifth Test.
According to Bradman, Fingleton and O'Reilly, Lindwall's performance in the final Test at The Oval was one of the best they had ever seen from any player. English skipper Yardley won the toss and elected to bat on a rain-affected pitch, surprising most observers. The damp conditions necessitated the addition of large amounts of sawdust to allow the players to keep their grip. Along with the rain, humidity assisted the bowlers, particularly Lindwall, who managed to make the ball bounce at variable heights.
After Miller had taken an early wicket, Lindwall bounced Compton, resulting in an edge towards the slips cordon. However, the ball continued to rise and cleared the ring of Australian fielders. Hutton called Compton through for a run, but his surprised partner was watching the ball and dropped his bat in panic. Luckily for Compton, the ball went to Hassett at third man, who stopped the ball and waited for the batsman to regather his bat and his composure before returning the ball, thereby forfeiting the opportunity to effect a run out. However, this gesture of sportsmanship cost Australia little, because when Compton was on three, Lindwall bowled another bouncer. Compton attempted a hook shot and Arthur Morris ran from his position at short square leg to take a difficult catch, leaving the hosts at 3/17. Fingleton described Morris's feat as "one of the catches of the season".
After the lunch break, England struggled to 4/35, before Lindwall bowled Yardley with a swinging yorker. The debutant Allan Watkins then batted for 16 balls in an attempt to get off the mark with a series of failed hook shots. He missed an attempted hook shot and was hit in the shoulder by another Lindwall bouncer. Soon after, Watkins was dismissed without scoring after playing across the line and being trapped lbw by Johnston, leaving England at 6/42. Watkins also collected a bruise on his right shoulder for his troubles with Lindwall; this inhibited his bowling later in the match. Following the departure of Watkins, Lindwall removed Godfrey Evans, Alec Bedser and Young, all yorked in the space of two runs. England fell from 6/45 to 9/47, bringing Hollies in at No. 11 to accompany Hutton, who had batted through the innings. Hutton then hit the only boundary of the innings, lofting a straight drive back over Lindwall's head. The ball almost went for six, landing just short of the fence. The home team’s innings ended on 52 when Hutton—who never appeared to be troubled by the bowling—leg glanced Lindwall and was caught by wicket-keeper Don Tallon one-handed, at full stretch to his left. Lindwall described the catch as one of the best he had ever seen. In his post-lunch spell, Lindwall bowled a spell of 8.1 overs during which he took 5/8; he totalled 6/20 in 16.1 overs. Bradman described the spell as "the most devastating and one of the fastest I ever saw in Test cricket". Fingleton, who played against the "Bodyline" attack in 1932–33, said "I was watching a man almost the equal of Larwood "Bodyline" spearhead in pace ... Truly a great bowler". O'Reilly said that Lindwall's "magnificent performance must go down as one of the greatest bowling efforts in Anglo-Australian Tests. He had two gruelingly long sessions in the innings and overcame each so well that he set the seal on his well-earned reputation as one of the best bowlers ever."
In Australia's reply, Lindwall came in at 6/304 and attacked immediately, scoring two fours before falling for nine. He played a cover drive from the bowling of Young, but hit the ball too early and thus launched it into the air, and it was caught by Edrich at cover point to leave the score at 7/332. The visitors ended on 389 and England started their second innings late on the second day. Debutant John Dewes took strike and got off the mark when he aimed a hook shot and was credited with a boundary when the ball came off his shoulder. Lindwall’s steepling bouncer had risen over his bat and narrowly missed his head. Lindwall made the early breakthrough soon after, bowling Dewes—who offered no shot—for 10 to leave England at 1/20. Dewes often committed to playing the ball from the front foot before the bowler delivered the ball, thereby putting himself into difficulty.
Early on the third day, Lindwall bowled Edrich—who was playing across the line—for 28, hitting the off stump with a ball that cut inwards to leave England’s score at 64, before Compton and Hutton consolidated the innings and took the total to 2/121 at lunch. Soon after, with his score on 39, Compton aimed a hard cut shot that flew into Lindwall's left hand at second slip for a "freak slip catch" from Johnston's bowling; leaving England at 3/125. Lindwall returned for another spell after lunch and bowled Evans for eight. Evans appeared to not detect Lindwall's yorker in the fading light, and the umpires called off play due to poor visibility after an appeal by Yardley. The next morning, England were bowled out for 188, giving Australia an innings victory and the series 4–0. Lindwall took 3/50 to total 9/70 for the match. He ended the Tests as the leading wicket-taker with 27 wickets at 19.62, and scored 191 runs at 31.83.
Later tour matches.
Seven matches remained on Bradman's quest to go through a tour of England without defeat. Australia batted first against Kent and Lindwall made only one in a total of 361. The paceman took two wickets with the new ball to help reduce the hosts to 5/16, before they were all out for 51; Lindwall ended with 2/16. Forced to follow on, Kent were reduced to 4/37 by three early Lindwall wickets; the victims included Tony Pawson and former Test wicket-keeper Les Ames. The hosts were further hampered by the absence of opener Leslie Todd, who had been hit on the foot by a Lindwall swinging yorker in the first innings. The blow caused so much bruising that Todd's foot could not fit inside his cricket boots. Lindwall ended with 4/25 as Kent fell for 124 to lose by an innings. In his match total of 6/41 from 15 overs, Lindwall bowled four of his victims. The Kent fixture was followed by a match against the Gentlemen of England. Lindwall was not required to bat, and after taking 1/39 in the first innings, Bradman allowed him to rest as Australia enforced the follow on and completed an innings victory. Bradman rested Lindwall for the match against Somerset, which resulted in another innings victory for the tourists. The paceman returned against the South of England—a representative team—scoring an unbeaten 17 in an unbroken 61-run stand with Sam Loxton before Australia declared at 7/522. He then took 1/45 as rain ended the match at the conclusion of the hosts’ second innings.
Australia's biggest challenge in the post-Test tour matches was against the Leveson Gower's XI. During the last Australian tour in 1938, this team was effectively a full-strength England outfit, but this time Bradman insisted that only six current Test players be allowed to represent the hosts. After the hosts had complied, the Australian skipper fielded a full-strength team. In a rain-interrupted match, Lindwall bowled Hutton for a duck with the new ball. He returned and took five of the last six wickets to fall as the hosts lost their last six wickets for 57 runs. His last five victims were former England captain Walter Robins and Test players Freddie Brown, Evans, Bedser and Laker. Lindwall ended with 6/59; four of his wickets were bowled, while the other two were caught by Ian Johnson in the slips. He made five as Australia with 8/489 declared; time ran out in the rain-affected match with Leveson-Gower's XI at 0/75.
The tour ended with two non-first-class matches against Scotland. Lindwall was rested from the first, which Australia won by an innings. In the second fixture, Lindwall signed off in a low key manner, scoring 15 and taking a total of 0/28 from 14 overs as Australia ended their campaign with another innings triumph.
Role.
When fit, Lindwall opened the bowling with Miller in the Tests, and the pair operated in short and fiery bursts with the new ball. English cricket administrators had agreed to make a new ball available every 55 overs in the Tests; at the time, the norm was to allow a new ball for every 200 runs scored, something which usually took longer than 55 overs. The new regulation played directly into the hands of the Australians, as a new ball is ideal for fast bowling and the tourists had a vastly superior pace attack. Bradman thus wanted to preserve his two first-choice pacemen for a vigorous attack on the English batsmen every 55 overs. As a result, Lindwall bowled 224 overs, while Australia's third fast bowler Bill Johnston bowled 306. Lindwall led the Test bowling averages, with 27 wickets at 19.62, making him the equal leading wicket-taker along with Johnston, who averaged 23.33. The duo’s haul of 27 Test wickets equalled the record for an Australian fast bowler during a tour of England. The Australian pair were substantially ahead the next most successful bowler, England's Alec Bedser, who took 18 wickets at 38.22. Lindwall's role as the leading strike bowler is borne out in his economy and strike rate in both the Tests and all first-class matches. He was the least economical of the three pacemen, but took his wickets more frequently than any other frontline bowler.
In all first-class matches, he took 86 wickets at 15.68 and held onto 14 catches, fielding in the slips. There were many consecutive matches during the tour with no rest day in between, so Bradman ensured Miller and Lindwall remained fresh for the new ball bursts in the Tests by giving them a lighter workload during the tour matches. During all first-class matches, Johnston bowled 851.1 overs, Johnson 668, Lindwall 573.4, Toshack 502, while Miller bowled only 429.4 overs. Outside the Tests, Lindwall bowled 349.3 overs, only the fifth heaviest workload among the Australians in those matches.
The local batsmen were unable to cope with Lindwalls high pace and swing; 43 of his wickets came after his opponent had missed the ball and been bowled. Lindwall scored 411 runs at 24.17 with two fifties in the first-class matches, including 191 at 31.83 in the Tests. Lindwall had limited batting opportunities, usually playing from No. 7 to No. 9. It was hard for Lindwall to get any higher up the order as Australia's other frontline bowlers, such as Colin McCool, Ian Johnson and Doug Ring, all scored centuries and more than 20 fifties each during their first-class career, and were of similar batting ability. As Australia often won by an innings, and declared in the first innings on many occasions due to their batting strength, Lindwall only had 20 innings in his 22 matches, and usually batted at Nos. 7, 8 and 9.N- However, he was often effective when he did get an opportunity.
"Wisden" recognised Lindwall by naming him as one of its five Cricketers of the Year in 1949. The publication cited the paceman’s ability to seize the initiative for Australia in all but one of the Tests by taking early wickets. The fast bowler’s success was attributed to a "superb control of length and direction, his change of pace and general skill, the like of which in a slower bowler could be classed as cunning". The ferocity of Lindwall's bouncer often prompted opponents to retreat onto the back foot before he had even released the ball. "Wisden" said that "by whatever standard he is judged ...  must be placed permanently in the gallery of great fast bowlers".
Notes.
Statistical note.
n-
This statement can be verified by consulting all of the scorecards for the matches, as listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20751975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751975" title="Kevin Mills">
Kevin Mills

Mr. Kevin J. Mills (born 1960, Dublin, Ireland) was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of "Socket Mobile" in March, 2000 - having served previously as Vice President of Operations, Vice President of Engineering and Chief Operating Officer. Before joining Socket, Mr. Mills spent six years at Logitech, Inc., a computer peripherals company, working most recently as Director of Operations. Mr. Mills began his career as Quality Assurance Manager for NorthStar Computers Ireland. He holds a B.E. degree in Electronic Engineering from the University of Limerick, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20751978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20751978" title="Morrissey personnel">
Morrissey personnel

Since the break-up of The Smiths, Morrissey has worked with several different musicians throughout his career as a solo artist. The following is a list of musicians and personnel for each of his solo albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20752012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752012" title="Copurification">
Copurification

Copurification in a chemical or biochemical context is the physical separation by chromatography or other purification technique of two or more substances of interest from other contaminating substances. For substances to co-purify usually implies that these substances attract each other to form a non-covalent complex such as in a protein complex.
However when fractionating mixtures, especially mixtures containing large numbers of components (for example a cell lysate), it is possible by chance that some components may copurify even though they don't form complexes. In this context the term copurification is sometimes used to denote when two biochemical activities or some other property are isolated together after purification but it is not certain if the sample has been purified to homogeneity (i.e., contains only one molecular species or one molecular complex). Hence these activities or properties are likely but not guaranteed to reside on the same molecule or in the same molecular complex.
Applications.
Copurification procedures, such as co-immunoprecipitation, are commonly used to analyze interactions between proteins. Copurification is one method used to map the interactome of living organisms.

</doc>
<doc id="20752032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752032" title="Friendship Hall">
Friendship Hall

Friendship Hall is a historic home located at East New Market, Dorchester County, Maryland. It is a Georgian-style brick dwelling. It consists of a large five-bay, two-story main block built about 1790; a two-bay one-story passage; and a -story kitchen wing. Also on the property is a tall frame smokehouse with board-and-batten siding and a steep gable roof. It is associated with the locally prominent Sulivane family, who first came to Maryland in 1695.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20752050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752050" title="101st Battalion">
101st Battalion

101st Battalion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20752053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752053" title="Oleg Bogayev">
Oleg Bogayev

Oleg Anatolyevich Bogayev (; also transliterated as Bogaev or Bogaiev), born 1970, is a Russian playwright based in Yekaterinburg. He has been described by "Moscow Times" theatre critic John Freedman as "one of the first and best-known students to graduate from Kolyada’s playwriting course at the Yekaterinburg State Theatre Institute." He is now on the faculty at the same school. Bogaev is also the editor of the "Ural" ("") literary magazine, a post he took over from his mentor Nikolai Kolyada in August 2010.
Biography.
Oleg Bogayev was born in 1970 in the city of Sverdlovsk (now called Yekaterinburg) in Russia. He writes of growing up as the Cold War gave way to the emergence of Perestroika, a "change from the decay of the empire to the birth of a new society." He cites the social turmoil of recent decades as useful for artistic product: " I know is that Russia is just the right place for a playwright - with shattering of fates, conflicts, crumbling of hopes, clashes of ideas - all that I've seen and experienced."
Bogayev became interested in writing as a teenager, spurred by what he describes as "two tragedies": first love and the death of his father. He began writing poems and short stories. He worked in theatre as a set and lighting designer; he became interested in writing plays after being exposed to the work of Harold Pinter. 
In 1997, Bogayev won the Anti-Booker Prize for "Русская народная почта" ("The Russian National Postal Service") and the award for Best Play at Russia's Golden Mask Festival for that same play.
Plays.
The author of over 30 plays, he is best known for his play "Русская народная почта" ("Russkaya Narodnaya Pochta", variously translated as "The Russian National Postal Service", "The Russian People's Post", etc.), for which he has won the 1997 Anti-Booker Prize for a stage play and the award for Best Play at Russia's Golden Mask Festival. The play first came to public attention at a dramatic reading during the 1997 Lyubimovka Festival of Young Playwrights; it was later produced in a revised form as "Room of Laughter", directed by Kama Ginkas and starring Oleg Tabakov in 1998. It has subsequently been performed translated into English and French and has been produced in London, Montreal, and Washington, D.C. as well as around the Slavic world.
"The Russian National Postal Service" follows impoverished Russian pensioner Ivan Zhukov on his descent into madness. He engages in fanciful correspondence, writing letters to important world figures (living, dead, and fictional) and then writes replies to himself on their behalf. Prominent among his imagined correspondents are Elizabeth II and Soviet Russia's Vladimir Lenin, as well as cosmonauts, Russian officials, and Robinson Crusoe. The play has often been compared to the works of Nikolai Gogol for its absurdism and treatment of alienation.
Few of Bogayev's works other than "The Russian National Postal Service" have been produced in the English-speaking world. His play "Maria's Field" ("Марьино поле") received its United States premiere in 2009 by the TUTA Theatre of Chicago. The play explores the fate of three 100-year-old women on a journey through a Russian forest, encountering figures from their own past and from 20th century Russian history. Bogaev relates that the story was inspired by his grandmother, Anafisa, and others like her whose husbands were declared "missing" during war and who still hoped for their return. He writes "The fate of men was easier than the fate of women. It is harder to wait than to die." Despite the tragic theme of the play, it is leavened by a "whimsical and wistful" tone and a "comical cow" accompanying the women on their journey.

</doc>
<doc id="20752078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752078" title="Glasgow (Cambridge, Maryland)">
Glasgow (Cambridge, Maryland)

Glasgow is a historic home located at Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland. It is a Federal style, gable-front, -story brick house built about 1792. Attached is a -story frame wing dating from the early 20th century. It was the birthplace of William Vans Murray.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20752086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752086" title="Ruth Madoff">
Ruth Madoff

Ruth Madoff (née Alpern; born May 18, 1941) is the wife of Bernard Madoff, the convicted American financial fraudster.
Early life.
Madoff was born in Queens, New York City, New York. She has a sister, Joan. Madoff graduated from Far Rockaway High School in 1958. Following her graduation from Queens College, she worked in the stock market.
Personal life.
On November 28, 1959, she married Bernard Madoff, whom she had met while attending Far Rockaway High School. She worked for some time as her husband's bookkeeper.
Bernard and Ruth Madoff had two sons: Mark (March 11, 1964 - December 11, 2010), a 1986 graduate of the University of Michigan, and Andrew (born April 8, 1966), a 1988 graduate of University of Pennsylvania's Wharton Business School. On the morning of December 11, 2010—exactly two years after Bernard's arrest—Mark was found dead in his New York City apartment. The city medical examiner ruled the cause of death as suicide by hanging.
According to a March 13, 2009, filing by Madoff, he and his wife were worth up to $126 million, plus an estimated $700 million for the value of his business interest in Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC. Other major assets included securities ($45 million), cash ($17 million), half-interest in BLM Air Charter ($12 million), a 2006 Leopard yacht ($7 million), jewelry ($2.6 million), Manhattan apartment ($7 million), Montauk home ($3 million), Palm Beach home ($11 million), Cap d' Antibes, France property ($1 million), and furniture, household goods, and art ($9.9 million).
A "Vanity Fair" article in 2009 stated that during the time when she was a bookkeeper, Ruth made an undisclosed US$2.5 million deal and that employees in the London office stated that "Ruthie runs the all books".
During a 2011 interview on CBS, Ruth stated that she and her husband had attempted suicide after his fraud was exposed, both taking "a bunch of pills" in a suicide pact on Christmas Eve 2008.
Since her husband’s incarceration, most of the Madoff assets have been seized by the government, including the couple’s Upper East Side penthouse in New York. She has since moved to one of her son Andrew's houses in Connecticut after spending around two years living in Boca Raton in Florida with her sister, Joan Roman.

</doc>
<doc id="20752092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752092" title="Union Army of Kentucky">
Union Army of Kentucky

The Army of Kentucky was the name of two Union army formations. Both were small and short-lived, serving in Kentucky in 1862 and 1863.
Army of August 1862.
On August 25, 1862 Major General William "Bull" Nelson assumed command of the forces stationed around Richmond, Kentucky. Although the whole force was no more than two brigades, Nelson dubbed the force "Army of Kentucky". The two brigades were commanded by brigadier generals Mahlon D. Manson and Charles Cruft respectively. Merely five days after its creation, the army of mostly green soldiers went into action at the Battle of Richmond and was soundly defeated. The army lost over 800 killed and 4,000 prisoners. Because of the large number of prisoners (including General Manson) and the wounding of General Nelson, the Army of Kentucky virtually ceased to exist. General Cruft officially remained in command of the 2nd Brigade until September but the majority of his brigade had been captured while the rest simply marched back to New Albany, IN. Captain Charles C. Gilbert was appointed acting major general and placed in command of the remnants of the Army. In September 1862 General Don Carlos Buell absorbed the remnants into the III Corps of the Army of the Ohio.
Army of October 1862.
On October 7, 1862 Major General Gordon Granger revived the name "Army of Kentucky". It was originally composed of three divisions commanded respectively by generals Andrew J. Smith, Quincy A. Gilmore, and Absalom Baird.
This form of the army was unusual in the fact that on January 20, it was attached to the larger Army of the Cumberland. Baird's division fought at the Battle of Thompson's Station in March 1863 and nearly one entire brigade was captured there. In April, 1863 the army was composed of two divisions of infantry under Charles C. Gilbert and Absalom Baird with a brigade of cavalry under Green Clay Smith. A division of cavalry under David S. Stanley was attached as well as the garrison of Franklin, TN. In this formation the army fought at the Battle of the Harpeth River (or First Franklin) on April 10. On June 8, 1863 the Army of Kentucky essentially became the Reserve Corps of the Army of the Cumberland still under the command of Granger.
Major Battles.
Battle of Richmond (Nelson)<br>
First Battle of Franklin (Granger)

</doc>
<doc id="20752096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752096" title="101st Brigade">
101st Brigade

101st Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20752116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752116" title="Housing New Zealand Corporation">
Housing New Zealand Corporation

Housing New Zealand Corporation is a Crown agent that provides housing services for New Zealanders in need. Housing New Zealand Corporation is a statutory corporation set up on 1 July 2011 under the Housing Corporation Act 1974, as amended by the Housing Corporation Amendment Act 2001. Its primary role is to provide and manage housing for New Zealanders in need of housing assistance.
The Corporation was an amalgamation of Housing New Zealand Limited, Community Housing Limited, and the Ministry of Social Policy. It's shareholding ministers are the Minister of Housing and the Minister of Finance. The Corporation has a Board whose Chair since 2011 is Dr Alan Jackson and Acting Chief Executive is Philippa Jones.
The Corporation was also the New Zealand Government's principal advisor on housing. In 2011 this role was transferred to the Department of Building and Housing, and then in 2012 it was again transferred to the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment.

</doc>
<doc id="20752121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752121" title="Calvin Levels">
Calvin Levels

Calvin Levels (born September 30, 1954; Cleveland, Ohio) is an American film actor. In 1984, he won a Theatre World Award and was nominated for both the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play for his portrayal of Calvin Jefferson in "Open Admissions".Levels is perhaps best known for his roles in the films "Adventures in Babysitting" (1987), "Hellbound" (1994) and "The Atlanta Child Murders" (1985). 

</doc>
<doc id="20752142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752142" title="Bad Boy (comics)">
Bad Boy (comics)

Bad Boy is a one-shot comic book by Frank Miller and Simon Bisley and published by Oni Press.
Publication history.
The story was originally published as a 44 page prestige format comic book.
It was republished in July 2008 in hardcover format by Dynamite Entertainment with two covers, one by Bisley (ISBN 1-933305-54-1) and the other by Miller (ISBN 1-933305-79-7).
Plot.
Frank Miller and Simon Bisley's "Bad Boy" follows the story of Jason, a young boy who comes to realize that the couple he thinks are his parents aren't his parents at all, and his world isn't what it seems to be.

</doc>
<doc id="20752146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752146" title="Goldsborough House">
Goldsborough House

The Goldsborough House is a historic home located at Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story painted brick Federal-style house with a five-bay symmetrical facade, built about 1793. The house features an Ionic columned entrance portico.
The Goldsborough House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20752172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752172" title="World War III (Mac album)">
World War III (Mac album)

World War III is the third album by rapper Mac. It was released on September 28, 1999 through No Limit Records and was produced by wide range of producers including Mac himself, Donald XL Robertson and Carlos Stephens. "World War III" was a significant drop on the "Billboard charts" from his last album, "Shell Shocked". However,"World War III" peaked at #19 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. This was his last album of original material and his last for No Limit, as shortly after its release, Mac was convicted of manslaughter. Along with singles, a promotional music video was released for "War Party" which was a success and a successful single called If It's Cool which made to #11 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20752184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752184" title="Handsell">
Handsell

Handsell, also known as the Webb House, is a historic home located at Vienna, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It is a late-18th-century Georgian-style manor house. It is a -story brick structure over an English basement. The main facade is five bays wide and has a central entrance containing a double door flanked by windows. Handsell bears the name of a 1665 land grant, which has been in the Webb family since 1892.
Handsell was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20752187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752187" title="South Australian state election, 1912">
South Australian state election, 1912

State elections were held in Australia on 10 February 1912. All 40 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Australian Labor Party government led by Premier of South Australia John Verran was defeated by the opposition Liberal Union led by Leader of the Opposition Archibald Peake. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20752194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752194" title="Philip Cottrell">
Philip Cottrell

Philip Cottrell (born 3 January 1972) is an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Birkenhead.
Cottrell, who played two games for the team in the Minor Counties Championship in 1999 and 2000, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. From the lower order, he scored 11 not out, and took figures of 1-84 from nine overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20752195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752195" title="Richard Shenton (cricketer)">
Richard Shenton (cricketer)

Richard Shenton (born 27 May 1972) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Macclesfield.
Shenton, who made two appearances for the team during the 2001 Minor Counties Championship, made two appearances in the C&G Trophy in August and September 2001. Though he did not bat on his debut, he scored 29 runs in his second match.

</doc>
<doc id="20752196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752196" title="Barney Cutbill">
Barney Cutbill

Barney Cutbill (born 21 March 1973) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Halifax.
Cutbill, who played for Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 2002 and 2006, made two List A appearances for the side, during the C&G Trophy in August and September 2002. He did not bat in either match, though he bowled 19 overs, conceding 99 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20752197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752197" title="Andrew Batterley">
Andrew Batterley

Andrew Batterley (born 27 November 1976) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Leigh, Greater Manchester.
Batterley made two appearances for the team in the 2002 Minor Counties Championship, and a single List A appearance in the C&G Trophy in August 2002.
Between 2003 and 2006, Batterley played for Leigh in the National Club Championship and later the Cockspur Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20752198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752198" title="Martin Knight (cricketer)">
Martin Knight (cricketer)

Martin Knight (born 5 October 1984) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and left-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire.
Knight made a single appearance for Lancashire Second XI during the 2002 season, as a substitute for Michael Smethurst.
Knight appeared in the Minor Counties Championship between 2002 and 2004, and made a single List A appearance for Cheshire, in the C&G Trophy in August 2002. From the tailend, he did not bat or bowl in the match.

</doc>
<doc id="20752200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752200" title="Jonathan Farrow">
Jonathan Farrow

Jonathan Farrow (born 22 February 1984) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Stockport, Greater Manchester.
Farrow made two List A appearancs for the side, in the C&G Trophy in August and September 2002. As a tailender, he did not bat in either match, though he bowled five overs in his debut, and ten in his second match.
He also played Marv in Home Alone, and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20752201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752201" title="Mark Makin">
Mark Makin

Mark Makin (born 19 December 1980) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Cheshire. He was born in Stockport, Greater Manchester.
Makin, who still plays cricket in the Cockspur Cup with Hyde as of the 2008 season, made his Minor Counties Championship debut for Cheshire in 2002, and made his only List A appearance in the C&G Trophy in September 2002.
Makin, batting in the lower order, scored 4 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20752223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752223" title="Janet H. Adkins">
Janet H. Adkins

Janet H. Adkins (born on October 9, 1965) is a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 11th District, which includes Nassau County and eastern Duval County, since 2012.
History.
Adkins was born in Jacksonville, and attended Trinity Christian Academy, where she graduated as valedictorian in 1983. Following this, she attended Florida State College at Jacksonville, where she received an associate degree in 1985, and the University of North Florida, receiving a bachelor degree in computer information science in 1987 and a Master of Business Administration in 1990. Adkins then worked for Information Systems of Florida as an information technology specialist, eventually becoming a client partner at the firm. She was elected to the Nassau County School Board in 1998, and served there until she ran for the legislature in 2008.
Florida House of Representatives.
When incumbent State Representative Aaron Bean was unable to seek re-election in 2008, Adkins ran to succeed him in District 12, which included Baker County, Nassau County, Union County, and parts of Bradford County, Clay County, and Duval County. She won the Republican primary against Bobby Hart comfortably with 59% of the vote, and was unopposed in the general election. Adkins was re-elected entirely uncontested in 2010, as well.
Following the reconfiguration of districts in 2012, Adkins was moved into the 11th District, which contained her home in Nassau County, and gave up its reach into the Florida Panhandle in exchange for a large section of Duval County, stretching south to Jacksonville Beach. In the Republican primary, she was opposed by attorney Cord Byrd. Adkins criticized her opponent for being a "personal injury attorney who sues small businesses," and disagreed with him over state funding for the St. Johns River Ferry, which she supported. She received the endorsement of former Governor Jeb Bush, who praised her as "a state representative who has made improving education for Florida's students a priority." The contest between the two was not close, and Adkins won her party's renomination with 65% of the vote. In the general election, she faced Democratic nominee Dave Smith and a write-in candidate. Owing to the district's strong partisan lean, Adkins overwhelmingly won re-election over Smith, winning 72% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20752224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752224" title="Sagovindars Boning">
Sagovindars Boning

Sagovindars Boning is the second and final studio album by the Swedish folk metal band Otyg. On this album, Otyg had a heavier approach to their music than that of Älvefärd. The paintings in the album booklet were done by Theodor Kittelsen.

</doc>
<doc id="20752226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752226" title="Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Cinematography">
Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Cinematography

The Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Cinematography is one of the annual film awards given by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20752239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752239" title="101st Regiment">
101st Regiment

101st Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20752247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752247" title="One More Girl">
One More Girl

One More Girl is a Canadian country music duo composed of actor-singers Carly McKillip and Britt McKillip, who are sisters. The duo signed to EMI Canada in 2008 and released their debut album, "Big Sky", in 2009. In 2010, they won the Rising Star award at the Canadian Country Music Association Awards. In August 2011, the duo signed with American pop music label Interscope Records.
Biography.
In December 2008, One More Girl signed with EMI Music Canada and released their debut single, "I Can Love Anyone", to Canadian country radio shortly after. EMI released the duo's debut album, "Big Sky", on October 6, 2009. Another single for EMI, "Fall Like That", was released in early 2011 as the first single from the duo's second album.
In August 2011, the duo signed with Interscope Records, an American pop music label. A new album is scheduled for release in January, 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20752285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752285" title="South Australian state election, 1915">
South Australian state election, 1915

State elections were held in Australia on 27 March 1915. All 46 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal Union government led by Premier of South Australia Archibald Peake was defeated by the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Crawford Vaughan. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20752289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752289" title="Chop Shop (novel)">
Chop Shop (novel)

Chop Shop is a crime novel by the American writer Tim Downs. 
This thriller features Nick “Bug Man” Polchak, a forensic entomologist who deduces clues to murders based on evidence left by insects on the victims. Dr. Riley McKay of the Allegheny County coroner's office is suspicious when analyzing several corpses. She asks Polchak for help, who discovers that a Pittsburgh-based black market in transplant organs seems to be fronted by PharmaGen, a genetics company with interests other than DNA.
"Chop Shop" is the second in a series of Christian suspense novels featuring “Bug Man” Polchak.

</doc>
<doc id="20752297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752297" title="Yarmouth (Cambridge, Maryland)">
Yarmouth (Cambridge, Maryland)

Yarmouth, also known as White House Farm, Brick House Farm, and Eccleston's Hill, is a historic home located at Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story Flemish bond brick structure built above a high basement built about 1730. Also on the property is an 18th-century granary.
Yarmouth was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20752304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752304" title="Locolotion">
Locolotion

Locolotion is the sixth single of the Japanese group Orange Range. It is used in an advertisement for the drink Match of Otsuka.

</doc>
<doc id="20752334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752334" title="Bromus carinatus">
Bromus carinatus

Bromus carinatus is a species of brome grass known by the common names California brome and mountain brome. 
It is native to western North America from Alaska to northern Mexico, where it can be found in many types of habitat. It is known in parts of the American midwest and eastern North America as an introduced species. 
Description.
"Bromus carinatus" is a perennial bunchgrass growing in clumps 0.5 to 1.5 meters tall, with many narrow leaves up to 40 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a spreading or drooping array of flat spikelets longer than they are wide. 
The grass is wind-pollinated but is also sometimes cleistogamous, so that the flowers pollinate themselves, especially under stressful conditions. It also reproduces vegetatively via tillers.
This species is highly variable. It can be easily confused with B. catharticus and B. stamineus.
Uses.
This grass is used for control of erosion and revegetation of damaged land, as well as a highly palatable forage for livestock; however, it has the capacity to become a noxious weed in agricultural settings.

</doc>
<doc id="20752337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752337" title="PicNet">
PicNet

PicNet Pty Ltd is a provider of IT services. The company is based on the lower North Shore of Sydney in the suburb of St Leonards. The name 'PicNet' is an acronym for the term 'People Information and Collaboration Network'.
Brief history.
PicNet was founded in 2002 by the current Managing Director of the company, Marco Tapia. After a successful career in the IT industry (where he was global Chief Information Officer for international company P&O Ports), Tapia attended the Australian Graduate School of Management to achieve an MBA qualification. Subsequently, he was able to establish PicNet with the confidence and qualifications to run and maintain it.
Tapia directed the company towards a specialisation in Information Technology and Risk Management, through a proprietary product called Risk Shield. A core component of PicNet's strategy was to build the services component of the business, using that to fund the development of the Risk Shield software.
PicNet has since grown, with 26 employees as of 2011 and a management board consisting of three managers.
Management team.
Current members of the management team at PicNet are: Marco Tapia, Guido Tapia and David Booth.
Services.
Other services include The PicNet Service Desk for small to medium enterprises, Web Development and IT Human Resourcing.
Products.
Mouse Eye Tracking.
An web-based usability tool that helps you understand user behaviour and maximise the value of your online presence. Mouse Eye Tracking has four main features, heat maps, mouse tracking, page navigation and browser sizes, all designed to help you better understand how your website is used and viewed.
Risk Shield.
An enterprise risk management tool for identifying and calculating risk in an organisation's operations. Risk Shield uses techniques to quantify risks diagrammatically, creating a "digital dashboard" for risk management across the organisation. It is available as both a pocket product for mobile use (supporting Windows Mobile 5) and as a SaaS application.
PhD.
A web based SaaS issue management application that is accessible from anywhere with an internet connection and requires no installation. All data that is created within the system is backed up daily.

</doc>
<doc id="20752343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752343" title="Thomas's London Day Schools">
Thomas's London Day Schools

Thomas's London Day Schools (also known as Thomas's Preparatory Schools or simply Thomas's) are four private preparatory schools in London, UK. They are located in Kensington, Battersea, Clapham and Fulham, as well as two Kindergartens in Battersea and Pimlico. They are a family run establishment, and have come to be seen as a feeder for major British Public Schools such as Eton, Dulwich, City of London, Radley and Westminster.
History.
Thomas's was founded in 1971 when Joanna Thomas, an actress and mother of three young children, started the Ranelagh Kindergarten in a Pimlico church hall (now Thomas's Kindergarten, Pimlico). Six years later, the success of the Kindergarten and the strong demand for London day schools of quality encouraged David Thomas, a former Gurkha Regiment Officer to join his wife in founding a school for older children. Following the acquisition of a building in Cadogan Gardens in 1977, the "Kensington Court Lower School" came into being with two teachers and eleven pupils. In less than four years the school, now named "Thomas's", had over two hundred children. Demand for places continued to increase and, in response to this, Thomas's expanded in 1981 into two buildings in Cottesmore Gardens, just south of Kensington Gardens, to create Thomas's, Kensington.
By the end of 1989 the Preparatory School at Cadogan Gardens needed more space and in August 1990 the freehold was acquired of the former Sir Walter St John's Grammar School in Battersea. The school, which became Thomas's, Battersea, moved to its extensive new premises in October 1990 and the leasehold buildings in Cadogan Gardens were sold.In September 1992 Thomas's Kindergarten, Battersea was started in the crypt of St Mary's Church. At the end of 1992, with an increasing demand for places, the freehold was secured of the magnificent former Clapham County Girls' School in Broomwood Road and the new Thomas's, Clapham opened in September 1993.
In September 1995, David and Joanna Thomas's two sons, Tobyn and Ben, were appointed Principals, having worked in the schools for a number of years. In June 1998, a charitable foundation was formed. The aims of the charity, Thomas's Schools Foundation, are to assist certain parents financially with the education of their children and to run local community projects. In 1999, David and Joanna Thomas retired from active management of the schools, which are now run by Tobyn and Ben. Ben is also Headmaster of Thomas's, Battersea. In 2000 and 2001, a £4m construction programme was carried out to enhance the facilities at Thomas's, Clapham and Thomas's, Battersea. In 2002, an opportunity arose to improve Thomas's, Kensington through the acquisition of a nearby school, Lady Eden's. Lady Eden's was closed in Summer 2002 and its buildings converted to become the Lower School of Thomas's, Kensington. The existing buildings in Cottesmore Gardens were extensively refurbished and now house the Preparatory School. The premises of Thomas's, Kensington are freehold.
In 2004, Thomas’s acquired a long lease on the buildings formerly owned by the London Institute for the Chelsea College of Art and Design in Hugon Road, SW6. The school, which overlooks South Park, was built from 1892 and was opened on the 29 October 1894 in order to educate 1,200 children. The buildings have and are set on a site. A £1.3m refurbishment programme by the landlords commenced in January 2005 and Thomas's, Fulham opened in September 2005 as a co-educational preparatory school for children from 4 to 11 years old. The school is expected to grow from Reception upwards up to 400 pupils by 2012.
Uniform.
Pupils are required to wear a uniform, which changes for the summer and winter. It consists of Navy Blue trousers or skirt for girls, a blue shirt for boys and in the winter a blue jumper for boys, and in the summer a light blue dress for girls. Only boys wear insignia, with a unicorn on the jumper and a snake clasp belt.
Feeders.
The top private school entrances from Thomas':

</doc>
<doc id="20752353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752353" title="Ilios Yannakakis">
Ilios Yannakakis

Ilios Yannakakis (born 1931 in Cairo, Egypt) is a French historian and political scientist of Greek descent, professor emeritus of the University of Lille III.
He joined the Communist Party of Greece and after the Greek Civil War of 1946-1949 he fled to Paris and eventually to communist Czechoslovakia. There he fell victim of purge of the communist party. After the death of Joseph Stalin he continued lecturing. He was engaged in struggle for human rights and after the defeat of the Prague Spring he fled to France.
In 2003 he became the editorial board of the "Le Meilleur des mondes", a magazine of the French political think tank Cercle de l'Oratoire. 
A fictionalized account of his life was presented in the book "Matin Rouge" ("Red Sunrise") by Chantal Delsol.

</doc>
<doc id="20752356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752356" title="Chilblain lupus erythematosus">
Chilblain lupus erythematosus

Chilblain lupus erythematosus (also known as "chilblain lupus erythematosus of Hutchinson") is a chronic, unremitting form of lupus erythematosus with the fingertips, rims of ears, calves, and heels affected, especially in women. 

</doc>
<doc id="20752358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752358" title="Dheyaa al-Saadi">
Dheyaa al-Saadi

Dheyaa al-Saadi (transliterations include also "Dhiyaa") is an Iraqi lawyer. As leader of the Iraqi Bar Association, he protested against the Iraqi government's dissolution of the association's elected council in March 2006. In December 2008, he became the head of the legal team chosen by al-Baghdadia TV to defend Muntadhar al-Zaidi, an Iraqi broadcast journalist working for al-Baghdadia who was under detention after having thrown his shoes at U.S. president George W. Bush on December 14, 2008.
Iraqi Bar Association.
In October 2005, in his role as a "senior official" in the Iraqi Bar Association, al-Saadi criticised the assassination of Saadoun Sughaiyer al-Janabi, a lawyer participating in the defence of one of Saddam Hussein's co-accused, stating "This will have grave repercussions. This will hinder lawyers from defending those held for political reasons."
In March 2006, in his role as chairman of the Iraqi Bar Association, al-Saadi criticised the Iraqi government's dismissal of the association's council, arguing that the council had been created as the result of "free and fair elections". He said that the association included members of "divergent political factions and groups" and should "remain a symbol of Iraq's unity" rather than being "politicized". He claimed that the association was one of the "few" organisations in Iraq that was defending "civil and political rights and the rule of law". On November 16, 2006, al-Saadi was elected as president of the association with about 70% of the votes. The De-Ba'athification Commission annulled his election on the grounds that he had previously been a member of the Baath Party.
Defence of al-Zaidi.
On December 14, 2008, an Iraqi broadcast journalist working for al-Baghdadia TV, Muntadhar al-Zaidi, threw his shoes at U.S. president George W. Bush and stated that this was on behalf of "the widows and orphans and all those killed in Iraq". He was detained by security forces. Al-Baghdadia organised a team of lawyers headed by al-Saadi to provide al-Zaidi's legal defence. On December 21, al-Saadi contacted Agence France Presse about his client's case. He said that al-Zaidi had filed a complaint against the security forces who allegedly assaulted him during the hours following his arrest and that medical evidence established the nature of al-Zaidi's injuries. On December 22, al-Saadi stated that al-Zaidi is presently accused of "aggression against a foreign head of state during an official visit", for which the penalty is between 5 and 15 years' imprisonment. He stated that he would demand a reduction to a lesser charge, since "the act was an insult, not an aggression".

</doc>
<doc id="20752438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752438" title="South Australian state election, 1918">
South Australian state election, 1918

State elections were held in Australia on 6 April 1918. All 46 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal Union government led by Premier of South Australia Archibald Peake defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Andrew Kirkpatrick. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes. The Crawford Vaughan Labor government fell in July 1917 after the ALP split over conscription, which was replaced by a Peake Liberal minority government. This was replaced by the Peake Liberal-Nationalist coalition majority government in August 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="20752442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752442" title="Denny Field (Alabama)">
Denny Field (Alabama)

Denny Field was located in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and served as the home field for the University of Alabama football team from 1915 through the 1928 seasons, excluding 1918 when a team was not fielded due to World War I. The field was located at the intersection of 10th Street and 7th Avenue at the southern edge of the University of Alabama campus. At present, its former location is the site of portions of Byrd Hall, Parker-Adams Hall and a parking lot.
The venue opened in 1915, and was originally named University Field. It was rededicated as Denny Field on October 9, 1920, prior to the third game of the 1920 season against Birmingham–Southern. Named in honor of former Alabama president George H. Denny, at that time official Denny Field signage was unveiled and it was noted that the name was selected due to Dr. Denny's continued support of the growth of the athletic program at Alabama.
During its tenure as the team's home field, Alabama amassed an overall home record of 43 wins to only 3 losses. It was replaced by Denny Stadium, now known as Bryant–Denny Stadium, in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="20752462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752462" title="Daniel Leech">
Daniel Leech

Daniel Leech (born 13 April 1981) is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who plays for Cheshire. He was born in Crewe, Cheshire.
Leech, who has represented Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship since 2001, and still plays for the team as of 2008, made his only List A appearance in the 2004 C&G Trophy, against Hampshire. Leech scored 8 runs and took one catch.
Leech's brother, David, three years his junior, played for Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20752463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752463" title="Stephen Hampson">
Stephen Hampson

Stephen Hampson (born 14 June 1968) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and left-arm slow bowler who played for Cheshire. He was born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire.
Hampson, who played for Cheshire in the Minor Counties Championship for the first time in 1997, made a single List A appearance for the team, in the 1998 NatWest Trophy tournament. From the tailend, he scored a duck with the bat, and took figures of 0-32 with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20752464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752464" title="Sycamore Cottage">
Sycamore Cottage

Sycamore Cottage is a historic home located at Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It was built possibly as early as 1765. The house is a -story gambrel-roofed frame structure. Remodelings during the 19th century include adding Victorian windows, a central Colonial Revival entrance porch, 1840s Greek Revival interior decorative detailing, and the addition of a large one-story meeting hall. It was moved to this location in 1840. Since 1922, Sycamore Cottage has been the headquarters of the Cambridge Woman's Club.
Sycamore Cottage was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20752509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752509" title="Interstate Eight Conference">
Interstate Eight Conference

The Interstate Eight Conference (I-8) has 12 schools in Illinois that are members of the conference. The Interstate Eight originally had 8 schools—Coal City, Dwight, Lisle, Plano, Reed-Custer, Sandwich, Seneca and Wilmington. In 2006 Herscher, Manteno, Peotone and Westmont joined the conference. This conference is one of the most competitive conferences in the state. The Conference is divided into Large and Small divisions during football season. In all other sports, the conference is undivided.
Most of the member schools are in rural towns. Westmont and Lisle Senior High Schools are Suburbs of Chicago but enrollments are small in size.
Members of the I-8 Conference are all members of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). The conference was recently changed with Reed- Custer moving into the small division and Plano moving into the large division.
Large Division
Small Division
Football.
Football is based on an 8 class system since 2001.
Boys Cross country.
Cross Country is based on a 3 class system since 2007.
Girls Cross country.
Cross Country is based on a 3 class system since 2007.
Scholastic Bowl.
Lisle (2011, 2012)

</doc>
<doc id="20752520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752520" title="Verrucous lupus erythematosus">
Verrucous lupus erythematosus

Verrucous lupus erythematosus (also known as "Hypertrophic lupus erythematosus") presents with non-puritic papulonodular lesions on the arms and hands, resembling keratoacanthoma or hypertropic lichen planus.

</doc>
<doc id="20752521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752521" title="Gladstone School District">
Gladstone School District

Gladstone School District is a four-school public school district serving Gladstone, Oregon, United States. The superintendent is Bob Stewart.
Demographics.
In the 2009 school year, the district had 39 students classified as homeless by the Department of Education, or 1.8% of students in the district.
Schools.
The district's schools are the Gladstone Center for Children and Families, John Wetten Elementary School, Kraxberger Middle School and Gladstone High School. The four schools have a total of 2,200 students.
Gladstone school bond.
A school bond was passed for the Gladstone School District during the November 2006 general election. The estimated cost of the construction is almost $40,000,000. The money is being used to help all three schools in the district, however, the majority of the money will be going to Gladstone High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20752536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752536" title="Jonathan Tropper">
Jonathan Tropper

Jonathan Tropper (born February 19, 1970) is an American writer and a professor of English at Manhattanville College.
Life and career.
Tropper was born in the Riverdale section of New York City. He studied English as an undergraduate and received a master’s degree in creative writing at New York University, after which he spent eight years running a Manhattan-based company that manufactured displays for jewelry companies. He wrote at night and on weekends, ultimately publishing his first novel, "Plan B," which attracted the attention of an agent, allowing him to leave his job and become a full-time writer. Four of Tropper's five books have been optioned at auction within a week of publication ("The Book of Joe", "How to Talk to a Widower", "Everything Changes" and "This Is Where I Leave You").
The themes of his books appear to stem from his personal experiences: they deal with topics such as being single, growing up, getting married, being married, getting divorced, and living in suburbia. Tropper's hometown of New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York, is a main source of inspiration when creating the characters and settings in his books.
"How to Talk to a Widower" was a 2007 selection for "The Richard and Judy Show" in the United Kingdom. "Everything Changes" was a Booksense selection. Three of Tropper's books are currently being adapted into movies. Tropper cowrote the film adaptation of "The Book of Joe" with Ed Burns, who will direct. "This Is Where I Leave You" was published in August 2009 and was a "New York Times" bestseller. Tropper's most recent novel, "One Last Thing Before I Go," was published in August 2012. The novel was optioned by Paramount Pictures for J. J. Abrams.
Tropper, together with David Schickler, created the 2013 television series "Banshee," which premiered in January on Cinemax; Tropper serves as an executive producer on the show.
Tropper has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20752585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752585" title="Austin Film Critics Association Awards 2008">
Austin Film Critics Association Awards 2008

4th AFCA Awards<br>
<br>
Best Film: <br>
The 4th Austin Film Critics Association Awards, honoring the best in filmmaking for 2008, were announced on December 16, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20752594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752594" title="LaGrange (Cambridge, Maryland)">
LaGrange (Cambridge, Maryland)

LaGrange, also known as La Grange Plantation or Meredith House, is a historic home located at Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. It was built about 1760. The house is a -story Flemish bond brick house and is one of the few remaining Georgian houses in the town. Sun porches and a frame wing were added to the main house in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Three outbuildings remain, including a late-19th century dairy, an 18th-century smokehouse, and a 20th-century garage.
LaGrange was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
La Grange Plantation.
The Dorchester County Historical Society owns the La Grange Plantation and operates it as an open museum of local history. The different buildings include the 1760 period furnished Meredith House, exhibits on local history, agriculture, domestic life, antique transportation vehicles, and tools used by a woodworker, wheelwright and blacksmith.

</doc>
<doc id="20752604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752604" title="South Australian state election, 1921">
South Australian state election, 1921

State elections were held in Australia on 9 April 1921. All 46 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal Union government led by Premier of South Australia Henry Barwell defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition John Gunn. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20752615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752615" title="Tumid lupus erythematosus">
Tumid lupus erythematosus

Tumid lupus erythematosus (also known as "lupus erythematosus tumidus") is a rare, but distinctive entity in which patients present with edematous erythematous plaques, usually on the trunk.
Lupus erythematosus tumidus (LET) was reported by Henri Gougerot and Burnier R. in 1930. It is a photosensitive skin disorder, a different subtype of cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE) from discoid lupus erythematosus (DLE) or subacute CLE (SCLE). LET is usually found on sun-exposed areas of the body. Skin lesions are edematous, urticarialike annular papules and plaques. Topical corticosteroids are not effective as treatment for LET, but many will respond to chloroquine. LET resolves with normal skin, no residual scarring, no hyperpigmentation or hypopigmentation. Cigarette smokers who have LET may not respond very well to chloroquine. 
It has been suggested that it is equivalent to Jessner lymphocytic infiltrate of the skin.

</doc>
<doc id="20752624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752624" title="Charles Lucas Anthony">
Charles Lucas Anthony

Charles Lucas Anthony, also known as Lt. Colonel Seelan, from Trincomalee District of Sri Lanka, was a close associate of Tamil Tiger leader Velupillai Prabhakaran. He was killed in a close encounter with Sri Lankan Army soldiers in Meesalai, Jaffna District on 15 July 1983. 
To avenge his death, early Tamil Tigers including Velupillai Prabhakaran and Sathasivam Krishnakumar carried out an attack on Sri Lankan Army soldiers on 23 July 1983, killing 13 of them. The Black July riots, triggered by the killing of these soldiers, led directly to the outbreak of civil war in Sri Lanka.
Prabhakaran named the Charles Anthony Brigade as a tribute to his close friend. Prabhakaran also named his eldest son Charles Anthony. Tamil Tigers claim Charles Anthony to be one of the 'foundation stones' of Tamil Eelam.

</doc>
<doc id="20752677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752677" title="Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus">
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus

Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus (SCLE) is a clinically distinct subset of cases of lupus erythematosus that is most often present in white women aged 15 to 40, consisting of skin lesions that are scaly and evolve as polycyclic annular lesions or psoriasiform plaques.
Characteristically the lesions appear in sun-exposed areas such as the vee of the neckline or the forearms, but not the face. It may be brought on by sun-sensitizing medications, but is usually associated with autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and Sjögren's syndrome.
Treatment generally involves sun avoidance/protection and topical corticosteroids. Sometimes systemic drug treatment is necessary. Besides corticosteroids other immunsuppressants such as methotrexate are also used.
Lesions of SCLE may have an annular configuration, with raised red borders and central clearing.

</doc>
<doc id="20752696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752696" title="Espaillat Women">
Espaillat Women

Espaillat is the top female volleyball team of Espaillat.
History.
The team was found in 2007.
Current volleyball squad.
"As of December 2008"
Coach: Ramón Cruz
Assistant coach: Carlos Pérez
Palmares.
National competition.
National league

</doc>
<doc id="20752699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752699" title="South Australian state election, 1924">
South Australian state election, 1924

State elections were held in Australia on 5 April 1924. All 46 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal Federation government led by Premier of South Australia Henry Barwell was defeated by the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition John Gunn. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20752714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752714" title="Neonatal lupus erythematosus">
Neonatal lupus erythematosus

Neonatal lupus erythematosus is the occurrence of SLE symptoms in an infant born from a mother with SLE, most commonly presenting with a rash resembling discoid lupus erythematosus, and sometimes with systemic abnormalities such as heart block or hepatosplenomegaly.
The infants have no skin lesions at birth, but develop them during the first weeks of life. Neonatal lupus is usually benign and self-limited. 
It is associated with mothers who carry the Ro/SSA antibodies. 

</doc>
<doc id="20752772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752772" title="Alloa Academy">
Alloa Academy

Alloa Academy is a six-year state-funded comprehensive school, serving the town of Alloa in Clackmannanshire, Scotland. Its roll is over 800 pupils. It has four primary schools associated with it: Claremont, Sunnyside, Park and St John's. It also welcomes pupils from St Mungo's Primary. The school currently has 74 teaching staff. The pupil intake varies from a very middle class area to an area of severe deprivation. The school moved location after Christmas 2008. The old building in the Claremont area of Alloa was built in 1959, opened by her majesty Queen Elizabeth II and demolished in 2010. The new school is adjacent to the Glassworks and is in view of the River Forth.
Motto.
Traditionally the school motto has been "Circumspice" which translates from Latin into "Look About You". It is also from this motto that the Clackmannanshire county motto "Look Aboot Yet" originated. Since the school moved to its new location, the school changed its motto to "who was James Duffy?".
Pupils.
Approximately 800 attend the school each year between the ages of approximately 11 to 18. The majority have attended one of the four primary schools in the catchment area; St Johns Primary, Sunnyside Primary, Claremont Primary and Park Primary. Some children may attend from St. Mungos as well.
Houses.
Pupils are split up into three different houses each with their own guidance teacher who offers help, support and takes Social Education classes. The three houses are Bruce, Erskine and Schaw. In 2003 the house Abercrombie was removed and students in that house were placed in the three remaining houses. To each house there are two house captains, one male and one female. The house captains are elected through the whole of a particular house voting.
Notable former pupils.
Notable former pupils include:

</doc>
<doc id="20752774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752774" title="Simplex graph">
Simplex graph

In graph theory, a branch of mathematics, the simplex graph κ("G") of an undirected graph "G" is itself a graph, with one node for each clique (a set of mutually adjacent vertices) in "G". Two nodes of κ("G") are linked by an edge whenever the corresponding two cliques differ in the presence or absence of a single vertex.
The empty set is included as one of the cliques of "G" that are used to form the clique graph, as is every set of one vertex and every set of two adjacent vertices. Therefore, the simplex graph contains within it a subdivision of "G" itself. The simplex graph of a complete graph is a hypercube graph, and the simplex graph of a cycle graph of length four or more is a gear graph. The simplex graph of the complement graph of a path graph is a Fibonacci cube.
The complete subgraphs of "G" can be given the structure of a median algebra: the median of three cliques "A", "B", and "C" is formed by the vertices that belong to a majority of the three cliques. Any two vertices belonging to this median set must both belong to at least one of "A", "B", or "C", and therefore must be linked by an edge, so the median of three cliques is itself a clique. The simplex graph is the median graph corresponding to this median algebra structure. When "G" is the complement graph of a bipartite graph, the cliques of "G" can be given a stronger structure as a distributive lattice, and in this case the simplex graph is the graph of the lattice. As is true for median graphs more generally, every simplex graph is itself bipartite.
The simplex graph has one vertex for every simplex in the clique complex "X(G)" of "G", and two vertices are linked by an edge when one of the two corresponding simplexes is a facet of the other. Thus, the objects (vertices in the simplex graph, simplexes in "X(G)") and relations between objects (edges in the simplex graph, inclusion relations between simplexes in "X(G)") are in one-to-one correspondence between "X(G)" and κ("G").
Simplex graphs were introduced by , who observed that a simplex graph has no cubes if and only if the underlying graph is triangle-free, and showed that the chromatic number of the underlying graph equals the minimum number "n" such that the simplex graph can be isometrically embedded into a Cartesian product of "n" trees. As a consequence of the existence of triangle-free graphs with high chromatic number, they showed that there exist two-dimensional topological median algebras that cannot be embedded into products of finitely many real trees. also use simplex graphs as part of their proof that testing whether a graph is triangle-free or whether it is a median graph may be performed equally quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="20752805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752805" title="Penn State Public Broadcasting">
Penn State Public Broadcasting

Penn State Public Broadcasting may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20752832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752832" title="Diplacusis">
Diplacusis

Diplacusis, also known as diplacusis binauralis or interaural pitch difference (IPD) is a type of tinnitus that is the perception of a single auditory stimulus as two separate sounds which may differ in pitch or in time. It is typically experienced as a secondary symptom of sensorineural hearing loss, although not all patients with sensory neural hearing loss may experience diplacausis or tinnitus. Onset is usually spontaneous and can occur at the time of an acoustic trauma or in the midst of an ear infection. Sufferers may experience the effect permanently, or it may resolve on its own. Treatment includes a full medical examination as well as an audiological examination that may explain the nature of the problem. If needed, amplification may relieve the symptoms of diplacausis. Therapy in helping the patient understand the cause of the symptom and tinnitus retraining may provide some relief.
Diplacusis of Pure Tones.
For people with unilateral cochlear hearing losses or asymmetrical hearing losses, the same tone presented alternately to the two ears may be perceived as having different pitches in the two ears. This is the phenomenon of diplacusis.
The magnitude of the shift can be measured by getting the subject to adjust the frequency of a tone in one ear until its pitch matches that of the tone in the other ear.
If a 1000 Hz pure tone is presented in both of a listener's ears, then they perceive one pitch. However, alternate the presentation between ears (i.e. 1000 Hz left, 1000 Hz right, 1000 Hz left, ...), and a given person will consistently mismatch these sinusoids the same amount between trials if doing a pitch-matching task.
Effects of Sensorineural Hearing Loss (SNHL).
If one ear has normal thresholds and one has SNHL (a unilateral loss), there is a lot of diplacusis. As much as 15 – 20% (for example 200 Hz one ear => 800 Hz in the other). Hard to match because the SNHL ear hears it “fuzzily”.
Bilateral SNHL gives less diplacusis, but pitch distortions may persist. This may cause problems with music and speech understanding.
References.
plack et al. (Ed).Pitch : Neural coding and perception. Springer.2005

</doc>
<doc id="20752848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752848" title="Boettcher Foundation">
Boettcher Foundation

The Boettcher Foundation is one of the largest philanthropic organizations in Colorado, based in Denver. Founded by the Boettcher Family in 1937 to assist, encourage and promote quality of life for the citizens of Colorado, the Foundation has invested more than $300 million in Colorado through scholarships and capital grants.
The Foundation currently has net assets of approximately $270 million. In 2010, the Foundation paid roughly $14 million in grants, all of which went to Colorado recipients. The Foundation funds a number of programs in addition to its capital grants. These include the Boettcher Scholarship Program, the Boettcher Teacher’s Program and the Webb-Waring Biomedical Research Program.
The Boettcher name is well known in Colorado as recognized by many buildings and places named after the family thanks to the Foundation's grants, including the Boettcher Concert Hall in Denver, the Boettcher Memorial Tropical Conservatory at the Denver Botanic Gardens, and the Boettcher Welcome Center at the Denver Zoo. In addition, the Colorado Governor's Residence, a Colonial Revival mansion built in 1908, was donated by the Boettcher Foundation to the State of Colorado in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20752861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752861" title="South Australian state election, 1927">
South Australian state election, 1927

State elections were held in Australia on 26 March 1927. All 46 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Australian Labor Party government led by Premier of South Australia Lionel Hill was defeated by the opposition Liberal Federation led by Leader of the Opposition Richard L. Butler. Each district elected multiple members, with voters casting multiple votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20752896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752896" title="Kavithalayaa Productions">
Kavithalayaa Productions

Kavithalayaa Productions is a Tamil cinema film production company and film distribution company founded by film director, screenwriter and producer K. Balachander. Located in Kodambakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, it has released several acclaimed Tamil language features of the Chennai film Industry, including "Sindhu Bhairavi", Mani Ratnam's "Roja" and K. S. Ravikumar's commercially successful film "Muthu." It has also produced films in Telugu, Hindi, Kannada and Malayalam.
Balachander's wife Rajam Balachander and his daughter Pushpa Kandaswamy also produce for the banner.

</doc>
<doc id="20752962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752962" title="Invasion of the Star Creatures">
Invasion of the Star Creatures

Invasion of the Star Creatures is a May 3, 1962, science fiction/comedy film directed by Bruno VeSota and starring Bob Ball and Frankie Ray. It was released theatrically by American International Pictures. It was released as a double feature with "The Brain That Wouldn't Die". The theatrical version (on DVD) runs 70 minutes. The television version added a 10 minute sequence, bringing the running time to 80 minutes. 
Plot.
The film opens with a parody credit of “R.I. Diculous Presents.” Private Philbrick and Private Penn are stuck in monotonous assignments at Fort Nicholson, a U.S. Army base near the Nicholson Mesa. The privates are assigned to a scouting mission that requires the inspection of a newly discovered cavern that was located near the base. Philbrick and Penn are part of an expeditionary squadron, but become separated from their fellow soldiers. The privates are attacked by strange creatures that take them to an alien spacecraft occupied by Amazonian women from the planet Chalar. Two of the aliens, Professor Puna and Dr. Tanga, reveal they arrived on Earth with the goal of conquering the planet. Philbrick and Penn discover their fellow soldiers have been captured by the aliens. The privates accidentally discover that kissing the aliens leaves them temporarily powerless. After a rapid kissing session, Philbrick and Penn escape from the spaceship and its inhabitants. Dodging an encounter with a hostile American Indian tribe, the two soldiers race back to their base to launch a defense of the Earth against the Chalar aliens.
Production.
"Invasion of the Star Creatures" was written by Jonathan Haze, an actor best known for his starring role in the 1960 Roger Corman feature "The Little Shop of Horrors". Haze’s screenplay originally had the title Monsters From Nicholson Mesa, which was intended as a jokey reference to James H. Nicholson, the co-founder of American International Pictures. Haze was originally planned to be a star of the film, but he did not appear in the production.
Director Bruno VeSota was best known for B-level features including "Female Jungle" (1955) and "The Brain Eaters" (1958).
The cavern and desert scenes for Invasion of the Star Creatures were shot in Bronson Canyon, a section of Griffith Park in Los Angeles, California, that has been widely used for film and television productions.
Release.
"Invasion of the Star Creatures" has never been well reviewed by critics. When it first opened, the film trade magazine "Box Office" opined: “What a lot of baloney! Such a waste of time, film and effort. The title was good, but was it a spooky film? Nope! A comedy!! Closed the first night.” Film historian Bill Warren, in his 1997 book "Keep Watching the Skies!", called the film "astonishingly bad...so helplessly bad that it's almost unwatchable."
In 1979, the film was cited by Harry and Michael Medved in their book "The Golden Turkey Awards", a tribute to bad films. "Invasion of the Star Creatures" was nominated in the category for “The Worst Vegetable Movie of All Time,” with the authors noting the monsters controlled by the Chalar aliens were played by actors wearing carrot costumes. The Medveds also faulted an egregious comic line by Bob Ball – when given a backflip by one of the carrot monsters, Ball remarked: “Wow, that’s the first time a salad ever tossed me!”

</doc>
<doc id="20752963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752963" title="James von der Heydt">
James von der Heydt

James Arnold von der Heydt (July 15, 1919 – December 1, 2013) was an American lawyer and judge. His last position was as a member of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska, where he served for over 47 years. 
Von der Heydt was born in Miles City, Montana. He attended Albion College, where he received a B.A. degree in 1942, and the Northwestern University School of Law, where he got a J.D. degree in 1951. He served as a deputy U.S. marshal in Nome, Alaska from 1945-1948. He also was U.S. Commissioner, United States District Court for the District of Alaska, 1951 and a U.S. Attorney for the District of Alaska, 1951-1953. Later, he went into private practice in Nome, from 1953 to 1959. He served as a Member of the Territorial Alaska House of Representatives during the 1957-1959 term and was the Presiding judge of the Superior Court, State of Alaska, from 1959 to 1966.
Von der Heydt was nominated by Lyndon B. Johnson on September 9, 1966, to a seat vacated by Walter Hartman Hodge. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 20, 1966, and received his commission on November 3, 1966. He served as chief judge, from 1973 to 1984 and assumed senior status on July 15, 1984. He served in that capacity until his death, at the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="20752992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752992" title="Maalaiskunta">
Maalaiskunta

Maalaiskunta (Finnish), landskommun (Swedish), "rural municipality", abbreviated "mlk" was one of the four types of municipality in Finland in 1865–1977. Other types were new city (in Finnish uusi kaupunki), old city (in Finnish vanha kaupunki) and "kauppala" (market town). Maalaiskunta was the most common type of municipality. In the 1977 reform, all municipalities were given fully equal legal standing. Previous "maalaiskunta"s associated with a city retained their name. For example, Rovaniemen maalaiskunta ("the rural municipality of Rovaniemi) surrounded the city of Rovaniemi, but were independently governed. From 2009, no municipalities will carry this name any more, after the merger of Jyväskylä and Jyväskylän mlk.
Rural municipalities were legally independent from the cities carrying the same name. However, in some cases, particularly when the city was in the geographic center of the municipality, rural municipalities have placed their offices in the city, on the territory of a different municipality. Rural municipalities have also changed their names to create an identity distinct from the city. For example, Vantaa was previously known as "Helsingin maalaiskunta", as it was the historical center of Helsinki (location of the Helsinki church village).
In addition, in 1926 Lohja was split into "Lohjan maalaiskunta", which was known as "Lohjan kunta" after 1977, and "Lohjan kauppala" (later "Lohjan kaupunki"), but the two merged again in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20752998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20752998" title="Lupus erythematosus panniculitis">
Lupus erythematosus panniculitis

Lupus erythematosus panniculitis (also known as "Lupus erythematosus profundus," "Lupus panniculitis," "Lupus profundus", and "Subcutaneous lupus erythematosus") presents with subcutaneous nodules that are commonly firm, sharply defined, and nontender.

</doc>
<doc id="20753009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753009" title="South Australian state election, 1930">
South Australian state election, 1930

State elections were held in Australia on 5 April 1930. All 46 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal Federation government led by Premier of South Australia Richard L. Butler was defeated by the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Lionel Hill. 
Each district elected multiple members. This election saw the change from first past the post (plurality) to instant-runoff (preferential) voting, which also meant that electors cast a single vote rather than multiple votes. With two-thirds of seats in the House of Assembly, the election remains South Australian Labor's biggest win.

</doc>
<doc id="20753036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753036" title="Magnolia Grove (Greensboro, Alabama)">
Magnolia Grove (Greensboro, Alabama)

Magnolia Grove is a historic Greek Revival mansion in Greensboro, Alabama. The house was named for the grove of Southern magnolias in which it stands. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 11, 1973, due to its architectural and historical significance. It now serves as a historic house museum and is operated by the Alabama Historical Commission.
History.
Magnolia Grove was built in 1840 for Isaac Croom and his wife, Sarah Pearson Croom. Croom was a lawyer and planter from Lenoir County, North Carolina and one of the contributing founders of . Sarah was the sister of Richmond Mumford Pearson, a prominent pro-Union politician and Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
Isaac Croom died in 1863, with Sarah following him in 1878. They left no living children, so the estate passed to Sarah C. Pearson, the daughter of Richmond Mumford Pearson. Sarah Pearson married to James M. Hobson, also of North Carolina. James Hobson would eventually serve as probate judge of Hale County for over twenty years. The Hobson family moved to Greensboro and raised four sons and three daughters at Magnolia Grove. 
The Hobson's most famous offspring was Richmond Pearson Hobson, a naval hero of the Spanish-American War who would later serve as a U.S. Representative from Alabama. He was awarded the Medal of Honor in 1933 for his actions aboard the USS "Merrimac" during the Spanish-American War and in 1934, by special act of the United States Congress, he was advanced to Naval Constructor with a rank of Rear Admiral. 
Hobson resigned from active naval duty in 1903 to begin a career as a Democratic U.S. Representative from Alabama. He served from March 4, 1907 until March 3, 1915, and during that time proposed more than 20 constitutional amendments to ban alcohol. He was denied the Democratic nomination in 1916 to the 65th Congress. He then organized the American Alcohol Education Association in 1921, organized the International Narcotic Education Association in 1923, organized the World Conference on Narcotic Education in 1926, and founded the World Narcotic Defense Association in 1927. These activities have caused some to label him as the "Father of American Prohibition." 
On January 22, 1942, the "Gleaves"-class destroyer, USS "Hobson", was commissioned in his honor posthumously. Magnolia Grove was dedicated as a state shrine in his honor on May 1, 1947.
Architecture.
Magnolia Grove is a relatively rare Alabama example of a full-scale pedimented temple-form house in the Greek Revival style. It is a two-story masonry structure, built in handmade brick. The front facade is stuccoed, including the pediment. The sides and rear are left with the brick face exposed.
The front facade features a monumental hexastyle portico with Doric columns. These support a plain entablature with a simple molding dividing the architrave and frieze. Above a simple cornice, the unadorned pediment is framed by horizontal and raking geisons. Behind the portico, the building is divided into a five bay facade. The central bay is occupied by doorways on both floors, with simply molded windows occupying the remaining bays to either side. Both door surrounds are Greek Revival, these are inset with double doors, surrounded by sidelights and topped by a transom. The upper doorway opens onto a cantilevered balcony. The lower windows are floor-to-ceiling and open onto the portico, while the upper windows are six-over-six. The rear of the building also has a two-story portico, but here it is supported by six slender cast-iron columns.
The interior features plaster cornice moldings and Greek Revival door and window surrounds. Both floors are evenly divided by a central hall running from front to back. The first floor contains a parlor, living room, dining room, and study. A separate two-story brick building to the rear of the main house contained the original kitchen and servant's quarters. A cantilevered staircase with mahogany treads and railing climbs from the rear of the hall to the second floor. This level contains a central hall and four bedrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="20753075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753075" title="Magnolia Grove">
Magnolia Grove

Magnolia Grove may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20753084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753084" title="Rough Diamond (album)">
Rough Diamond (album)

Rough Diamond is the debut album of British rock band Rough Diamond.
Rough Diamond was formed by singer David Byron following his dismissal from Uriah Heep, along with former Humble Pie guitarist Clem Clempson and ex-Wings drummer Geoff Britton. The album peaked at No. 103 on the Billboard 200 in 1977. The band opened for Peter Frampton in the spring of 1977 on the latter's US tour. The group disbanded shortly after releasing their debut. Bizarrely, for a few weeks, the band's roadie and driver was Royal Shakespeare Company actor Tony Rowlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20753116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753116" title="The 13th Reality">
The 13th Reality

The 13th Reality is a children's fantasy book series by James Dashner. The first book in the series ("The Journal of Curious Letters") was published in early 2008 by Shadow Mountain Publishing. The second book was released on May 1, 2009 and was titled "The Hunt for Dark Infinity", and book three was released April 6, 2010. It was titled "The Blade of Shattered Hope". The fourth book ("The Void of Mist and Thunder") was released as an eBook on July 10, 2012, and was released as a hardcover in September 2012.
Plot summary.
A boy named Atticus "'Tick'" Higginbottom is a normal 13 year old until he gets a letter from Alaska, signed 'M.G.' Tick learns that something deadly is about to happen and could result in the destruction of reality itself. Tick then follows clues and solves riddles in more letters, soon meeting new friends and journeying into other realities- alternate worlds that are created every time a choice is made. Not knowing what dangers lie ahead Tick and his friends take on a journey that could be life threatening.
Characters.
. He has an uncanny ability to manipulate the Chi'karda, and this is used to the Realitants' advantage.
Reception.
Kirkus Reviews said that "though there are chunks of text that are overwritten, the telling is generally laced with a strong sense of humor and a sure hand at plot; the author is plainly in tune with today's fan base."
Books.
The Journal of Curious Letters.
"The Journal of Curious Letters" is a 2008 novel by James Dashner. It is the first book in the children's series The 13th Reality.
Summary.
Atticus Higginbottom, a.k.a. Tick, is an average thirteen-year-old boy until the day a strange letter arrives in his mailbox. Postmarked from Alaska and cryptically signed with the initials "M.G.," the letter informs Tick that dangerous—perhaps even deadly—events have been set in motion that could result in the destruction of reality itself. M.G. promises to send Tick twelve riddles that will reveal on a certain day, a certain time, and a certain place, something extraordinary will happen!
The Hunt for Dark Infinity.
"The Hunt for Dark Infinity" is a 2009 novel by James Dashner. It is the second book in the children's series The 13th Reality.

</doc>
<doc id="20753126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753126" title="South Australian state election, 1933">
South Australian state election, 1933

State elections were held in Australia on 8 April 1933. All 46 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Australian Labor Party government led by Premier of South Australia Robert Richards was defeated by the opposition Liberal and Country League led by Leader of the Opposition Richard L. Butler. Each district elected multiple members. 

</doc>
<doc id="20753157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753157" title="List of members of the 79th West Virginia House of Delegates">
List of members of the 79th West Virginia House of Delegates

This List of members of the 79th West Virginia House of Delegates lists the presumed members of the House of Delegates for the 79th West Virginia Legislature.
Composition.
"2009–2011:"

</doc>
<doc id="20753177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753177" title="Euthanasia device">
Euthanasia device

A euthanasia device is a machine engineered to allow an individual to die quickly with minimal pain. The most common devices are those designed to help terminally ill people die by voluntary euthanasia or assisted suicide without prolonged pain. They may be operated by a second party, such as a physician, or by the person wishing to die. There is an ongoing debate on the ethics of euthanasia and the use of euthanasia devices.
Notable devices.
Thanatron.
Invented BY: Dr. Jack Kevorkian, this device involved an individual pushing a button that released drugs or chemicals that would end his or her own life. Two deaths were assisted by means of this device, which delivered the euthanizing drugs mechanically through an IV. Kevorkian called it a "Thanatron" or death machine "(see Thanatos)".
It had three canisters or bottles mounted on a metal frame, about wide by high. Each bottle had a syringe that connected to a single IV line in the person's arm. The first bottle contained ordinary saline, or salt water. Another contained a sleep-inducing barbiturate called sodium thiopental, and the third a lethal mixture of potassium chloride, which immediately stopped the heart, and pancuronium bromide, a muscle relaxant to prevent spasms during the dying process. (These are the three drugs administered in the lethal injection execution protocol, but in the execution protocol, the pancuronium bromide is administered before the potassium chloride.)
Mercitron.
Kevorkian assisted others with a device that employed a gas mask fed by a canister of carbon monoxide which was called "Mercitron" (mercy machine). This became necessary because Kevorkian's medical license had been revoked after the first two deaths, and he could no longer have legal access to the substances required for the "Thanatron". It was a rudimentary device consisting of a canister of carbon monoxide attached to a face mask with a tube. A valve must be released to start the gas flowing. Depending on the person's disability, a makeshift handle may be attached to the valve to make it easier to turn. Or, with the valve in the "open" position, a clip or clothespin could be clamped on the tubing. Pulling it off allows the gas to flow. By Kevorkian's estimates, this method took 10 minutes or longer. Sometimes he encouraged people to take sedatives or muscle relaxants to keep them calm as they breathed deeply of the gas.
Carbon monoxide is hazardous to others who may discover the body (family, medical workers, police).
Deliverance machine.
The "Deliverance Machine" was invented by Philip Nitschke. It consisted of a notebook computer and software titled "Deliverance", which asks the patient a series of questions, and automatically administers a lethal injection of barbiturates if the correct answers are made. 
The following three questions were displayed on the laptop screen and required the patient to click the "Yes" button in order to proceed:
In an interview, Dr. Nitschke named several reasons why he developed the machine. Even if it would have been legally possible for a doctor to administer a lethal injection, he preferred that the patient initiate the process. The machine also allowed a doctor to leave the patient with the family when the button was pushed.
The machine was used legally under the Australian Northern Territory's Rights of the Terminally Ill Act 1995, which was later overturned.
Exit International's euthanasia device.
The Exit International euthanasia device was invented by Dr Philip Nitschke in 2008. It used an ordinary barbecue gas bottle filled with nitrogen, a plastic suicide bag, and some plastic tubing with one end attached to the gas canister and the other fixed inside the bag by a tie held by adhesive tape. In December 2008, Nitschke released details of the euthanasia device to the media. His new device/method is a modification of the "Exit Bag plus helium" method described in "The Peaceful Pill Handbook". Instead of using a pre-packaged disposable cylinder of helium, he suggested filling purchased empty LPG cylinders (rated at 3300 kPa) with compressed nitrogen and then regulating this with a jet assembly to give a flow of around 10 litres per minute into the standard plastic "Exit Bag". This equipment has some small advantages over the helium method:
Nitschke called it "flawless" and "undetectable", saying the new process uses ordinary household products available from hardware stores. Inhaling the pure nitrogen, patients lose consciousness immediately (in approximately 12 seconds) and die a few minutes later.
Nitschke said: "So it's extremely quick and there are no drugs. Importantly this doesn't fail – it's reliable, peaceful, available and with the additional benefit of undetectability." However, Nitschke commented in 2010 that if helium is used, new autopsy tests can detect it.
The principle behind the effectiveness of the device is oxygen deprivation that leads to hypoxia, asphyxia and death within minutes. Deprivation of oxygen in the presence of carbon dioxide creates panic and a sense of suffocation (the hypercapnic alarm response), and struggling even when unconscious, whereas anoxia in the presence of an inert gas, like nitrogen, helium or argon, does not. 
The basic principle of autoeuthanasia by anoxia was first described in the book "Final Exit" by Derek Humphry in 1991, although the newer technique that uses inert gases to reduce time taken to die to about five minutes was first discussed in the third edition of Humphry's book. The original methodology was devised, using helium, by the "NuTech" group — engineers, physicians, divers and others, a small number of people first assembled in 1998 under the leadership of John Hofsess, Philip Nitschke, and Derek Humphry. Nitschke's innovation is the use of a hardware store barbecue gas canister, although in his book "The Peaceful Pill eHandbook", he mentions the use of disposable helium canisters, used for inflating party balloons.
Close contact with an enclosed inert gas is lethal because it flushes oxygen from the body, but released into the open air, it quickly disperses, and is safe for others. It is neither flammable nor explosive. Close contact with the gas is achieved in Humphry's book by enclosing the head in a suicide bag — a strong, clear plastic bag of dimensions , secured around the neck by a strap, or by using a product available from the "Canadian Right to Die Society" called the "EXIT bag", which has a sewn-in Velcro collar and fastened-in, flexible plastic tubing. In all cases, the inert gas is fed into the bag by plastic tubing.
Suicides using this method are well documented in the literature. In the study "Asphyxial suicide with helium and a plastic bag" (Ogden et al.), the authors describe the following case history:
CASE REPORT<br>
This death occurred in September 2000, in South Carolina. The deceased was a 60-year-old white woman with a diagnosis of adenoid cystic carcinoma that had spread to the eye, causing double vision. ... Her husband discovered her on the living room floor approximately 2 hours after she was last seen alive. She wore a surgical mask over her face, and a clear plastic bag was secured over her head. ... Next to her body was an industrial refillable tank labeled “helium.” A clear plastic hose was attached to the tank valve and led to the plastic bag. Also at the scene were the book "Final Exit", "Final Exit: The Video", and the "Spring 2000 Hemlock Society Newsletter", which included an article on helium and plastic bag suicide. The decedent appeared to have diligently followed the instructions in these materials. ... The deceased’s skin color was unremarkable, and there were no external signs of poisoning. Toxicologic examination of blood and urine for therapeutic and abused substances did not reveal data of significance ... When a person breathes inside a plastic bag filled with helium, unconsciousness will occur almost immediately, and death will ensue in minutes.
Dr Nitschke said the suicide device will prolong the lives of the terminally ill by making them feel in control of their future. "That idea of giving people access to a means of feeling that they're back in control of this issue is actually a way of prolonging life. It may seem paradoxical, but what we find is when people feel that they're back in control, they're less likely to do desperate things in desperate ways and people are always doing desperate things in desperate ways and ending their lives."

</doc>
<doc id="20753189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753189" title="Nivison">
Nivison

Nivison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20753194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753194" title="Jim Williams (news anchor)">
Jim Williams (news anchor)

Jim Williams (born February 4, 1957) is a weekend news anchor for WBBM-TV in Chicago.
Early life and education.
A native of Chicago's South Side, Williams graduated from Kenwood High School in Chicago's Hyde Park neighborhood. He earned a bachelor's degree in media management from Columbia College in Chicago.
Professional career.
Williams began his broadcasting career as a part-time news film librarian at WGN-TV in Chicago. Over the years, he was promoted to be a writer, producer and eventually, a reporter at WGN-TV in Chicago. In 1988, he was formally promoted from a newswriter and program producer to being an on-air general-assignment reporter. In all, Williams spent 15 years at WGN before leaving the station for a job in city government in 1992.
From 1992 until 1997, Williams was the press secretary for Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley, helping to create city government's first television magazine show, called "Chicago Works!" and also representing the city during the 1996 Democratic National Convention. In June 1997, Williams joined ABC News as a Chicago-based correspondent.
In 2000, Williams was a finalist to replace Lester Holt as a principal news anchor at WBBM-TV, according to a November 15, 2002 article in the Chicago Sun-Times.
Williams left ABC News in June 2001 as part of a companywide downsizing. In late 2001, Williams rejoined WGN-TV as a free-lance, per diem reporter. He remained in that position until 2002.
In December 2002, Williams joined WBBM-TV as a general assignment reporter. He became a weekend morning news anchor at WBBM in mid-2003. He became the station's weekend evening news anchor in January 2006. He briefly became a weekday morning news anchor in 2008, but in September 2008 returned to co-anchoring weekend evenings with Mai Martinez.
Personal.
Williams has a daughter, Christina.

</doc>
<doc id="20753196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753196" title="Quân Đội Nhân Dân">
Quân Đội Nhân Dân

Quân đội nhân dân (Vietnamese for "People's Army") is a Vietnamese newspaper headquartered in Hanoi. It is under the authority of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of Vietnam and the Ministry of Defense. It is published in English and Vietnamese languages.
It was established as a revolutionary newspaper with the name "Vệ quốc quân" during the First Indochina War and later changed its name to Quân đội nhân dân.

</doc>
<doc id="20753224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753224" title="Bromus catharticus">
Bromus catharticus

Bromus catharticus is a species of brome grass known by the common name rescuegrass. 
It is native to South America but it can be found in other places, including Europe, Australia and North America, as an introduced species. It is an annual or perennial grass growing up to a meter in height. The inflorescence is made up of spreading spikelets, the upper ones erect and the lower ones nodding or drooping. Each spikelet is very flat and pointed, the fruits tipped with short awns.

</doc>
<doc id="20753225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753225" title="Woodstock Ballpark">
Woodstock Ballpark

Woodstock Ballpark is a description of a new stadium in Woodstock, Illinois, that is currently in the planning stages. It will be primarily used for baseball and will be the home of the McHenry County K-Nines that will begin play in the Frontier League for the 2011 season. The ballpark will have a capacity of 6,500 spectators and open in The Future.

</doc>
<doc id="20753228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753228" title="Boston University Photonics Center">
Boston University Photonics Center

The Boston University Photonics Center is a building and research center owned by Boston University. The 10-floor building opened in June 1997, finished at a cost of $78.4 million. The center specializes in developing and commercializing new products for the photonics industry, spanning the fields of biomedical engineering, nanoscience, physics, astronomy, and chemistry. The two lowest floors include classroom and lab spaces used by the College of Engineering; a number of engineering faculty also have their offices and research labs in the building.
The Photonics Center is located adjacent to the 8-lane Mass Pike and the busy Framingham/Worcester commuter rail line, which create noise and vibration that unmitigated would be disruptive to lectures and experiments. The steel frame of the building is founded on a reinforced concrete mat to minimize vibrations, while the above ground windows have a 1-inch airspace between window panes to block ambient sound from the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20753245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753245" title="Stratavarious">
Stratavarious

Stratavarious is an album by Ginger Baker, the drummer from Cream, released by Polydor in 1972. Baker had many associations with an eclectic mix of musicians brought together under numerous band titles bearing his surname. "Stratavarious" is the only album which was released under the name of "Ginger Baker" without other associated names. The lineup on "Stratavarious" includes Bobby Tench, vocalist and guitarist from The Jeff Beck Group, who plays guitar under the pseudonym "Bobby Gass" and the Nigerian pioneer of Afrobeat, Fela Ransome-Kuti who appeared at concerts with Baker at this time.
The album was re-issued in 1998 on Polygram in the UK, Atco in USA, and RSO in Japan, under the title of "Do What You Like", along with tracks from Ginger Baker's Air Force and Live! (Fela Kuti album).
Personnel.
The following musicians contributed to the album 

</doc>
<doc id="20753292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753292" title="A Caddy for Daddy">
A Caddy for Daddy

A Caddy for Daddy is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on December 18, 1965 and released on the Blue Note label in 1966. It features performances by Mobley with Lee Morgan, Curtis Fuller, McCoy Tyner, Bob Cranshaw and Billy Higgins.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "For this CD, which is a straight reissue of a 1965 session, Mobley is joined by trumpeter Lee Morgan, trombonist Curtis Fuller, pianist McCoy Tyner, bassist Bob Cranshaw, and drummer Billy Higgins (a typically remarkable Blue Note lineup) for the infectious title cut, three other lesser-known but superior originals, plus Wayne Shorter's "Venus Di Mildew." Recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="20753300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753300" title="The Cambridge History of Ancient China">
The Cambridge History of Ancient China

The Cambridge History of Ancient China: From the Origins of Civilization to 221 BC is a book edited by Michael Loewe and Edward L. Shaughnessy, published by Cambridge University Press in 1999.
This book provides a survey of the institutional and cultural history of China up to the unification of the country by Qin Shi Huang in 221 BC. It was published as an independent volume complementing the 15-volume work "The Cambridge History of China". 
Fourteen specialists on early Chinese history including Robert Bagley, Kwang-chih Chang, Cho-yun Hsu, David Keightley, Mark Edward Lewis, David S. Nivison, and Jessica Rawson contributed to the book.

</doc>
<doc id="20753314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753314" title="Freedom House (Roxbury, Massachusetts)">
Freedom House (Roxbury, Massachusetts)

Freedom House is a nonprofit community-based organization in Roxbury, Massachusetts (a neighborhood of Boston). Freedom House is located in an area sometimes referred to as "Grove Hall" that lies along Blue Hill Ave. at the border between the Roxbury and Dorchester neighborhoods of Boston. Although it was historically identified with Roxbury, Freedom House currently refers to itself as being located either in Dorchester or in Grove Hall.
Mission.
The mission of Freedom House is to promote economic self-sufficiency and social justice for residents in historically underserved neighborhoods through targeted educational development, increased civic and political engagement and progressive cultural advocacy.
History.
Freedom House was founded in 1949 as a center of civil rights and advocacy for Boston's African American community. The founders were the social workers (and married couple) Otto P. and Muriel S. Snowden. The initial goal of Freedom House was to centralize community activism in the fight for neighborhood improvement, good schools, and harmony among racial, ethnic, and religious groups in Roxbury (a neighborhood of Boston), Massachusetts. Criticized in the 1960s by black militants for taking a "self-help" approach to racial equality, Freedom House re-examined its mission, and went on to play an increasingly critical role in the struggle for civil rights in Boston, especially during the period of desegregation of Boston's public schools. 
Freedom House's original location was at 151 Humboldt Street in Roxbury. In 1952, It moved to 14 Crawford Street on the Grove Hall section of Roxbury. On the night of January 31, 1960, a fire destroyed the Crawford Street facility. A rebuilding campaign ensued, and Boston Mayor John F. Collins was the first to "buy a brick" to help in this effort. The rebuilt facility opened on 1961 and remains the current home of the organization.
In 1984, Muriel and Otto Snowden retired as co-directors. A number of directors have served since then; the Executive Director is currently the Snowden's daughter, Gail Snowden.
In 1996, Freedom House considered merging with other community organizations, although in the end it decided not to do so.
Activities.
The initial focus of the organization was on urban renewal; neighborhood improvement programs designed to protect Upper Roxbury from urban blight began in 1949 when Freedom House helped to organize neighborhood clean-up projects and playground construction. Concerned over the escalating number of bars in the neighborhood, Freedom House led the community in an effort to reduce the number of new and renewed applications for liquor licenses.
Early programming also focused on strengthening relations between the African American and Jewish residents of Upper Roxbury. An interracial preschool, one of few in the city, was established and Freedom House participated in a Black-Jewish Roundtable fostering business ties and friendships between black and Jewish entrepreneurs.
In the area of education, Freedom House administered Project Reach, supported by a private donation, which gave scholarship funds for minority students to go to college. Freedom House also provided scholarship counseling. A travel/study program provided scholarships for high school students to study in Europe for the summer. In the years before court-ordered desegregation, Freedom House also raised money to support Operation Exodus, a voluntary desegregation project that bused predominantly African American students from overcrowded schools in Roxbury and Dorchester to predominantly white, underenrolled schools in other parts of Boston. In 1966, Operation Exodus discontinued busing children. The Metropolitan Council for Educational Opportunity (METCO) began to busing Boston children between the city and suburban schools on a voluntary basis. Exodus bused children within the City of Boston while METCO was a separate program of urban and suburban exchange.
School desegregation was court-ordered in Boston in 1974, and in that year, the Freedom House Institute on Schools and Education was established. The Institute began as a means of information dissemination to African-American families, as well as to ensure the safety of school children being bused to neighborhoods attempting to block the desegregation order. The Institute grew to become a locus of community action, offering tutoring and teacher training, and providing a forum for communication between families and city administrators.
In the area of employment, Freedom House held job fairs, including Boston's first job fair for minorities, and promoted affirmative action. They raised money for college scholarships for black students and for study programs in Africa. They even established a credit union.
Freedom House has often acted as a forum and meeting place for the community, in times of grief as well as in times of celebration. The Center has held galas, fashion shows and tea parties to raise money for causes that it supported, celebrated the anniversaries and birthdays of notables like Edward Brooke, an African-American U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, and held Christmas and Halloween parties for children. More than 500 residents attended a mass meeting at Freedom House after the murder of 16 year-old Daniela Saunders in 1963. 
Currently, Freedom House programs focus on education, technology, and leadership development. Freedom House provides tutoring for the MCAS (Mass. school achievement tests), access to a computer lab, and technology training. Freedom House also works with other organizations and the City of Boston to lower the dropout rate in Boston's high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20753316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753316" title="The Passenger (TV series)">
The Passenger (TV series)

The Passenger (抉擇) is a TVB television series, premiered on May 28, 1979. Theme song "The Passenger" (抉擇) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by George Lam.

</doc>
<doc id="20753322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753322" title="PanaPress">
PanaPress

PanaPress or Pana or PanAfrican News Agency is an African news agency. It has its headquarters in Dakar Senegal. It was founded on 20 July 1979 in Addis Ababa by the Organisation of African Unity and was relaunched by the UNESCO in 1993. It provides news in English, French, Portuguese, and Arabic. PanaPress works in collaboration with UNESCO.
Pan-African News Agency (PANA)
Also referred to as Agence d'information panafricaine (AIPA) and Agence panafricaine d'information (API).
HISTORY AND PRESENT STATUS
It was founded on 20 July 1979 in Addis Ababa, with the adoption of a convention by African Ministers of Information. PANA took over the activities of the Union des agences d'informations Africaines, which had been set up in April 1963 in Tunis.
PANA was officially inaugurated and commenced news agency activities on 25 May 1983. PANA is a specialised agency of the Organization of African Unity (OAU) and has its headquarters in Dakar, Senegal, with regional offices in Khartoum, Sudan; Lusaka, Zambia; Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo; Lagos, Nigeria; and Tripoli, Libya.
RELEVANT TREATIES/PROTOCOLS ETC
OAU Charter 
The OAU Charter was adopted on 23 May 1963. South Africa was admitted to the OAU on 23 May 1994 and the OAU Charter became binding on South Africa on that same date.
PANA Convention 
GENERAL COMMENTS
All member states of the OAU are members of PANA. South African officially became a member of PANA after becoming a member of the OAU on 23 May 1994. The Seventh Ordinary Session of the Conference of African Ministers of Information took place at Sun City in October 1994. This was the first time that an OAU-related activity took place on South African soil
http://www.dfa.gov.za/foreign/Multilateral/africa/pana.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20753324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753324" title="South Australian state election, 1938">
South Australian state election, 1938

State elections were held in Australia on 19 March 1938. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League government led by Premier of South Australia Richard L. Butler defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Andrew Lacey. This election saw the start of the Playmander. It consisted of rural districts enjoying a 2-to-1 advantage in the state parliament, even though they contained less than half of the population, as well as a change from multiple member to single member electorates, and the number of MPs in the lower house was reduced from 46 to 39. Labor remained out of power until the 1965 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20753356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753356" title="Conflict (1978 TV series)">
Conflict (1978 TV series)

Conflict (奮鬥) is a TVB television series, premiered on October 2, 1978. Theme song "Conflict" (奮鬥) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Jenny Tseng.

</doc>
<doc id="20753365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753365" title="San Juan de la Maguana (volleyball club)">
San Juan de la Maguana (volleyball club)

San Juan is the top female volleyball team of San Juan de la Maguana.
History.
The team was found in 2007.
Current volleyball squad.
"As of December 2008"
Coach: Ruddi A. Valdéz
Assistant coach: Miqueas Moreta
Palmares.
National competition.
National league

</doc>
<doc id="20753376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753376" title="All-call">
All-call

An All-Call is sometimes an automated phone notification system that will quickly call individuals with a recorded message in the event of a weather-related school closing [http://www.viennahighschool.com/allcallsysteminformation.htm] or emergency situation, for example.

</doc>
<doc id="20753398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753398" title="Ames almanack">
Ames almanack

Ames' Almanack (almanac) was the first almanac printed in the British North American colonies. While Benjamin Franklin's Poor Richard's Almanac is the one often mentioned in contemporary history classes, at the time Ames' Almanack enjoyed a much larger readership. Franklin's publication had a circulation of 10,000 copies, while Ames' Almanack had a circulation of 60,000.
Authors.
Nathaniel Ames, a second generation colonial American, established and wrote Ames' Almanac. Ames was only seventeen when the first almanac was printed. The family also owned Ames Tavern and often advertised the establishment in the almanac. Upon Ames' death in 1764, his son, also Nathaniel, began writing the almanac. He continued to print the almanac until 1775. The younger Nathaniel strongly supported the antifederalist cause, which contrasted to his brother, the prominent Federalist congressman Fisher Ames. Based on a correspondence between Ames and Roger Sherman, it appears that Sherman wrote some of the mathematical portions of the almanac in 1753.
Intellectual Property.
With no real intellectual property enforcement, readers frequently copied the almanac for others. This led to bickering among printers as to who published the genuine edition of Ames' Almanack forcing Ames to certify by card as to the original version.
Legacy.
Ames wrote during a time of a growing national concept of 'America' and not that of the traditional political conception of 'state' (in Ames' case Massachusetts). The growing conception of a national 'American' entity was reflected and propagated by the annual almanacs. By 1775, the almanac published a manual on how to make gunpowder so that every man could supply himself "with a sufficiency of that commodity." As the American Revolution started in 1775, there was a severe gunpowder shortage in Boston. As George Washington wrote to Congress, the Continental Army was "exceedingly destitute" of the material.
Ames took a stand on the religious Great Awakening running through the colonies in the early 18th century. The Great Awakening challenged the traditional authority of the congregationalist church. George Whitefield, an English evangelist, created controversy in the colonies with his Great Awakening sermons. In 1741, Ames satirized critics of Whitefield in "To the Scoffers at Mr. Whitefield's Preaching." Four years later, Whitefield came to Ames' hometown of Dedham to give one of his sermons.
The same format used in Ames' Almanack was implemented by the Old Farmer's Almanac the popular annual publication in existence since 1792. This includes the following: page headings with the corresponding zodiac sign; left margin noting movable feasts, lines from a poem relevant to that month; phases of the moon; weather predictions; and anniversaries.
Some early colonists used the blank pages of the almanac to keep personal diaries. Their memories are interlaced within the annual almanacs. The American Antiquarian Society collection in Worcester, Massachusetts holds at least two of these diaries, including that of Reverend Thomas Balch (1759). Ebenezer Gay, a pastor at the Church at Hingham in Hingham, Massachusetts similarly recorded his visits to Boston and days of prayer in his copy of the Ames Almanack.

</doc>
<doc id="20753401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753401" title="A Slice of the Top">
A Slice of the Top

A Slice of the Top is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 18, 1966 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1979. It features performances by Mobley with Lee Morgan, Kiane Zawadi, Howard Johnson, James Spaulding, McCoy Tyner, Bob Cranshaw and Billy Higgins with arrangements by Duke Pearson. On the original LP, Reggie Workman was mistakenly identified as the bassist.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "Mobley, who continued to evolve into a more advanced player throughout the 1960s, fits right in with such adventurous players as altoist James Spaulding, trumpeter Lee Morgan (with whom Mobley recorded frequently), pianist McCoy Tyner, bassist Reggie Workman and drummer Billy Higgins. The inclusion of Kiane Zawadi on euphonium and Howard Johnson on tuba adds a lot of color to this memorable outing.".

</doc>
<doc id="20753405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753405" title="Ņivņiki">
Ņivņiki

Ņivņiki is a town located in Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="20753407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753407" title="Herb Ringer">
Herb Ringer

Herb Ringer (July 15, 1913 – December 11, 1998) was an amateur photographer who chronicled the rural and wilderness areas of the Western United States and Canada.
Ringer was born in Brooklyn, New York. Not long after, the Ringer family moved to the Mt. Auburn section of Cincinnati.
Ringer moved to Reno, Nevada in 1939, and began his lifelong practice of traveling to explore the west, making journal entries about his travels while taking what are now estimated to be almost 10,000 photographs. Ringer from the start used 35 mm cameras but later bought a camera taking 120 film; he was an early and consistent user of Kodachrome color film.
When in 1989 Jim Stiles began publishing the "Canyon Country Zephyr" (motto: "Clinging Hopelessly to the Past Since 1989") in Moab, Utah, among the regular features were Ringer's photos and his recollections of the west in the earlier twentieth century. Although Ringer died on December 11, 1998, his photos and memories continue to be a regular feature of the "Zephyr" and its website.
A section of the documentary "Brave New West" from High Plains Films includes footage of Ringer shot in the late 80s and early 90s. In the film, Stiles sums up the uniqueness of Ringer's photography: "While a tourist might take a picture of Grand Arch, Herb would take a photo of the tourist taking the photo of Grand Arch. He was a true archivist of the changing West."

</doc>
<doc id="20753408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753408" title="South Australian state election, 1941">
South Australian state election, 1941

State elections were held in Australia on 29 March 1941. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League government led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Robert Richards.

</doc>
<doc id="20753441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753441" title="Vanity Fair (1978 TV series)">
Vanity Fair (1978 TV series)

Vanity Fair (大亨) is a TVB television series, premiered on January 2, 1978. Theme song "Vanity Fair" (大亨) composition by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, arrangement by Joseph Koo and Choi Tak Choi, sung by Paula Tsui.

</doc>
<doc id="20753456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753456" title="Briģi">
Briģi

Brigi is a village located in Brigi parish, Ludza municipality, Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="20753462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753462" title="Estadio La Peineta">
Estadio La Peineta

Estadio La Peineta, officially known as Estadio Olímpico de Madrid, is a stadium in Madrid, Spain. It is currently under reconstruction in order to become the new stadium of the football club Atlético Madrid. The stadium will replace Vicente Calderón Stadium as the home of Atlético in the summer of 2016. 
The stadium had a capacity of 20,000 spectators, but after the reconstruction will be expanded the stadium to 67,500 spectators. It is accessed by "Estadio Olímpico station" of Line 7 of the Madrid Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="20753473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753473" title="Final Copa Mustang 2008-II">
Final Copa Mustang 2008-II

The final of the 2008-II Copa Mustang was played between Independiente Medellín and América de Cali. The first leg match was won by América de Cali by an early goal in the second half. At the second leg match, América de Cali were crowned champions of the 2008-II Copa Mustang championship, giving them the chance to participate in the Copa Libertadores 2009 (same way to Independiente Medellín and giving them the championship for the thirteenth time in their history.

</doc>
<doc id="20753502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753502" title="REC 2">
REC 2

REC 2 (stylized as 2) is a 2009 Spanish horror film sequel to 2007's "REC" and the second installment of the "REC" series. The film was written and directed by Jaume Balagueró and Paco Plaza, both of whom returned from the previous film. The story takes place immediately after the events of the first film. 
The film was followed by .
Plot.
Dr. Owen (Jonathan Mellor), an official from the Ministry of Health, and a GEO team equipped with helmet-mounted video cameras are sent into a quarantined apartment building to control the situation. After encountering some of the infected, Owen uses religious mantra and rosary to fight them off. It turns out that Owen is actually a priest sent by the Vatican to get a blood sample from a possessed girl named Tristana Medeiros and aid the other priest in charge of her.
When they get to the penthouse, they find out that the infected can travel all around the building through the air ducts. Tristana is nowhere to be found. Larra (Ariel Casas), one of the GEO officers, goes into the air duct and finds a sample of her blood – the only one that the original priest took from her. Owen then performs a religious rite, and the blood spontaneously combusts, confirming that it is the blood he's looking for; however, the rest of the blood also sets on fire and Fernandez, commanding officer of the GEO team drops it, rendering it useless. Owen tells them that they must get a blood sample from Tristana herself.
Jennifer's father (Pep Molina), who was outside getting medicine for his daughter (the infected Jennifer from the first installment), manages to convince a firefighter to take him into the building. Moments before the building is quarantined, three teenagers named Tito (Pau Poch), Mire (Andrea Ros) and Ori are messing around on a roof. When the police seal off the building, they find them and escort them out to the street. The teenagers gain access to the building through the sewage system; however, police have seen them and seal their exit. Inside, the teenagers find Jennifer's father and the firefighter.
After some deaths from attacks by the possessed, the two groups find each other. Tito gets bitten by the infected, and they restrain him and lock Mire and Ori in a room. Then the group finds Ángela Vidal (Manuela Velasco), the reporter from "REC", who still has her camera with her. Owen then forces Tito to tell him where Tristana Medeiros is. The demon possessing Tito tells him that she is "in the highest." Owen figures out that this means that she is in the penthouse. The GEO team leader argues that they had already cleared that area and did not see anything. The demon then gives a hint that the "light" blinds them from seeing the path. When Ángela is asked how she saw Tristana, she says she saw her through the camera's night vision. Owen deduces that some things can only be seen in the dark.
They go back to the penthouse. When they turn on the camera's night vision, a door appears that leads them to a room. They find a tub filled with water that cannot be seen when the lights are on. While Fernandez investigates it, Tristana leaps out of the water and drags him in. They turn the lights on only to witness that he and Tristana had disappeared. They turn the lights off again and try to remain silent not to alarm Tristana. After Owen's radio starts producing noises, Tristana attacks them and after some struggling, Ángela blows her head off with a shotgun. Owen is enraged because he needed the blood sample, but all Ángela wants to do is leave the building. At this point, the only survivors left are Ángela, Owen, and Rosso (Pablo Rosso), a GEO officer. When Owen refuses to authorize their exit, Ángela starts to beat him to force him to do so. Rosso tells her to stop, but she shoots and kills him. Then it is revealed that Tristana has possessed Ángela, so she can leave the darkness she was trapped in, and consequently the building. After telling Owen that she does not need him to get out as she can impersonate his voice, she kills him. She takes his radio and, using Owen's voice, says that the mission is over and that they can let them out. She also tells them that he is staying behind because he is infected and the only survivor is a woman, Ángela. When asked how the woman survived, the demonic Ángela looks at the camera and smiles.
The ending of the first film is shown, but extended to reveal how the demon possessed Ángela, who went into hiding as Owen and the GEO team broke into the penthouse earlier in the film.
Production.
Following the success of "REC", Jaume Balagueró and Paco Plaza signed on for a sequel. Principal photography began on 10 November 2008 and wrapped in December 2008. The film reunites the directors with many of the original cast and crew members of the previous film. It was shot in Barcelona over six weeks.
Release.
The film premiered at the 66th Venice International Film Festival, out of competition. It was also shown at the Midnight Madness portion of the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival, as well as the 2009 Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas, and the 2009 Sitges Film Festival. It went on general release in Spain the first weekend of October, going to No. 1 in the Spanish box office and achieving the best opening weekend of the year for a Spanish film.
"REC 2" was released in New Zealand theaters by Vendetta Films on 13 November 2009. The marketing budget for the film, NZ$7500, was used to create a website, where the remaining $5000 marketing budget would be given away to the member of the public who was judged responsible for the most good publicity generated for the release of the film. Sony Pictures Home Entertainment will release the film on DVD in October 2010. In March 2010 Magnolia Pictures acquired the rights for the US market and will screen the film in a theatrical release in July 2010. The distributor Magnolia pictures will screen the film on Video on Demand platforms on 4 June 2010 and released the film only on DVD. Magnolia has the film set with a release on 9 July 2010 and released on 30 March 2010 the UK trailer.
The film was released on 28 May 2010 in the UK. It is part of the Terror in the Aisles 4 at the Portage Theater in Chicago, Illinois.
Reception.
"REC 2" received generally positive reviews with a "fresh" 69% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 61 reviews. Some critics have given the film praise: "Little White Lies" gave the film 4/5 and called it "The greatest zombie sequel since "Dawn of the Dead"". "Empire" also awarded the film 4 stars, saying: "Here’s a horror juddering with such in-your-face malevolent energy, it’s like being caught in a first-person shooter possessed by the devil". However, the "Daily Mirror" awarded the film 2 stars, and reviewer David Edwards stated it was "a bit of a Wk."
Sequels.
On 3 May 2010, Bloody Disgusting announced that "...Filmax will produce two new "films in the next couple of years called "[REC Genesis" and "Apocalypse" with the same directors as the first two films." "Genesis" was released on March 30, 2012, and centers on an outbreak in a distant location from the original apartment building, also having prequel elements. " Apocalypse" will end the saga with the infection spreading to unknown proportions. Jaume Balagueró confirmed the movie for a release date on October 14, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20753511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753511" title="Cache invalidation">
Cache invalidation

Cache invalidation is a process whereby entries in a cache are deleted. It can be done explicitly, as part of a cache coherence protocol in a parallel computer. In such a case, a compute node changes a variable and then invalidates the cached values of that variable across the rest of the computer system.

</doc>
<doc id="20753512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753512" title="South Australian state election, 1944">
South Australian state election, 1944

State elections were held in Australia on 29 April 1944. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League government led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Robert Richards. Compulsory voting was introduced at this election.

</doc>
<doc id="20753569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753569" title="South Australian state election, 1947">
South Australian state election, 1947

State elections were held in Australia on 8 March 1947. All 39 seats in the South Australian House of Assembly were up for election. The incumbent Liberal and Country League government led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Robert Richards.

</doc>
<doc id="20753581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753581" title="Australasian Figbird">
Australasian Figbird

The Australasian Figbird ("Sphecotheres vieilloti") is a conspicuous medium-sized passerine bird native to a wide range of wooded habitats in northern and eastern Australia, southern Papua New Guinea, and the Kai Islands in Indonesia. It was formerly considered a subspecies of "S. viridis", then simply referred to as the Figbird (a name still commonly used in Australia, where the Australasian Figbird is the only figbird). It is common in large parts of its range, and occurs in numerous protected areas. Consequently, it is rated as Least Concern by BirdLife International and IUCN.
Taxonomy.
Traditionally, all figbirds have been considered part of a single species, "S. viridis", but all recent major authorities recognize three species, the Australasian Figbird ("S. viieilloti"), the Timor Figbird ("S. viridis") and the Wetar Figbird. The split is primarily based on differences in measurements and plumage, and on biogeography. Additionally, the Australasian Figbird has sometimes been split into two separate species, the northern Yellow Figbird ("S. flaviventris") and the Green or Southern Figbird ("S. vieilloti"), but the two intergrade widely where they come into contact, supporting the view that they are part of a single biological species.
The Australasian Figbird has five subspecies, in taxonomic order:
Description.
The Australasian Figbird has a total length of 27-29,5 cm (10½-11½ in), and a jizz comparable to that of other orioles. It is sexually dimorphic, and the racial differences are almost entirely limited to the male. Males of all subspecies have a black tail with broad white tips to the outer rectrices, white crissum, blackish primaries, a black head, distinct bright red facial skin, a black bill with a red base, and pinkish legs. In the nominate subspecies, the body is largely olive-green, and the throat, neck and chest are grey. The subspecies "cucullatus", "ashbyi" and "flaviventris" are yellowish olive-green above, and bright yellow below (including throat). The last subspecies, "salvadorii", resembles previous, but with a grey throat, collar and chest similar to the nominate subspecies, thereby giving it an intermediate appearance not unlike some hybrids between nominate and "flaviventris" in Australia.
Females are drab-coloured, being dull brownish above, and white below with strong dark streaking. They have greyish facial skin, and a greyish-black bill. Juveniles resemble females, but the streaking below is typically not as strong. The other orioles in its range, the Brown and Olive-backed Orioles, are superficially similar, but have entirely red bills when adult.
Australasian Figbirds make a large number of different short calls, and are also able to mimic the voice of other birds, for example parrots and other species of orioles. The song consists of a series of simple whistles.
Behaviour.
As suggested by their name, Australasian Figbirds are largely frugivorous, but also take small insects, nectar and small seeds. While largely a resident species (although the southern population may be migratory), it is nomadic in response to the availability of food.
Unlike most orioles, Australasian Figbirds are gregarious, often forming flocks of 20 to 40 birds during the non-breeding season, and even breeding in small, loose colonies. The flimsy saucer-shaped nest is made from plant-material, and usually placed relatively high in a tree. The clutch of 2-4 eggs is incubated by both sexes, and typically hatches after 16–17 days. It has been recorded nesting near the aggressive Spangled Drongo and Helmeted Friarbird, possibly gaining an advantage as they keep potential nest-predators away. Australasian Figbirds sometimes fall victim to nest parasitism by Pacific Koels.
<br style="clear:both">

</doc>
<doc id="20753584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753584" title="Arthur Morris with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948">
Arthur Morris with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948

Arthur Morris was a key member of Donald Bradman's famous Australian cricket team, which toured England in 1948. The Australians went undefeated in their 34 matches; this unprecedented feat by a Test side touring England earned them the sobriquet "The Invincibles".
A left-handed opening batsman, Morris played in all five Tests, partnering the right-handed Sid Barnes in three Tests—Barnes was injured for the other two Tests. As one of three on-tour selectors, Morris was a member of the leadership group along with Bradman and vice-captain Lindsay Hassett.
Morris ended the first-class tour with 1,922 runs at a batting average of 71.18 including seven centuries, recording the second highest aggregate behind Bradman. Morris' s form peaked in the Test series; he headed the runscoring aggregates and averages for all players with 696 runs at 87.00, and was the only player to compile three Test centuries. In the Second Test at Lord's, Morris struck 105 to set up Australia's first innings of 350 and eventual win. He scored 182 on a deteriorating pitch on the final day of the Fourth Test at Headingley, combining for a triple-century partnership with Bradman. Australia scored 3/404 in the second innings to win by seven wickets, setting a world record for the highest successful run-chase in Test history. In the Fifth Test at The Oval, Morris scored 196, more than half of Australia's 389 as the tourists went on to win by an innings.
Based on his performance during the tour of England, "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" named
Morris as one of their Cricketers of the Year in 1949. They described him as "one of the world's best left-hand batsmen".
Background.
During the Australian season of 1947–48, which preceded the tour of England, Morris played in the first four Tests against the touring Indians, scoring 45 and an unbeaten 100 in the Third Test victory in Melbourne. He was omitted for the Fifth Test because the selectors wanted to trial other candidates for the 1948 tour of England. Morris ended the series with 209 runs at a batting average of 52.25, making him the third highest scorer as Australia won 4–0. During the series, he had opened with both Bill Brown, the veteran who had been a mainstay of Australian teams of the 1930s, and New South Wales teammate Sid Barnes. The Australian selectors chose Brown for the first two Tests against the Indians, but he struggled and made only 18 and 11—Australia batted once in both Tests—and was then dropped for Barnes, who made only 12 and 15 in the Third Test. Retained for the Fourth Test, Barnes made 112 in an Australian victory. Morris—whose place was secure—was rested for the Fifth Test to give Brown another chance to show that he was worthy of selection. Barnes made 33 while Brown made 99 run out as Australia completed a 4–0 series win. In the end, all three were selected for the England tour. As specialist opening batsmen, the trio were competing for the two opening positions in Bradman's first-choice team.
Morris—recently appointed co-captain of New South Wales—greatly impressed Australian captain Don Bradman, to the extent that Bradman made himself, Morris and vice-captain Lindsay Hassett the three on-tour selectors for the 1948 visit to England. Morris was a key part of Bradman's inner circle during the planning of the tour. Bradman had long harboured an ambition to tour England without losing a match; his team would become the first to achieve this feat, earning themselves the sobriquet, "The Invincibles".
Early tour.
Morris marked his first-class debut on English soil in the opening match of the tour, against Worcestershire. After the hosts had batted first and made 233, Morris stroked with a fluent 138 (including 19 fours) from 275 minutes. He put on an opening stand of 79 with Sid Barnes, before adding 186 for the second wicket with Bradman. Australia declared at 8/462 before completing an innings victory. Morris and Bradman's scoring matched one another during their partnership and both were close to being the first Australian century-maker on the tour. The former was on 95 and took three runs to move to 98, before Bradman hit consecutive fours to progress from 91 to 99. The Australian captain failed to score for the rest of the over, so Morris took the strike in the next over and reached his century before Bradman followed suit. After reaching triple figures, Morris added his last 38 runs in 50 minutes. Morris’s role indicated his standing alongside Barnes as a first-choice opener, as Australia customarily selected its strongest team for the tour opener. The third opener taken on tour, Bill Brown, played out of position in the middle order.
Morris was rested from the second tour match, which was against Leicestershire; Bradman’s team won by an innings. He returned against Yorkshire, and in a low-scoring match on a damp pitch favouring slower bowling, made 17 and three as Australia won by only four wickets. The match saw 324 runs scored for the loss of 35 wickets and a top-score of only 34. Morris’s 17 in the first innings was actually the fourth highest score for the entire match. The match was the closest Australia came to defeat for the whole tour; the tourists were 6/31 in pursuit of the target of 60, with effectively only three wickets in hand because Sam Loxton was injured and unable to bat. The Australians travelled to London to play Surrey at The Oval. In the first hour of play, Australia's openers played solidly and rarely missed a ball. Morris scored 65 as he and Barnes put on an opening stand of 136, which laid the foundation for Australia's 632. The tourists went on to win the match by an innings. In the next fixture, Morris managed only 26 as Australia piled on 4/414 declared against Cambridge University. Morris bowled for the first time on tour, sending down five wicketless overs for 11 runs as Australia completed their second innings victory in succession.
Morris was rested as Australia crushed Essex by an innings and 451 runs, their largest winning margin for the summer. During the match, the Australian batsmen set a world record by scoring 721 runs on the first day, a new world record for the most runs in one day of first-class cricket. Morris returned for the innings victory against Oxford University, putting on an opening stand of 138 with Brown before being run out for 64. Former Australian Test batsman Jack Fingleton reported that Hubert Webb "brilliantly ran out Morris from the boundary with a throw over the stumps". Australia amassed 431 and won completed their fourth consecutive innings victory. In the hosts' second innings, Morris took his first wicket of the tour, bowling Indian Test batsman Abdul Hafeez Kardar to end with 1/6 from three overs.
The next match was against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically a full strength Test team, while Australia fielded their strongest possible team. Morris and Barnes retained their positions at the top of the order, while Brown played out of position in the middle order. It was a chance to players from both sides to gain a psychological advantage ahead of the Tests, but Morris looked uncomfortable, managing only five as Australia amassed 552 and enforced the follow on to win by an innings. In the MCC’s second innings, Morris caught Jim Laker from the bowling of Colin McCool. The Lord’s fixture was followed by Australia's first non-victory of the tour, which was against Lancashire. Morris continued to struggle, making five and 22, falling twice to England Test paceman Dick Pollard, In the drawn match against Nottinghamshire, Morris continued his form slump, making 16 in the tourists' only innings.
Morris found batting difficult for the first few weeks of the tour, as he struggled to adapt to the unfamiliar batting conditions. He reached 50 only twice in the nine innings after the Worcestershire match, totalling only 223 runs at 24.77; Morris sometimes attempted to drive balls pitched just short of a good length, and if they reared suddenly, he was liable to be caught. Morris was worried about edging the ball to the slips cordon and had become fidgety and shuffled across the crease.
After being rested for the eight-wicket win over Hampshire, Morris rectified his technical problem, and success followed against Sussex. After the hosts had been rolled for 86 in their first innings, Morris dominated an opening partnership of 153 with Brown, who made only 44 before becoming the first man to fall. Morris added a further 189 for the second wicket with Bradman before he fell for 184 at 2/342. He had struck 26 fours, laying the platform for Australia's total of 5/549 declared and eventual innings victory. He was to hit five more first-class centuries before the end of the season.
First Test.
Morris thus headed into the First Test at Trent Bridge with a century under his belt. He held his position at the top of the order along with Barnes, while Brown played out of position in the middle order. Morris bowled three overs for four runs in the first innings as England were bowled out for 165 on the first day after winning the toss and electing to bat. During the innings, Morris took a reflex catch when Godfrey Evans hit a ball strongly, directly to him at short leg to leave England at 7/74.
Australia survived the last 15 minutes on the first evening to reach stumps on 0/17, with Morris on 10. Barnes and Morris took the score to 73 before the latter was bowled by Jim Laker's off spin for 31. Barnes batted confidently, while the hesitant Morris shuffled around the crease. At one stage, Morris scored only seven runs in 55 minutes, During this period, Morris unnecessarily played at a ball outside off stump from seamer Alec Bedser and edged it to wicket-keeper Evans, who dropped the catch. He recomposed himself and hit left arm orthodox spinner Jack Young's first ball—a full toss—for runs as Australia passed 50 without loss. Morris fell when he tried to force a ball from Laker away, but hit it from the middle of his bat into his back pad; the ball rebounded onto the stumps. Australia went on to amass 509, and when England batted again, they lost their third wicket at 150. Joe Hardstaff junior came in, and on the third ball he aimed a cut that went low to second slip, just as he did in the first innings. However, Morris dropped the catch. Hardstaff exploited his second chance to make 43 before falling at 4/243.
Australia eventually bowled England out for 441, leaving them a target of 98 on the final day. Bradman’s openers progressed quickly at the start of the chase. Barnes took 13 runs from the opening over by Bedser, but Morris again lacked fluency. Australia reached 38 from 32 minutes when Bedser bowled Morris for nine, but the tourists steadied to reached their target with eight wickets in hand. After bowling several balls that moved away, Bedser caught out Morris with an inswinger. Morris had developed a habit of trying to defend the ball to the leg side while shuffling towards the off, and was not in a position to deal with a ball that hurried off the pitch. Following the match, Fingleton criticised Morris, feeling that he was shuffling across the crease too much instead of playing from the back foot.
In the match immediately after the First Test, Morris scored 60 against Northamptonshire, putting on 122 runs with Lindsay Hassett as Australian completed an innings win. He was then rested ahead of the Second Test as Australia drew with Yorkshire at Bramall Lane in Sheffield.
Second Test.
In the Second Test at Lord's, Australia elected to bat first and England made an ideal start. The debutant Alec Coxon opened the bowling and removed Barnes for a duck in his second over to leave the tourists at 1/3. England restricted the Australians in the first hour and created several near misses, particularly against Bradman, who nervous early on. In contrast, Morris was playing fluently and scored many runs from the back cut. At the end of the pace bowlers' opening spells, the leg spin of Doug Wright was introduced and Australia cut loose. Wright bowled a no ball that Morris dispatched over the leg side fence for six, before hitting another ball for four. Bradman and Morris settled down as Coxon and Wright operated steadily, although the latter was able to extract substantial spin, hitting Morris in the stomach with a ball that turned in sharply from outside off stump. At lunch, Australia were 1/82 with Morris on 45 and Bradman on 35.
Shortly afterwards, with the score at 87, Bradman was caught for the third consecutive time in Tests in Bedser's leg trap. Len Hutton—who took the catch—had dropped Bradman in the same position when the Australian captain was on 13. At the other end, Morris began to take control. He drove the ball through the covers and clipped it off his pads through the leg side. Morris reached his century with consecutive boundaries from Coxon. Fingleton called the innings "a pretty Test century in the grandest of all cricket settings". This ended a run of poor form for Morris, a period during which he had shuffled uncertainly on the crease without moving forward or back decisively. O'Reilly called it Morris's best Test century to date, as this was the strongest English attack he had faced during his career, and because of the loss of wickets at the other end. O'Reilly said Morris had been disciplined in not playing loose shots outside off stump and missing or edging them, yet still being able to score quickly at every opportunity. Morris was out soon after for 105 from 166 balls, after hitting Coxon to Hutton in the gully to leave Australia at 3/166. His innings included 14 fours and one six, and was noted for powerful, well-placed cover drives. With Morris gone, Australia fell to 7/258 at stumps, before the lower order counterattacked on the second morning and took the total to 350. Bradman’s team took a 135-run lead after dismissing England for 215.
The weather was fine as Australia started their second innings on the third morning. The Australian openers took a cautious approach to begin with, avoiding the hook shot and not playing at balls that were not going to hit the stumps, looking for a solid start. Both openers were given early reprieves. Barnes survived a stumping opportunity when he was 18. Laker came on and induced Morris into hitting an airborne ball back down the pitch, but he was slow to react to the possibility of a caught and bowled. According to O'Reilly, most other bowlers would have been able to reach the ball and attempt a catch. The openers took advantage to combine for an opening stand of 122. Wright came on and again bowled a no ball at the start of his spell, which Morris lofted into the crowd for six. After shuffling around with uncertainty at the start of his innings, Morris began to play more fluently. He was eventually bowled for 62, knocking a ball from Wright onto his stumps. The opening partnership laid the platform for Australia's 7/460 declared, which allowed them to set an imposing target of 596 and win by 409 runs to take a 2–0 series lead.
Morris was rested by Bradman for the second match against Surrey, which started the day after the Test and ended in a ten-wicket victory for the Australians. The following match was against Gloucestershire at Bristol, and in only five hours on the first day, Morris scored his career best of 290. Having lost the first two Tests, England were contemplating changes to their team: Tom Goddard was earmarked to replace Jim Laker as the off spinner after performing strongly in county cricket, while Laker had struggled in the Second Test. The English hoped Goddard would be the strike bowler to cut through Australia's strong batting line-up. Morris's assault ended Goddard's hopes of Test selection. His innings was highlighted by his quick assessment of the length of the ball, followed by decisive footwork. Morris confidently advanced out of the crease when the ball was of a full length to drive and rocked onto the back foot to and cut if Goddard dropped short. Unable to contain Morris, Goddard packed the leg side field and bowled outside leg stump. Morris responded by stepping down the wicket towards the leg side, charging the bowler and repeatedly lofting the ball inside out over the off side. He reached his century before lunch and his 200 by the tea interval. By the time Morris was dismissed, he had struck 40 fours and a six. He put on stands of 102 with Barnes, 136 with Keith Miller and 162 with Neil Harvey before falling with the score at 4/466. Fingleton said "Morris flayed it home team's bowling in all directions", while former English Test paceman Maurice Tate said "Tom is not used to batsmen using their feet to him ... the county batsmen diddle and diddle [shuffle about indecisively instead of quickly moving into position and attacking to him and that gets him many wickets." Australia amassed 5/560 on the first day before declaring at 7/774, their largest score of the tour and the second highest by any Australian team on English soil. Morris took a match total of 1/35 as Australia won by an innings.
Third Test.
Following his effort in Bristol, Morris proceeded to the Third Test at Old Trafford. England batted first and made 363. During the innings, Barnes was hit in the kidneys by a Dick Pollard pull shot while fielding at short leg. When Australia started their first innings reply, Barnes was still recuperating after being carried from the field and taken to hospital for a medical examination.
Having dropped Brown for the Test, Barnes's injury left Australia with only Morris as a specialist opener. Off spinner Ian Johnson was deployed as Australia's makeshift second opener. He was unable to make an impact, as Bedser removed him for one, before Pollard trapped Bradman leg before wicket (lbw) to leave Australia at 2/13. The tourists were pinned down as Pollard bowled 17 consecutive overs from his long run, aiming at leg stump. Pollard was reinforced by Bedser, who bowled unchanged for 90 minutes. Morris and Hassett rebuilt the innings, adding 69 for the third wicket in 101 minutes before the latter fell. Miller joined Morris and the pair took the score to 3/126 at stumps, with the latter—who had been the more sedate in the partnership—on 48.
Australia struggled against the new ball in the first hour of the day three. Miller played and missed three times in one over before being trapped lbw for 31; the tourists added only nine runs in the first hour. Four runs later, Morris reached 51 and fell to Bedser, leaving Australia at 5/139. It had been a slow morning for Morris—he took 21 minutes to add a single to his overnight total and reached 50 after taking another 24 minutes to register his second run of the day. Australia fell for 221, narrowly avoiding the follow on, and England declared at 3/174 on the last morning after many rain delays. This left Bradman’s team with a victory target of 317, but the rain kept falling and the entire morning was lost.
Play finally began after the tea, and the pitch played very slowly because of the excess moisture. As Australia had no intention of chasing the runs, England captain Norman Yardley often installed seven men in close catching positions. In the first half-hour, the tourists showed little attacking intent and scored only six runs. Johnson then fell for six to leave Australia at 1/10. Bradman came to the crease and played 11 balls without scoring while Morris scored two streaky fours from Bedser. Yardley used his spinners for an hour, while Morris and Bradman made little effort to score. For 105 minutes, Morris stayed at one end and Bradman at the other; neither looked to rotate the strike by taking singles. The Australian skipper faced only eight balls from Morris's main end, and at one point was so startled when his partner wanted a single that he sent him back. Thereafter, the tourists batted steadily and defensively to ensure a draw. They ended at 1/92 from 61 overs, a run rate of 1.50, with 35 maidens; this was the slowest innings run rate for the series to date. Morris finished unbeaten on 54, his fourth consecutive half-century during the Test series. The match finally ended after a series of periodic rain interruptions.
Morris struck 109 against Middlesex in the following tour match at Lord’s.The hosts batted first and made 203, and Australia stumbled to 3/53 before Morris combined with Sam Loxton (123) for a 172-run fourth-wicket stand. Australia recovered to reach 317 and went on to a ten-wicket win. Morris's century meant he had amassed 504 runs in just over a week of cricket.
Fourth Test.
The Fourth Test at Headingley in Leeds saw Morris at his finest; England elected to bat and started strongly with 496 in the first innings, their highest score of the series. On a placid pitch, Morris was one of seven bowlers used as Bradman sought a breakthrough; each of the first three wickets put on century partnerships. Bill Edrich hit a long hop from Morris's left arm unorthodox spin to the boundary to reach his century, before Bedser lifted him high over square leg for six. This prompted Bradman to replace Morris after he conceded 20 runs in five overs as England reached 2/423. Edrich was out when he attempted to pull Johnson to the on side in the large gap between mid-on and square leg, but only hit it in the air to Morris, who completed the catch diving forwards at wide mid-on to leave the score at 4/426, before England collapsed to 496.
England took a 38-run lead after Australia replied with 458. Morris contributed only six while batting with vice-captain Lindsay Hassett, who had been promoted from the middle order to open while Barnes was still injured; Bradman had overlooked reserve opener Brown. Morris chipped Bedser in the air to Ken Cranston at mid-wicket to leave Australia at 1/13. Australia slumped to 3/68 before a middle-order fightback took Australia to 458 early on the fourth morning. England declared at 8/365 early on the fifth morning, leaving Australia to chase 404 runs for victory. Batting into the final day allowed Yardley the right to ask the groundsman to use a heavy roller, which would help to break up the wicket and make the surface more likely to spin and bounce unevenly.
At the time, 404 would have been the highest ever fourth innings score to result in a Test victory for the batting side. Australia had only 345 minutes to reach their target, and the local press wrote them off, predicting that they would be dismissed by lunchtime on a deteriorating wicket expected to favour spin bowlers. Morris and Hassett started slowly, scoring only six runs in the first six overs on a pitch offering spin and bounce. It appeared they were playing carefully at first before deciding whether to try to achieve the target at a later point. In Bedser's second over, the third of the innings, Morris chipped the ball in the air towards mid-wicket, in a similar manner to his first innings dismissal, but this time the ball evaded Cranston. After 15 minutes, Australia had only made 0/10.
After Bedser had bowled three overs, Laker replaced him in the seventh over as Yardely attempted to exploit the turning surface, but 13 runs were taken from his first over. Hassett hit a four and took a single to rotate the strike. Later in the over, Morris hit a four, was beaten by a bouncing ball that hurried off the pitch, before striking another boundary. Despite the expensive Laker over, only 44 runs came in the first hour, meaning that the tourists still needed 360 runs from 285 minutes. The crowd heckled the Australian openers for their slow scoring and they applauded ironically after Morris took a single. After his poor first over, Laker had settled down and conceded only two runs from his next six overs, and "was getting at least one ball every over to turn considerably".
In an attempt to exploit the worn surface, Yardley brought on the part-time left-arm unorthodox spin of Compton to partner Laker. The occasional bowler was inaccurate and Morris struck two fours in his first over to bring up Australia's 50 in 64 minutes. However, Compton's deceived Morris—who danced down the pitch and missed the ball—in the next over, but Evans fumbled the stumping opportunity with the batsman on 32 and Australia at 0/55. Laker beat Morris in the following over with an off break that spun a foot, before Compton removed Hassett for 17 with the score at 57.
Bradman joined Morris with 347 runs needed in 271 minutes. The Australian captain signalled his intentions by reaching 12 in only six minutes. Yardley then called upon the occasional leg spin of Hutton in an attempt to exploit the turning wicket. However, Hutton did not bowl regularly so he had trouble in maintaining his consistency. Morris promptly joined Bradman in the counter-attack, hitting three consecutive fours to reach 51 during Hutton's first over, which Fingleton described as "rather terrible" due to the errant length. Bradman took two fours off Hutton's next over before almost hitting a catch. However, the 20 runs from Hutton's two inaccurate overs had allowed Australia to reach 1/96 from 90 minutes.
In the next over, Compton greatly troubled Bradman, who edged two balls and was dropped once. At the other end, Morris continued to take advantage of Hutton's inaccurate leg breaks, and Australia reached lunch at 1/121, with the opener on 63 and his captain on 35. Hutton had conceded 30 runs in four overs, and in the half-hour preceding the interval, Australia had added 64 runs. Although Australia had scored at a reasonable rate, they had also been troubled by many of the deliveries and were expected to face further difficulty if they were to avoid defeat.
Upon resumption, Compton continued as Yardley persisted with his policy of trying to exploit the deteriorating pitch with as much spin as possible. Compton was not a regular bowler and sent down a series of full tosses and long hops that were easily dispatched for runs. Morris struck seven fours in two overs of what Fingleton called "indescribably bad bowling". This sequence included six fours in eight balls. As Morris continued to attack, Compton began to crack under the pressure and his accuracy worsened. Compton had generated trouble for the batsmen by tossing the ball up and beating the bat or inducing edges, but Morris counterattacked with drives. Compton tried to hold back his length to avoid being driven, but the Australian opener pounced on the shorter balls. Morris reached the 90s just 14 minutes after the interval and hit another boundary to reach his century in just over two hours. Morris had added 37 runs since lunch, while Bradman had furthered his total by only three.
The Australian onslaught against the spinners prompted Yardley to take the new ball and replace Compton with his fast men. Bradman reached 50 in 60 minutes and Yardley dropped him soon after. Australia reached 202—halfway to the required total—with 165 minutes remaining, after Morris dispatched consecutive full tosses from Laker to the fence. Bradman then hooked two boundaries, but suffered a fibrositis attack, which put him in significant pain. Drinks were taken during a delay for treatment, and Morris had to shield Bradman from the strike until the skipper’s pain had subsided. Australia reached 250 shortly before tea, with Morris on 133 and Bradman on 92. Bradman then reached his century as the second-wicket stand passed 200.
Morris was given another life on 136, when Laker dropped him at square leg from the bowling of Compton. Bradman was given another life at 108; he advanced two metres down the pitch towards Laker and missed, but Evans fumbled the stumping opportunity. Australia reached tea at 1/292 with Morris on 150. The pair had added 171 during the session. Morris was eventually dismissed by Yardley for 182, after hitting a tired-looking shot to mid-off, having partnered Bradman for a stand of 301 in 217 minutes. He struck 33 fours in 290 minutes of batting. Australia still needed 46 for victory, and went on to win by seven wickets with 15 minutes to spare, setting a new world record for the highest successful Test run-chase.
Morris was rested for the match against Derbyshire immediately after the Headingley Test, which Australia won by an innings, as well as the next match against Glamorgan, which was a rain-affected draw. He returned to score 32 and 20 not out as Australia defeated Warwickshire by nine wickets. Australia faced Lancashire for the second time on the tour; Morris made 49 and 16 as the match ended in a draw. Morris and Barnes put on 123 in the first innings, but their teammates were unable to build on the platform and Australia ended on 321. Morris was rested from the non-first-class match against Durham, which was a rain-affected draw.
Fifth Test.
Australia proceeded to The Oval for the Fifth Test. England won the toss and elected to bat on a pitch affected by heavy rain prior to the match. With the score at 2/17, Lindwall bowled a bouncer, which Compton hooked. Morris ran from his position at short square leg to take a difficult catch, described by Fingleton as "one of the catches of the season". England collapsed to be all out for 52 as Australia’s pacemen extracted bounce and movement from the pitch.
In contrast, Australia batted with ease, as the overcast skies cleared and sun came out. The debutant Allan Watkins opened the bowling, delivering four overs for 19 runs before the after-effects of a Lindwall blow to the shoulder became too much. The openers passed England's first innings total with ease in less than an hour, and Australia reached 100 at 17:30, with Barnes on 52 and Morris on 47. The tourists reached 117 before Barnes fell to Eric Hollies for 61, ending an opening stand that had been compiled in only 126 minutes. This brought Bradman to the crease late on the first day. As the Australian captain had already announced his retirement after the end of the series, the innings would be his last in Test cricket if Australia batted only once. The crowd gave him a standing ovation as he walked out to the wicket. Yardley led the Englishmen in giving Bradman three cheers, before shaking his hand. The Australian captain needed only four runs for a Test average of 100, but was bowled by Hollies for a second ball duck with a googly that went between bat and pad. Bradman received another large round of applause as he left the arena.
Hassett came in at 2/117 and together with Morris saw Australia to the close at 2/153. Morris was unbeaten on 77, having hooked Hollies for two fours just before stumps. On the second morning, Morris registered his third century of the Test series and his sixth in Ashes matches. The innings had taken 208 minutes and included four fours. Hassett and Morris took the score to 226 before their 109-run stand was broken when Young trapped the former for 37. As the Australians had dismissed their hosts cheaply on the first day and were already well in the lead, they had plenty of time to complete a victory, so Hassett and Morris had no need to take undue risks and scored at a sedate pace. The following batsmen were unable to establish themselves at the crease. Miller made five, before Harvey came to the crease and hit two quick boundaries before being dismissed. Hollies took both wickets.
Loxton came in and accompanied Morris for 39 further runs before falling to Edrich. Lindwall fell for nine before Morris was finally removed for 196, ending an innings noted for his hooking and off-driving. It took a run out to remove Morris; he attempted a quick run after the ball was hit to third man. Morris was called through for a run by Don Tallon, but he was too slow for the substitute fielder Reg Simpson's arm. Australia went on to finish with 389. Morris had scored more than half the runs as the rest of the team struggled against the leg spin of Hollies, who took 5/131. Hollies tossed the ball up repeatedly, coaxing the Australians into attacking balls that spun after pitching on off stump. Morris took four catches for the match as Australia took victory by an innings and 149 runs, sealing a 4–0 Test series triumph.
Later tour matches.
Seven matches remained on Bradman's quest to go through a tour of England without defeat. Australia batted first against Kent and Morris made 43 in a total of 361 before Australia enforced the follow on and completed an innings victory. Morris was rested for the following three matches against the Gentlemen of England, Somerset and the South of England. The first two matches were won by innings while the third was washed out after Australia took a large first-innings lead. In the meantime, Morris underwent minor surgery for a split in his hand.
Australia's biggest challenge in the post-Test tour matches was against the Leveson-Gower's XI, named after H. D. G. Leveson-Gower. During the last tour in 1938, this team was effectively a full-strength England outfit, but this time Bradman insisted only six current Test players be allowed to play for the hosts. After his demands were met, Bradman named a full-strength team. After the tourists dismissed the home team for 177, Morris made 62 in a 102-run opening stand with Barnes before Yardley bowled him. Australia declared at 8/489 and time ran out with Leveson-Gower's XI at 2/75 after multiple rain delays.
The tour ended with two non-first-class matches against Scotland. In the first match, Morris was the mainstay of the innings, scoring 112 as Australia batted first and made 236. The Scots replied with 85 and were forced to follow on. Morris led the wicket-taking in the second innings, taking 5/10 from five overs as the hosts fell for 111 to hand the Australians an innings victory. He continued his success in the second match, taking three of Scotland's first four batsmen to end with 3/17 as the hosts fell for 178. Batting at No. 7, Morris made 10 as Australia declared at 6/407 and bowled four overs for eight runs without taking a wicket as Bradman’s men ended the tour with another innings victory.
Role.
A left-handed opening batsman, Morris played in all five Tests, partnering the right-handed Sid Barnes in three Tests; Barnes was injured in the Third and Fourth Tests. Barnes was unable to open in the former and did not play in the latter. Three opening batsmen were taken on the tour, with Bill Brown being the reserve. During the tour matches, which were usually played consecutively with only one or no days between fixtures, Bradman rotated the trio, so one would generally be rested while the other two opened.N- Notable exceptions occurred in the Test series and the opening match against Worcestershire and the clash against the MCC. In those matches, Australia fielded its first-choice team; Brown played out of position in the middle order, while Morris and Barnes opened. A very occasional left-arm unorthodox spin bowler, Morris delivered only 35 overs during the first-class matches, including eight in the Tests. He took two wickets, both outside the Test arena.
Morris ended the first-class matches with 1,922 runs at 71.18 including seven centuries, ranking him second in runs only to Bradman (2,428 at 89.92) and substantially ahead of third-placed Hassett (1,563 at 74.42). He did so despite being troubled by a split between the first and second fingers of his left hand, caused by constant jarring from the bat as he played the ball. The wound often opened while he was batting, forcing him to undergo a minor operation which sidelined him from some matches in the latter part of the tour.
In recognition of his performances, Morris was named as one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1949. "Wisden" described him as "one of the world's best left-hand batsmen". Neville Cardus—his former critic—praised Morris's performance during "The Invincibles" tour as "masterful, stylish, imperturbable, sure in defence, quick and handsome in stroke play. His batting is true to himself, charming and good mannered but reliant and thoughtful."
Morris's form peaked in The Ashes, heading the Test averages and aggregates with 696 runs at 87.00. Bradman (502 at 72.57) and Denis Compton (562 at 62.44) were the next closest; nobody else scored more than 360 runs. He was the only player to compile three Test centuries, and added three further fifties.
Notes.
Statistical note.
n-
This statement can be verified by consulting all of the scorecards for the matches, as listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20753593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753593" title="New Zealand Fantail">
New Zealand Fantail

The New Zealand Fantail ("Rhipidura fuliginosa") is a small insectivorous bird. A common fantail found in the South Island of New Zealand, also in the North Island as subspecies "Rhipidura fuliginosa placabilis", the Chatham Islands as "Rhipidura fuliginosa penita" and formerly (now extinct) the Lord Howe Island as "Rhipidura fuliginosa cervina". Also known as the Pied Fantail (pied morph only) or by its Maori name, Pīwakawaka or Tīwakawaka. The species is considered by many to be conspecific (the same) as the Grey Fantail of Australia and New Caledonia, however due to differences in its calls some authorities now treat it as a separate species.
Description.
This Fantail is mid to dark grey or grey-brown above, yellowish/orange below, with a dark band across the chest below a white throat, white markings over the eye, and (depending on the race) either white-edged or entirely white outer tail feathers. It grows to in length, of which half is the tail, which, as the name implies, is often displayed fanned out. This reveals that the outer tail feathers that are light and the centre ones are dark. Some subspecies are found in a darker plumage, notably the "Black fantail" morph seen in up to 25% of South Island birds and less than 1% of North Island birds (it is completely absent from the Chatham Islands). The black morph lacks the white areas and so is dark all over apart from a white spot behind the eye.
Juveniles are similar to the adults but have a browner body and indistinct body markings.
Behaviour.
During waking hours the bird is almost never still. It flits from perch to perch, sometimes on the ground but mostly on the twigs of a tree or any other convenient object, looking out for flying insects. The birds are not shy, and will often flit within a few metres of people, especially in forested areas and suburban gardens. In doing so, it is able to catch any small flying insects that may have been disturbed by human activities such as walking or digging.
The bird's call is an almost metallic "cheek", either as a single sound or (more often) repeated as a chattering.
Breeding.
The New Zealand Fantail is a seasonal breeder, nesting from August to March in the North Island, September to January in the South Island and October to January on the Chatham Islands. They usually raise two or more broods per season. 
The birds form compact, cup-shaped nests, usually in the forks of trees, made from moss, bark and fibre, and often completed with spider's web. Both sexes build the nest. The clutch size is usually three to four cream eggs which are spotted grey and brown. The incubation period is around two weeks, and incubation and feeding duties are shared by both adults. Nest building and incubation of the second brood may occur while the fledged young of the first brood are still being fed. Young males may begin breeding two months after fledging. The nests of the New Zealand Fantail are occasionally parasitised by the two species of cuckoo in New Zealand.
In Mythology.
In Maori mythology, the piwakawaka is a messenger, bringing death or news of death from the gods to the people. The bulbous eyes and erratic flying behaviour of the bird is attributed to it being squeezed by Maui for not revealing the whereabouts of his ancestress Mahuika, the fire deity.
Tiwakawaka is also the name of one of the first Maori settlers to New Zealand.
Gallery.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20753597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753597" title="Aji Senior Secondary School">
Aji Senior Secondary School

Aji Senior Secondary School is a school in Nayabazar, Uppala, Kerala, India. Uppala is a town located midway between Kumbala and Manjeshwaram, north of the town of Kasaragod, in Kasaragod district, Kerala.
The president of Aji Senior Secondary School is Mr. P.K. Moosa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20753603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753603" title="Leo Norris">
Leo Norris

Leo John Norris was a Major League Baseball player for the Philadelphia Phillies in the 1936-1937 seasons. He was and weighed 165 lbs. He was born in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi and he died in Zachary, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20753608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753608" title="Charles S. Maier">
Charles S. Maier

Charles S. Maier (born February 23, 1939, in New York City) is the Leverett Saltonstall Professor of History at Harvard University. He teaches European and international history at Harvard. Maier has also served as the director of the Center for European Studies at Harvard.
Books.
Maier has written several books. Among these is "Among Empires: American Ascendancy and its Predecessors" (2006) and "Dissolution: the Crisis of Communism and the End of East Germany" (1997). He has also written on the Cold War, Holocaust controversies ("The Unmasterable Past", 1988) and the 1920s ("Recasting Bourgeois Europe", 1975). A complete list of publications and courses and some recent articles are found on his Harvard History Department web site.

</doc>
<doc id="20753636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753636" title="Hi Voltage">
Hi Voltage

Hi Voltage is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on October 9, 1967 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Jackie McLean, Blue Mitchell, John Hicks, Billy Higgins and Bob Cranshaw.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "In all, this date is solid, ranking with the very best of Mobley's offerings for Blue Note.".

</doc>
<doc id="20753640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753640" title="Uricemia">
Uricemia

Uricemia can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20753657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753657" title="List of members of the 79th West Virginia Senate">
List of members of the 79th West Virginia Senate

This List of Members of the Senate for the 79th West Virginia Legislature is current as of May 2010.
Composition of the 79th West Virginia Senate.
"2009–2011:"

</doc>
<doc id="20753679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753679" title="Famine (O'Flaherty novel)">
Famine (O'Flaherty novel)

Famine is a novel by Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty published in 1937. Set in the fictionally named "Black Valley" in the west of Ireland during the Great Famine of the 1840s, the novel tells the story of three generations of the Kilmartin family.
In a review for the "Irish Times," author John Broderick said of the novel's character: "Mary Kilmartin (the heroine) has been singled out by two generations of critics as one of the great creations of modern literature. And so she is."

</doc>
<doc id="20753682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753682" title="Shinobi Life">
Shinobi Life

The manga is licensed for an English language release by Tokyopop, which published the first volume on November 11, 2008. The manga is licensed in Taiwan by Sharp Point Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20753688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753688" title="NMR spectra database">
NMR spectra database

A Nuclear Magnetic Resonance spectra database is an electronic repository of information concerning Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectra. Such repositories can be downloaded as self-contained data sets or used online. The form in which the data is stored varies, ranging from line lists that can be graphically displayed to raw free induction decay (FID) data. Data is usually annotated in a way that correlates the spectral data with the related molecular structure.
Data format.
Line list.
The form in which most NMR is described in literature papers. It is common for databases to display line lists graphically in a manner that is similar to how processed spectra might appear. These line list however lack first and higher order splitting, satellites from low abundance isotopes like carbon or platinum, as well as the information concerning line width and other informative aspects of line shape. The advantage of a line list is that it requires a minimal amount of memory.
Processed image.
Once an FID is processed into a spectrum it can be converted into an image that usually takes up less memory than the FID. This method requires more memory than a line list but supplies the user with considerably more information. The processed image has less information that a raw FID but it also take less memory and is easily displayed in browsers and requires no specialty data handling software.
Raw FID file.
The raw free induction decay data obtained when performing the experiment are stored according to the formatting preferences of the instrument manufacturer. This data format contains the most information and requires the most storage space. A variety of commercial and free of software programs allow users to process FID data into useful spectra once FID data is downloaded.
Common search methods.
Some database search methods are commonly available:
List of databases.
The following is a partial list of nuclear magnetic resonance spectra databases: 
ACD/Labs.
Advanced Chemistry Development (ACD/labs) is a chemoinformatics company which produces software for use in handling NMR data and predicting NMR spectra. ACD offers the Aldrich library as an add-on to their other NMR software products. It appears the ACD products may also include additional databases: HNMR DB, CNMR DB, FNMR DB, NNMR DB, and PNMR DB. These databases can be either be purchased or leased as libraries through individual or group contracts.
Aldrich NMR Library.
A portion of this database is still available in a three volume print version from Aldrich. The full electronic version includes a supplement of spectra not included in the paper version. In all, this database includes more than 15,000 compounds with the associated 300 MHz 1H and 75 MHz 13C spectra. The product includes the software necessary to view and handle the NMR data. This database can be purchased as a library through individual or group contracts. The spectra data appear to be stored as images of processed FID data.
Biological Magnetic Resonance Data Bank.
The Biological Magnetic Resonance Data Bank (BioMagResBank or BMRB) is sponsored by the Department of Biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin–Madison; it is dedicated to Proteins, Peptides, Nucleic Acids, and other Biomolecules. It stores a large variety of raw NMR data.
Bio-Rad NMR Spectral Databases.
Bio-Rad Laboratories specializes in software and database solutions for spectroscopy and offers a comprehensive collection of spectral data, including their Sadtler data. They offer a large collection of NMR spectral data that can be searched or used to build predictions, which includes CNMR, HNMR, and XNMR (F-19 NMR, P-31 NMR, N-15 NMR, etc.) spectra. [http://wwww.knowitall.com/nmr]
ChemGate.
A database that was developed and maintained by the publisher John Wiley & Sons. This database included more than 700,000 NMR, IR and MS Spectra, statistics specific to the NMR spectra are not listed. The NMR data includes 1H,13C, 11B, 15N, 17O, 19F, 29Si, and 31P. The data were in the form of graphically displayed line lists. Access to the database could be purchased piecemeal or leased as the entire library through individual or group contracts. These data are now made available through Wiley Online Library.
ChemSpider.
The ChemSpider chemical database accepts user submitted raw NMR data. The data in accepted in the JCAMP-DX format which can be actively viewed online with the JSpecView applet or the data can be downloaded for processing with other software packages.
NMRShiftDB.
The NMRDShiftDB features a graphically displayed line list data. The data are hosted by Cologne University. Online access is free and user participation is encouraged. The data are available under the GNU FDL license. Contained 50479 measured spectra of, among other nuclei, 13C, 1H, 15N, 11B, 19F, 29Si, and 31P NMR as of Feb 21, 2014.
SpecInfo on the Internet.
Available through Wiley Online Library (John Wiley & Sons), SpecInfo on the Internet NMR is a collection of approximately 440,000 NMR spectra (organized as 13C, 1H, 19F, 31P, and 29Si NMR databases). The data are accessed via the Internet using a Java interface and are stored in a server developed jointly with BASF. The software includes PDF report generation, spectrum prediction (database-trained and/or algorithm based), structure drawing, structure search, spectrum search, text field search, and more. Access to the databases is available to subscribers either as NMR only or combined with mass spectrometry and FT-IR data. Many of these data were also made available via ChemGate, described below. Coverage can be freely verified at Compound Search. A smaller collection of these data is still available via STN International.
Spectral Database for Organic Compounds.
The Spectral Database for Organic Compounds (SBDS) is developed and maintained by Japan's National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology. SDBS includes 14700 1H NMR spectra and 13000 13C NMR spectra as well as FT-IR, Raman, ESR, and MS data. The data are stored and displayed as an image of the processed data. Annotation is achieved by a list of the chemical shifts correlated to letters which are also used to label a molecular line drawing. Access to the database is available free of charge for noncommercial use. Users are requested not to download more than 50 spectra and/or compound information in one day. Between 1997 and February 2008 the database has been accessed more than 200 million times. T. Saito, K. Hayamizu, M. Yanagisawa and O. Yamamoto are attributed reproducibility for the NMR data. 

</doc>
<doc id="20753692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753692" title="Merrill Connally">
Merrill Connally

Merrill Lee Connally, Sr. (April 9, 1921 – September 4, 2001), was an American film actor, a county administrative judge, a rancher, and a brother of both Governor John B. Connally, Jr. (1917–1993), and Texas State Senator Wayne Connally (1923–2000).
Connally was born, reared, and died in Floresville, the seat of Wilson County southeast of San Antonio. His parents were John Connally, Sr., a hard-working and industrious tenant farmer, and the former Lela Wright. The senior Connally once ran for Wilson County clerk. In addition to Wayne and John, Merrill had five other siblings. Merrill Connally served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II.
He portrayed Davy Crockett in the 1988 picture "Alamo: The Price of Freedom". He also appeared in Steven Spielberg's "Sugarland Express" and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" In the filming of "Close Encounters" in 1977, Connally was known on the roll-call sheets as "The American Eagle" because of his shock of white hair and his authoritarian demeanor. He physically resembled his brother John. Spielberg was so impressed with Connally's diction that he kept taking lines of dialogue from other actors to give Connally a greater part.
Other Connally film appearances were in "Rush" starring Jason Patric as a narcotics detective, and in "Heaven and Hell: North & South: Book Three". In 1991, he played Judge Bolen in the television production "Wild Texas Wind". He was an extra in the 1979 television film "The Girls in the Office". On August 12, 1956, he appeared as himself as a contestant on John Daly's "What's My Line?" CBS quiz program in which a celebrity panel attempts to guess the occupation of the guest. Jimmy Carter of Georgia, before he was nationally-known also appeared on "What's My Line?"
Connally served as the Wilson County judge from 1955 to 1958 and was involved in various Democratic activities. He was a delegate to the 1956 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, which nominated the Adlai E. Stevenson-Estes Kefauver ticket. In 1968, he managed the unsuccessful candidacy of Eugene Locke, who resigned as deputy ambassador to the former South Vietnam to seek to succeed Connally's brother as governor. John Connally professed neutrality in the primary because the lieutenant governor, Preston Smith, and the former appointed Texas secretary of state, John Luke Hill, an enthusiastic Connally supporter, were also in the running. The nomination and the general election went to Smith, who had made a fortune as a theater owner from Lubbock.
Another brother, Golfrey M. Connally (born 1919 - deceased), an economics professor at then San Antonio Junior College, supported George S. McGovern for U.S. President in 1972, while brother John Connally was heading the national "Democrats for Nixon" committee.
Connally died of lung cancer. He is interred at Fairview Cemetery in Fairview in Wilson County. The Connally Memorial Medical Center in his native Floresville is named for him and his brothers John and Wayne.

</doc>
<doc id="20753697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753697" title="William Blake's illustrations of On the Morning of Christ's Nativity">
William Blake's illustrations of On the Morning of Christ's Nativity

William Blake drew and painted illustrations for John Milton's nativity ode "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity" between 1803 and 1815. A total of 16 illustrations are extant: two sets of six watercolours each, and an additional four drawings in pencil. 
The dating of the sets is unknown, as is Blake's intended sequence for the illustrations. The two sets of watercolours are known as the "Butts set" and the "Thomas set", after their respective patrons, or as the "Huntington set" and the "Whitworth set" after the Huntington Library and the Whitworth Art Gallery, which now hold the sets in their collections.
Provenance.
There is little record of the provenance of the Thomas set or the Butts set before 1852 and 1872, which has led to disputes about the dating. What is known is that the "Thomas set" was commissioned by the Reverend Joseph Thomas, who had also commissioned illustrations to Milton's "Comus" and "Paradise Lost" from Blake. No contract for the commission is extant, but the commissioning probably took place in 1809, which is the year in which the illustrations were completed. Blake was eager to accept the commission, according to G. E. Bentley, because "Milton illustrations were a kind of work which Blake could not resist." They presumably stayed in the Revd Thomas's family until they were bought at Sotheby's from an anonymous seller in 1872. By 1876 they were in the collection of J.E. Taylor, who gave them to the Whitworth in 1892. 
Even less is known about the dates of composition for the "Butts set" - between 1811 and 1820, Blake created at least thirty three designs for Thomas Butts, which included the illustrations of "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity". Later, they passed from Butts to his son, who sold them at Sotheby's in 1852, passed through several more hands, were sold at Christie's in 1912, and in 1916 were sold to Henry Huntington.
Dating and sequence.
The illustrations themselves do not make the dating any easier- the edges of the "Thomas set" were trimmed before sale at Sotheby's, leaving "18" or "180" on most of the sheets. Only "The Night of Peace" bears the full date of 1809. The Butts set is entirely undated- dates from 1803 to 1817 have been proposed for it. Behrendt argues that the Butts set predates the Thomas set by six years, and Collins Baker and R.R. Wark place it in 1809, but earlier than the Thomas set.
The sequence of the illustrations is also a topic of scholarly dispute: the mountings of the Thomas set were inscribed on their backs with numbers 1-6, but these were added during or after the 1872 Sotheby's sale, and so are unlikely to follow Blake's intended order. This "original" order ran thus: 
Geoffrey Keynes placed them in 1-6-2-3-4-5 order, so that "The Night of Peace" followed "The Descent of Peace", because of their similar subjects. Butlin, and nearly all subsequent scholars, have rejected this, as much commentary has centered upon Blake's use of similar images to frame the sequence. Butlin instead rearranges the "original" sequence as 1-2-4-5-3-6, moving "The Flight of Moloch" to second to last, so that it matches the order of corresponding verses in Milton's poem. Dunbar also follows Butlin's order. Behrendt adopts a 1-2-5-3-4-6 order, seeing a thematic progression from the destruction of classical aesthetics, to the old testament cruelty of Moloch (who resembles Blake's Urizen), to Satan himself. This order is followed by Werner in her "Blake's Vision of the Poetry of Milton".
Analysis.
Blake's literary debt to Milton is key to understanding his illustrations of the earlier poet's writings. In general, "" is a guide to Blake's idea of Milton: that he possessed true spiritual vision, but fell by his adherence to the moralistic and repressive tenets of puritanism and by his preference for the cruel and distant Jehovah of the Old testament over the redemptive figure of Christ. In that regard the "Nativity Ode" is to Blake the rebirth of Milton's poetry into the creative imagination of Christ. Blake also sees a return to prophetic, Christian ideals of poetry, rather than the "pagan" classical aesthetic represented in "The Overthrow of Apollo and the Pagan Gods" by the figure of Apollo, who is modeled on the Apollo Belvedere. 
Blake's prophetic book "" was especially influenced by "On the Morning of Christ's Nativity". In that poem, the messianic Orc, a symbol of pure creative energy, rises against the repressive institutions of Church and state. Orc is part of a doomed cycle- his rebellion is inevitably countered by the increased institutional repression of Urizen. "Europe" in that light is seen as a pessimistic parody of Milton's poem. Orc is often associated with fire, and the closest parallel with him is found in "The Flight of Moloch", where a child is about to be given to the god of sacrifice. The similarity of the orifice that frames the child to the shape of the stable in the other illustrations underscores the purpose of Christ's birth, and foreshadows the harrowing of hell. 
The illustrations emphasize the simultaneous occurrence of the events they depict by the presence of the stable in almost every image, and by framing the set with two very similar images that focus on the peaceful victory of Christ over darkness. "The Descent of Peace" also has neo-platonic implications- it represents the descent of the soul into the body, which is symbolized by the cramped stable. 
Table of Illustrations.
The order followed here is that given by Butlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20753716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753716" title="Jim Czajkowski">
Jim Czajkowski

Jim Mark Czajkowski (born December 18, 1963 in Parma, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He pitched for the Colorado Rockies in five games during the 1994 Colorado Rockies season.
In 2012, Czajkowski was the pitching coach for the Toronto Blue Jays' Northwest League affiliate Vancouver Canadians.
On January 13, 2014, Czajkowski was named as the pitching coach for the Toronto Blue Jays Double-A affiliate New Hampshire Fisher Cats.

</doc>
<doc id="20753747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753747" title="Third Season (album)">
Third Season (album)

Third Season is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on February 24, 1967 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980 as LT 1081. It features performances by Mobley with Lee Morgan, James Spaulding, Cedar Walton, Walter Booker, Billy Higgins and Sonny Greenwich.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The music is mostly in the hard bop vein, with hints of modality and the gospel-ish piece "Give Me That Feelin'," but Greenwich's three solos are a bonus and the performances of five Mobley originals and one by Morgan are up to the usual caliber of Blue Note's releases. Pity that this one has been lost in the shuffle.".

</doc>
<doc id="20753792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753792" title="Bee Vang">
Bee Vang

Bee Vang (born November 4, 1991) is an American actor. He is the co-star of Clint Eastwood's 2008 film "Gran Torino", playing the character Thao Vang Lor. Before this role, he did not have any known acting experience.
Personal life.
Vang was born in Fresno, California, four years after his Hmong parents emigrated from Thailand. He had five brothers and one sister.
He resided in the Twin Cities area. He grew up in a neighborhood in Minneapolis that he described as "poor." He later lived in Robbinsdale, Minnesota. For his freshman year he attended Patrick Henry High School, and he was in the University of Minnesota's advanced program. He also attended Robbinsdale Armstrong High School in Plymouth, Minnesota. Vang, before being cast in "Gran Torino", had planned to go into a premed program. Due to his role in "Gran Torino", Vang considered getting into filmmaking.
He attends Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. At Brown Vang planned to pursue an acting career and study filmmaking and the Chinese language.
As a youth he mainly watched Asian films. In an interview Vang said that from his early teenage years he had watched various western films, including "Clockwork Orange", "Heaven & Earth", "Heavenly Creatures", ', and other war movies. He also watched Clint Eastwood westerns, and had been a fan of Eastwood for a long period of time. Vang owned copies of several films starring Eastwood, such as "Dirty Harry", "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", and "Letters from Iwo Jima". Vang said that he had a preference for Asian films, and specifically the original language versions with English subtitles. In an interview he criticized the film "Heaven & Earth".
By 2010, Vang became an activist. Vang collaborates on social justice film, internet, and print products with Louisa Schein, a Hmong media expert, Va-Megn Thoj, a Hmong filmmaker, and Ly Chong Thong Jalao, a University of California Santa Barbara Ph.D. student. Vang travels around the United States doing public speaking regarding "Gran Torino" and post-"Gran Torino" issues related to the Hmong community. In 2011 Vang wrote an editorial criticizing a "KDWB" radio comedy segment, saying that it offensively portrayed Hmong people.
Filmography and television.
Since "Gran Torino" Vang acted in independent films and stage performances. Vang acted in a YouTube parody of one scene in "Gran Torino", titled "Thao Does Walt: Lost Scenes from Gran Torino." In addition, he acted in "Anatomically Incorrect," "Fallen City," and "Sunset on Dawn."

</doc>
<doc id="20753814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753814" title="Suresh Joshi">
Suresh Joshi

Suresh Joshi (Gujarati: સુરેશ હ. જોશી) (1921–1986) was an Indian novelist, short-story writer, critic, poet, translator, writer and academic in the Gujarati language.
He was born in Valod, a small town in South Gujarat on 30 May 1921.
A strong opponent of romantic tendencies in literature, Joshi influenced many up-and-coming writers in the 1960s and 1970s. His personal essays "are said to have introduced a new prose style in Gujarati literature," according to Gujarati scholar Sarala Jag Mohan.
He was one of the chief exponents of experimentalist poetry in Gujarati, primarily through his literary criticism, rather than his poems. Under his influence, form, technique and structure became far more important considerations within Gujarati poetry. The torments of the individual and literary craftsmanship became more highly esteemed, but intelligibility, lyricism and musicality were valued less, as were social concerns of the writer and even the contents of the work, according to Deepak B. Mehta.
Existentialism and phenomenology were prime interests of his.
Joshi promoted small magazines, including "Kshitij" and "Manisha".
He died on 6 September 1986 due to kidney-failure.
Works.
Books written by Joshi. Each year links to corresponding "in literature" or "[year in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="20753835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753835" title="Ed Crowley">
Ed Crowley

Edgar Jewell Crowley (August 20, 1906 – April 14, 1970) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He appeared in two games for the Washington Senators in , going hitless in one at bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20753843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753843" title="Tim Nichols">
Tim Nichols

Tim Nichols (born in Portsmouth, Virginia is an American country music singer and songwriter. Active since the late 1980s, Nichols has written for several country music singers, including Keith Whitley, Tim McGraw, Faith Hill, Jo Dee Messina, and Alan Jackson. He and songwriter Zack Turner recorded one album for BNA Entertainment (now BNA Records) in 1993 as the duo Turner Nichols, in addition to charting two singles as one half of that duo. Nichols, along with Craig Wiseman, earned a Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 2004, for McGraw's Number One hit "Live Like You Were Dying".
Biography.
Nichols was born in Portsmouth, Virginia but his family moved between there and Springfield, Missouri. While in college, he pursued a broadcasting major, although the college soon dropped their programming. From there, he went to manufacture buckets for the fast-food chain KFC. Nichols started taking guitar lessons as well, and soon founded a band which played locally. His guitar teacher recommended him to a man who told Nichols that he could find a record deal. The man was a scam artist, however, and Nichols later went to the Attorney General's office to reclaim the money. After his experience, Nichols was featured in a "60 Minutes" exposé about Nashville scam artists, and helped his local band gain exposure.
Later on, Nichols and his band moved to Nashville, Tennessee, and by 1984 he had signed to a publishing contract with a company owned by Ronnie Milsap. At a songwriters' night at the Bluebird Café in Nashville, Nichols met Zack Turner through a friend. The two began writing together, and one of their collaborations, "I'm Over You", was recorded by Keith Whitley, whose rendition was a Top Five country hit shortly after his death in 1989. Both artists continued writing for other artists, with Nichols's first cut as a songwriter being "This Time Last Year", which Milsap recorded. Nichols also met Giles Godard, with whom he would later collaborate as well. By the early 1990s, Nichols had also had several more chart singles as a songwriter, including Milsap's "All Is Fair in Love and War", Billy Dean's "Tryin' to Hide a Fire in the Dark", and another posthumous release from Whitley, "Brotherly Love" (a duet with Earl Thomas Conley).
Turner Nichols.
Turner and Nichols signed in 1993 to a recording contract with BNA Entertainment (now known as BNA Records), releasing an album that year as the duo Turner Nichols. This album, co-written almost entirely by the duo, included the singles "Moonlight Drive-In" and "She Loves to Hear Me Rock", both of which charted on the "Billboard" and "RPM" country charts in the US and Canada, respectively. Turner and Nichols never recorded any other material, although they co-wrote Jo Dee Messina's 1996 single "You're Not in Kansas Anymore", and Nichols also co-wrote Messina's debut single, "Heads Carolina, Tails California".
Mid-1990s-present.
Since the disbanding of Turner Nichols, Nichols continued to write songs, often with Giles Godard or Mark D. Sanders. Three of Nichols's songs have become Number One hits on the country charts: "(This Ain't) No Thinkin' Thing" by Trace Adkins, "Girls Lie Too" by Terri Clark, and "Live Like You Were Dying" by Tim McGraw (which preceded "Girls Lie Too" at #1). "Live Like You Were Dying" also earned Nichols and Craig Wiseman, the song's other co-writer, the Grammy Award for Best Country Song at the 47th Grammy Awards, as well as the Song of the Year award from the Academy of Country Music. Nichols and Wiseman also wrote Faith Hill's "A Baby Changes Everything", a Number One hit on the Adult Contemporary charts in December 2008. Other artists who have recorded Nichols's material include Tracy Byrd, Alan Jackson, Patty Loveless and Lee Ann Womack.
List of singles written by Tim Nichols.
Nichols co-wrote the following singles:

</doc>
<doc id="20753863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753863" title="USRC Dallas (1874)">
USRC Dallas (1874)

USRC "Dallas", was a "Dexter"-class cutter of the United States Revenue Cutter Service in commission from 1874 to 1907. She was the fourth ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service to bear the name.
"Dallas" was built by W. Fessenden at Portland, Maine, and was commissioned into the Revenue Cutter Service on 28 July 1874.
"Dallas" was stationed at Portland, which would remain her home port until 1903. She served on the New England coastline and conducted winter cruises each year. During the Spanish-American War of April–August 1898, she was ordered to "act in concert with Military authorities for defense of Boston Harbor" at Boston, Massachusetts.
"Dallas" was transferred to Lake Ontario in 1903. During her service on the Great Lakes, she was laid up during the winter months when the lakes iced over.
"Dallas" was decommissioned on 30 November 1907. She was sold on 2 July 1908 for $2,100 (USD).
Photograph

</doc>
<doc id="20753867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753867" title="Thread angle">
Thread angle

The thread angle of a screw is the angle between the threads. This is a defining factor for the shape of a screw thread. Standard values include:

</doc>
<doc id="20753880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753880" title="Wayne Connally">
Wayne Connally

Wayne Wright Connally (March 19, 1923 – December 20, 2000) was a Texas rancher, a Democratic member of both houses of the Texas State Legislature, and a brother of both former Governor and United States Treasury Secretary John Bowden Connally, Jr., and Merrill Lee Connally, Sr., an actor and a former county judge.
Early years, education, military.
Connally was born into a family of eight children and reared in Floresville, the seat of Wilson County some thirty miles southeast of San Antonio. His father, John Connally, Sr., was a tenant farmer who once ran for county clerk. His mother, the former Lela Wright, gave him his middle name. After attending public schools in Floresville and San Antonio, Connally attended the University of Texas at Austin. He thereafter enlisted during World War II in the United States Army Air Corps, the forerunner of the Air Force.
Legislative years.
In 1964, when John Connally was handily victorious to the second of three consecutive two-year terms as governor, Wayne Connally was elected to the District 44 seat in the Texas House of Representatives. In 1966, Wayne Connally was elected to the state Senate from District 21 and served until January 1973. In the 1970 Democratic primary, he defeated the Hispanic activist, Erasmo Andrade. With the increasing clout of minorities in Democratic primaries, Andrade was considered a serious opponent. Andrade questioned why Connally had voted against a state minimum wage proposal, a teacher pay hike, and in support of retaining the state sales tax on food. Wayne Connally, like his brother a protégé of Lyndon B. Johnson, retained his seat from the unexpected challenge.
On October 7, 1971, Connally was honored as "Governor for a Day", a tradition among state senators. He was also named president pro tempore of the Senate in both a special session and for the fourth called session during his last two years in office.
Wayne Connally worked with John Connally to lay the groundwork for the first upper-level higher education institution in Laredo, the seat of Webb County. Texas A&I University at Laredo opened in 1969. In 1993, the institution was expanded and relocated as Texas A&M International University.
Connally's chief of staff was Laredo attorney Carlos Zaffirini, Sr., (born 1944). Zaffirni's wife, Judith Zaffirini (born 1946), has held Connally's former Senate seat since her first election in 1986. She was a part-time media aide to Connally.
Death and legacy.
Connally died in Cody, Wyoming, where he had relocated in his later years to be near his children. Survivors included two sons, Wyatt Connally and Wesley Connally, and a daughter Pamela; four grandchildren; his brother, Merrill (who died the following year), and his sister, Blanche Connally Kline. The Texas State Senate introduced a resolution on March 19, 2001, on what would have been Connally's 78th birthday, to recognize his public service.
Connally was cremated, his ashes were scattered on the family ranch in Floresville, and a cenotaph was erected in his honor at the Texas State Cemetery in Austin.
Ralph M. Hall (also born 1923 and hence the senior member of the Texas delegation to the United States House of Representatives) of Rockwall near Dallas served with Connally in the state Senate. The two also ran against each other for lieutenant governor in the 1972 Democratic primary. Both lost to William P. Hobby, Jr., whose mother, Oveta Culp Hobby, owned the former "Houston Post" newspaper. Upon Connally's death, Hall introduced into the "Congressional Record" his personal tribute to his fallen friend: "He was a terrific Senator, totally dedicated ... so very capable of friendship, and ... always responsive to anyone in need. Wayne's over-riding goal was to uphold integrity and responsibility in government... Wayne embodied the Texas persona—and he leaves behind a legacy of faithful service to the people of his native state that he so loved."

</doc>
<doc id="20753888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753888" title="Graeme James Caughley">
Graeme James Caughley

Graeme Caughley (28 September 1937 – February 1994) was a New Zealander, population ecologist, conservation biologist, and researcher. Graeme combined empirical research with mathematical models. He supported the declining population paradigm.
Childhood.
Caughley was the middle of three children. He was the only son born to John Norman Caughley and Thelma Caughley. His father would take him on excursions while his mother encouraged his curiosity. As a young child Graeme was very inquisitive and he recalled finding a seashell on top of a hill. At the age of seven he determined that the sea must have once covered the hill and was proud to have resolved the problem. This event encouraged him to learn more about New Zealand's geology and as Gunn and Walker explain "Ecology had a close call with Graeme Caughley. He almost chose geology at the start of his career..."
Education.
Bachelors.
Graeme attended Victoria University College in Wellington, New Zealand from 1956 to 1959. Tyndale-Biscoe writes that "there is no record of any particular lecturers influencing his thinking." In his last two years Caughley dropped down to part time and went to work with his friend Thane Riney at the New Zealand Forest Service on feral goat herds.
Masters.
Graeme continued his education at the University of Sydney (1960–1963) with his advisors Charles Birch (insect population ecologist) and Harry Frith (ornithologist). Frith was chief of the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) and Caughley used the CSIRO sheep station to study the ecology of kangaroos. Caughley found that kangaroo groups are formed by a random process of members coming and leaving, which was in contrast to what he had seen in red deer. He interpreted this to mean that random grouping was density dependent with increased grouping at higher densities. An approximation of density could then be found by taking the average number of individuals per group in a given area. Continuing his research he found that red kangaroos are much more drought-tolerant than grey kangaroos, which visit water three times more often. In addition he showed that grey kangaroos prefer areas of higher ground cover than do red kangaroos and that this may be a behavioural relic from when the Tasmanian wolf and Tasmanian devil overlapped in habitat with the kangaroo.
Doctoral.
While working for the New Zealand Forest Service, Graeme used his research on the Himalayan tahr ("Hemitragus jemlahicus") towards his doctoral work. He decided to work on tahr because at that time everyone claimed to be an expert on red deer and he thought that he would make a greater contribution working on the lesser known tahr. Caughley wanted to see if Thane Riney's eruption and stabilisation patterns in deer also applied to tahr. He used his studies at the Forest Service for his PhD thesis at the University of Canterbury (1962–1967) advised by Bernard Stonehouse (Antarctic and penguin ecologist) and Eaun Young (skua and penguin predator-prey dynamics). Using three study populations of Himalayan tahr (judged to be in the initial increase, initial stabilisation, and decline stage) Caughley found that tahr follow the pattern that Riney had found in deer.
Significant contributions.
During 1966 Caughley presented methods by which to determine mortality patterns in mammals. He looked at mortality rate curves (qx) among ungulates, rats, voles, sheep, and man he found that they followed a common pattern. This "u" shaped pattern had a high juvenile mortality followed by a decrease and then a steady increase in mortality punctuated by a sharp increase with maturity. With this mortality pattern it was shown that although age of mortality differs among species as well as cause of death (disease, lack of food, predation) the trend that mammal species follow is similar. This is important in wildlife management since it shows that regardless of natural mortality factors populations tend to have high juvenile and mature deaths.
While working for the Forest Service and attending the University of Canterbury for his PhD Graeme modified Lotka and Fisher's equations for birth rates in populations to ones that applied to seasonally breeding populations. He wrote that most of the animal world had a season for breeding and that if births were treated as occurring at only one point in time then these equations could be used for seasonally breeding populations. This modification now gave a more accurate estimate of the reproductive value of a population without overestimating births by assuming year around reproduction.
Caughley and Birch (1971) published "Rate of Increase" to point out some of the misuses with this equation. Originally applied mainly to insects and humans they claim that the questions asked by entomologists are not necessarily those asked by mammalogists and vice versa. It is this difference in questions that caused misuse of particular equations in the realm of vertebrate studies. They point out that the rate of increase at a given density for a population of a stable age distribution (rs) is not obtainable when looking at mammals. This is because the assumptions used to make the age distributions (rs=0) when used to estimate "rs" cause it to be low.
The second argument is that the maximum rate at which a population with a stable age distribution increases in a given environment (rm= intrinsic rate of increase) can be calculated with the correct data. It had however, been used incorrectly by mammalogists who thought that vertebrate life table and fecundity data somehow paralleled those of caged insects held at low density. The correction was to infer what the rate of increase for a given population would be at both the initial density and at a higher density. In this way they corrected a misapplication of models so that those managing populations would use the right equation for the question that they were asking.
Not only did Graeme Caughley clarify methods so that they would be more applicable to population ecology, but he also condensed material that he thought was useful. In "Analysis of Vertebrate Populations" he distilled analyses that he thought were most relevant to the field and chose those that were also easy to understand. R. S. Millar stated in his review that until this book literature on analyses had been scattered and difficult to understand, but Graeme made topics more readable.
Caughley also co-published a book on "Wildlife Ecology, Conservation, and Management": the first portion of the book covers an overview of population ecology while the second part is on applied ecology or management. His last publication "Conservation Biology in Theory and Practice" gives a history of prehistoric and historic extinctions as well as a collection of case studies. It contains chapters that look at the different ways population dynamics, risks, and legislation are approached. Perez claims that there is such a high volume of conservation textbooks today, but this one is more of a handbook on diagnosing and treating problems with populations. This diagnostic style is in part due to it being written by two field biologists, something that Clinchy and Krebs say took sixteen years in the making. That this is the first time that field biologists have written a book on conservation biology is a breakthrough in conservation biology. Before this, textbooks written by lab ecologists were used to teach field ecologists in a more abstract theoretical way.
Paradigm.
Caughley advocated the use of the Declining Population Paradigm in conservation biology. This paradigm seeks to discover why a population is declining and how to prevent further declines. This opposes the small population paradigm that seeks to determine how long a small population will last. The declining population paradigm is not overly theoretical and does not deal with population viability analysis, effective population size, minimum viable populations or problems related to genetics. Caughley pointed out that it did not require a model to go out and observe what was going on in a system (cause and effect), although this lack of a mathematical model hinders generalisations by requiring case by case assessments.
Shortly after the death of Graeme, Hedrick and colleagues argued against the declining population paradigm for what they called the inclusive population viability analysis (PVA) At a first reading it is difficult to discern what the counter argument is since they state that they agree with Caughley in that a broader understanding and synthesis of ideas is required. It is upon closer examination, however that the concept and statement that "one cannot always interpret the significance of deterministic factors unless a proper inclusive PVA is carried out". This paper was in reaction to Caughley's promotion of common sense and was written by those that encouraged the use of mathematical models. Caughley however, was not against mathematical models and used them to determine rates of increase, dispersal, fecundity, and mortality.
To truly understand the controversy one must read the two articles of "Viva Caughley!". Both articles were written as a rebuttal to Hedrick and colleagues, who claim that Caughley's ideas are overly simplistic. Clinchy and Krebs explain that in fact it was not simple enough and "the basic distinction in conservation biology is between field biologists and lab scientists". It then was a heated debate against those that used expensive modelling programs and those that went out to do the same thing with inexpensive tools purchased at a hardware store such as pvc pipe and bits of string. Upon careful observation there is little disagreement found between what Caughley said and the rebuttal that Hedrick and colleagues gave.
Honors and awards.
~1960 Caughley Beach at Cape Bird, Ross Island named after Graeme in recognition of his work on Emperor and Adelie penguins
1970 Queen Elizabeth II Post-Doctoral Fellowship
1978 Analysis of Vertebrate Populations awarded 'Book of the Year' by the Wildlife Society, Washington, D.C.
1987 Kangaroos: Their Ecology and Management in the Sheep Rangelands of Australia awarded Whitley Book Award Certificate of Commendation by the Royal Zoological Society of New South Wales
1992 Elected to Fellowship of the Australian Academy of Science
1993 Awarded CSIRO Chairman's Medal for outstanding research achievements and leadership in the field of vertebrate ecology
1994 Peter Scott Award for Conservation Merit, Species Survival Commission of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature
Books, theses and papers: bibliography.
See Bibliography of Graeme James Caughley

</doc>
<doc id="20753900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753900" title="Wells Street (Chicago)">
Wells Street (Chicago)

Wells Street is a main North–South road in downtown Chicago. It is officially designated as 200 West, originally named 2nd Avenue and is named in honor of William Wells, a United States Army Captain who died in the Battle of Fort Dearborn.
Wells Street is interrupted by Comiskey Park, Interstate 55, and Lincoln Park. Wells Street crosses the Chicago River at the Wells Street Bridge.
Several Chicago attractions are located on or near Wells Street, including Comiskey Park and Ed Debevic's. Some downtown blocks of Wells Street are located beneath the Chicago 'L' train system.
Wells Street was named in "Time" Magazine's 1976 article "The Porno Plague".

</doc>
<doc id="20753905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753905" title="Cipollone v. Liggett Group, Inc.">
Cipollone v. Liggett Group, Inc.

Cipollone v. Liggett Group, Inc., , was a United States Supreme Court case. In a split opinion, the Court held that the Surgeon General's warning did not preclude suit by smokers against tobacco companies on several claims. The warning at issue said: 
The court's holding and some of Justice Stevens's reasoning enjoyed majority support, but the opinion eventually gained full majority support 16 years later in "Altria Group v. Good".
Background.
Rose Cipollone began smoking at the age of sixteen. She continually smoked a pack and a half a day of Chesterfield cigarettes until she first attempted to quit when she became pregnant, as requested by her husband Tyrone Cipollone. Though she cut down on her regular smoking, she still secretly smoked during her pregnancy. In 1955, Mrs. Cipollone switched to Liggett and Myers brand of cigarettes on the basis that their “pure white Miracle Tip” filter appeared to be a healthier alternative to her habit. In 1968, she switched once again, this time to Philip Morris’ Virginia Slim brand because the women advertised smoking seemed “glamorous". A few years later, in 1972, Ms. Cipollone switched to smoking Parliament brand cigarettes for reasons she attributed to health; Parliaments were advertised to have a recessed filter and lower tar content. Finally, Cipollone switched to Lorillard’s True cigarettes under the recommendation of her physician to either quit smoking or switch to this brand of cigarette with its advertised plastic filter inserts. Rose Cipollone was under the misguided impression that “tobacco companies wouldn’t do anything to kill you,” and therefore, continued to smoke cigarettes.
In the mid-1960s, Rose Cipollone began to develop a smokers’ cough, as well as problems such as chest pain and hypertension. In 1981, doctors found a carcinogenic spot on her right lung and performed a partial lung resection. Mrs. Cipollone still continued to smoke, “though often now in secret". In 1982, the cancer had spread to her lower and middle right lung, and Cipollone had surgery to remove the entire lung as well as a large adrenal mass in 1983. Rose Cipollone died on October 24, 1984, after her lung cancer had spread and become inoperable.
Rose Cipollone became the litigant in the case after she was recommended by her chest surgeon to attorney Marc Edell. Edell had previously represented the asbestos companies in their defense in regard to the health-related claims brought against them. Due to his involvement in asbestos litigation, Edell became familiar with “pulmonary pathology and risks of smoking” and became interested in litigation against the tobacco industry. In need of a client, Edell took on Cipollone’s case in 1983 and filed suit against Liggett and Myers, Philip Morris, and Lorillard in five separate tort cases on August 1.
Trial.
First case.
Edell’s initial case focused on the factor of the cause of Cipollone’s addiction: the nicotine found in her cigarettes. In the initial presentation of the facts, Edell brought forth a series of claims. He planned to prove that: 
The tobacco companies motioned to dismiss the case, citing the 1966 Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertisement Act, which the companies argued preempted independent state regulation of tobacco and therefore prevented state litigation, making the tobacco industry immune to suits. Though the trial judge, Sarokin, ruled in favor of Cipollone, the ruling was overturned by the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. The appellate court allowed the case to be retried in district court on the condition that no claims regarding advertisement and promotion could be made.
Second Case.
In the retrial of the first case under the new conditions, Edell was not allowed to enter evidence claiming that Liggett & Myers had worked on the creation of a safer cigarette, as well as evidence regarding the tobacco industry’s “duty to warn” of the dangers of cigarette smoking, as the point became moot by the appellate court. Regardless of these setbacks, Edell strengthened his case with his access to 300,000 pages of internal documents of the tobacco companies. These documents included compelling and damaging evidence that the tobacco companies had proof, backed by research dating back to the 1940s, that nicotine was addictive and potentially carcinogenic. The tobacco industry unsuccessfully struggled to suppress the evidence on the grounds that it would divulge trade secrets; the trial court judge, Sarokin, ruled that the people and the court had the Constitutional right to know what the companies know. Though the tobacco industry appealed this ruling to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, which upheld the ruling, as well as the Supreme Court, which refused to hear the case, it was established that the evidence would be used in trial. Alongside the confidential tobacco industry documents, Edell argued that the powerful advertising for the brands Cipollone smoked was an unscrupulous strategy utilized by the tobacco industry to not only overshadow the warning labels mandated by the federal government, but also to promote cigarette use and nicotine addiction as a marketing strategy for company profit. Edell claimed that Cipollone’s tobacco use stemmed from her nicotine addiction, which was encouraged by the advertising of Liggett and Myers, Philip Morris, and Lorillard by the use of both health claims and deviously appealing advertising. Cipollone was portrayed as a woman who was disparaged by her powerful addiction to the tobacco industry’s product; expert testimony showed that she even displayed withdrawal symptoms, sometimes digging through “the trash for butts when she ran out of cigarettes”. After presenting his case that the tobacco industry’s advertising of cigarettes and knowledge of risk related to Cipollone’s claims, the defense moved for dismissal. The motion was denied.
The tobacco industry argued that Rose Cipollone was fully aware of the risks of smoking both before and during her cigarette use. She was an independent woman, making an independent decision to continue smoking, and she was in control, not the nicotine. Furthermore, even if the cigarettes had caused her death, it was in no way the responsibility of the industry, as research, as well as the confidential documents entered into evidence, did not show any explicit proof that lung cancer is linked directly to smoking. Furthermore, expert testimony revealed that the type of lung cancer affecting Mrs. Cipollone was not associated with smoking, and that Cipollone’s constant switching between “healthier” brands showed her acknowledgment of the dangers of smoking.
Ruling.
District Court.
The jury deliberated for 6 days, and reached the verdict that: 
It was considered a victory for both sides; while Cipollone was awarded damages, signifying the first time a tobacco company had paid damages in a liability case, the tobacco industry was justified in their claim regarding free choice in the decision to smoke cigarettes.
Court of Appeals.
In 1990, the Third Circuit appellate court threw out the verdict and: 
Five days after the appellate ruling, Tyrone Cipollone died, and the case continued on with his son. Both the plaintiff and the defense in this case were looking for a concrete doctrine regarding the ability to litigate regarding preemption, state regulation of tobacco, and the Act cited in the first trial of the case.
Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court addressed the issue of preemption in regard to state litigation of the tobacco industry and whether common law damages constitute a requirement based on smoking and health based on state law in regard to advertisements and promotion. The Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act of 1969, which excludes all manufacturers who label their packages with proper warnings from requirement or prohibition led the majority of the court to the opinion that: 
The majority ruling also limited the potential litigants to smokers who developed disease prior to 1969. The opinion did not exclude fraud and conspiracy or express warranty, as section 5b of the 1969 Act does not explicitly define this; if the plaintiff could prove that the industry conspired to hide evidence concerning the harms of smoking or lied to the public about them, or if express warranties were breached, then a new case can be filed, as there is no discussion of tort litigation or damage claims in the Act. While the concurring opinion found that no damage claims were preempted rather than not discussed, the dissenting justices found that all state laws were preempted by the act.
Judgment of the Court.
Written by Justice Stevens.
Excerpt:
Article VI of the Constitution provides that the laws of the United States "shall be the supreme Law of the Land; . . . any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any state to the Contrary notwithstanding." Art. VI, cl. 2. Thus, since our decision in McCulloch v. Maryland, 17 U.S. (4 Wheat.) 316, 427, 4 L. Ed. 579 (1819), it has been settled that state law that conflicts with federal law is "without effect." Maryland v. Louisiana, 451 U.S. 725, 746, 68 L. Ed. 2d 576, 101 S. Ct. 2114 (1981). Consideration of issues arising under the Supremacy Clause "starts with the assumption that the historic police powers of the States not to be superseded by . . . Federal Act unless that [is the clear and manifest purpose of Congress." Rice v. Santa Fe Elevator Corp., 331 U.S. 218, 230, 91 L. Ed. 1447, 67 S. Ct. 1146 (1947). Accordingly, "'the purpose of Congress is the ultimate touchstone'" of pre-emption analysis. Malone v. White Motor Corp., 435 U.S. 497, 504, 55 L. Ed. 2d 443, 98 S. Ct. 1185 (1978) (quoting Retail Clerks v. Schermerhorn, 375 U.S. 96, 103, 11 L. Ed. 2d 179, 84 S. Ct. 219 (1963)). 
Congress' intent may be "explicitly stated in the statute's language or implicitly contained in its structure and purpose." Jones v. Rath Packing Co., 430 U.S. 519, 525, 51 L. Ed. 2d 604, 97 S. Ct. 1305 (1977). In the absence of an express congressional command, state law is pre-empted if that law actually conflicts with federal law, see Pacific Gas & Elec. Co. v. State Energy Resources Conservation and Development Comm'n, 461 U.S. 190, 204, 75 L. Ed. 2d 752, 103 S. Ct. 1713 (1983), or if federal law so thoroughly occupies a legislative field "'as to make reasonable the inference that Congress left no room for the States to supplement it.'" Fidelity Fed. Sav. & Loan Assn. v. De la Cuesta, 458 U.S. 141, 153, 73 L. Ed. 2d 664, 102 S. Ct. 3014 (1982) (quoting Rice v. Santa Fe Elevator Corp., 331 U.S. at 230).

</doc>
<doc id="20753910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753910" title="Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski">
Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski

Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski (April 7, 1873 – October 9, 1936) was a German writer, translator, publisher and cultural historian. His grave is located in the Südwestkirchhof Stahnsdorf near Berlin.
Life.
Friedrich von Oppeln-Bronikowski was born into a traditionalist family of military officers in Kassel. He began a similarly ambitious military career himself, attending a cadet academy then joining a Hussar regiment. A serious riding accident brought his military career to a sudden end, however.
Studies and Writing Career.
Oppeln-Bronikowski turned his attention to a civilian education, studying philosophy and archaeology in Berlin. Afterwards he lived as an independent author first in Italy then in Switzerland. In 1905 he returned to Berlin and published numerous novels, novellas, and short stories. Military life and Prussian history were frequent subjects of his works and appealed to the interests of his contemporaries. He also wrote biographical compositions and essays on cultural history.
Translations.
Oppeln-Bronikowski translated a great deal of French and Belgian literature, including the works of Maurice Maeterlinck. Notably, he also translated Niccolò Machiavelli's "The Prince" from Italian. With the beginning of the First World War in 1914, Oppeln-Bronikowski was summoned for military service and served with the General Staff. From 1920 to 1923 he was active in the foreign ministry.
Writings against Antisemitism.
In his later works Oppeln-Bronikowski opposed the growing antisemitism in Germany. He advocated equitable treatment of Jews with "Antisemitismus? Eine unparteiische Prüfung" ("Antisemitism? An objective examination") in 1920 and "Gerechtigkeit! Zur Lösung der Judenfrage" ("Justice! Resolving the Jewish question") in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20753929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753929" title="The Notorious Elinor Lee">
The Notorious Elinor Lee

The Notorious Elinor Lee (1940) is a race film directed, written, and co-produced by the African-American filmmaker Oscar Micheaux.
Plot.
Elinor Lee, a gangster’s moll living in the Harlem section of New York City, has signed up-and-coming boxer Benny Blue to a 10-year contract. Lee and a pair of corrupt fight promoter scheme to build up Blue as a potential champion, with the goal of betting against him when they force him to take a dive in a champion fight. Lee conspires to hire Fredi, an old friend of Blue and an escaped convict hiding from the law, to be his sweetheart and to control him for Lee and her partners. 
The plans are derailed when Blue loses a key fight to a German boxer, but he works to regain his standing in the sport and is able to meet the German in a rematch after two years have passed. Lee and her partners bet against Blue, but they are financially ruined when Blue prevails in the fight and comes out the winner.
Production.
"The Notorious Elinor Lee" was shot at Biograph Studios in The Bronx, New York. The film’s production was covered by "Time" magazine, which described filmmaker Micheaux as a “thickset, mild-mannered, chocolate-colored producer.”
Robert Earl Jones was cast as Benny Blue, with Edna Mae Harris as Fredi and Gladys Williams, the star of Micheaux’s "Lying Lips", as Elinor Lee. Two African-American actors with Hollywood careers beyond race films had smaller roles: Oscar Polk, who was best known for playing the servant Pork in the 1939 classic "Gone with the Wind", and Juano Hernandez, the Puerto Rico-born star of the 1949 drama "Intruder in the Dust".
Hubert Julian, the pioneering African-American aviator, was an associate producer for the film. Julian announced plans to produce a series of films with Micheaux, including a biography on Julian's aviation career, but only collaborated with him on "The Notorious Elinor Lee".
Release.
The film had its premiere in Harlem on January 15, 1940. Julian served as the master of ceremonies at the gala opening. Wearing formal clothing including a top hat, white silk gloves and an Inverness cape, Julian cautioned the opening night audience on the film's lack of polish by stating: “Don’t expect the perfection of a Hollywood picture, but know that we’ve done our very best.”
"The Notorious Elinor Lee" was Micheaux’s penultimate film production. He would make one final feature, "The Betrayal", for a 1948 release.

</doc>
<doc id="20753956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753956" title="Meconopsis aculeata">
Meconopsis aculeata

Meconopsis aculeata is a blue-flowered thorny species of the genus "Meconopsis" with a small geographical distribution restricted to specific areas of Pakistan and India, in the west Himalayas. The species was described from specimens collected here, by Royle in 1833.
The species is highly valued as a medicinal plant, and the resulting demand for the plant as medicine has placed pressure on wild populations due to over-collection. 

</doc>
<doc id="20753960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753960" title="Peter Brown (Oz)">
Peter Brown (Oz)

Peter Brown is a major character in the Oz novels of Ruth Plumly Thompson, who continued the series of Oz books after the death of their creator, L. Frank Baum. Thompson used Peter as the protagonist in three of her books: "The Gnome King of Oz" (1927), "Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz" (1929), and "Pirates in Oz" (1931).
Peter constitutes the first time in the Oz series in which a boy from the United States serves as the protagonist in the novels, rather than a supporting character. (Contrast Zeb in "Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz", Button-Bright in "The Road to Oz" and other books, and Bob Up in Thompson's earlier "The Cowardly Lion of Oz".) Peter is not only the protagonist of the three novels but the hero, in that his positive actions and traits bring about the affirmative resolution of the plot conflicts in the books.
When Thompson introduces him in "Gnome King", Peter is a nine-year-old boy from Philadelphia. Peter is being raised by his grandfather; he is one of the long list of orphans or apparent orphans in children's literature (they are notably frequent in the Oz books themselves). His travels to the world of Oz provide him opportunities to display courage, independence, loyalty and other traditional virtues; in this, he differs from Button-Bright and Bob Up, younger children with less effect on their plots. At the end of "Gnome King", Peter has a chance to become a prince of Oz — which he rejects, out of loyalty to his friends and fellow baseball-team members at home in Philadelphia. Peter brings bags of gold home to his grandfather.
His attitude toward life is somewhat insouciant and devil-may-care; in the opening chapter of "Jack Pumpkinhead" he wonders idly if "the Gnome King has gotten into any more mischief" — giving little serious consideration to the most persistent villain in the Oz universe.
"Pirates in Oz", the third book in which Peter appears, contains a contradiction on Peter's age. The book identifies him as eleven years old, but also states that five years have passed since the events of "Gnome King", which would make Peter fourteen, however, she may be referring to four years in Oz, and not Philadelphia.
Thompson herself noted her tendency to favor boy heroes, in contrast to Baum's preference for girl protagonists (Dorothy Gale, Princess Ozma, Betsy Bobbin, and Trot). Peter Brown is the most prominent of these boy characters.

</doc>
<doc id="20753999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20753999" title="Lajeado Grande River">
Lajeado Grande River

Rio Lajeado Grande is a river in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The river empties into rio Taquari.

</doc>
<doc id="20754016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754016" title="Reinado Internacional del Café 2008">
Reinado Internacional del Café 2008

Reinado Internacional del Café 2008, was held in Manizales, Colombia, on January 12, 2008. 21 contestants attended the event. The winner was Jessica Jordan, from Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="20754031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754031" title="The Swimming Hole">
The Swimming Hole

The Swimming Hole (also known as Swimming and The Old Swimming Hole) is an 1884–85 painting by the American artist Thomas Eakins (1844–1916), Goodrich catalog #190, in the collection of the Amon Carter Museum in Fort Worth, Texas. Executed in oil on canvas, it depicts six men swimming naked in a lake, and is considered a masterpiece of American painting. According to art historian Doreen Bolger it is "perhaps Eakins' most accomplished rendition of the nude figure", and has been called "the most finely designed of all his outdoor pictures". Since the Renaissance, the human body has been considered both the basis of artists' training and the most challenging subject to depict in art, and the nude was the centerpiece of Eakins' teaching program at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. For Eakins, this picture was an opportunity to display his mastery of the human form.
In this work, Eakins took advantage of an exception to the generally prudish Victorian attitude to nudity: swimming naked was widely accepted, and for males was seen as normal, even in public spaces. Eakins was the first American artist to portray one of the few occasions in 19th-century life when nudity was on display. "The Swimming Hole" develops themes raised in his earlier work, in particular his treatment of buttocks and his ambiguous treatment of the human form; in some cases it is uncertain as to whether the forms portrayed are male or female. Such themes had earlier been examined in his "The Gross Clinic" (1875) and "William Rush" (1877), and would continue to be explored in his paintings of boxers ("Taking the Count", "Salutat", and "Between Rounds") and wrestlers ("Wrestlers").
Although the theme of male bathers was familiar in Western art, having been explored by artists from Michelangelo to Daumier, Eakins' treatment was novel in American art at the time. "The Swimming Hole" has been "widely cited as a prime example of homoeroticism in American art". In 2008, the art critic Tom Lubbock described Eakins' work as:
Title and composition.
Eakins referred to the painting as "Swimming" in 1885, and as "The Swimmers" in 1886. The title "The Swimming Hole" dates from 1917 (the year after Eakins died), when the work was so described by the artist's widow, Susan Macdowell Eakins. Four years later, she titled the work "The Old Swimming Hole", in reference to the 1882 poem "The Old Swimmin'-Hole"; by James Whitcomb Riley. The Amon Carter Museum has since returned to Eakins' original title, "Swimming".
The painting shows Eakins and five friends or students bathing at Dove Lake, an artificial lake in Mill Creek outside Philadelphia. Each of the men is looking at the water, in the words of Martin A. Berger, "apparently lost in a contemplative moment". Eakins' precise rendering of the figures has enabled scholars to identify all those depicted in the work. They are (from left to right): Talcott Williams (1849–1928), Benjamin Fox (c. 1865 – c. 1900), John Laurie Wallace (1864–1953), Jesse Godley (1862–1889), Harry the dog (Eakins' Irish Setter, c. 1880–90), George Reynolds (c. 1839–89), and Eakins himself. The rocky promontory on which several of the men rest is the foundation of the Mill Creek mill, which was razed in 1873. It is the only sign of civilization in the work—no shoes, clothes, or bath houses are visible. The foliage in the background provides a dark background against which the swimmers' skin tones contrast.
The composition is pyramidal. The figure reclining at left leads the viewer's eye to the seated figure, whose gesture in turn points to Godley at the apex of the compositional pyramid. The diving figure at right leads to the swimming form of Eakins, who painted himself into the scene and whose leftward movement directs attention back into the painting. Eakins enforces this pyramidal structure by manipulating the focus of the painting: the center area containing the swimmers is extremely precise, while the outer areas are diffuse, with "virtually no moderating zones in between". The lighting within the picture is unnatural—too bright in some places, and too dark in others—although the effect, which tends to accentuate the body lines of the swimmers, is generally subtle.
The composition is notable for both its adherence to academic tradition (the mastery of the figure as an end in itself), and its uniqueness in transposing the male nude to an outdoor setting. The depiction of someone diving into water was very rare in the history of Western art. The other figures are artfully arranged to imply a continuous narrative of movement, the poses progressing "from reclining to sitting to standing to diving"; at the same time, each figure is carefully positioned so that no genitalia are visible. As in his previous works, Eakins chose to include a self-portrait, here as the swimmer at bottom-right. Unlike his appearances in "The Gross Clinic" or "Max Schmitt in a Single Scull", here the artist's presence is more ambiguous—he may be seen as companion, teacher, or voyeur. The ripple in the water next to Eakins, and the bubbles around the diver, are the only indications of movement in a painting where motion is otherwise arrested; the water next to the red-headed figure in the lake is still enough to offer a clear reflection. This contrast underscores the tension in the picture between classical prototypes and scientific naturalism.
The positioning of the bodies and their musculature refers to classical ideals of physical beauty and masculine camaraderie evocative of Greek art. The reclining figure is a paraphrase of the "Dying Gaul", and is juxtaposed with the far less formal self-depiction by the artist. It is possible that Eakins was seeking to reconcile an ancient theme with a modern interpretation; the subject was contemporary, but the poses of some of the figures recall those of classical sculpture. One possible influence by a contemporary source was "Scène d'été", painted in 1869 by Frédéric Bazille (1841–70). It is not unlikely that Eakins saw the painting at the Salon while studying in Paris, and would have been sympathetic to its depiction of male bathers in a modern setting.
In Eakins' oeuvre, "The Swimming Hole" was immediately preceded by a number of similar works on the Arcadian theme. These correspond to lectures he gave on Ancient Greek sculpture and were inspired by the Pennsylvania Academy's casts of Phidias' Pan-Athenaic procession from the Parthenon marbles. A series of photographs, relief sculptures, and oil sketches culminated in the 1883 "Arcadia", a painting that also featured nude figures—posed for by a student, a nephew, and the artist's fiancée—in a pastoral landscape.
Studies.
Eakins made several on-site oil sketches and photographic studies before painting "The Swimming Hole". It is unknown whether the photographs were taken before the oil sketches were produced or vice versa (or, indeed, whether they were created on the same day).
By the early 1880s, Eakins was using photography to explore sequential movement and as a reference for painting. Some time in 1883 or 1884, he photographed his students engaged in outdoor activities. Four photographs of his students swimming naked in Dove Lake have survived, and bear a clear relationship to "The Swimming Hole". The swimmers are seen in the same spot and from the same vantage point, although their positions are entirely different from those in the painting. None of the photographs closely matches the poses depicted in the painting; this was unusual for Eakins, who typically adhered closely to his photographic studies. "The divergence between these sets of images may hint at lost or destroyed pictures, or it may tell us that the photographs came first, before Eakins' mental image had crystallized, and before the execution of his first oil sketch." The poses in the photographs are more spontaneous, while those of the painting are deliberately composed with a classical "severity". Although no photographic studies have survived that would suggest a more direct connection between the photographs and the painting, recent scholarship has proposed that marks incised onto the canvas and later covered by paint indicate that Eakins made use of light-projected photographs.
Eakins combined his studies into a final oil sketch in 1884, which became the basis for the finished painting. The basic composition remained unchanged, as all six men and the dog appeared in the sketch; however, Eakins, who usually adhered closely to his sketches when developing a final work, made several uncharacteristic alterations to the specific movements and positions of the figures. A friend and student, Charles Bregler, described the process:
Commission and reception.
The painting was commissioned in 1884 by Edward Hornor Coates, a Philadelphia businessman who chaired the Committee on Instruction at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, where Eakins taught. Coates intended to pay Eakins $800 ($  in dollars), which at the time was the largest commission Eakins had been offered.
Coates intended the painting for an exhibition at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, and it was shown at the Academy's exhibition in the fall of 1885. However, Coates rejected it as unrepresentative of Eakins' oeuvre. In a November 27, 1885 letter to Eakins, Coates reasoned:
It is not known precisely why Coates failed to purchase the painting; however, it seems likely that Coates felt the work was too controversial to acquire. Coates, as Head of Instruction at Eakins' academy, would have been familiar with the subject matter of Eakins' works, and thus it seems unlikely that the nudity in the painting would have surprised or shocked him. Rather, it seems certain that Coates would have recognized the majority of men in the painting, as all but one were students of Eakins at the academy. He was undoubtedly familiar with the site depicted in the painting too, as it was only a half a mile (800 m) from Haverford College, where Coates studied as an undergraduate. The depiction of a professor and his students together in the nude would have been a sensitive subject for the academy's directors, who had forbidden Eakins from using Academy students as models, as modeling was considered indecent. Coates chose to exchange "The Swimming Hole" for the "less controversial genre scene" of Eakins' "The Pathetic Song"—today housed in the Corcoran Gallery of Art— and paid Eakins the $800 he had offered for the original commission.
On February 9, 1886, Eakins was forced to resign from the Academy because of his removal of a loincloth from a male model in a class where female students were present. In a letter to Coates on February 15 in which Eakins explained his reasons for resigning, he addressed the issue of nudity in his artwork:
Provenance.
Following its rejection by Coates, the painting remained in Eakins' possession until his death. It was exhibited just twice more during Eakins' lifetime: at the 1886 Southern Exposition in Louisville, Kentucky, and in 1887 at Chicago's Inter-State Industrial Exposition, and ignored by critics on both occasions. The painting then disappears from the historical record—there is no further reference to the painting in any records from Eakins or his circle of friends during Eakins' lifetime. Following Eakins' death, the painting was exhibited in Philadelphia and New York at memorial exhibitions in 1917.
In 1925, "The Swimming Hole" was purchased from the artist's widow by the community of Fort Worth, Texas for $750 ($  in dollars). Thereafter it was in the collection of the Fort Worth Art Association, the institutional predecessor of the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, and was displayed in the city's public library. In 1990, the museum announced it intended to sell the painting to build an endowment for the purchase of contemporary art. A public outcry ensued, prompting the museum to search for a local buyer. Eventually, after tumultuous negotiations, the Amon Carter Museum agreed to purchase "The Swimming Hole" for $10 million ($  in dollars).
Restorations.
Before its purchase by the Amon Carter Museum, "The Swimming Hole" appears to have undergone seven different conservatory treatments. It may have been restored prior to its inclusion in Eakins' memorial exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 1917. A photograph from that time reveals cracks in the glazes and a drip mark, possibly caused by the splash of a caustic liquid. After the painting was acquired by the Fort Worth Art Association, it was often lent out for exhibitions and was damaged as a result. In 1937 it was relined by a private gallery in New York City and the drip was painted out. In 1944 it was relined and restored and in 1947 it was restored again, both times by a private New York dealer. The Brooklyn Museum performed two minor restorations in 1954 and 1957. Although it continued to travel frequently, "The Swimming Hole" received no comprehensive treatment until 1993.
Following its purchase by the Amon Carter Museum, in June 1993, Claire M. Barry and staff from the Amon Carter and the Kimbell Art Museums began a major restoration of the painting. According to Barry, "The restoration revealed relatively little significant damage or deterioration not previously visible. Several layers of discolored varnish and overpaint were removed, exposing a rich and varied surface with brushwork ranging from the controlled, almost miniaturistic strokes forming the figures to the freer treatment of the landscape elements."
Much effort went into distinguishing the original glazes from those added during subsequent restorations. Previous retouches were removed and a natural resin varnish was applied. The painting's original frame, long missing, was located in 1992. It too was cleaned, restored, and reinstalled to the painting.
During the restoration, it was discovered that a long-standing ascription of the painting's date to 1883 was the result of a misinterpretation: the artist's original inscription of 1885 was painted in a fugitive red-lake pigment that had faded, and was mistakenly repainted by a conservator to the earlier date.
Interpretation.
"The Swimming Hole" represented the full range of Eakins' techniques and academic principles. He used life study, photography, wax studies, and landscape sketches to produce a work that manifested his interest in the human form. Lloyd Goodrich (1897–1987) believed the work was "Eakins' most masterful use of the nude", with the solidly conceived figures perfectly integrated into the landscape, an image of subtle tonal construction and one of the artist's "richest pieces of painting". Another biographer, William Innes Homer (b. 1929), was more reserved and described the poses of the figures as rigidly academic. Homer found inconsistencies in paint quality and atmospheric effect, and wrote that the painting was unsuccessful in reconciling antique and naturalistic ideals. For him, "it is as though these nudes had been abruptly transplanted from the studio into nature".
Before the mid-19th century, the subject of the nude male figure in Western art had long been reserved for classical subject matter. In the 19th century, it was not unusual for boys and men to swim without clothing in public, but there was no precedent for this subject in American painting. Although there was an informal convention for multiple-figure compositions featuring female nudes, in America such paintings were exhibited in saloons rather than galleries; Eakins altered the gender and presented the subject as fine art. Viewed in a broader context, "The Swimming Hole" has been cited as one of the few 19th-century American paintings that "engages directly with a newly emerging European tradition"—that of the male bather. Eakins' picture, although not as stylistically progressive as the works of his French contemporaries, parallels the novel thematic direction taken by Bazille in "Summer Scene", Georges Seurat (1859–91) ("Bathers at Asnières", 1884) and Paul Cézanne (1839–1906) in his numerous explorations of the subject.
Eakins' work influenced the subsequent generation of American realists, particularly the artists of the Ashcan School. George Bellows' (1882–1925) "Forty-two Kids", painted in 1907, bears obvious similarity to "The Swimming Hole", although Bellows' painting has been interpreted as a parody of the Eakins, and the many naked children of the title are playing in the urban Hudson River of New York City rather than in a rural setting. In a sentiment that reflected Eakins' philosophy, Bellows later explained his motivation for painting "Forty-two Kids": "Prizefighters and swimmers are the only types whose muscular action can be painted in the nude legitimately."
Eakins' widow's retitling of the picture after his death reinforced the popular association with the nostalgic sentiment of Riley's poem. More recently, the painting's subject has been compared to the poem "Song of Myself" by Walt Whitman (1819–92), particularly the section "", given the shared interest in the imagery of men bathing in the nude. Whitman may have provided inspiration: the celebration of nudity, which in Whitman's case was an open expression of his homosexuality, informs the art of both men. In 1895, one of Eakins' male students reminisced about "us Whitman fellows", which has been interpreted as a reference to homosexuality. "But for their marital status, however, virtually nothing concrete is known of the private realms or sexual propensities of any of the men depicted (in "The Swimming Hole"), with the exception of Eakins."
Although the painting has been viewed as a platonic vision of the male nude seen unselfconsciously in a natural setting, by the 1970s some American writers were beginning to see Eakins' work, and specifically "The Swimming Hole", as having homoerotic implications. Critics have paid particular attention to the compositional prominence of the standing figure's buttocks, which has been interpreted as suggestive of "homoerotic interests". According to Jonathan Weinberg, "The Swimming Hole" marked the beginning of homoerotic imagery in American art. Eakins left a record simultaneously provocative and ambiguous on matters of sex. On the basis of the same visual evidence, that of the photographs, oil sketches, and the finished painting of swimmers, art historians have drawn markedly varying conclusions as to the artist's intent.

</doc>
<doc id="20754044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754044" title="Mike Anscombe">
Mike Anscombe

Mike Anscombe is a Canadian broadcaster who appeared on the Global Television Network between 1974 and 1997 as a news anchor; most notably as one of the "Three Nice Guys" when he co-anchored Global's noon newscast with John Dawe and Bob McAdorey. He is a former host of CBC Sports "Hockey Night in Canada" and currently the host of Leafs TV's "Once a Leaf".

</doc>
<doc id="20754048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754048" title="Gates Family Foundation">
Gates Family Foundation

The Gates Family Foundation is one of the largest philanthropic organizations in Colorado, based in Denver. 
Background.
Founded in 1946, the Foundation currently has net assets of approximately $500 million. In 2007, the Foundation paid roughly $20 million in grants, all of which went to Colorado recipients.
The source of the original endowment is the Gates Rubber Company of Denver, Colorado.
The Foundation is well known in Denver, for example including the Gates Planetarium at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science.

</doc>
<doc id="20754076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754076" title="John Hudgins">
John Hudgins

John Michael Hudgins (born August 31, 1981 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a former minor league pitcher who is most notable for winning the 2003 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at Stanford University. He is one of three players from Stanford University to win the award. The other two are Lee Plemel and Paul Carey.
In 2001 with Stanford, he went 1-5 with a 4.30 ERA. In 2002, he went 10-1 with a 4.71 ERA, and in 2003 he went 14-3 with a 2.99 ERA.
He attended Mission Viejo High School prior to starring at Stanford University.
Hudgins was drafted by the Oakland Athletics in the 20th round of the 2000 amateur draft, however he did not sign. In 2003, he was drafted in the third round by the Texas Rangers. He was signed by scout Tim Fortugno, and began his professional career that year.
Playing for the Clinton LumberKings, he played in a single game in his debut professional season, striking out four batters in two innings. His professional career got rolling in 2004, as he split the season between the Stockton Ports, Oklahoma RedHawks and Frisco RoughRiders. He appeared in 30 total games, starting 25 of them and going 8-5 with a 3.14 ERA. The following year, he played for the RedHawks and RoughRiders, going a combined 4-9 in 22 games (21 starts). His ERA jumped to 5.70. He began the 2006 season in the Rangers organization, playing for the RedHawks. However, he was traded with minor leaguer Vince Sinisi to the San Diego Padres for Freddy Guzman and minor leaguer Cesar Rojas on May 11. In his new organization, he played for the Portland Beavers and Mobile Bay Bears. He went a combined 6-5 with a 3.64 ERA in 2006. He played for the Peoria Saguaros of the Arizona Fall League in 2007 and in 2008 he played for the AZL Padres, going 0-1 with a 4.50 ERA in two games. He split 2009 between the San Antonio Missions and Portland Beavers, going a combined 1-3 with a 4.33 ERA in 39 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20754084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754084" title="Daily Champion">
Daily Champion

The Daily Champion is an English language newspaper in Nigeria.
The "Champion" is privately owned, and is published in Lagos.
As of March 2011 the Executive Chairman and publisher of Champion Newspapers was Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu.
Iwuanyanwu is one of the wealthiest of Igbo people.
According to Iyara Esu, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calabar, the "Daily Champion" is "the major paper we have east of the Niger, a paper that is indigenous to our people, that is the voice of people, this part of the country".
The "Daily Champion" covers a wide variety of news, sports, business and community events. 
The typical article cites two or more sources, slightly higher than the average for Nigerian newspapers, but the newspaper relies more heavily on government and business sources than others, often reporting what the source has said with little analysis or criticism. Compared to other papers, the "Daily Champion" tends to report more positively on the oil industry.
The newspaper is usually cautious in its coverage of issues, and does not stray far from the government line.

</doc>
<doc id="20754087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754087" title="Monatin">
Monatin

Monatin, commonly known as arruva, is a naturally occurring, high intensity sweetener isolated from the plant "Sclerochiton ilicifolius", found in the Transvaal region of South Africa. Monatin contains no carbohydrate or sugar, and nearly no food energy, unlike sucrose or other nutritive sweeteners.
The name "monatin" is derived from the indigenous word for it, "molomo monate," which literally means "mouth nice." 
Monatin is an indole derivative, and upon degradation smells like feces. 
See also.
Sugar substitute

</doc>
<doc id="20754097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754097" title="Rosenberg (surname)">
Rosenberg (surname)

Rosenberg is a Germanic-language family name and toponym. Its principal meaning is "mountain of roses", from "rose" + "berg". However, as a toponym, in some locations it may have originally meant "red mountain" or simply "red hill", from "rot" + "berg". The terminal consonant of the /rot/-/roθ/-/roð/-/ros/ syllable has varied across regions and centuries; there are many variations of the name, including "Rosenberg, Rotenberg, Rothenberg, Rodenberg", and "Rozenberg".
Today there are many people around the world whose central European ancestors adopted the surname, including many Germans. It is, additionally, used by many Ashkenazi Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="20754105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754105" title="BMW Z4 (E89)">
BMW Z4 (E89)

BMW E89 is the chassis code of the second generation of BMW Z4. It now has a retractable hardtop like the Mercedes SLK replacing the previous coupé and roadster (soft-top convertible) versions for the 2009 model year.
The new model was officially announced on 13 December 2008. The vehicle was unveiled in 2009 North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
Technology.
In the Z4 sDrive35i, the new 7-speed double-clutch gearbox is used. In the 28i and 30i a six-speed sports automatic transmission with "Steptronic" is offered. Fitted as standard is a 6-speed manual transmission.
EfficientDynamics regenerative braking is standard in most regions. The Drive Dynamic Control is standard, which include NORMAL, SPORT, SPORT+ modes. Optional Adaptive M Sport Suspension adds electronic damping control. The hand brake is electro-mechanically operated.
All BMW Z4 have as standard safety equipment: ABS including emergency brake assist and CBC, pretensioner and belt load limiter, and ESP with ASR. Furthermore, they are equipped with four airbags (driver/front seat passengers and two side airbags). The dynamic stop light feature has two stages, indicating how strongly the brakes are being applied. For normal braking, the main light element blinks, as well as blinking just before the vehicle comes to a standstill. Finally, two roll-over bars behind the seats and a reinforced windscreen protect occupants in case of roll-over.
Design.
The new roadster features a completely revamped interior designed by Nadya Arnaout, and exterior designed by Juliane Blasi in early 2006.
Since the new Z4 now has a retractable hardtop, it no longer comes in separate roadster and coupé versions. The two-piece, electro-hydraulic retractable hardtop in lightweight aluminium shell can be folded up or down in 20 seconds automatically. In the open state, the boot capacity is 180 liters (if closed: 310 l).
Differences from the previous.
Compared to the previous generation Z4, the new vehicle has grown longer, wider, in wheelbase, and is significantly heavier, adding between and in unloaded weight, when compared to the previous model.
The E89 is not produced, as its predecessor, in the Spartanburg, South Carolina manufacturing facility, but in Regensburg. It is also the first BMW roadster to use iDrive.
Model upgrades in 2013.
In March 2013 new LED headlights as well as modified back lights and indicators were introduced. Additionally, a new engine in the Z4 sDrive18i is now available. 
Also added were two interior trim packages "Design Pure Balance" and "Design Pure Traction", which can be combined with the M Sport Package. The theme- and color-balanced interior packages each include new trim and upholstery. In addition, the enclosure of the "Control Panel" has been replaced by a higher-quality material and feel and audible feedback of a few buttons and switches were upgraded in quality.
Besides the option to order the hardtop in contrasting color to the body (black or silver), BMW offers the painting "Valencia Orange Metallic" for the Z4 since March 2013.
Specifications.
Engines.
The BMW Z4 sDrive35is also comes as standard with an M Sports Package including the M Aerodynamics Package and adaptive M Suspension featuring electronically controlled dampers.
US models include sDrive30i (until 2011) sDrive 28i (2012-) and sDrive35i.
BMW Z4 GTE.
In late 2012, BMW Motorsport set out to replace the successful M3 GT/GT2, a car which brought BMW two team and manufacturers' championships (2010 & 2011), one drivers championship (2011), back to back Sebring 12 Hour GT class wins in 2011 and 2012 in the American Le Mans Series, as well as numerous victories in the then Intercontinental Le Mans Cup (now the World Endurance Championship) in Europe. BMW turned to the successful Z4 GT3 platform to develop a LM GTE specification race car for the ALMS, and any GTE class series. The Z4 GTE uses the Z4 body, and same 4.4 litre V8 engine as the GT3 car. The drivetrain and gearbox are much the same in the two different types of Z4. The engine in the GT3 version produces around 500 horsepower, likewise in the GTE version, but the RPM limits are 9000, and 7500, respectively. Most of the differences between the two automobiles are in aerodynamics. The GT3 car has much more sophisticated aero, with a set of winglets on the front fenders to provide additional downforce. Both cars share a front splitter, while the GTE has slight modifications on the side edges to condition the airflow around the front wheels. The GT3 version also has a double deck rear wing, with the GTE car having a single deck wing. The rear diffuser is also less aggressive in the GTE car; it also has much wider bodywork in the rear of the car, with heavily modified aero around the wheel arches, front, and specifically rear, compared to the GT3. 
The car was debuted at the 2013 12 Hours of Sebring by BMW Team Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing running competitively despite being a new car. Leading the GTE class at times, both Z4 GTE's encountered suspension problems with three hours to go, and went 3-5 laps down from the class leaders. The cars also showed exceptional handling, but a slight lack in straight line speed, which is expected to be addressed with ongoing aerodynamic development from BMW Motorsport through the ALMS season. The 2013 Long Beach Grand Prix proved to be the first win for the car, with the #55 Z4 GTE driven by Bill Auberlen and Maxime Martin driving a fine race, bringing home a 1-2 finish for BMW. A second win for the #56 car of John Edwards and Dirk Muller from pole position at Lime Rock Park proved the pace of the car.
The Z4 GTE will feature in the GTLM class of the Tudor United SportsCar Championship - a merger of the ALMS and Grand-Am, debuting at the 2014 Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona in January.
BMW Z4 GT3.
An FIA GT3-specification car available to private teams. While the production version of the BMW Z4 has a six-cylinder engine, the GT3 car is powered by a 4.4-litre eight-cylinder engine derived from the BMW M3 GTS, which produces approx. . The weight of the BMW Z4 GT3 is approx. . In its first year of racing, the car proved competitive in the FIA GT3 European Championship as well as not only emerging victorious from the Dubai 24 Hour endurance event, but also heading to second place from a low 49th position at the 2011 24 Hours of Spa-Francorchamps event by the Need For Speed Team Schubert.
Nobuteru Taniguchi and Taku Bamba were the champions of the GT300 class in the 2011 Super GT season.
BMW 328 Hommage (2011).
It is a concept vehicle commemorating 75th anniversary of BMW 328. It included exterior and interior parts made of carbon fibre reinforced plastic (CFRP); leather, matt and high-gloss black polished aluminium as well as the CFRP interior; asymmetrically designed windscreen with a recess in the middle, four wide leather straps run across the bonnet, two-part light alloy wheels with black aluminium rim and black chrome butterfly nut bearing the BMW emblem.
The vehicle was unveiled in 2011 Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion and later in 2011 Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance.
Zagato Roadster (2012).
The BMW Zagato Roadster is a one-off concept car made by Zagato in collaboration with BMW. It was introduced at the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance on 19 August 2012. It reportedly took six weeks to make. Karl Baumer, head of BMW Group Classic, stated at the debut that it "might be produced, if we get enough deposits." 
Zagato Coupe (2012).
The BMW Zagato Coupé is a one-off concept car made by Zagato in collaboration with BMW. Introduced in Lake Como, Italy at the Concorso d'Eleganza Villa d'Este on 25 May 2012.
The bright red exterior paint has an iridescent effect and returns different shades. The alloy wheels have a diameter of 19 inches. The coupe has the signature double-bubble roof of the Zagato design house.

</doc>
<doc id="20754143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754143" title="Ryan Pritt">
Ryan Pritt

Ryan Pritt (born July 15, 1986) is the co-owner of Pritt Entertainment Group and in-park host and public address announcer for the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball. He is also the public address announcer for the Lake Erie Monsters of the American Hockey League.
Biography.
Pritt, who replaced Daune Robinson after the 2006 MLB season, became the youngest public address announcer in Major League Baseball history. He made his debut as one of the voices of Progressive Field (then Jacobs Field) on April 14, 2007 at the age of 20. Pritt is the regular scoreboard in-park host and also serves as backup to Bob Tayek, the Indians public address announcer. Pritt was behind the microphone when the Indians defeated the Oakland Athletics on September 23, 2007 and clinched the American League Central Division championship. He is also the music coordinator for the team. 
Pritt is a graduate of The University of Akron and Field High School. He made his debut as the public address announcer for the Lake Erie Monsters at Quicken Loans Arena on October 11, 2008. Pritt was also the public address announcer and director of game entertainment and video production for the Youngstown SteelHounds of the Central Hockey League from 2006 to 2008. He was named the CHL's second best public address announcer for the 2006-07 season and third best in 2007-08. The SteelHounds were named the fourth best entertainment experience in minor league sports by Minor League News in 2007.
Pritt also served as the public address announcer for the Mahoning Valley Scrappers of the New York-Penn League and the Cleveland Barons of the American Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20754155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754155" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Charles City County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Charles City County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Charles City County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20754162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754162" title="Bill Johnston with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948">
Bill Johnston with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948

Bill Johnston was a key member of Donald Bradman's famous Australian cricket team, which toured England in 1948. The Australians went undefeated in their 34 matches during the English summer; this unprecedented feat by a Test side touring England earned them the sobriquet "The Invincibles".
Johnston was a left-arm bowler who engaged in fast bowling when the ball was new and conducive to pacemen, before reverting to orthodox spin when the ball became old. He was Australia's third fast bowler in the Tests, reinforcing the new ball attack of Keith Miller and Ray Lindwall, who were regarded as one of the finest pace pairings of all time. Bradman typically used Miller and Lindwall in short bursts against the English batsmen with the new ball. The hosts had agreed to make a new ball available every 55 overs, more frequently than usual. This allowed the Australian pacemen more frequent use of a shiny ball that swung at high pace. Johnston typically delivered pace after the Lindwall and Miller had first use of the new ball, before resorting to spin later in the innings. In order to keep Lindwall and Miller fresh, Bradman had Johnston deliver the most overs by any bowler.
Johnston was the equal-leading wicket-taker in the Tests (27 along with Lindwall) and Australia's most prolific wicket-taker in the first-class matches with 102. The latter feat made him the last Australian to take a century of wickets on an Ashes tour. In recognition of his achievements, Johnston was chosen as one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year. "Wisden" said "no Australian made a greater personal contribution to the playing success of the 1948 side".
Background.
During the Australian summer of 1947–48, Johnston played in four of the five Tests against the touring Indian cricket team. He was a major part in Australia's 4–0 series win; the second highest wicket-taker with 16 scalps, Johnston had the best bowling average of 11.37. Ray Lindwall led the wicket-takers with 18. As a result, Johnston was selected for the 1948 tour of England. During the trip, Johnston roomed with Doug Ring who was a team-mate in the Richmond and Victorian cricket teams. As Ring was a leg spinner, he and Johnston were in direct competition for a place in the playing XI.
Early tour.
Australia traditionally fielded its first-choice team in the tour opener, which was customarily against Worcestershire. When Johnston was omitted for the opening match, it appeared he would not be in Bradman's Test plans. Australia went on to win by an innings, setting the tone for their tour.
Bradman brought Johnston into the team for the second tour match against Leicestershire. He made 12 runs and was the last man out as Australia ended on 448. After a lower order collapse of 5/38 against the local spin attack, Johnston came in and put on 37 in partnership with Keith Miller, allowing his colleague to reach his double century. Johnston bowled six wicketless overs for 15 as the hosts fell for 130. Made to follow on, Leicestershire made 147 to lose by an innings. Johnston took his first wicket of the tour, trapping Jack Walsh leg before wicket (lbw) to end with 1/42 from 27 overs. Johnston played a leading role in Australia's victory in the next match, against Yorkshire, on a damp pitch favourable to slower bowling. In this match, Johnston resorted to bowling left arm orthodox spin. The hosts elected to bat and he bowled almost unchanged, sending down 26 of the 54.3 overs, 14 of which were maidens. He took 4/18 as Yorkshire were bowled out in difficult batting conditions for 71. His wickets included batsmen Alec Coxon and Willie Watson, who went on to become England Test cricketers. The match remained finely balanced after Australia made 101, with Johnston unbeaten on five. He was again miserly in the second innings, bowling 15.2 overs with seven maidens and taking 6/18. His victims included leading English batsman Len Hutton, and Coxon and Watson for the second time as the hosts were bowled out for 89. Johnston had ended the match with 10/40. After collapsing to 6/31—effectively seven wickets down as Sam Loxton was injured and unable to bat—Australia scraped home by four wickets. It was the closest Australia would come to defeat for the whole tour.
The tourists travelled to London to play Surrey at The Oval, and they amassed 632 after batting first. Johnston bowled without success in the first innings. In the second innings he claimed both openers to reduce the hosts to 2/11 after Bradman had forced them to follow on. He returned later in the innings to remove Alec Bedser and Jim Laker, ending with 4/40 as Surrey were defeated by an innings. Johnston was rested for the following match against Cambridge University, which Australia won by an innings.
Johnston returned as Australia crushed Essex by an innings and 451 runs, their largest winning margin for the summer. After setting a world record for the most number of first-class runs in one day’s play (721), of which Johnston contributed nine, Bradman’s men bowled Essex out for 83 and 187 after enforcing the follow on. Johnston managed a match total of only 1/36. This was followed by another innings victory, this time over Oxford University. After scoring 13 in Australia's 431, Johnston bowled the most overs by an Australian in the match, taking 2/40 and 2/44 across a total of 42 overs.
Johnston was the left out for the next fixture, which was against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's. The MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Tests, and were basically a full strength Test team, while Australia fielded their first-choice team, with Johnston omitted. It was a chance for the Australian bowlers to gain a psychological advantage, with Len Hutton, Denis Compton and Bill Edrich—three of England's first four batsmen—all playing. Australia won by an innings to give an indication of their strength.
Four county matches remained before the Tests, giving the players more chances to press their claims for selection. Johnston was recalled for Australia'a first non-victory of the tour, which was against Lancashire. After the first day was washed out, Johnston made 24 in a 25-run ninth-wicket partnership with wicket-keeper Ron Saggers, which took Australia from 8/170 to 9/195. The tourists were eventually bowled out for 204. During his innings, Johnston swung lustily and hit three sixes. In reply, Lancashire reached 4/144 before Johnston took five of the last six wickets to help dismiss the home side for 182, securing a slender lead for the tourists. Johnston ended with 5/49 from 29 overs, the most by any of the Australians, and was not required to bat in the second innings.
Johnston was rested for the subsequent match against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge, which was drawn. He returned against Hampshire and played a major role in Australia's eight-wicket win. The home team were put into bat on a drying pitch by vice-captain Lindsay Hassett—Bradman had rested himself for the match. Johnston bowled for almost the whole innings, sending down 38.4 of 85.4 overs. He took wickets at regular intervals to end with 6/74 as Hampshire were bowled out for 195. Johnston was unbeaten on two as Australia lost 8/47 and collapsed to 117 all out, trailing by 78 runs. It was the first time tha the tourists had conceded a first innings lead for the season. In the second innings, Johnston bowled unchanged at his end for the entire innings, providing steady breakthroughs to end with 5/43 as Hampshire were bowled out for 103. This left Australia a target of 182, and they batted fluently in their second innings to win by eight wickets. Johnston ended with match figures of 11/117. He was rested in the innings win over Sussex, in the last fixture before the First Test.
First Test.
Johnston was not in Bradman's planned Test team. However, the Australian skipper changed his mind on the morning of the First Test in Trent Bridge when rain was forecast. Johnston was played in the hope of exploiting a wet wicket. Johnston had taken 10/40 against Yorkshire and 11/117 against Hampshire on similar surfaces. He showed his credentials by taking a match total of 9/183 from 84 overs to help Australia to grind out a victory by eight wickets. England elected to bat first and after strike bowler Ray Lindwall broke down on the first day, the burden on Johnston grew.
England had reached 2/46 when Johnston was brought into the attack for his first over. He bowled Bill Edrich, knocking out the off stump while the batsman was on the front foot. Two balls later, Johnston removed Joe Hardstaff junior without scoring, caught by Miller in slips after attempting a cut shot; the catch was described by "Wisden" as "dazzling". Miller dived and balanced himself on his spine before catching the ball to leave England at 4/46. Journalist and former Australian Test leg spinner Bill O'Reilly said: "Johnston had trimmed and embroidered the efforts of his opening bowlers and had swung the fortunes of the game completely in Australia's favour".
Johnston then knocked over Charlie Barnett's stumps as the batsman leaned onto the front foot and inside edged the ball into his stumps for eight; this brought Godfrey Evans—who was given two lives—to the crease at 6/60. Evans hit Johnston hard in the air to cover, where the ball went through Bradman for a boundary. The second catching opportunity went in the same direction before traveling through Bradman's hand and striking him in the abdomen. However, Johnston eventually snared Evans, who hit a ball strongly, but straight to short leg where Arthur Morris took the catch close in, as England reached 8/74.
However, a rearguard action took England to a total of 165, before Johnston removed Alec Bedser to end the innings. Johnston finished with 5/36, in a display characterised by his accuracy and variations in pace and swing. When Australia batted, Johnston and Ernie Toshack wagged a last-wicket partnership of 33 runs in only 18 minutes. They played in a free-wheeling manner before Bedser trapped Toshack lbw to end the home team’s innings on 509, leaving the tourists with a 344-run lead and Johnston unbeaten on 17.
Johnston took the new ball with Miller and delivered 59 overs in the second innings to take 4/147 in Lindwall's absence. Johnston bowled without success in the first half of the innings; the closest he came to a wicket on the third afternoon when Len Hutton and Denis Compton were putting on a century partnership was when Compton aimed an uppish square drive from Johnston that flew in the air wide of cover point. On the fourth day, England continued to make steady progress and Johnston was unsuccessful although he was able to make the ball move sideways in the morning under cloudy conditions. He was then attacked by Hardstaff, who drove several fours through the off side and forced Bradman to removed Johnston. He returned to remove Barnett and English captain Norman Yardley late on the fourth day as the hosts’ neared 300. Barnett was caught by Miller in the slips and Johnston took a return catch to remove the English skipper. Johnston bowled 30 overs, the most of any bowler for the day, as England reached the penultimate evening on 345/6, a lead of one run. The next morning, Johnston removed Evans and bowled Jack Young to end England's innings at 441 on the final day. Johnston bowled the most overs of any player and was the leading wicket-taker for the match as Australia took a 1–0 lead—the Australian batsmen reached the target of 98 with eight wickets in hand.
After the First Test, Johnston was the leading wicket-taker as Australia completed an innings victory over Northamptonshire. He took 3/25 in the first innings, before dismissing the home side's top four batsmen in the second innings to reduce them to 4/108; they were eventually bowled out for 169. Johnston ended with 4/49. This was followed by a drawn match against Yorkshire, in which Johnston scored an unbeaten 15, before bowling almost unchanged in the home side's first innings. Johnston bowled 41.1 out of 90.1 overs and ended with 3/101, including the wickets of Test players Alec Coxon and Watson. The match ended in a draw. Johnston bowled three overs for 15 in the second innings; Bradman chose not to push for a win and declared late in the second innings so that his bowlers would not have to exert themselves to any significant extent before the next Test.
Second Test.
In the Second Test at Lord's, Australia batted first and Johnston scored his Test career best of 29 in another tail-wagging performance in the first innings. After coming to the crease with the score at 8/275 on the second morning, Johnston added 45 runs with wicket-keeper Don Tallon before the latter fell to Bedser. He was joined by last man Toshack and they put on 30 before Johnston was stumped—having overbalanced while leaning onto the front foot and trying to hit a ball for six—from the bowling of Doug Wright to end Australia's innings at 350. Both Johnston and Toshack threw the bat at the ball, which often went in vastly different directions compared to where they had aimed their shots. Both men—not known for their batting ability—played without inhibitions, joyfully revelling in their luck. One sequence of two overs from Edrich was taken for 28 runs, with many balls being unintentionally spooned over the slips or the covers.
With Keith Miller injured and playing purely as a batsman, Johnston took the new ball, sharing it with Lindwall. He was unable to take a wicket initially, but the English openers were uncomfortable when he and Lindwall were taking the new ball. Following the tea break, he returned with the second new ball after Compton and Yardley had put on an 87-run partnership to stabilise the middle-order. Johnston took Compton's outside edge and Miller completed the catch in slips. The left armer then claimed Evans, caught by a diving Miller after the Englishman had taken a swing of the bat wide outside off stump; this left the hosts at 7/145. Johnston ended with 2/43 from 22 overs as England were bowled for at 215 early on the third morning. After Australia declared at 7/460 on the fourth afternoon to leave the home side a target of 596, Johnston troubled the English openers with the new ball, but did not take a wicket.
Lindwall and Johnston extracted steep bounce with the new ball, troubling the English batsmen. Fielding in the slips, Lindwall dropped Hutton from Johnston's bowling before the English batsman had scored. Johnston usually moved the ball into the right-handed batsmen, but on this occasion the ball went straight on and took the outside of the edge of Hutton's bat. Hutton had trouble with both Australian pacemen, and played and missed multiple times in the deteriorating light. In a fidgety display, he played loosely outside the off stump and missed four times in one Johnston over, before Lindwall dismissed him.
Yardley’s men resumed at 3/106 on the final day. On the second ball of the final morning, bowled by Johnston, Compton aimed a square drive, but the delivery was Johnston's variation ball, which went away instead of into the batsman. The ball flew off the outside edge to a diving Miller, who knocked the ball up before falling on his back and completing the catch as the ball came down. Compton stood his ground and waited for the umpire to confirm whether Miller had caught the ball cleanly, and was duly given out by the unhesitating official. O'Reilly described Miller's effort as "perhaps the very best slips catch of the whole series and … a real match-winner." Johnston then removed Bedser for nine to end with 2/62 as Australia won by 409 runs and took a 2–0 series lead.
After 16 days of cricket in 20 days, from the First to the Second Test, Johnston was rested from the next two matches against Surrey and Gloucestershire, which Australia won by ten wickets and an innings respectively.
Third Test.
Johnston returned for the Third Test at Old Trafford, where the home team elected to bat first. In an effective containing performance, Johnston took 3/67 from 45.5 overs in the first innings. England had looked assured in the first hour, before Johnston—again taking the new ball with Lindwall—bowled Cyril Washbrook with a yorker to leave England at 1/22. Johnston had been bowling from over the wicket, and his left-arm deliveries had generally been swinging back into the right-handed Washbrook. However, the opening batsman did not detect Johnston’s variation ball, which was released from wide of the crease and angled across more sharply without curling back in. Washbrook played inside the line of the ball, which hit his stumps. Australia nearly had two wickets in the same over as the new batsman Edrich struggled. He played loosely outside the off stump to the first ball from Johnston but did not get an edge, and on the third delivery, Edrich survived again. Receiving a ball on middle and leg stump, he tried to defend it straight back down the pitch, rather than the conventional stroke to the leg side, and managed to edge the ball past the slips for four. Johnston repeatedly hurried Edrich with his pace, forcing the batsman to make many last-moment movements to either hit the ball or withdraw from a shot during the formative stage of his innings.
Johnston returned with the second new ball after lunch to remove Tom Dollery with another yorker, leaving England at 4/97. This dismissal mirrored that of Washbrook’s in that Dollery failed to detect Johnston’s variation ball, and thus played for swing when there was none. Late in the day, Johnston took the catch as Lindwall removed Evans, who had taken a wild slash to leave England at 7/216. In the final minutes of play, Johnston extracted an edge from Compton on 64, but Tallon dropped the catch. On the second morning, Tallon dropped Compton—then on 73—for the third time, off the bowling of Johnston, who eventually ended the England innings on 363 by removing Young. Compton had added a further 81 after being dropped from Johnston's bowling to end unbeaten on 145. Johnston had bowled the most overs of the Australians and been the most economical.
In reply, Australia were in trouble at 7/208 when Johnston came to the crease to join Lindwall, with five more runs needed to avoid the follow on. As Sid Barnes was unable to bat due to injury, Australia were effectively eight wickets down. Johnston helped Lindwall advance Australia beyond the follow-on before Bedser removed both. Johnston was reprieved in his brief innings when he edged a delivery from Dick Pollard in the direction of Edrich at first slip, but Evans dived across, trying to catch the ball at full stretch in his right hand. The wicket-keeper could not hold onto the ball, and the resulting deflection further to the right wrong-footed Edrich, who was moving the other way, and it went past him. From second slip, Jack Crapp dived left behind Edrich but the ball landed a few centimetres beyond his fingers. However, in the next over Bedser, Johnston edged the ball in the same manner and Crapp caught the ball easily. Johnston was out for three as Australia ended with 221 to narrowly avoid the follow on by eight runs. He was wicketless in the second innings, taking 0/34 as England declared at 3/174 and set Australia 317 for victory on the last day after the fourth day was completely washed out by rain. The match ended in a draw with Australia at 1/92, after many rain interruptions.
Johnston played in Australia's only match before the Fourth Test, which was against Middlesex. He dismissed Jack Robertson, Edrich and John Dewes to leave the hosts at 4/92 and ended with 3/43 as they were bowled out for 203. In the second innings, he took two early wicket—including Compton—to reduce the hosts to 3/27 before ending with 2/28 as Australia bowled Middlesex out for 135. Bradman’s men went on to win by ten wickets.
Fourth Test.
In the Fourth Test at Headingley, England batted first on a pitch regarded as being ideal for strokeplay, and Australia's bowlers had little success on the first day. Early in the day, Johnston appeared to be having back problems. He had bowled the most overs of any bowler on the tour and his loss would have meant a heavy workload for his remaining colleagues. His apparent discomfort led onlookers to opine that he should have been given more rest in the county matches. After an opening partnership of 143, England consolidated to reach 1/268 in the last over of the day before Johnston removed Washbrook for 143. Johnston did not taste further success in the first innings and ended with 1/86 from 38 overs as the home team ended on 496, their highest score of the series.
In reply, Australia were still more than 100 runs behind when Johnston joined Lindwall with the score at 8/355, late on the third day. Lindwall hit out, scoring 77 in an innings marked by powerful driving and pulling, dominating the stand of 48 with Johnston, who made only 13. Johnston accompanied Lindwall for 80 minutes, before the injured Ernie Toshack survived the last 50 minutes until stumps, with Johnston running for him. Despite Toshack and Johnston’s lack of familiarity with having and acting as a runner respectively, and the resulting disorders in running between the wickets, Lindwall was able to manipulate the strike so he faced most of the balls. Johnston able to survive against the English pacemen with relative ease when he was batting, leading O’Reilly to lament the absence of leg spinner Doug Wright, whose guile and flight was held in high regard by the Australians. Lindwall was the last man out on the fourth morning with the total on 458, leaving Australia 38 runs in arrears on the first innings.
Australia lost the services of Toshack after he broke down with a knee injury in the first innings, increasing the burden on the remaining bowlers as England sought to extend their lead on the fourth day. For the second time in the match, Washbrook and Hutton put on a century opening partnership. After reaching 50, Washbrook hooked a short ball from Johnston and top edged it, but Bradman failed to take the catch. However, Washbrook soon repeated the shot from the bowling of Johnston with fatal results. The ball again went in the air, and Neil Harvey quickly ran across the ground and bent over to catch it at feet height while on the run, removing the opener for 65. Fingleton said that Harvey’s effort "was the catch of the season—or, indeed, would have been had Harvey not turned on several magnificent aerial performances down at The Oval the match against Surrey". O’Reilly doubted "whether any other player on either side could have made the distance to get to the ball, let alone make a neat catch of it". He further said the "hook was a beauty and the catch was a classic".
England moved to 4/277 when a mini-collapse occurred. Yardley made seven before he was removed by Johnston, caught by a leaping Harvey while attempting a big shot. Johnston then removed Ken Cranston, caught behind for a duck to leave England at 6/278. When Johnston removed Compton for 66, caught by Miller at cover, the hosts were 7/293 with no recognised batsmen remaining, having lost 4/33. England recovered to reach 8/362 at the close of the fourth day. The next day, Yardley declared at 8/365, leaving Johnston with the pick of the bowling figures, 4/95 from 29 overs. This left the tourists a target of 404 from 345 minutes. Australia went on to break the world record Test run-chase record by scoring 3/404 to take a 3–0 lead with 15 minutes to spare.
Johnston went on to play in the match against Derbyshire immediately after the Headingley Test, taking 3/41 and 1/35 as Australia enforced the follow on and won by an innings. He was rested for the next game against Glamorgan, which ended in a rain-affected draw without reaching the second innings. Johnston returned and took 2/41 in the first innings against Warwickshire, before taking 4/32 in the second innings, including three of the last five wickets, as the hosts fell from 5/118 to 155 all out. The left armer bowled almost unchanged during the second innings, sending down 39 of the 85.5 overs, including 16 maidens. His wickets included New Zealand Test batsman Martin Donnelly and Indian and Pakistani dual international Abdul Hafeez Kardar, as Australia went on to win by nine wickets. Johnston was then rested from two consecutive matches, against Lancashire and Durham, both of which were rain-affected draws.
Fifth Test.
Johnston rounded off his Ashes series with the Fifth Test at The Oval. English skipper Norman Yardley elected to bat on a rain-affected pitch, a decision many regarded as surprising. Precipitation in the past week rendered play before midday impossible. Former Australian Test batsman and leading commentator Jack Fingleton speculated that the tourists would have bowled if they had won the toss.
The damp conditions meant required a large amount of sawdust to be laid down to help the players keep their grip. Along with the rain, the humid conditions assisted the Australian bowlers, who were able to make the ball bounce at variable heights.
After Miller removed John Dewes with the score at 1/2, Bradman made an early bowling change and introduced Johnston. Edrich joined Hutton and they played cautiously until the former attempted to hook a short ball from Johnston. He failed to get the ball in the middle of the bat and it looped up and travelled around . Lindsay Hassett caught the ball just behind square leg, after diving sideways and getting both hands to the ball. This left England at 2/10. After the lunch break, Johnston dismissed debutant Allan Watkins without scoring after the batsman played across the line to be trapped lbw, leaving England at 6/42. Johnston ended with 2/20 from 16 overs as England were skittled for 52. After being unbeaten without scoring in Australia's innings of 389, Johnston was again among the wickets when England's second innings late on the second day.
England started their second innings with a deficit of 337 runs and reached 1/54 by the premature end of the second day due to bad light. The following morning, they made slow and steady progress as Johnston bowled his finger spin from around the wicket with a well-protected off side. The four men in the off side ring had much work to do as Hutton hit the ball there repeatedly. The English batsmen progressed and Johnston had one confident appeal for lbw against Compton, but there were few scares.
They reached 2/125 after lunch, when Compton—who was on 39—aimed a hard cut shot from Johnston's bowling, which flew off the edge into Lindwall's left hand at second slip for a "freak slip catch". This triggered a collapse late in the afternoon, which saw the hosts lose 4/25 to end the third day at 7/178. England resumed on the fourth morning with only three wickets in hand, still needing 159 runs to make Bradman’s men bat again. Johnston quickly removed the last three wickets, Alec Bedser, Yardley and Eric Hollies to seal an Australian victory by an innings and 149 runs. Only ten runs were added in the brief morning session; Hollies fell for a golden duck after skying a ball to Morris, immediately after Yardley became the ninth man to fall. Johnston ended with 4/40 from 27.3 overs and he was the most economical of the bowlers. Given the time lost to inclement weather on the first day, Australia had won the match in less than three days of playing time. Overall, Johnston finished with 27 Test wickets at an average of 23.33, equal to Lindwall but at a higher average.
Later tour matches.
Seven matches remained on Bradman's quest to go through a tour of England without defeat. Australia batted first against Kent and made 361. Johnston then took three wickets with the new ball to help reduce the hosts to 5/16, before ending with 3/10 from six overs. Forced to follow on after being bowled out for 51 in 23 overs, Kent were reduced to 4/37 by three early Lindwall wickets. Johnston ended with 1/28 as the home team capitulated for 124 and lost by an innings. The victory over Kent was followed by a match against the Gentlemen of England. Johnston was rested as Australia completed another innings victory. He returned for the match against Somerset, which resulted in a third consecutive innings win. After Australia had declared at 5/560, Johnston took the opening wicket of Harold Gimblett before returning to take the last two scalps of the first innings from consecutive balls, bowling his finger spin. He ended with 3/34 as Somerset fell for 115 and were forced to follow on. Johnston bowled the second over of the second innings. As Johnston had taken wickets with his last two balls in the first innings, his first delivery was the hat-trick ball. Gimblett negotiated the first ball safely, before being trapped lbw for a duck on the next. Johnston had thus taken three wickets in four balls. He bowled unchanged throughout the innings to end with 5/34 from 17.4 overs as Somerset were bowled out for 71. Johnston took the final wicket to fall—Horace Hazell—trapped for a duck, which brought up his 100th first-class wicket for the tour.
In the match against the South of England, Johnston took 1/63—Edrich being his only wicket—after Australia declared at 7/522. Bradman’s men dismissed the hosts for 298 and rain ended the match before the second innings could start.
Australia's biggest challenge in the post-Test tour matches was against the Leveson-Gower's XI. During the last tour in 1938, this team was effectively a full-strength England outfit, but this time Bradman insisted that only six current England Test players be allowed to represent the hosts. After his opponents had finalised their players, Bradman named a full-strength team. In a rain-interrupted match, Johnston bowled Edrich for 15. He ended with 1/20 as the hosts folded for 177. Johnston made an unbeaten 26 in a partnership of 30 with Lindsay Hassett as Australia replied with 8/489 declared. Time ran out with the Leveson-Gower's XI at 0/75 in the second innings.
The tour ended with two non-first-class matches against Scotland. In the first, Australia scored 236 before Johnston took 6/15 from 12.5 overs. He took the last four wickets as the home team fell from 6/81 to be all out for 85. Johnston bowled four wicketless overs in the second innings as Australia completed victory without needing to bat for a second time. In the second match, he signed off on his tour in a low key manner, taking a wicket in each innings to end with a match total of 2/48 as Australia completed another innings triumph.
Role.
Johnston played as a left-arm fast bowler when the ball was new and conducive to pace bowling, before reverting to finger spin when it became old and lost its shine. He was Australia's third fast bowler in the Tests, reinforcing the new ball pairing of Keith Miller and Ray Lindwall, who were regarded as one of the finest pace duos of all time. Bradman typically used Miller and Lindwall in short and sharp new ball bursts against the local batsmen. England had agreed that a new ball would be available every 55 overs, a milestone that usually came more frequently than the old regulation of 200 runs for every ball. This allowed Australia—who had the superior pace attack—more frequent use of a shiny ball, which swung at high pace. Johnston typically bowled pace after the first-choice pair had finished their new ball spell, before reverting to spin when the ball was worn. He took 27 wickets at 23.33 in the Tests, making him the equal-leading wicket-taker along with Lindwall, who averaged 19.62. The Australian pacemen’s tally was substantially more than the next best, recorded by England's Alec Bedser, who took 18 wickets at 38.22.
In both the Test and county matches during the 1948 tour, Johnston carried the heaviest workload, bowling nearly 200 overs more than any other squad member. He was the leading wicket-taker in all first-class matches with 102 wickets at 16.42, and the last Australian to take a century of wickets on a tour of England. His average was only slightly inferior to that of Lindwall, who took 86 wickets at 15.68. The roles Johnston fulfilled are borne out in his economy rate and strike rate. He was more economical than Miller and Lindwall, who took wickets more frequently.
Johnston's performances prompted Bradman to call him "Australia's greatest left-hand bowler". As a result of his ability to bowl spin and pace, teammate Neil Harvey thought the team effectively had 13 players, saying "we reckoned Bradman was worth two and Bill Johnston was worth two [bowlers". Harvey rated Johnston the best team man in the squad, and Bill Brown praised Johnston's work ethic in bowling for long periods after Lindwall and Miller had been given the best opportunities with the new ball. Spin bowling teammate Ian Johnson described him as "the finest team man and tourist" in cricket and valued his personality, while Miller described him as "the most popular man in cricket". Johnston sometimes amused his colleagues by demonstrating his double jointedness, wrapping his feet around the back of his neck. He was reputed to have nearly drowned when he attempted this in the communal bath at Lord's.
After carrying a heavy workload in the early stages of the tour, Johnston was used more sparingly in the latter stages. As the tour progressed, Johnston improved his control and restrained England's batsmen between the new ball bursts of Lindwall and Miller. Johnston was chosen as one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year. "Wisden" said "no Australian made a greater personal contribution to the playing success of the 1948 side". Fingleton wrote that Australia had never sent a greater left-hander to England.
During the tour, Johnston had few opportunities with the bat, invariably batting at either No. 10 and No. 11 alongside Toshack, another tail-ender with little batting ability.N- Neither player ever passed 30 in their first-class career, and they were the only two Australians who failed to pass 50 during the tour. As Australia's other frontline bowlers were Miller, Lindwall, Colin McCool, Ian Johnson and Doug Ring, all of whom scored centuries and more than 20 fifties each during their first-class career, Toshack and Johnston were rooted at the bottom of the batting order. As Australia often won by an innings, and declared in the first innings many time due to their batting strength, Johnston only had 18 innings in his 21 first-class fixtures and scored 188 runs at 18.80, the third lowest average and aggregate. He scored 62 runs in the Tests at 20.66, including his highest first-class score of 29 in the Second Test at Lord’s.
Notes.
Statistical note.
n-
This statement can be verified by consulting all of the scorecards for the matches, as listed here.

</doc>
<doc id="20754177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754177" title="The Young and Evil">
The Young and Evil

The Young and Evil is a 2008 short film directed by Julian Breece, in which a sexually promiscuous teen actively pursues unprotected sex in order to catch the HIV virus. The title is inspired by the 1933 book by Charles Henri Ford and Parker Tyler.
Critical reception.
The Young and Evil was selected for the 2009 Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films, Frameline 32, the Sundance Film Festival and the Urbanworld Film Festival.
The film was a nominee for the 2008 Iris Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20754188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754188" title="Daniels Fund">
Daniels Fund

About Bill Daniels
Bill Daniels was a decorated fighter pilot in World War II, and went on to become one of the pioneers in the cable television industry. Throughout his lifetime he gave generously to people in need, and the organizations that serve them. Bill Daniels spent his final years carefully defining his goals for the Daniels Fund, which carries on his legacy of generosity by providing college scholarships to deserving students and grants to nonprofit organizations in Colorado, New Mexico, Utah, and Wyoming.
Daniels Fund Grants Program
Honoring the percentages for giving established by Bill Daniels, each year approximately 70% of charitable allocations are made through the Daniels Fund Grants Program in the funding areas he defined for the foundation: Aging, Alcoholism & Substance Abuse, Amateur Sports, Disabilities, Education, Homeless & Disadvantaged, and Youth Development. 
Daniels Fund Scholarship Program
Bill Daniels directed that approximately 30% of charitable allocations be made through the Daniels Fund Scholarship Program, which consists of the Daniels Scholarship and the Daniels Opportunity Scholarship. Daniels Scholarships give promising students with financial need the opportunity to obtain a bachelor’s degree. Daniels Opportunity Scholarships support non-traditional students including adults entering or returning to college; students from alternative schools, juvenile justice facilities, and youth offender programs; GED recipients; former foster care youth, returning military and emergency service providers.
Stats as of December 2009
Current Assets: $1.1 Billion
Total Grants Awarded: $270,175,510
Total Number of Daniels Scholars Named to Date: 1,755
Total Value of Daniels Scholarship Funding: $56,071,667
Total Number of Daniels Opportunity Scholars Named to Date: 2,031
Total Value of Daniels Opportunity Scholarships: $9,999,184
Total Value of Grants and Scholarships to Date: 336,246,361 
References.
For general information, please visit [http://www.danielsfund.org]
For information on the Daniels Scholarship program please visit [http://www.dfscholars.org]
For

</doc>
<doc id="20754201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754201" title="Edward L. Shaughnessy">
Edward L. Shaughnessy

Edward L. Shaughnessy (; born 1952), is an expert on early Chinese history and Lorraine J. and Herrlee G. Creel Professor at the University of Chicago.
Shaughnessy received his B.A. degree from the University of Notre Dame and his M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from Stanford University. He joined the faculty at the University of Chicago in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20754207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754207" title="Tyrone Lamont">
Tyrone Lamont

Tyrone R. Lamont (born 3 April 1985 in Durban) is a South African baseball pitcher. He played in the 2006 World Baseball Classic with the South Africa national baseball team. In 2003, Lamont signed as an undrafted free agent with the Seattle Mariners organization. In 2004 and 2005, Lamont pitched for the Arizona League Mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="20754229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754229" title="USRC Gallatin (1871)">
USRC Gallatin (1871)

USRC "Gallatin", was a "Gallatin" Class cutter of the United States Revenue Cutter Service in commission from 1874 to 1892. She was the fourth ship of the United States Revenue Cutter Service to bear the name, and was also known as Albert Gallatin.
"Gallatin" was laid down by David Bell Co. at Buffalo, New York, in 1871 and commissioned in 1874. She was equipped with a Fowler steering propeller, which was a six-bladed screw with a separate engine for steering and reversing, but it proved to be uneconomical; both the machinery and propeller were replaced in 1874.
"Gallatin" was stationed at Boston, Massachusetts She cruised from Portsmouth, New Hampshire, to Holmes Hole, Massachusetts. She sank off Cape Ann on 6 January 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="20754232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20754232" title="Nigerian Tribune">
Nigerian Tribune

The Nigerian Tribune is an English-language newspaper published in Ibadan in Nigeria.
It was established in 1949 by Obafemi Awolowo and is the oldest surviving private Nigerian newspaper.
In the colonial era, the newspaper served as the mouthpiece for Awolowo's populist welfare programmes. It also played an important role in defending the interests of the Yoruba people in a period when different ethnic groups were struggling for ascendancy.
From independence in 1960 until the 1990s most publications were government-owned, but private papers such as the "Nigerian Tribune", "The Punch", "Vanguard" and the "Guardian" continued to expose public and private scandals despite government attempts at suppression.
General Ibrahim Babangida once said that of all the Nigerian newspapers he would only read and take seriously the "Nigerian Tribune's" editorial column.
The book "Leadership Failure and Nigeria's Fading Hopes" by Femi Okurounmu consists of excerpts from a weekly column in the Nigerian Tribune published between 2004 and 2009.
The author, a patriotic Nigerian elder statesman, laments how the corruption and the selfishness of successive leaders has destroyed the hopes not just of Nigerians, but of the entire black race.
In December 2008 Segun Olatunji, managing director and Editor-in-Chief of "Nigerian Tribune", resigned, and a few days later the editor, Rauf Abiodun, also resigned as part of a series of staff changes.
Mrs. HID Awolowo, who is chairman of the Nigerian Tribune's publisher African Newspapers of Nigeria Ltd, appointed Sam Adesua as the new managing director/editor-in-chief.
Edward Dickson was appointed editor of the daily paper.
The changes were said to be part of a move to modernize the paper and expand beyond narrow Yoruba partisan politics in the face of competition from "The Westerner", "The Nation" and "Nigerian Compass".
In January 2011 the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) reacted angrily to an editorial in the "Nigerian Tribune" that accused the ACN of imposing its candidates in the party primaries for the forthcoming national elections. An ACN spokesman called the paper a front for the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
He said the paper was struggling since PDP governors had been removed from Osun and Ekiti states, causing the paper to lose advertising revenue directed to the Nigerian Tribune by the former governors.
The ACN said the paper was bringing shame to the name of the founder, Chief Obafemi Awolowo.

</doc>
