<doc id="20538892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538892" title="Chlemoutsi">
Chlemoutsi

Chlemoutsi () is a medieval castle in the northwest of the Elis regional unit in the Peloponnese peninsula of southern Greece. It is located 12 km west of Andravida, 13 km southwest of Lechaina and 6 km south of Kastro-Kyllini. 
It was built by the Crusader rulers of the Principality of Achaea as their main stronghold, and is perhaps the finest fortification of the early period of Frankish rule in Greece preserved in the country today.
History.
The castle was built between 1220 and 1223, during the rule of the Prince of Achaea Geoffrey I of Villehardouin, as a result of a dispute between the Prince and the clergy of the Principality. Geoffrey had asked the clergy, which owned almost a third of the Principality's lands but was not obliged to render military service, to contribute to the defence of the realm by additional donations. When the clergy refused, claiming that they owned allegiance only to the Pope, Geoffrey confiscated Church property and with the new funds began construction of Chlemoutsi. The fortress was a new creation, with no previous structure identifiable in this site. Its French name, "Clairmont" or "Clermont", most probably gave rise to the Greek form of "Chlomoutsi", which more recently became "Chlemoutsi", although various theories have been proposed as to the name's origin, with suggestions of Greek, Albanian or Slavic roots pre-dating the Frankish fortress. From the 15th century, Italian sources came to call it "Castel Tornese", apparently through a confusion with the seat of the Principality's mint in nearby Glarentza, which until the middle of the 14th century minted silver "tornese" coins.
The new fortress lay in close proximity to the princely capital of Andravida, some away, and the Principality's largest port and town, Glarentza (ca. ). These three sites were the administrative heart of the Principality and, along with the fortress of Beauvoir or Pontiko at Katakolo further south, served to secure control of the fertile plain of Elis, which formed a major part of the princely domain (along with Corinthia and the Evrotas valley in Laconia). Despite its importance, however, throughout the history of the Principality of Achaea Chlemoutsi was never the object of major military operations; rather, it seems to have served as a prison for distinguished captives, such as the Byzantine generals taken captive at the Battle of Makryplagi in ca. 1263, one of whom, Alexios Philes, died in captivity there.
When the Prince William II of Villehardouin died in 1278, according to the provisions of the Treaty of Viterbo, the princely domain, as well as the princely title, went to the King of Naples, Charles of Anjou. Chlemoutsi, however, had been granted by William to his wife, Anna Komnene Doukaina, and she retained it, along with the Villehardouins' hereditary Barony of Kalamata in Messenia. In 1280, Anna married the baron Nicholas II of Saint Omer, lord of one half of Thebes. The latter's acquisition of some of the "most fertile lands and the most powerful fortress in the Morea", in the words of A. Bon, in addition to the wealth he had inherited from his first marriage, worried King Charles II of Naples. On 25 September 1281, an agreement was reached whereby Chlemoutsi and Kalamata were ceded to the princely domain in exchange for half the lands of the recently deceased Leonard of Veroli, comprising estates in both the Morea (in Elis and Messenia) and Italy. In the early 1290s, Thomas Komnenos Doukas, son and successor of the Despot of Epirus Nikephoros I Komnenos Doukas, was held at Chlemoutsi as a hostage for his father's behaviour.
In ca. 1311, the sole surviving daughter of William II Villehardouin, Margaret, sought, by virtue of her descent, to claim the Principality, or at least a portion of it including Chlemoutsi and Kalamata, from the Angevin Kings of Naples who had controlled it since 1278. To this end, in February 1314 she wedded her only daughter, Isabel of Sabran, to Ferdinand of Majorca, and passed her titles and claims to them. She then returned to Achaea, where she was imprisoned by the Angevin "bailli" at Chlemoutsi, where she died in February or March 1315. Ferdinand landed at Glarentza in June 1315, claiming the Principality from the Angevin nominee, Louis of Burgundy. Chlemoutsi and most of Elis fell rapidly under Ferdinand's control, but he was eventually defeated and killed in the Battle of Manolada in July 1316. The remaining Majorcan troops ceded the fortresses they held and set sail home shortly after.
In 1418, Glarentza and Chlemoutsi passed into the hands of Carlo I Tocco, who began to expand his territories in the Morea at the expense of Prince Centurione II Zaccaria. After his defeat by the Byzantine navy in the 1427 Battle of the Echinades, however, Tocco was forced to ceded his possessions to the Despot of the Morea, Constantine Palaiologos (the future last Byzantine emperor), in the form of a dowry for Maddalena Tocco. Chlemoutsi now became Constantine's residence and his base of operations against the last major Latin stronghold, the city of Patras in 1428–30. The castle remained in Byzantine hands until it was captured, with the rest of the Morea, by the Ottoman Empire in 1460. The bastard son of Centurione II, John Asen Zaccaria, was also imprisoned at Chlemoutsi, but managed to escape in 1453 and lead a rebellion against the Byzantine Despots of the Morea.
With the Ottoman conquest, the castle lost much of its strategic significance, although it was occupied by the Venetians during the Ottoman–Venetian War of 1463–79, attacked by the Knights of Malta in 1620. During the period of Venetian rule (1687–1715) after the Morean War, it served as the seat of a fiscal district. The reports of the Venetian governors at the time, however, dismiss Chlemoutsi as small in size and barely inhabited. In 1701 the "provveditore generale" Francesco Grimani proposed that it be destroyed, as it was too far from the sea—a vital concern for the maritime-minded Republic—and difficult to defend, and recommended that Glarentza, now abandoned and ruined, be rebuilt instead. In 1715, the Morea returned to Ottoman control, but by the early 19th century, the fortress lay abandoned. In 1825, during the Greek War of Independence, the forces of Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt took the castle and dismantled a portion of its walls, so that it could not be used by the Greek rebels.
Today the castle is a preserved landmark, under the 6th Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities. It can be visited and is easily accessible by car from nearby Kyllini.
Location and architecture.
Chlemoutsi remains "the most beautiful testimony of the military art in the Frankish principality", according to A. Bon. Its location, on a small plateau of 226 m above sea level near the modern village of Kastro-Kyllini, gives it a commanding view of the surrounding countryside, encompassing the coastal plain of Elis and reaching to the Ionian Islands of Zakynthos and Cephalonia and even to the coast of Aetolia-Acarnania on the Greek mainland. This fact, along with the scale and quality of its construction are proof, according to A. Bon, that Chlemoutsi was not, as was argued in the past, built as a citadel for Glarentza, but that it fulfilled an independent military role, that of securing control over the wider region.
Chlemoutsi remains "one of the most important and best-preserved castles in Greece" (A. Ralli), and maintains its Frankish character intact, as the decline of its military importance after the Frankish period means that subsequent occupiers made few additions or alterations; only the Ottomans made some minor modifications in order to install artillery.
The castle is located on the top of an irregular plateau, whose southern, eastern and northern slopes are abrupt, with the softer western slope, towards the modern village of Kastro, offering the easiest access. The heart of the fortress consists of a large hexagonal keep, measuring some 90 m from east to west and ca. 60 m from south to north, with its six walls enclosing an inner courtyard of 61×31 m. Towards the west, where the slope is more accessible, the keep is complemented by an additional outer wall, likewise of irregular polygonal outline, enclosing a second, much wider courtyard. 
The outer gate of the fortress lies in the northwest, originally within a small recess in the outer curtain wall, protected by a portcullis. The recess was later filled by the Turks with a smaller set of walls, so as to preserve unbroken the outer wall's frontage. The Ottomans also added additional buttresses to the junctions of their wall with the original curtain wall, while the space between the original gate and the new, Ottoman entrance was left unroofed and open to the sky. From the gate, the outer wall continues east and then south, in three distinct stretches of walls, to the keep. The wall is built of limestone masonry, with little evidence of brick or tiles. The wall is topped by a small inner parapet and Ottoman-built crenellations, now largely ruined. From the beginning, buildings were built leaning on the outer wall, as evidenced by the remnant of their foundations, side walls joining the curtain wall's inner face, or the presence of fireplaces and lancet windows in the curtain wall. One of these buildings is largely preserved immediately next to the outer gate. Windows, fireplaces etc. display a uniformity of style that points to their construction at the same time as the fortress itself. At the point where the outer wall joins the keep, a small postern is located, as well as a stairway leading up to the outer wall's "chemin de ronde".
On the other side of the gate, the curtain wall continues in two stretches southwest and south, with a tower—probably an Ottoman addition—at their junction, before turning sharply to the east. A terrepleined bastion was built behind this southwestern corner by the Turks as an artillery platform. Along the western wall too there is evidence of buildings erected adjoining the curtain wall. The southern wall shows evidence of later, probably Turkish, repairs, with broken tiles alternating with stone courses. It is in this stretch that the cannons of Ibrahim Pasha effected the breach in the wall in 1825. At about the middle distance between the southwestern corner and the keep, the wall abruptly turns inwards for about 5 m, into which a tower was built by the Ottomans, before continuing east and then northeast to effect the junction with the keep. Another postern is located about 10 m from the junction of the two walls.
The castle was well suited for a princely residence: its halls, arranged around the inner courtyard, were spacious, comfortable, and well-lit, cool in the summer and provided with several fireplaces for the winter months. However, the architectural characteristics of the main keep are out of the ordinary for its supposed period of construction, and more in line with 15th-century structures, which has led to uncertainty over its exact dating.

</doc>
<doc id="20538905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538905" title="Cole Harbour 30">
Cole Harbour 30

Cole Harbour 30 is a Mi'kmaq reserve located in Halifax County, Nova Scotia.
It is administratively part of the Millbrook First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="20538916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538916" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1951">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1951

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1951 Australian federal election. The election was held on 28 April 1951.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Since this was a double dissolution, all senators were up for re-election, with the first five from each state elected to six-year terms and the remaining five to three-year terms. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending six seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats.
Queensland.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending seven seats.
South Australia.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending seven seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats.
Tasmania.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending six seats. The Liberal Party was defending four seats.
Victoria.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending six seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats.
Western Australia.
Ten seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending six seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested Senate elections in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20538918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538918" title="Sinohydro">
Sinohydro

Sinohydro (Chinese: 中国水电, long form 中国水利水电建设集团公司) is a Chinese state-owned hydropower engineering and construction company. In the 2012 Engineering News-Record Top 225 Global Contractors, a ranking by annual revenue, the company is 14th by overall position, and 6th among Chinese construction companies. 
History.
The company was founded in 1950, and is based in Beijing, China. 
International expansion.
The company has aggressively gone on the path of international expansion, becoming a "face of China expansion" across the world by pursuing operations in 55 countries across Asia, Africa, Europe (from the European headquarters of Belgrade, Serbia), North America and South America. 
In the course of international expansion, the company has run into bumps ranging from political risk to environmental controversy. Workers of the affiliated company Power Construction Corporation were abducted in 2012 by the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement-North while building a road in Sudan. 
In Malaysia, the company worked on a joint venture with Sime Engineering to build the largest dam in the country. The Sarawak Report, alleged that Sinohydro had widely used a technique involving adding excessive water to cement, making the construction unsafe. Sinohydro responded that the dam was safe but some work like the cleaning of silos wasn't done "following instructions". The webpage of the Sarawak Report was hacked after it published the story. 
Operations.
The main operating company of the group is Sinohydro Ltd (中国水利水电建设股份有限公司) which is a major subsidiary formed from units of the Group parent (中国水利水电建设集团公司) and Sinohydro Consulting (中国水电工程顾问集团公司) and now held through a holding company Sinohydro Group Limited (中国电力建设集团有限公司).
The company engages in architectural projects, electric power investment, house property and real estate, research and development, and design and manufacture of construction equipment. It provides investment, project financing, consultation, and construction services. The company also engages in the manufacture and installation of mechanical and electrical plants. It trades in water conservancy, power generation, expressway, railway, harbor and sea-route, airport, municipal public utility, and building industries.

</doc>
<doc id="20538925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538925" title="Muhammad Yamin Khan">
Muhammad Yamin Khan

Nawab Sir Muhammad Yamin Khan was a bar-at-law, statesman and politician in the period before the partition of India. Khan served as a parliamentarian and one of the senior most members of the All India Muslim League.
Muhammad Yamin Khan was a close confidant of Quaid-e-Azam. He was a member of the working committee of All India Muslim League. He also remained Deputy President of the Indian legislative Council. He also presided over the third "Kamboh Conference" held in Bareilly in 1936. Yamin Khan was prominent in raising the Indianisation debate in the Central Legislatures in which he demanded the admission of increasing numbers of Indians to the officer corps of the British Indian Army.
The British Government recognized him for his outstanding social and legal services and conferred upon him the titles of "Sir" and "Nawab".
After partition of India in 1947, Khan moved with his family to Karachi, Pakistan where he soon died. 
Muhammad Yamin Khan was the second Kamboj member to be knighted, and also was the second Kamboj member of the Indian Parliament (M.P.). He had also been a member of the Municipal Board of Meerut since 1918 and served it as Vice-Chairman & Chairman for a long time. The Chairmanship of the Meerut Municipal Board remained for the first half century of its existence with the Nawab family of the Meerut Kambohs.

</doc>
<doc id="20538926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538926" title="Yājñavalkya Smṛti">
Yājñavalkya Smṛti

The is a Hindu text of the Dharmaśāstra tradition. 
It has been called the "best composed" and "most homogeneous" specimen of this genre.
Date.
The text most likely dates to the Gupta period, between roughly the 3rd and 5th centuries. There is some debate as to whether it is to be placed in the earlier or later part of that time span. 
Arguments for particular dating are based on the concise, sophisticated vocabulary found throughout the text and on the use of certain terms such as "" (a coin), and references to Greek astrology (which has been known in India since the 2nd century; see Yavanajataka).
The argument arises when considerations are made as to who was exchanging the "" and when the level of Greek thought which the author understood is brought into question. 
The text became a well-known member of the dharmaśāstra tradition by the last few centuries of the first millennium CE.
Content.
The consists of 1,010 ślokas (verses). The text is laid out as a frame story in which the sages of Mithila approach Yājñavalkya and ask him to teach them dharma. 
The majority of the text is then Yājñavalkya's description of dharma, divided into three subtopics: Ācāra (proper conduct), Vyavahāra (judicial procedures) and Prāyaścitta (penance).
It is clear that the text draws heavily on the Manu Smrti, sometimes directly paraphrasing passages.
There are influential deviations from the Manu Smrti as well, especially with regard to statecraft and jurisprudence.
1. Pioneered the structure which was adopted in future dharmaśāstric discourse:
2. Added to the model of Legal Procedure:
3. Restructured the Courts:
4. Changed the placement of the discussion of Ascetic Orders:
5. Focused on moksa:

</doc>
<doc id="20538953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538953" title="Basecamp Productions">
Basecamp Productions

Basecamp Productions was originally founded in 2004 by Joshua James and Brett Eliason (Eliason apparently sold his share of the company sometime in 2007 and is no longer involved) with the idea of releasing "Official Bootlegs" online. Beginning with Pearl Jam’s groundbreaking “Official Bootlegs” series, artists who have appeared on recordings distributed exclusively by Basecamp include: Pearl Jam, Linkin Park, Jay-Z, U2, DisturbedChris Cornell, Tori Amos, Ben Harper, The Black Crowes, The Cult, Busta Rhymes, Sleater-Kinney, Kings of Leon, Mudhoney, My Morning Jacket, Sonic Youth, Dispatch, Third Day and Wolfmother.
The artists Basecamp works with sell their shows through their own web sites. Shows are typically available anywhere from 30 minutes to a few days following the performance. Basecamp handles the whole process from recording the show, mixing it and then releases it through their own software package which is installed on the artists site. Basecamp also has partnerships with both Ticketmaster and Live Nation to sell the live recordings at the point of ticket purchase.
Notes:
1. ^http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/musicnightlife/2003638511_official28.html
2. ^http://www.billboard.com/articles/news/61671/pearl-jam-goes-digital-for-live-bootleg-series
3. ^http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/9073077/
4. ^http://downloads.linkinpark.com
5. ^http://www.cnbc.com/id/29753403/
6. ^http://toribootlegs.com
7. ^http://downloads.thirdday.com

</doc>
<doc id="20538954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538954" title="Bill Duplissea (politician)">
Bill Duplissea (politician)

William Duplissea is a former Republican Assemblymember from California's 20th State Assembly district, who served from 1986 until he was defeated for reelection in 1988 by Democrat Ted Lempert. He represented San Mateo County which is located in the Peninsula subregion of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Political Service.
Duplissea served as a member of the Metropolitan Transportation Commission, which serves the nine Bay Area Counties. He served as the Administrative Director of the Division of Workers' Compensation, Director of the Office of Manufacturing Retention, Public Member of the OSHA Appeals Board serving the administrations of George Deukmejian and Pete Wilson.
Assembly career.
Duplissea was elected by the Republican Caucus to the Leadership position of Caucus Secretary. Appointed by the Speaker of the California Assembly, Vice Chairman of the Assembly Committee on Transportation. He served on 4 committees during his time in the Assembly which were Labor & Employment, Revenue & Taxation, Ways & Means, and Jobs, Economic Development, and the Economy.
Business career.
Vice President California Truck Trailer Services Inc. 1980–present
President Bayview Trailer and Equipment Inc. 1980-1984
General Partner Carlos Cleaners and Launderers 1980–present.
Education.
BA in History from the University of San Francisco in 1972.
AA from Menlo College in 1970
Personal.
He currently lives in Redwood City, CA.
References.
Profile of Bill Duplissea

</doc>
<doc id="20538972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538972" title="Pukekohe Intermediate School">
Pukekohe Intermediate School

Pukekohe Intermediate School is a New Zealand intermediate school located in the rural community of Pukekohe, Auckland. It primarily receives students from Pukekohe Hill, Pukekohe Valley, Pukekohe East, Puni, Mauku and Patumahoe primary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20538974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20538974" title="Fair Isle Wren">
Fair Isle Wren

The Fair Isle Wren ("Troglodytes troglodytes fridariensis") is a small passerine bird in the wren family. It is a subspecies of the Eurasian Wren endemic to Fair Isle, Shetland, Scotland. It was first described by Kenneth Williamson in 1951.
Description.
The Fair Isle Wren is darker and larger than the mainland form of the Winter Wren, though not as dark as another insular subspecies, the Shetland Wren, "T. t. zetlandicus".
Status.
Fair Isle is a small island, 7.68 km2 in area, and the population of the wren is tiny, varying from ten to fifty pairs, breeding mainly on boulder beaches.

</doc>
<doc id="20539009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539009" title="Moonlight Brewing Company">
Moonlight Brewing Company

The Moonlight Brewing Company is an American microbrewery founded in 1992 by Brian Hunt in Santa Rosa, California, USA. It is known for its flagship beer, Death & Taxes, which is popular in Sonoma County, California. In 2008, it received the 
Best Brewery award at the 17th annual Santa Rosa Beerfest.
History.
Founder, brewmaster and abbot Brian Hunt started the brewing company in 1992, not for profit but to "support his habit". With a degree in Fermentation Science from UC Davis, and years experience as a brewmaster and beer consultant, Hunt saw the brewery as a chance to become self-employed. At the age of 35, he purchased an tractor barn in Windsor, California along with 200 beer kegs. In 2003 the brewery was moved to a building designed specifically for the purpose of brewing beer and was designated an Abby. Moonlight Brewing cultivates a large field of hops for its seasonal Homegrown Ale on the main property.
Production.
Besides its relatively small production (1,000 barrels per year), the production of beer is limited solely to kegs. The brewery refuses to package its beer in bottles or cans as Hunt believes the process of bottling beer "is cruel for the beer and a logistical nightmare". Due to the limited production and self-distribution, Moonlight products are generally available only in Sonoma County, and the San Francisco bay area, though on occasion, it is found further out.
Beer.
Currently, the brewery produces nine varieties of beer, two of which are seasonal. Year-round production includes Death & Taxes (black beer), 
Reality Czeck (Czech-style pilsner), 20 to Life, Lunatic Lager, Toast (toasted lager), Bombay by Boat (IPA), and Twist of Fate (bitter ale). Homegrown is a fresh hop ale that is produced using hops that are solely from the brewery's quarter-acre hopyard and harvested in mid-September. Bony Fingers is a seasonally produced black lager, brewed specifically for Halloween.

</doc>
<doc id="20539010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539010" title="Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh">
Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh

Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh (born 1766) was an Indian Muslim scholar, son of Ali Hussain Khan Kamboh of Bareilly in Rohilkhand. He completed his education under "Ghufran Ma'ab Sayyid Dildar Ali Nasirabadi" and excelled his fellow students in perspicacity and scholarly achievements. Subhan Ali Khan Kamboh specialized in logic, philosophy, literature and Qur'anic exegesis, hadis and fiqh, etc. 
He also learnt English and Hebrew languages. He was closely associated with Shaikh Ali Hazin. He rose to become Deputy Prime Minister of Awadh during Roshan-ud-Daula's Prime Ministership in the reign of Ghazi ud Din Haider. He wielded immense influence in Awadh and is said to have been the "de facto" Prime Minister during Roshan ud Din's Prime Minisrship. He had also been the Prime Minister of Agha Mir. Mirza Ghalib received an invitation to a reception in audience by the ruler's Deputy Prime Minister i.e. Subhan Ali Kamboh but the meeting did not happen because Mirza Ghalib stipulated two pre-conditions to his meeting with the formers: (1), that he be granted 'due honor' and (2), that he should be 'excused from making the customary "peshkash" '. Benefactors did not like pre-conditions being laid down by the supplicants hence the meeting failed.

</doc>
<doc id="20539011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539011" title="George Dovey">
George Dovey

George B. Dovey (April 18, 1862 – June 19, 1909) was the principal owner of the Boston Doves of the National League from through .
History.
Dovey was born in Pottsville, Pennsylvania; he attended college in Kentucky, where he played baseball. For several years he worked as a salesman for the St. Louis Car Company.
In 1907, Dovey bought the Boston Beaneaters from Arthur Soden, becoming the team's principal owner; he then renamed the team the Boston Doves.
At the age of 46, Dovey died of a pulmonary hemorrhage, early in the morning of June 19, 1909 while riding a Pennsylvania Railroad train in Greene County, Ohio, between Cedarville and Xenia. He was buried in Mount Moriah Cemetery, Philadelphia.
Following his death, his brother John became principal owner of the franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="20539033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539033" title="Humbang Hasundutan Regency">
Humbang Hasundutan Regency

Humbang Hasundutan Regency is a regency in the southwest shore of Lake Toba of North Sumatra, Indonesia. In 2010, the regency covered an area of 2,297.2 square kilometres and according to the 2010 census had a population of 171,687. Its seat is Dolok Sanggul. To the north is Samosir Regency and Pakpak Bharat Regency, the east is North Tapanuli Regency, and the south is Central Tapanuli Regency and the Indian Ocean.
Administrative divisions.
The regency is divided administratively into 10 subdistricts ("kecamatan"):

</doc>
<doc id="20539038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539038" title="Gilbrae Inn">
Gilbrae Inn

Gilbrae Inn is a historic building at 403 River Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The inn was built in a Greek Revival style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539043" title="John Dovey">
John Dovey

John S. C. Dovey (born September 19, 1865) was the co-owner of the Boston Doves of the National League with his brother George Dovey from through , and later sole principal owner for the season. He was born in Philadelphia in 1865 to John J. and Catharine (née Creswell) Dovey.

</doc>
<doc id="20539055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539055" title="Marcia Baczynski">
Marcia Baczynski

Marcia Baczynski (3 December 1977—) is a sex educator, relationship and life coach, and one of the co-founders of Cuddle Party. In addition to cuddle parties she facilitates multiple workshops, runs women's and polyamorous support groups, and sees clients individually.
Biography.
Baczynski holds a degree in public relations from the Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of Georgia, where she studied media, history and women's studies.
Press.
Marcia has appeared on several television and radio programs and has been interviewed in numerous publications including the Montel Williams show, Fox News, Penn & Teller's Bullshit, the Sex Files, Sex TV, Life & Style, NPR, Maxim radio, Cosmo radio, Marie Claire, GQ, People, and Newsweek.
Current projects.
In addition to hosting events, training facilitators, and working with clients, Baczynski is the director of the Relationships department in a new venture called Ideal Balance [http://www.idealbalanceinc.com/], which she's starting with CEO Monica Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="20539059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539059" title="Drepano">
Drepano

Drepano (Greek: Δρέπανο) may refer to the following places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="20539069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539069" title="Hobbs Brook Basin Gate House">
Hobbs Brook Basin Gate House

Hobbs Brook Basin Gate House is a historic waterworks gatehouse off Winter Street at the mouth of Hobbs Brook in Waltham, Massachusetts and forms part of the water supply system of Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The gatehouse was built in 1897 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539071" title="Cole Clark">
Cole Clark

Cole Clark is an Australian manufacturer of guitars and other fretted instruments.
Products.
Cole Clark produce the following products:
Materials.
Cole Clark guitars are made largely using Australian indigenous timbers. Solid timber is used in preference to plywood. Clark's discovery of the best type of wood for his guitars came whilst searching in Australia in 1998. He came across Bunya Pine, and found out that it had the perfect characteristics for the sound board on an acoustic guitar. Whilst researching this type of wood, Clark also discovered that Bunya is about 18% stronger than Spruce wood, which a traditional choice when constructing a guitar. Blackwood is also another favourite material of Cole Clark's for building their guitars (http://www.coleclarkguitars.com/technology.asp). 
Materials used include Spruce, Bunya, Queensland Maple, Australian Blackwood, ebony and rosewood.
Artists.
Some notable artists that use and endorse Cole Clark guitars include:
Fender Law Suit.
In 2008 Cole Clark came under fire from the Fender corporation for the naming of two models of guitars, the 'Offender' (telecaster style) and the 'Defender' (Stratocaster style). The names of these models have since been changed to, respectively, Culprit and Guardian .
Brad Clark.
Brad Clark is a former director of Cole Clark. His experience includes eleven years at Maton, first as factory manager and then as CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="20539076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539076" title="Thelaziasis">
Thelaziasis

Thelaziasis (occasionally spelled "thelaziosis") is the term for infestation with parasitic nematodes of the genus "Thelazia". The adults of all "Thelazia" species discovered so far inhabit the eyes and associated tissues (such as eyelids, tear ducts, etc.) of various mammal and bird hosts, including humans. Thelazia nematodes are often referred to as "eyeworms."
General life cycle.
In the uterus of the adult female, the embryos develop into first-stage larvae (L1), which remain in the eggshell (sheath). The female deposits these sheathed larvae in the tears of the mammal or bird definitive host, and the larvae are ingested by tear-feeding flies. In the fly, the larvae "hatch" (exsheath), penetrate the gut wall, and migrate to either the fat body, testes or egg follicles (depending on the species). There they develop into third-stage larvae (L3), which migrate to the head of the fly. The infective L3 larvae wiggle out of the straw-like feeding apparatus of the fly when it feeds on the tears of another mammal or bird host. The L3 larvae develop into adults in the eye or surrounding tissues of the host, where they may live for over one year.
In the definitive host, "Thelazia" have been found in various tissues of the orbit (or socket) of the eye, including within the eyelids, in the tear glands, tear ducts, or the so-called "third eyelid" (nictitating membrane) or in the eyeball itself.
Hosts and geographic range of thelaziasis.
While a few dozen species of "Thelazia" have been described in the literature, only 2 have been reported to infest humans, and only 7 are commonly reported in veterinary contexts. The remaining species are occasionally found in birds or wild mammals.
In humans, dogs and cats, thelaziasis cases due to "Thelazia callipaeda" (Asia, Europe), and occasionally "T. californiensis" (western North America), have been reported.
Horses are infested by "T. lacrymalis" (worldwide) and, less frequently, by "T. rhodesii" (Africa, Asia, Europe).
In cattle, "T. gulosa" (Asia, Europe, North America), "T. rhodesii" (Africa, Asia, Europe) and "T. skrjabini" (Europe, North America) are the primary species of concern.
In camels, "T. leesei" infestations have been reported from the Post-Soviet states and India.
The intermediate hosts of several "Thelazia" species are known, and in each case they are tear-feeding flies of the genera "Musca" (family Muscidae), "Phortica" (family Drosophilidae), or "Fannia" (family Fanniidae).
Symptoms and diagnosis.
In animal and human hosts, infestation by "Thelazia" may be asymptomatic, though it frequently causes watery eyes (epiphora), conjunctivitis, corneal opacity, or corneal ulcers (ulcerative keratitis). Infested humans have also reported "foreign body sensation"the feeling that something is in the eye.
Diagnosis involves simply examining the eyes and nearby tissues for the worms. Adult "Thelazia" are very active, one author described "T. californiensis" as a "short lively piece of nylon fishing line about 10 mm long."
Prevalence.
By one author's count, 257 human cases of "Thelazia callipaeda" had been reported worldwide by the year 2000, though thelaziasis is still considered to be a rare disease.
Various livestock and wildlife surveys suggest that thelaziasis is quite common among animals.
Treatment and control.
Because they live so close to the outside of the body, "Thelazia" is one of the few nematode infections which can be treated topically.
Topical treatment of livestock, dogs and cats with organophosphates (such as ecothiopate iodide or isofluorophate) and systemic treatment with anthelmintics (such as ivermectin, levamisole, and doramectin) are recommended by the Merck Veterinary Manual. Other sources have reported positive results treating dogs with moxidectin, imidacloprid, or milbemycin oxime.
For the treatment of human cases, removal of the worm is suggested. Topical treatment with cocaine or thiabendazole have also been reported to kill the worms in human cases.
Because most, if not all, species of "Thelazia" are spread by flies, sanitary practices which reduce the presence of flies will also reduce the spread of thelaziasis.

</doc>
<doc id="20539082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539082" title="Dolok Sanggul">
Dolok Sanggul

Dolok Sanggul is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Humbang Hasundutan Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20539089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539089" title="Linden Street Bridge">
Linden Street Bridge

Linden Street Bridge is a historic bridge on the abandoned Central Massachusetts Railroad over Linden Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1894 by the Pennsylvania Steel Company and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539095" title="Labuhan Batu Regency">
Labuhan Batu Regency

Labuha Batu Regency is a regency of North Sumatra, Indonesia. Its seat is Rantau Prapat. It had an area of 9,233.18 km2 in 2000 (prior to the separation of the new North Labuhan Batu and South Labuhan Batu Regencies) and a census population in 2010 of 414,417.
Administrative divisions.
The regency is divided administratively into 9 districts ("kecamatan"):

</doc>
<doc id="20539098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539098" title="Lord's Castle">
Lord's Castle

Lord's Castle is a historic building at 211 Hammond Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539104" title="Adolf Friedrich Stenzler">
Adolf Friedrich Stenzler

Adolf Friedrich Stenzler (July 9, 1807 – February 27, 1887) was a German Indologist who was a native of Wolgast.
He initially studied theology and Oriental languages at the University of Greifswald under Johann Gottfried Ludwig Kosegarten (1792–1860), then furthered his education at the University of Berlin with Franz Bopp (1791–1861) and at the University of Bonn under August Wilhelm Schlegel (1767–1845). In 1829 he earned his doctorate, then continued his studies in Paris, where he attended lectures by Antoine-Léonard de Chézy (1773–1832) and Silvestre de Sacy (1758–1838). Afterwards, he worked in the library of the British East India Company in London.
In 1833 he was appointed associate professor of Oriental languages at the University of Breslau, where in 1847 he became a full professor. At Breslau he was an instructor of Arabic and Persian, later giving classes on Sanskrit and comparative linguistics. From 1836 he worked as curator of the university library. His students at Breslau included Lucian Scherman (1864-1946), Franz Kielhorn (1840-1908) and Richard Pischel (1849-1908). 
Stenzler was a pioneer of Sanskrit studies in Germany, also making significant contributions in his research of Indian literature in the fields of law and medicine. In 1868 he published his best known work, a highly regarded textbook on Sanskrit grammar and vocabulary, titled "Elementarbuch der Sanskrit-Sprache".
In 1866 he became a corresponding member in the Royal Prussian Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20539107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539107" title="Adam Sarota">
Adam Sarota

Adam Sarota (born 28 December 1988) is an Australian footballer who plays for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie.
Career.
Club.
Brisbane Roar.
Sarota was named National Youth League Player of the Year for 2008-2009. As a result of his solid performances for the Brisbane Roar youth team, he was rewarded with a first team contract prior to the 2009-10 A-League season. On 2 November 2008 he made his A-League debut for the Brisbane Roar against the Newcastle Jets.
Utrecht.
On 2 April 2010, along with fellow Roar players, Michael Zullo and Tommy Oar, Sarota joined Dutch side Utrecht on a three-year deal, in a collective transfer deal rumoured to be worth in excess of A$1.8 million. On 22 July 2010, Adam made his Utrecht debut coming on in the 70th minute of their away draw to Tirana in the UEFA Europa League.
International career.
On 27 August 2010, it was reported Sarota had been invited to a training camp by the Polish Football Association. Sarota’s father, Tony, emigrated to Australia from Poland but said that whilst Poland was a possibility, the Socceroos were Sarota's preferred option.
Sarota received his first Socceroos call up by coach Holger Osieck for a friendly match against Germany played on 27 March 2011. He made his international debut for Australia in August 2011, coming on as a substitute for FC Utrecht team-mate Michael Zullo in a win over Wales. 
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 15 August 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20539110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539110" title="George House (California politician)">
George House (California politician)

George Rolland House II (born November 20, 1929) was a Republican Assemblymember from California's 25th State Assembly district from 1994 until he was term limited in 2000.
Pre Assembly Career.
Prior to serving in the Assembly, House was an almond farmer from Hughson, CA. He served two years with the Modesto, CA police department before becoming a CHP officer and commander for thirty years. He was also a Stanislaus County Juvenile Traffic Court hearing officer. He also served on the Hughson school board and was an active Rotarian.
1992 election.
House ran for the newly created 25th Assembly district in 1992; however, he lost the primary to Barbara Keating-Edh who ended up losing to Margaret Snyder. He came in 4th place with just eleven percent of the vote.
1994 election.
House ran for Assembly again in 1994. Although initially considered a weak candidate, he defeated Democratic incumbent Margaret Snyder in a heavily Republican year that saw the GOP take control of the California State Assembly for the first time since 1970.
The 25th District.
When House represented the seat from 1994 until 2000, it included half of Stanislaus County, all of Mariposa County and Tuolumne County. It also included most of Madera County and a small part of Fresno County.
Proposition 34.
House was a major opponent of Proposition 34 in 2000 which stated that 34% of the total annual state lottery revenues shall be allocated to benefit public education. However, it passed with 53% of the vote.
2002 Congressional Election.
House ran for California's 18th Congressional District in 2002 in order to face troubled incumbent Gary Condit; however, he only received 12.8% of the vote in the primary against then State Senator Dick Monteith who now serves as a Stanislaus County supervisor.
References.
2. Lavender-Smith, Sarah. "House Calls 'Em as He Sees 'Em", Modesto Bee, 12 December 1994, Page A-1

</doc>
<doc id="20539118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539118" title="Newton Street Bridge">
Newton Street Bridge

Newton Street Bridge is a historic bridge on Newton Street at River Street over the Charles River in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The bridge was built in 1877 by Hiram Balisdell and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539127" title="South Labuhan Batu Regency">
South Labuhan Batu Regency

South Labuhan Batu Regency is a regency of North Sumatra, Indonesia. In 2000, the regency covered an area of 3,596 square kilometres and according to the 2000 census it had a population of 250,173. Its seat is Kota Pinang.
Administrative divisions.
The regency is divided administratively into 5 subdistricts ("kecamatan"):

</doc>
<doc id="20539128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539128" title="George Hardy (labor leader)">
George Hardy (labor leader)

George Hardy (December 15, 1911 – September 13, 1990) was a Canadian-American labor leader who was president of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) from 1971 to 1980. At the time of his death, SEIU had grown to become the fifth-largest affiliate of the AFL-CIO. Hardy was a vice president of the AFL-CIO from 1972 to 1980, and a member of its executive council. He was a former member of the Democratic National Committee and the California Democratic State Central Committee.
Early life and union career.
Hardy was born to Charles and Bertha (Fitchett) Hardy on December 15, 1911, in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The Hardys moved to San Francisco, California, in the 1920s. Hardy and his family came to San Francisco from Canada working their way as migrant fruit pickers. George grew up on Linden Street in the working class Hayes Valley district of San Francisco. living next door to the Cheney Family. George married Norma Mitchell in San Francisco and had two children, Joan Marie Hardy and Robert Thomas Hardy. Robert was killed in a car accident in 1955 at the age of 18, returning from a high school graduation trip to Arizona. George credited Norma, the Mitchell Sisters (Rene Cheney d.1975, Lottie Andre d.1975 and Edna Peralta d.1988), best friend Ellis Cheney and so many "anonymous" janitors for the support and collaboration which fueled his great success and the growth of BSEIU (later SEIU) on the West Coast and throughout North America.
1926 to 1942.
George's father, Charles (also known as "Pop"), was a janitor, and George became one, too. Pop Hardy joined Theater Janitors Local 9 of the Building Service Employees International Union (BSEIU) in 1926, and soon became an unpaid organizer for the union. Pop Hardy soon was elected president of the local as well as an International Vice President. Although the BSEIU was dominated by organized crime at the time, Charles Hardy was generally considered honest and a figurehead who was not part of the mob's inner circle on the board. In 1932, George Hardy also joined Local 9, the oldest Building Service Employees International Union local in California. The year he joined, he was elected the local's business agent. During the San Francisco General Strike of 1934, Hardy helped his father to organize service workers to support the strike, leading to the closure of restaurants, movie theaters, night clubs, and office buildings during the four-day strike.
George Hardy began working as a janitor at the main branch of the San Francisco Public Library in 1935. One night, a foreman dropped a match behind a radiator; when Hardy missed it, he was fired. Angry at the pettiness and mistreatment, Hardy, his father and other Irish janitors formed a new local for office building janitors, Local 87. George Hardy became an organizer for the new union in 1936. Hardy worked by day, and by night (often not sleeping for several days) he organized workers into the new union. Repeatedly fired for his off-hours union work, Hardy was blacklisted. Under future leaders such as Herman Eimers Rex Kennedy, and Robert Parr, members of Local 87 continued to enjoy improved wages, benefits and working conditions. These victories were all won with very few strikes.
Nonetheless, within seven years Hardy had organized a majority of the city's janitors. Hardy formed a group known as the "Hayes Valley Gang"—neighborhood friends who were also blacklisted janitors and union organizers—who traveled helped organize building workers in San Francisco and then traveled to Los Angeles to build several small locals. By 1943, Hardy had organized BSEIU locals from San Francisco to San Diego. Hardy's efforts at organizing were helped by the international union's quick growth and increasing strength. BSEIU's national membership was almost 100,000 in 1945, and reached more than 200,000 by 1950. Hardy moved to Los Angeles in 1946, and the union's organizing efforts (strongly backed by the International Brotherhood of Teamsters) took off in the city under his leadership: Three locals with just 2,800 members blossomed into eight locals with more than 8,500 members. By 1950, Hardy boasted that so many workers had been organized in Los Angeles (including a third of the city's large office buildings) that the union had obtained 40 percent wage hikes in the past four years. Local 399 had 5,000 members in 1950 and 11,000 in 1960—making it the second largest local in the national BSEIU. Hardy pressed for, and the union was successful at, the transformation of part-time jobs into full-time positions. Health benefits and pension were also added to most union contracts.
Hardy also began to expand the union's base. By 1960, over a third of the members in Los Angeles worked in the public sector. The union also expanded out of office buildings, and represented workers in bowling alleys, supermarkets, hotels, apartment buildings, gymnasiums, clubs, public schools, and hospitals. Hardy expanded the union's racial and ethnic diversity as well. By 1950, half of the members in Local 399 (the largest in Los Angeles) were African American, and 9 percent were Mexican American. Overall, 38 percent of BSEIU members in Los Angeles were black.
Hardy also made several important innovations in union structure and operations. First, he united all BSEIU locals in the state into a new California State Council, the first statewide coordinated body in SEIU history. Second, he built an extensive communications network of bulletins, mailings, newsletters and updates (all run out of the BSEIU office at 240 Golden Gate Avenue in San Francisco) which not only kept the local unions in touch with one another but also helped create a politically powerful union as well.
The strong union which Hardy built also drew attention from organized crime. When mob leaders tried to take over Local 87 in the late 1930s, Hardy and other leaders threatened them with baseball bats and refused to grant them entry to the union's property.
1943 to 1971.
Hardy served with the United States Army in the European Theater of Operations from 1943 to 1946.
After his discharge from the Army in 1946, Hardy returned to Los Angeles and was elected president of BSEIU Local 399. Two years later, after the death of his father opened a position on the BSEIU international executive board, Hardy was elected an international vice president of the union. In 1950, he also established the SEIU Western Conference, the first interstate conference of councils and locals within the international union. The same year he undertook major organizing campaigns again among public employees and expanded the union's membership drive to include health care workers. He also began affiliating many small, independent unions to help bolster his membership numbers. To support the organizing effort, Hardy established a large research department at the California State Council and within his home local to conduct investigations into employer businesses. Hardy also pushed BSEIU locals under his control to hire researchers as business agents and local union officers. Hardy also built large member education and training divisions in many locals.
The member education divisions not only educated members about how unions work, but also served to boost Hardy's political efforts. George Hardy despised Republicans and labor leaders who supported them. From the late 1950s and through the 1960s, Hardy and the BSEIU locals in California became much more active politically. All of his support went toward liberal Democrats. During these years he set up a committee of labor union leaders to support Democrats and wean labor leaders away from the Republican Party.
The move into health care was particularly risky. The National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) of 1935 originally included health care workers from the protection of federal labor law, but the Taft-Hartley Act amendments exempted workers employed by non-profit health care organizations from the law in 1947. Since nearly all health care organizations at the time were non-profit, this effectively excluded the vast majority of health care workers from federal labor law. In 1962, Congress passed legislation allowing workers in health care institutions owned by the federal government to engage in collective bargaining. Publicly owned hospitals were covered by the NLRA in 1967, and non-profit nursing homes in 1970. Congress amended the Taft-Hartley Act in 1974 to bring non-profit hospitals back under the NLRA's coverage. BSEIU had organized its first hospital workers in San Francisco in the 1930s. Hardy's push into health care proceeded very slowly. Nationwide, only 2.3 percent of all health care institutions had a union in 1970. Despite a sharp upturn in the number of dismissals of health care workers for union activity in the 1950s and 1960s, Hardy had organized one of the largest pockets of unionized health care workers outside New York City by the late 1960s.
By the time Hardy was elected SEIU president in 1971, SEIU's fastest-growing areas of membership were in health care and public employment. Under his leadership, SEIU's membership in California had grown to more than 105,000.
In 1955, Robert Thomas Hardy, George's 18-year-old son, died in an automobile accident. George Hardy had been grooming his son to take over leadership of Local 399 and the California State Council. The death of his son affected Hardy very deeply, and led him to associate with younger people for the rest of his life. most notably Phillip Burton (later Congressman), Timothy J. Twomey (SEIU Local 250 and International VP), Jim Zellers (SEIU Local 399) and Sal Rosselli (SEIU-UHW).
SEIU presidency.
David Sullivan, the 66-year-old president of SEIU (it had dropped the "Building" in 1968), retired at the union's convention in the fall of 1971. A number of younger, more activist leaders whose bases of support lay in the health care and public sector divisions of the union had challenged Sullivan for leadership, and he retired rather than seek re-election. Sixty-year-old George Hardy was elected his successor. He was elected a vice president of the AFL-CIO in 1972, and elected to the labor federation's executive council at the same time. Hardy chafed under Meany's leadership, and in 1979 he publicly criticized Meany for not doing enough to organize workers into unions.
Under Hardy, SEIU's health care and public employee divisions saw rapid growth. SEIU added 42,000 members in 1972 alone, and had grown by a surprising 100,000 members by the end of 1975. During his tenure, SEIU grew to 935,000 members and became the fifth-largest affiliate in the AFL-CIO. As part of his organizing effort, Hardy started a special program in 1972 to hire college-educated interns and turn them into negotiators and international union representatives. In 1972, Hardy engaged in an abortive attempt to form the first national policeman's union. In 1975, the union organized its first local union of physicians, an action which allowed SEIU to become the largest doctors' union in the U.S. by the turn of the century. Much of the membership growth, however, came through affiliation rather than new member organizing. Hardy viewed the fast-growing American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) as SEIU's chief competitor. AFSCME had grown from a mere 100,000 members in 1951 to 500,000 members in 1972, and had elected a dynamic and aggressive new leader, 45-year-old Jerry Wurf, in 1964. Not only was AFSCME's growth substantial, its demographics matched those of SEIU's: At least two-thirds of the rival union's members were blue-collar workers, and a fifth of them worked in hospitals and nursing homes. To counter AFSCME's rapid growth, Hardy adopted a strategy of affiliating existing members rather than organizing unorganized workers. Between 1971 and 1980, SEIU affiliated 22 independent unions. Merger and affiliation accounted for 230,000 new members from 1971 to 1985, and virtually all of the union's growth from 1980 to 1984.
Battle with CSEA.
Another of the union's major growth spurts came in 1979, when it raided the Civil Service Employees Association (CSEA). In existence since 1910, CSEA had won representation rights for New York State's 140,000 public employees after the state passed a public employee collective bargaining law in 1968. Structured like an association rather than a union, CSEA hesitated to engage in militant labor action or strike, and yet it had a rocky relationship with the state: The union struck for two days at the beginning of April 1972 and won a 5.5 percent pay hike. But the strike and dissatisfaction with CSEA's leadership led some CSEA members to ask for representation by SEIU. With Hardy's strong backing, the union was able to gather enough signatures on petitions to trigger a vote in two of the four units where workers were represented by CSEA, but SEIU lost the vote by a 3-to-1 margin in December 1972. A second strike planned by CSEA leaders was called off after delegates overwhelmingly repudiated a strike resolution supported by the union's leaders. The internal strife led SEIU to once again challenge CSEA for a large unit of New York State public employees. In an election held December 5, 1975, an SEIU-led coalition which included the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), the Laborers' International Union of North America, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, and several building trades unions was defeated by CSEA, 10,858 to 10,348 with 1,015 voting for neither union. With neither side winning a majority, a second election was held the first week of February 1976, which CSEA won (14,321 to 10,184).
But Hardy continued to raid CSEA. CSEA leaders initially sought protection by affiliating with AFSCME. Article 20 of the AFL-CIO constitution prohibits affiliates from raiding one another's members, and an affiliation with AFSCME would have won CSEA relief from the raids. But CSEA delegates formally barred their leaders from seeking an affiliation with AFSCME in March 1976. CSEA's contract with the state of New York expired in 1977. Although CSEA leaders once more proposed a strike, the union settled for a 14 percent pay raise in April 1977. Hardy, convinced SEIU could successfully raid CSEA, conducted secret polls which showed deep unrest in the professional, scientific, and technical (PS&T) unit. Working only with the AFT, SEIU once more obtained enough petitions to challenge CSEA representation in the PS&T unit. The raid was successful, and the coalition (known as the Public Employees Federation) won, 15,062 to 12,259. Hardy and AFT leader Albert Shanker hoped to raid CSEA further, but CSEA affiliated with AFSMCE on April 21, 1978. The affiliation made AFSCME the largest affiliate in the AFL-CIO.
CSEA challenged the SEIU/AFT coalition's victory, however. CSEA attorneys alleged that nearly 5,000 of the signatures on the petition forcing an election were fraudulent. A New York Supreme Court (the state's trial court of general jurisdiction) initially dismissed the suit, but it was reinstated by a state appellate court. As the lawsuit progressed, CSEA won a new three-year contract which included a 7 percent pay hike in the first year. But the Public Employees Federation ultimately prevailed in the New York Court of Appeals (the highest court in the state of New York) on March 28, 1979. PEF subsequently negotiated a controversial contract which gave union members a 36 percent pay increase over three years. Submitted to the members without the approval of PEF's executive council, the contract was overwhelmingly approved by PEF members on December 6, 1979.
Political activity.
Hardy continued to be very politically active as SEIU president. Angry that the AFL-CIO executive council and AFL-CIO president George Meany had refused to endorse George McGovern for president in the 1972 presidential election, Hardy formed a group of like-minded labor leaders and announced the group would stump nationiwide for McGovern. In gratitude for his actions, Hardy was nominated to and won a seat on the Democratic National Committee in 1973. Despite the public nature of his political feuds with the more conservative Meany, Hardy backed Meany when the AFL-CIO attempted to block proportional rules for race, ethnicity, and gender among delegates to the DNC Convention. Hardy was one of many labor leaders to provide early support to former Oklahoma Senator Fred Harris during his run for the presidency in 1976. Even after Harris' campaign had collapsed, Hardy continued to push his candidacy. He also publicly criticized jimmy Carter for accepting a $1,000 donation from the anti-union J.P. Stevens textile company. In the 1980 presidential election, Hardy backed California Governor Jerry Brown for president. Some argued that Hardy's support was given because Brown had intervened in a labor dispute between SEIU and the California Horse Racing Board. When Brown's candidacy collapse, Hardy backed Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy's candidacy for president.
Hardy was active locally and nationally on a variety of issues in the 1970s. He sat on a President Richard Nixon's Cost of Living Council, and was an active participant on its health industry wage and salary committee. He was an early advocate for crackdowns on waste and fraud in the nation's nursing homes, and advocated that the government not pay for poor quality care. When New York City neared bankruptcy in 1975, Hardy led a group of union leaders in lobbying for federal aid for the city. He also pushed for federal legislation which would give federal and state public employees the right to strike.
Final negotiations.
In his final years as president of SEIU, Hardy laid the ground for yet another major affiliation. The Drug, Hospital, and Health Care Employees Union, Local 1199 of the Retail, Wholesale and Department Store Union (RWDSU), was a union of nurses, service workers, LPNs, and other health care employees. By 1960, it had organized nearly every hospital in New York City, and in the 1970s expanded nationwide. RWDSU had been expelled by the AFL-CIO in the 1950s for leftist tendencies, and the union's success in health care was giving rise to rumors of raiding. 1199, as the union was called, wanted to disaffiliate from RWDSU and join with a larger union with greater organizing resources. Moe Foner and other leaders of 1199 began meeting with Hardy in the late 1970s to explore affiliation with SEIU. The negotiations did not come to any conclusion, however, and in the early 1980s a major split in 1199 led all of the union's locals outside New York City to disaffiliate and form their own independent national healthcare union, the National Union of Hospital and Health Care Employees (NUHHCE). NUHHCE received a charter from the AFl-CIO in 1984, which prevented any raids on it. But NUHHCE was too thinly spread nationwide, however, with 75,000 members in 12 locals, and its leaders quickly decided to merge with another national union. In 1989, NUHHCE permitted its locals to vote to merge with either SEIU or AFSCME. A third of the locals affiliated went with AFSCME, and two-thirds with SEIU. These mergers made SEIU the largest health care workers' union in North America and the fastest-growing member of the AFL-CIO. In 1991, the original Local 1199 in New York City disaffiliated from RWDSU and became independent; it merged with SEIU in 1998.
Despite Hardy's cordial discussions with 1199 and his success in growing the union, some union leaders considered him too elderly to continue to lead the union and that his age had contributed to the lack of new member organizing. Faced with growing opposition in the leadership ranks, Hardy retired at the regularly scheduled SEIU convention in 1980. He was succeeded by John Sweeney.
On the occasion of his retirement, AFL-CIO President Lane Kirkland praised him. "George Hardy does not wear his social philosophy on his sleeve. He carries it in his heart," Kirkland said. "Because he is so uncompromising in his beliefs, it would be impossible not to have been on the opposite side of an issue at least once. But win or lose, George knows that when the fight for idealism is over, the practical battle for the survival of the labor movement begins. This commitment is what turns a collection of unions into a movement."
Death.
George Hardy retired with second wife, Cissy, in Los Angeles. After her death in 1990., George returned to the family home on Lawton Street in San Francisco's Sunset District.
Hardy suffered from respiratory failure in his last years. He died of the disease at UCSF Children's Hospital in San Francisco on September 13, 1990. Hardy was survived by his daughter, Joan Hardy Twomey, two grandchildren. Elizabeth Twomey and Robert Mitchell Twomey (Jennifer Rose Twomey d. 1981 in car accident at 18yrs old), and great grandchildren D'Artagnan Mitchell Twomey, Siobhan Diores Twomey, Jennifer Rose Twomey and Jacqeline Comendador.
"Hardy was one of the great union leaders," Edmund G. (Pat) Brown, former Governor of California, said when his death was announced.

</doc>
<doc id="20539135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539135" title="Fanny Holtzmann">
Fanny Holtzmann

Fanny E. Holtzmann (1902–1980) was a pioneering female lawyer in the motion picture and theatre industry. Born in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City, she was influenced by her immigrant grandfather, a Talmudic scholar who introduced her to the study of law. 
Although she dropped out of high school at the end of her junior year, Holtzmann studied law in night school at Fordham University and earned her degree in 1922. The following year she rented an office in the Broadway Theater District and opened for business immediately after placing third in the New York bar exam. She numbered Edmund Goulding and William Randolph Hearst among her earliest clients.
Holtzmann gained international fame during a 1934 libel trial in London in which she represented Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia, who contended that the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film "Rasputin and the Empress" (1932) had misrepresented her relationship with Rasputin. Her client was awarded $125,000 in damages for the showing of the film in the UK, and eventually she won a large settlement for its release in other countries as well. 
In the 1930s, Holtzmann helped Eastern European Jews emigrate to the United States, and following World War II she assisted Jewish refugees. At the founding conference of the United Nations in 1945, she served as counsel to the Republic of China, and assisted China in becoming a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council. She also worked to gain the support of many countries for the admission of Israel into the United Nations. 
In 1950, Holtzmann was looking for a new property for her client Gertrude Lawrence when the 1944 Margaret Landon book "Anna and the King of Siam" was sent to her by the William Morris agent who represented the author. He thought a stage adaptation of the book would be an ideal vehicle for the actress. Holtzmann agreed, but proposed a musical version would be better. She sent the book to Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II after Cole Porter declined to write the score, and the two men agreed to write what ultimately became "The King and I". 
Holtzmann's friends and clients included Louis B. Mayer, Fred Astaire, Clifton Webb, Noël Coward, Danny Kaye, King George V, the Romanoff family, New York City mayor Jimmy Walker, Winston Churchill, King George II of Greece, Dwight Eisenhower, Adlai Stevenson, and Eleanor Roosevelt.
Holtzmann was awarded an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion three weeks before her death from cancer. 

</doc>
<doc id="20539137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539137" title="Rev. Thomas Hill House">
Rev. Thomas Hill House

Rev. Thomas Hill House is a historic house at 132 Church Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539147" title="North Labuhan Batu Regency">
North Labuhan Batu Regency

North Labuhan Batu Regency is a regency of North Sumatra, Indonesia. In 2000, the regency covered an area of 9,323 square kilometres and according to the 2000 census it had a population of 840,382. 60.99% of the regency is forested. The estuary of Panai River and Barumun River is located in this regency, and it was the seat of ancient Buddhis trading kingdom of Pannai, circa 11th to 14th century CE, connected to Bahal temple in North Padang Lawas Regency.
Administrative divisions.
The regency is divided administratively into 8 subdistricts ("kecamatan"):

</doc>
<doc id="20539158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539158" title="Rantau Prapat">
Rantau Prapat

Rantau Prapat is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of Labuhan Batu Regency. Rantau Prapat is also a village in the sub-district of Rantau Utara (North Rantau). It consists of 3 main roads. There is a saying (when Rantau Prapat had only 1 main road) that if you forget to hit the brakes once you see the town, you will have passed the town. According to several trip agencies, the Suzuya hotel/mall is the best hotel in Rantau Prapat. A number of citizens move to larger cities like Medan in search for more job opportunities and/or universities. In the year 2003 its status of administrative city was erased as it did not fulfill the requirements. A large river named the Bilah river runs through the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20539159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539159" title="Waltham High School">
Waltham High School

Waltham High School is the only public high school serving the city of Waltham, Massachusetts.
Old School Building.
The old Waltham High School (located at 55 School Street) was originally constructed in 1902. Designed by Samuel Patch and Robert Glancey, it follows the local contemporary style of Romanesque and Classical Revival architecture. Added onto in the 1920s, the building eventually fell out of favor and was replaced with the current Waltham High site in 1969. The old Waltham High became defunct by the 1990s and sat empty for many years. The building was ultimately reinhabited; the additions constructed in the 1920s were removed, restoring the school to its 1902 appearance, and a modern addition was added directly behind the old building, which left the historical structure as the façade. The new construct, known now as John W. McDevitt Middle School (named for a former superintendent), entered service in 2003.
The old Waltham High building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Current Building.
The current Waltham High School facility opened in 1969. It is designed in two long rows of rooms connected by several transverse hallways. The west side is the Fine Arts wing and includes the Robinson Auditorium, home of Waltham's Reagle Players. There are two outdoor courtyards built into the design. The school department's offices and school administration occupy the center of the first floor. Two gymnasiams and the cafeteria dominate the east side of the building. A detached Automotive Technology annex faces the visual arts hallway.The high school now has a school store called "Hawk's Nest" where the students can buy sports apparel with Hawk's logo on it. The school also has a Television studio. The television channel is called Wetv (Waltham high school's educational television channel)
Although Waltham High is well-maintained, the building itself is now over forty years old and has had little work performed on it in its entire lifetime. Waltham High is older than nearby Newton North's old facility, which was torn down after only thirty-seven years of service due to it aging poorly; although Waltham has held up better, this provides a context for the facility's age and need for renovation, especially the science labs, which are essentially unchanged from 1969. At the present time, the school department is exploring a partnership with the Massachusetts School Building Authority to help prepare and finance either a renovation of the building or construction of a new one. These talks, however, have been ongoing for over two years.
Administration.
School Administration
Department Administration
Sports.
Waltham High has multiple sports including ice hockey, track and field (indoor and outdoor), football, basketball, volleyball, field hockey, swimming, skiing, soccer golfetc. Waltham High athletic teams compete in the Dual County League. The mascot for most sports in Waltham is "The Hawk". It also offers many activities such as show choir, show band, band/orchestra, language clubs (Spanish, French, Italian and Latin), student council, GSA, Dance Theatre and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="20539170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539170" title="Candidates of the Australian Senate election, 1953">
Candidates of the Australian Senate election, 1953

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1953 Australian Senate election. The election was held on 9 May 1953.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending two seats. Senators John Armstrong (Labor), Bill Ashley (Labor), John McCallum (Liberal), Albert Reid (Country) and Bill Spooner (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. Senators Archie Benn (Labor), Walter Cooper (Country), Ben Courtice (Labor), Neil O'Sullivan (Liberal) and Annabelle Rankin (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. Senators Clive Hannaford (Liberal), Ted Mattner (Liberal), George McLeay (Liberal), Theo Nicholls (Labor) and Sid O'Flaherty (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Six seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Liberal Senator Jack Chamberlain's death; this had been filled in the interim by Liberal John Marriott. The Labor Party was defending four seats (although sitting senator Bill Morrow contested the election for the "Tasmanian Labor Party"). The Liberal Party was defending two seats. Senators Allan Guy (Liberal), Denham Henty (Liberal), Nick McKenna (Labor) and Reg Wright (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Senators Don Cameron (Labor), George Rankin (Country), Charles Sandford (Labor), Jim Sheehan (Labor) and John Spicer (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Six seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by Country Party Senator Edmund Piesse's death; this had been filled in the interim by Bill Robinson, also of the Country Party. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats. Senators Agnes Robertson (Liberal), Dorothy Tangney (Labor), Seddon Vincent (Liberal) and Don Willesee (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is an indication of whether the party contested the Senate election in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20539179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539179" title="Kota Pinang">
Kota Pinang

Kota Pinang is a town in North Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of South Labuhan Batu Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="20539191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539191" title="Waltham Gas and Electric Company Generating Plant">
Waltham Gas and Electric Company Generating Plant

Waltham Gas and Electric Company Generating Plant is a historic power company generator building at 96 Pine Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539202" title="Pewits Nest State Natural Area">
Pewits Nest State Natural Area

Pewits Nest State Natural Area is a nature reserve of Wisconsin, USA, that includes a deep gorge formed during the retreat of the last glacier. Pewits Nest is outside of Baraboo in Sauk County. At one time a waterwheel and mill were located on the site and "an individual lived in the solid sandstone, like a gnome in a cavern." The name of the site was a result of early settlers calling it "Peewit's Nest" after the abode, ten feet above a deep pool of water, resembling the nest of a phoebe (or peewit, an earlier name for this bird).
The water-wheel once turned lathes for repairing or manufacturing equipment, but no evidence of it remains. Pewits Nest is owned by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources and was designated a State Natural Area in 1985.
Prehistory.
When Glacial Lake Baraboo drained, Skillet Creek cut a narrow canyon through the Cambrian sandstone, forming a number of potholes and waterfalls. The creek that runs through the cliff is Skillet Creek. The layers of Cambrian sandstone show that finer-grained sediment was laid down by the Cambrian seas, Sandstones are found in layers. Forest cover includes red cedar, white pine, red pine, and yellow birch.
Description.
The area includes red cedar, white pine, hemlock, and yellow birch trees as well as Skillet Creek, shaded cliffs, and a northern dry-mesic forest. It is located off U.S. Highway 12 and County W in southwest Baraboo.

</doc>
<doc id="20539206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539206" title="Waltham Gas Light Company">
Waltham Gas Light Company

Waltham Gas Light Company is located at 2 Cooper Street in Waltham, Massachusetts and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. According Massachusetts cultural inventory records, the company buildings in this listing were demolished in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20539221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539221" title="United States Watch Company">
United States Watch Company

The United States Watch Company is a historic factory building at 260 Charles Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The current building was completed in 1886 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989, where it is listed at 256 Charles Street. The business was originally founded in 1879 as the Waltham Watch Tool Company, and was reorganized as the U.S. Watch Company in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="20539239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539239" title="United States Post Office–Waltham Main">
United States Post Office–Waltham Main

The U.S. Post Office—Waltham Main is a historic post office at 774 Main Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1935 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20539249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539249" title="Geoff Williams (painter)">
Geoff Williams (painter)

Geoff Williams (* 1957) is a New Zealand contemporary realist artist, based in the southern South Island city of Dunedin, Otago. He is best known for his meticulously rendered acrylic paintings, encompassing nudes, landscapes and still life. He started his career as a sign writer and screen printer in his father's sign shop where he was exposed to other pre-eminent New Zealand artists. He has been working as full-time artists since the mid-1990s.
Significant recognition was afforded Williams by pre-eminent art critic John Daly-Peoples in the National Business Review. Peoples wrote 
"Geoff Williams' paintings of landscapes, still life and nudes are filled with colour and light. The surface of these works are alive with thousands of tiny brush strokes that combine to make objects which shimmer and dance. There is an impressionistic quality to the work that recalls the pointillism of Seurat and the feverish brush strokes of van Gogh. Each work appears to have an underlying life force, the small painterly gestures animating the objects and their backgrounds. The artist also renders the varying textures of the objects he paints."

</doc>
<doc id="20539257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539257" title="Hershey's Miniatures">
Hershey's Miniatures

Hershey’s Miniatures are packaged assortments of miniature-sized candy bars sold by The Hershey Company.
Description.
Hershey’s Miniatures were originally packaged as an assortment in 1939, and featured the most popular Hershey chocolate bars of that time. The product currently contains traditional Hershey bars, Mr. Goodbars, Hershey's Special Dark, and Krackel bars. Krackel bars are now only available in this assortment.
Each Miniature weighs roughly 8.6g and contains 42 calories. 
A line extension called Hershey’s Miniatures Nut Lovers featuring four kinds of chocolate paired with four varieties of nuts was introduced in 2004 along with La Dulceria Thalia Hershey’s Miniatures, a cookie and candy assortment.

</doc>
<doc id="20539259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539259" title="The Oxford (Waltham, Massachusetts)">
The Oxford (Waltham, Massachusetts)

The Oxford is a historic multiunit residential building at 4 Adams Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The Oxford was built in 1897 in a colonial revival style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539264" title="Electoral district of Cumberland (Tasmania)">
Electoral district of Cumberland (Tasmania)

The Electoral district of Cumberland was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in central Tasmania in towns such as Bothwell, Hamilton and Ouse, and until 1894 included much of the West Coast before the mining districts of Zeehan and Queenstown became large enough to require their own seats.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. Some controversy existed over the 1893 election result, as a redistribution still awaiting royal assent had not been carried out due to the snap election and the sitting member and Speaker of the House, Nicholas John Brown, lost the seat to Don Urquhart, a Zeehan solicitor. The Supreme Court ultimately resolved the matter in Brown's favour, and a new seat, Montagu, was created which Urquhart stood for and won.

</doc>
<doc id="20539281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539281" title="The Castle (Waltham, Massachusetts)">
The Castle (Waltham, Massachusetts)

The Castle, also known as Usen Castle, is a historic building at 415 South Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1928 by John R. Smith as part of the now-defunct Middlesex College of Medicine and Surgery, became part of the Brandeis University campus in 1946, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20539307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539307" title="Stark Building">
Stark Building

The Stark Building is a historic building at 416–424 Moody Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The building was built in a Queen Anne style in 1891 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539313" title="The Maine Campus">
The Maine Campus

The Maine Campus is a twice-weekly newspaper produced by the students of the University of Maine in the United States. It covers university and Town of Orono events, and has four section: News, Opinion, Style and Sports. It serves the 20,000 students, faculty and staff of the University. Founded in 1875, it is one of the oldest surviving papers in Maine. (Only "The Bowdoin Orient", founded in 1871, "The Bates Student", founded in 1873, and the "Sun Journal", founded in 1847, are older).
Circulation and Distribution.
Approximately 4,500 copies of the "Campus" are printed every issue. In recent years, the "Campus" published a 20-page full color edition on Mondays and a 16-page spot color edition on Thursdays. Now, with the new broadsheet format, the paper's length varies. In addition to the new size, the paper is printed in color every issue now and, depending on the length, the paper may be divided into separate sections.
The "Campus" has been online since the late 1990s (MaineCampus.com). On April Fool's Day The Campus runs a satirical edition named "The Maine Crapus".
History and Organization.
"The Maine Campus" has been around since 1875, and has at time been a weekly, daily and semiweekly paper. The "Crucible" was the first student newspaper at the University of Maine, established in 1873, which was replaced by the "College Reporter". "The Reporter" became "The Cadet", which was published monthly from 1855-1899. It then continued as "The Campus", until changing its name to "The Maine Campus" on June 1, 1904. By the time it became "The Maine Campus", it was publishing semimonthly, and by 1912 it was published weekly. It has since then also been known as "The Daily Maine Campus". In 1990 it changed from a daily newspaper to a thrice-weekly newspaper, and has since become a semiweekly.
The "Campus" is a direct-funded student organization, meaning it is an independent company that receives money directly from the school and is not under the purview of student government. However, the paper has, on several occasions, required financial assistance and bailout from the Student Government (notably in 2002-2003). The Campus is partially funded through the communications fee and partially funded through ad sales. The paper is editorially independent of the university.
The newspaper is run by the editor in chief and the business manager. The editor in chief makes all content decisions and is the public face of the newspaper, while the business manager has final say on business decisions. The paper also has a board composed of the editor in chief, the news editor, the Web editor, the sports editor, the production manager, the style editor, the photography editor, the opinion editor and the head copy editor. Unlike many other college newspapers, The Campus does not have any non-student employees.
In fall 2009, "The Maine Campus" switched from tabloid format to broadsheet. In 2012, the paper switched from twice-weekly publication to a once-weekly Sunday paper.
Staff.
The Fall 2011 staff is as follows:<br>
Michael Shepherd, Editor in Chief<br>
Beth Kevit, News Editor<br>
Jamison Cocklin, Assistant News Editor<br>
Rob Stigile, Features Editor<br>
Derrick Rossignol, Style Editor<br>
Madelyn Kearns, Opinion Editor<br>
Jesse Scardina, Sports Editor<br>
Kristina King, Chief Copy Editor<br>
Claire Carter, Chief Copy Editor <br>
Haley Johnston, Photo Editor<br>
Paul Perkins, Assistant Photo Editor<br>
MacKenzie Rawcliffe, Design Editor/Production Manager
Business Manager - Olivia Fournier<br>
Advertising Manager - Jordan Rowe<br>
Marketing Manager - Christian Ouellette<br>
Assistant Business Manager - Erin Baylis<br>
Assistant Advertising Manager - Jordan Rowe
Copy Editors - Linette Mailhot, Kaylie Reese, Kayla Riley, Heather Pilling<br>
Production Assistant - Katy Hein<br>
News Staff Reporters - Chris Chase, Matthew Soucy<br>
Opinion Staff Columnists -
Notable alumni.
Stephen King wrote a weekly column for the "Campus" in the 1970s and also published short stories such as Slade in the newspaper. According to "Haunted Heart" by Lisa Rogak:
After writing a few articles and essays for "The Maine Campus", Steve decided to approach the editor, David Bright, about writing a weekly column. Bright gave him the go-ahead, and his first column appeared on February 20, 1969. Steve christened his column "The Garbage Truck" because, as he put it, "You never know what you're going to find in a garbage truck."
From the beginning, Bright liked Steve's writing, but he wasn't overly fond of the nerve-racking style in which Steve cranked out his columns. AN hour before the deadline with no column in sight, Steve would show up at the paper's office. Bright, wringing his hands, would tell Steve how many column inches he needed to fill for that issue. Steve would then sit down at one of the big, hulking green typewriters in the newspaper office and bang out his copy, letter-perfect with no cross-outs, no corrections, no crumpled-up pieces of paper, and meet his deadline with moments to spare.
King's columns were often controversial and were popular in the community, even garnering the attention of then-President Winthrop Libby, but neither his columns nor his short stories have ever been republished. According to "Stephen King from A to Z":
(Slade) will never be issued because King considers it juvenilia and has steadfastly refused all attempts to bring it back into print, to the point of having his lawyer write a litigious letter when The Maine Campus considered reprinting it, along with King's nonfiction columns, in a book for fund-raising purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20539325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539325" title="William Hepburn Russell (baseball)">
William Hepburn Russell (baseball)

William Hepburn Russell (died November 21, 1911) was the owner of the Boston Rustlers of the National League in . In 1910, he purchased the club from John Dovey. After his death in 1911 the franchise was sold to James Gaffney.
References.
Atlanta Braves owners

</doc>
<doc id="20539327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539327" title="Waltham Water Works Shop">
Waltham Water Works Shop

Waltham Water Works Shop is a historic building at 92 Felton Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1894 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539334" title="The Magic Dishpan of Oz">
The Magic Dishpan of Oz

The Magic Dishpan of Oz is a 1994 children's book written by Jeff Freedman and illustrated by Denis McFarling. As its title indicates, the book is one contribution to the ever-growing literature on the Land of Oz, originated by L. Frank Baum and continued by many successors.
The book was published by the Emerald City Press, an imprint of Books of Wonder that specializes in Oz literature.
Freedman's book draws on the general Oz mythos, and in particular on two volumes of the "Famous Forty" — Baum's "The Lost Princess of Oz" (1917) and Ruth Plumly Thompson's "The Silver Princess in Oz" (1938). The magic dishpan of Freedman's title is the diamond-encrusted golden dishpan that belonged to Cayke the Cookie Cook in the Baum book.
Synopsis.
The protagonists of "The Magic Dishpan of Oz" are two sisters, seven-year-old Rebecca and three-year-old Shoshanna. Natives of Oregon, the two girls are playing by a stream near their home one day, when they find an unusual frog. The animal seems to want to communicate with them, and Shoshanna thinks she can understand it. The frog (they come to call it "Froggie") also appears to want them to follow it; and when the girls do, Froggie leads them to a semi-submerged object, a gem-studded gold dishpan. The girls take their new treasure home. At one point, Rebecca says, "Oh, I just wish I knew where this dishpan came from!" The magic talisman obligingly transports the girls (and frog) to Oz.
Familiar as they are with Oz from books, Rebecca and Shoshanna are unpleasantly surprised by the welcome they receive. Landing in the Winkie Country, they find that the locals are hostile and suspicious, so much so that the girls are locked in a barn overnight, so that they can be turned over to "our illustrious Magician" the next day. With the aid of some friendly talking sheep, girls escape with the dishpan. (And frog. They concluded that Froggie is under an enchantment, since he does not gain the ability to speak when he comes to Oz. At one point, Shoshanna impulsively tries to kiss the frog, but he evades her lips.) The children make their way toward the Emerald City along the yellow brick road. In an abandoned house, the girls find Scraps the Patchwork Girl, the Scarecrow, and the Tin Woodman, disassembled. The three Oz inhabitants are quickly restored to normal. 
The children learn that Oz has been infiltrated by malignant magicians who have disrupted the normal order. The party (girls and Ozites) sets out for the palace of Glinda, but is quickly waylaid by a Magician and a hundred of his followers. The enchanter calls himself the Magician of Suspicion; he specializes in spreading distrust and ill-feeling. By sowing discord among their guards, the party manage to escape from their captors (with dishpan, and frog). They now turn toward the Gillikin Country to look for Planetty, the Silver Princess. After further adventures and conflicts, the girls and their Ozite friends unite with Planetty and her followers, and together they move toward Glinda's palace in the Quadling Country. Froggie pays court to Planetty with gifts of flowers; the Princess kisses him, and he turns into the Frogman from "Lost Princess". The Frogman had been enchanted and sent out of Oz with the dishpan, by the Magician who has taken over the Emerald City.
Glinda is not at her palace. The party consult her Great Book of Records to learn how to restore Oz. They discover that the main figures of Oz, Glinda, Princess Ozma, and the Wizard, have been turned into the emeralds and rubies that decorate the dishpan. As is fitting in a fairy tale, it is Shoshanna, the smallest and youngest member of the group, who restores the missing principals, just in time for Glinda to overcome the Magician of Ignorance and return Oz to its former state.
The villains.
The Magicians of Mischief are not restricted to the Land of Oz; to the contrary, they plague the entire world. They have come to Oz because they "have suffered a few temporary setbacks in the outside world." They find the naive residents of Oz easy to influence. The Magician of Ignorance claims to be the most powerful of his group. Glinda cannot destroy them; but she deprives the Magician of Ignorance of his magic staff: "without his cane, he won't be able to cause nearly as much trouble."
Denouement.
In the context of the Oz mythos, Freedman ends his plot with a major twist on Ozite magic. At the novel's climax, the prime authority figures and forces of benevolent power — Ozma, Glinda, and the Wizard — are unavailable. When the Great Book of Records is consulted, Rebecca suggests that they ask the Book what to do next — and the Book supplies the crucial knowledge that allows Good to triumph. There is no indication in Baum's canon that the Book of Records responds to questions. To the contrary, the Book's information is often cryptic and problematic; it can be as frustrating as it is helpful. The idea that the Book of Records can be questioned productively is Freedman's innovation.

</doc>
<doc id="20539342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539342" title="William Wellington House">
William Wellington House

William Wellington House is a historic house at 785 Trapelo Road in Waltham, Massachusetts.
History.
It was built in 1779 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. 
The home was purchased as part of a development of condominiums nearby now known as "Wellington Crossing". The developers donated the house along with $100,000 for its renovations to the city of Waltham in 2005. Renovations of the exterior were undertaken after some $367,000 were raised by the Waltham Historical Commission. Archie Bennett, director of the commission, said that William Wellington and his family were among the founding families of Waltham and that their Georgian home deserved attention.
The house stayed in two families until somewhere around 1930 when it was acquired by Middlesex County Hospital. Prior to renovations, it had been abandoned for over 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20539350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539350" title="Electoral district of Montagu">
Electoral district of Montagu

The Electoral district of Montagu was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It covered the West Coast region of Tasmania and its main centre of population was the town of Zeehan.
The seat was created out of part of the seat of Cumberland in a redistribution intended to be carried out for the state election, held on 19 December 1993. However, the redistribution had not yet secured royal assent at the time of the election, and Zeehan solicitor Don Urquhart won the Cumberland poll against the incumbent member, Nicholas John Brown. This ended up in the Supreme Court of Tasmania, which voided the election result. When the district of Montagu was proclaimed, a by-election was called for 2 March 1894 which was won by Urquhart, who went on to be the only member for the seat. It was abolished at the 1900 state election and replaced with the seats of Lyell, covering the wider West Coast area, and Zeehan, covering only the town. Urquhart successfully transferred to the Zeehan seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20539352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539352" title="Amanita muscaria var. guessowii">
Amanita muscaria var. guessowii

"Amanita muscaria" var. "guessowii", commonly known as the American Eastern Yellow Fly Agaric is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus "Amanita".
Description.
"Amanita muscaria" var. "guessowii" has a pleasant odor and taste.
Cap.
The cap is 4.5–16 (18) cm wide, convex, and becomes broadly convex to flat in age. It is bright yellow or yellow-orange, usually more orange or reddish orange towards the disc, and fading to pale yellow. The volva is distributed over the cap as cream to pale tan warts; it is otherwise smooth and sticky when wet. The margin becomes slightly striate in age. The flesh is white and it does not stain when cut or injured.
Gills.
The gills are free to narrowly adnate, subcrowded to crowded, cream to pale cream, truncate, unevenly distributed, of diverse lengths, and plentiful.
Spores.
"Amanita muscaria" var. "guessowii" spores are white in deposit, broadly ellipsoid to ellipsoid (infrequently subglobose or elongate) and inamyloid. The spores are (7.0–) 8.7-12.2 (-14.8) x (5.9) 6.5–8.2 (9.5) µm.
Stipe.
The stipe is (4)6 –15 x 1–3 cm, more or less equal or narrowing upwards and slightly flaring at the apex. It is white to yellowish cream, densely stuffed with a pith, the skirtlike ring is membranous, persistent, the lower stipe and upper bulb are decorated with partial or complete concentric rings of volval material that are bright pale yellow to cream or sordid cream.
Microscopic features.
Clamps are present at bases of the basidia.
Distribution and habitat.
"Amanita muscaria" var. "guessowii" is found growing solitary or gregariously, it is mycorrhizal with conifers mostly but also deciduous trees as well, it is found often in the fall but sometimes in the spring, common in the northeast, from eastern Canada to North Carolina west to Michigan.
Biochemistry.
"Amanita muscaria" var. "guessowii" contains ibotenic acid and muscimol. The amount varies from mushroom to mushroom.

</doc>
<doc id="20539368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539368" title="Whitney-Farrington-Cook House">
Whitney-Farrington-Cook House

Whitney-Farrington-Cook House was a historic house at 385 Trapelo Road in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. It was demolished circa 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20539372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539372" title="The Mourning of a Star">
The Mourning of a Star

The Mourning of a Star is an album by pianist Keith Jarrett featuring performances by Keith Jarrett, Charlie Haden and Paul Motian.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "These trio performances (with bassist Charlie Haden and drummer Paul Motian) are impressive for the period, but the best was yet to come.".

</doc>
<doc id="20539381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539381" title="William Gibbs House">
William Gibbs House

William Gibbs House is a historic house at 14 Liberty Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539387" title="Cassette-corder">
Cassette-corder

A line of portable compact cassette recorders manufactured by Sony. The first Cassette-corder model was the TC-100 in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="20539395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539395" title="Wetherbee House (Waltham, Massachusetts)">
Wetherbee House (Waltham, Massachusetts)

The Wetherbee House is a historic house at 357 Crescent Street in Waltham, Massachusetts. It was built in 1892 by Frank W. Wetherbee, who at the time was the foreman of the Dial Department of the Waltham Watch Factory. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Criteria statement.
357 Crescent Street provides a glimpse of a well-to-do late 19th century American Waltham Watch Company Foreman's home. This house, with its irregular form, complex roof configuration, richly ornamented entrance porch, stained glass transforms, and picturesque, conically-capped corner tower, ranks among the most elaborate examples of the Queen Anne style in Waltham. As a reflection of the development of the South Side by the “Watch” in the second half of the 19th century, and as a well detailed and well preserved example of the Queen Anne style, 357 Crescent Street meets criteria 1 and C of the National Register of Historic Places. It possesses integrity of location, design, setting, materials, workmanship, feeling and association.
Architectural significance.
This house ranks among the most elaborate examples of the Queen Anne style in Waltham, possessing an irregular plan characterized by projecting porches, bays, oriels and conically-capped corner tower. The house is sheathed in clapboards and patterned shingles. Particularly noteworthy is its front porch and paneled chamfered posts, and medallions at the porch’s entablature and pediment roof. The original multi-panel double-doors are flanked by large, arched windows, with colorful stained glass fanlights. In addition to the alternating courses of clapboards and patterned shingles, this house features vertical and horizontal “stick” work above the 2nd floor windows, of the main and side facades. Projecting from the northeast corner is a square 2-story bay, with a lunette window at the bay’s gable (lunette and stick paneling from a sunburst motif characteristic of the Queen Anne style). Projecting from the southeast corner is a 3-level tower, with a 4-bay loggia at the 3rd level. The conically-capped tower retains its slate shingles and copper finial. The central portion of this house is crowned by a hip-roof. In the center of the main façade’s roof slope, is a double dormer. Rectangular panels containing oval, stain glass windows, appear on the first floor of the north and south walls.
Historical significance.
357 Crescent Street symbolized, in domestic architectural terms, the late 19th century prosperity of the American Waltham Watch Company. Deeds and Water Department records indicate that the house was built in 1892. On April 9, 1892, Frank W. Wetherbee purchased this house from George L. Olney. The Olney/Wetherbee deed does not mention buildings on this property (Middlesex Deed 2155:417), but buildings are mentioned in a mortgage deed between Wetherbee and a William Earl Allen, on Nov 3, 1892. ($5,000 mortgage for three years at 5%). Frank W. Wetherbee, foreman, dial dept., American Waltham Watch Co. is first listed at this address in 1893. Prior to the early 1890s Wetherbee lived at 72 Taylor Street and worked for E.W. Wetherbee, dial manufacturer, rear 42 Crescent Street. Frank Wetherbee lived at 357 Crescent Street until at least 1915.
Recent updates.
In 1997, Robert and Juana Ham McDougall purchased the home after it had served as a fraternity house for college students as well as a boarding house for multiple tenants. Soon after purchasing the house, the McDougalls actively restored and renovated the home as it was in need of a great deal of attention. They replaced the wood flooring throughout the first floor with the exception of the oak flooring in the dining room. They completely remodeled the kitchen with all modern amenities but kept the original wainscoting and trim, keeping the charm and feel of the Victorian era alive. They completed restoration of the exterior of the house in 1998, including a five color paint scheme - 3 shades of green on the clapboards and shingles, blue porch ceilings and a cranberry accent to highlight the architectural details. The original stained glass panes that adorned the two front window archways and two oval side windows were missing from the home. Fortunately, another home in Waltham, also designed by architect George Strout, retained its original stained glass. The McDougalls took photos of these and retained renowned custom stained glass maker Jim Anderson in Boston to replicate fine examples of what would have been originally installed in the home.
Many fine details inside the home remain original and intact, including its ornate fireplace and Anaglypta wallpaper in the dining room as well as the Lincrusta dado in the entry and along the internal staircase. The house was featured on the cable HGTV program "Restore America".

</doc>
<doc id="20539396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539396" title="Christian Tychsen (Governor)">
Christian Tychsen (Governor)

Christian Tychsen was the first head of the Danish Gold Coast to be given the title of "Governor" on a regular basis. Prior to his governorship, only Bartholomaus von Gronstein, Conrad Crull, and Magnus Prang had served as governors. He served as governor from 20 October 1766 until his death in 1768, governing from the capital of the colony, Fort Christiansborg.
Before Christian Tychsen, three Danes had been designated as "commander". While Peter With (1677–1681) was Opperhoved in Friedensborg, Johann Ulrich served as "commander" at Fort Christiansborg (1677 to 1679); he was succeeded by Peter Boldt whose "commandership" lasted from 1679 to 1681 when Magnus Prang became governor. The last commander was Lieutenant Lykke.

</doc>
<doc id="20539399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539399" title="Von Galen">
Von Galen

The Von Galen family is an old, noble, Westphalian family, historically Roman Catholic, from the County of Mark.
The earliest von Galens appeared in the twelfth century. Some branches of the family spread to East Prussia through the crusades and military expeditions of the Teutonic Order during the high and late Middle Ages. The German branches still in existence hold the titles of Freiherr (baron) and Graf (count).

</doc>
<doc id="20539417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539417" title="Brendan Gan">
Brendan Gan

Brendan Gan (born 3 June 1988) is an Australian born Malaysian footballer who plays for Kelantan in the Malaysia Super League.
Club career.
Gan began playing football for his local club, the Marton Hammers before he signed for the Sutherland Sharks in 2000 when he was twelve years old and came up through their youth grades to make his senior debut for the club in 2008. It was this debut season that shot Gan to prominence within the local media which brought with it a growing reputation to match. He did not disappoint with dazzling performances week in week out which eventually led him to being crowned the New South Wales Premier League player of the year, taking out the Gold Medal award for the competition.
Sydney FC.
He was signed by Sydney FC for their inaugural National Youth League squad ahead of competition from rival A-League clubs.
On 28 November 2008, Gan made his debut for Sydney FC against Queensland Roar with a 5 minute cameo where he caught the eye.
On 7 December, he scored the winning goal in the 78th minute for Sydney FC against the Newcastle Jets to give them their first win in 7 games.
Gan was given his full senior debut on 13 December against Central Coast Mariners. He scored his second senior goal against Melbourne Victory with a long range strike from outside the penalty area.
Gan scored his third senior goal against Wellington Phoenix with a powerful header from a corner. This goal gave Sydney FC a 2–0 win over Wellington and placed them on the top of the table, leapfrogging Gold Coast United.
On 2 December 2010, in only his second start for the season, he scored the opening goal in a 3–1 win, once again over Wellington Phoenix.
He was released from Sydney, along with several other players at the end of Sydney's 2011 Asian Champions League campaign.
Bonnyrigg White Eagles.
Gan signed for Bonnyrigg White Eagles in the NSW Premier League, and made his debut in the Round 15 game against Sydney United.
Sabah FA.
On 17 November 2011, Brendan joined the Malaysian club, Sabah FA as one of the two foreign players allowed in the 2012 Malaysia Super League. Brendan, alongside his fellow countrymen, Michael Baird signed a one year contract with Sabah.
Rockdale City Suns.
However, Brendan returns to Australia league and joins Rockdale City Suns FC which competing in the NSW Premier League after his former club doesn't want to offer him a new contract.
Kelantan FA.
On November 2013, Brendan come back to Malaysia and signed to Malaysian side, Kelantan FA for two years contract.
International career.
Brendan has not been capped for Australia nor Malaysia. Brendan is qualified to play for Australia as he was born and raised at Australia. He is also qualified to play for Malaysia through parentage. But Brendan has yet not decided to play for either Australia or Malaysia. however, in a recent interview Gan revealed that he is interested to play for Malaysia and he would be open to play for Malaysia if the opportunity arises. He has decided that he wants to play for the Malaysia national football team

</doc>
<doc id="20539426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539426" title="Electoral district of Lyell">
Electoral district of Lyell

The Electoral district of Lyell was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the towns of Queenstown and Strahan in the West Coast region of Tasmania.
The seat was created in a redistribution in 1899, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. It was first filled at a by-election on 10 April 1899, notable for being the first occasion on which the Labor Party contested a Tasmanian seat. Its candidate, R. Matthews, gained 40% of the votes. In 1903, Labor's James Long won the seat. At the 1909 election he successfully transferred to the multi-member seat of Darwin (now known as Braddon), but resigned the following year to successfully contest an Australian Senate seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20539440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539440" title="Massachusetts State Armory">
Massachusetts State Armory

The Massachusetts State Armory is a historic armory at 465 Main Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts. It is a two story Neo-Classical brick building, whose front facade is dominated by a Classical portico with four columns extending the full height of the building. It has a stone water table and cornice. The building was constructed in 1913 to replace an earlier armory which had been destroyed by fire in 1911.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20539460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539460" title="De Castellane">
De Castellane

De Castellane is a Champagne producer based in the Épernay region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1895, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee" as well as a "blanc de blancs" Chardonnay Champagne. The house is currently under the ownership of Laurent-Perrier. 

</doc>
<doc id="20539470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539470" title="Joseph Margiotta">
Joseph Margiotta

Joseph M. Margiotta (c. 1927 – November 28, 2008) was an American political boss who ran the Nassau County, New York Republican Party, considered "one of the most powerful political organizations in New York State",until his 1983 convictions on federal charges.
Margiotta represented Uniondale in the New York State Assembly from 1966 until 1976, when he was succeeded by Kemp Hannon.
Margiotta became chairman of the Nassau Republican Party in 1967, exercising control over political appointments and patronage jobs, and playing an active role in issues including allocation of cable television franchises and bridge tolls. Residents would often call a local Republican committeeman to deal with issues like broken streetlights instead of calling a county agency.
At a campaign rally held in 1972 with a crowd of 15,000 at the Nassau Coliseum as part of Richard Nixon's re-election campaign, Nixon's opening words were "This is the biggest and best rally, Joe Margiotta, I have ever seen".
He was convicted in 1981 for his involvement in a scheme in which a Long Island insurance company would split its commissions with Republican politicians, with some $678,000 brought in over a decade. The government's case relied on the presumption that Margiotta's influence over county government made him a public official subject to federal extortion laws, even though he was not an elected official. Margiotta insisted that he had not broken any laws, stating that "I've been convicted because I’ve been a successful political leader". After his conviction on federal mail fraud and conspiracy charges as part of the municipal insurance kickback scheme, he was forced to resign from his post and spent 14 months in prison.
Among his most successful protégés were former United States Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, former New York State Republican Party chairman Joseph Mondello, and Dean Skelos, majority leader of the New York State Senate.
He was an alumnus of Hofstra University, which named its field house Margiotta Hall in his honor in 1991. Margotta was a Hofstra student-athlete and long-time supporter. He founded the Hofstra Pride Club and served as its president for more than 20 years. The Joseph M. Margiotta Distinguished Service Award is given annually by Hofstra in recognition of extraordinary dedication, generosity and service to the Hofstra Pride Club and Hofstra athletics.
Margiotta, a resident of Brookville, New York, died at age 81 on November 28, 2008 at St. Francis Hospital in Roslyn, New York, where he had been hospitalized for nearly a week.

</doc>
<doc id="20539481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539481" title="Yale Avenue Historic District">
Yale Avenue Historic District

The Yale Avenue Historic District is a residential historic district near the center of Wakefield, Massachusetts. It encompasses eight residential properties, all but one of which were developed in the 1860s and 1870s, after the arrival of the railroad in town. These properties were built primarily for Boston businessmen, and mark the start of Wakefield's transition to a suburb.
The district, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989, consists of five houses (16-24) on the south side of Yale Street, and three (21-25) directly opposite on the north side. Five are Italianate in style, one is Second Empire, one is Queen Anne, and the newest house in the district, 22 Yale Avenue, was built c. 1896 in the Colonial Revival Style.
Although the houses are nominally in one style, most exhibit features that are reminiscent of a different style. The house at 20 Yale Avenue, for instance, follows a somewhat typical Italianate L-shaped plan, but its porch is more elaborately decorated with what might be considered Queen Anne features. The house at 23 Yale Avenue, built c. 1863, marks a shift from the Italianate to the Second Empire with the addition of a mansard-style roof with fish scale shingles.

</doc>
<doc id="20539487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539487" title="Electoral district of Longford">
Electoral district of Longford

The Electoral district of Longford was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Longford near Tasmania's second city, Launceston.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1886 state election, largely replacing the seat of Norfolk Plains, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20539500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539500" title="Chanoine Frères">
Chanoine Frères

Chanoine is a Champagne producer based in the Reims region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1730, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee" as well as an extra dry series of wines known as "Tsarine".

</doc>
<doc id="20539509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539509" title="Darbyshire railway station">
Darbyshire railway station

Darbyshire is a closed station located in the town of Darbyshire, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20539519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539519" title="Bullioh railway station">
Bullioh railway station

Bullioh is a closed station located in the town of Bullioh, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20539521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539521" title="Idaho Candy Company">
Idaho Candy Company

The Idaho Candy Company is a candy manufacturer in Boise, Idaho, United States.
History.
The Idaho Candy Company was founded in 1901 by T.O. Smith. He began by making chocolates in his garage, and then selling them door-to-door. In 1909 he opened a factory in Boise which still operates today. In 1984, John Wagers bought the company and his son Dave Wagers is the current-serving president of Idaho Candy.
Products.
Over the years, the company has produced more than 50 varieties of candy bar, of which three are still being produced today. The Idaho Spud (1918) consists of a cocoa-flavored marshmallow center covered with a dark chocolate coating and sprinkled with coconut flakes. It is shaped like a potato. The Old Faithful (1925) consists of a vanilla-flavored marshmallow center topped with whole peanuts and covered with milk chocolate. The Cherry Cocktail (1926) consists of a maraschino cherry cream center coated in ground peanuts and milk chocolate. Three varieties of Owyhee Butter Toffee are also still being produced, along with about 20 varieties of bulk candy. All candy made by the company can be bought directly at the Idaho Candy Company website.
Products from the company are labeled as "Owyhee" after the Owyhee River and Owyhee County, Idaho, that are located near the production plant.

</doc>
<doc id="20539522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539522" title="Old Burying Ground (Stoneham, Massachusetts)">
Old Burying Ground (Stoneham, Massachusetts)

The Old Burying Ground is a historic cemetery on Pleasant and William Streets in Stoneham, Massachusetts. Established in 1726, it is the only surviving element of Stoneham's original town center, which also included a meeting house and school. It contains about 150 stones, with grave markers dating from 1728 to 1850. The stones were carved with motifs that were fairly typical of the period including urns, willows, cherubs, and winged death heads.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20539527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539527" title="Allah Selamatkan Sultan Kami">
Allah Selamatkan Sultan Kami

Allah Selamatkan Sultan Kami (God, Save Our Sultan) is the official anthem of Pahang. Historically, the state anthem of Pahang, the fourth of the Federated Malay States in the early years, was a result of a competition held in 1923. Dorothy Lilian Sworder (1892–1982), the daughter of the Agricultural Officer in Pekan at that time, sent an entry. She was a talented musician and her composition was chosen. She later married a Medical Officer, Dr. William Samuel Leicester (1880-1960), and lived in Kuantan for many years.
Literal English Translations.
Old version
New Version

</doc>
<doc id="20539528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539528" title="William Rémy">
William Rémy

William Rémy (born 4 April 1991 in Courbevoie) is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 2 club Dijon FCO. He plays as a central defender and is a French youth international having starred for the under-17, under-18, and under-19 teams.
Football career.
Rémy has been playing with the Pas-de-Calais-based club since 2002. He made his professional football debut on 13 October 2008 in a Ligue 2 match against Guingamp coming on as a substitute playing 8 minutes. Rémy also appeared in RC Lens's upset loss to Championnat de France amateur 2 side and lesser rivals Arras Football in the Coupe de France. He came on as a substitute in the 81st minute and played the entire extra time session before watching his club bow out 4–2 on penalties.
Remy had a trial at Newcastle United F.C. along with Darnel Situ. Both Remy and Situ scored in their debut for the reserves in a 5-0 victory over Gateshead.
After a four-year with Lens, Rémy moved to the Ligue 2 side Dijon FCO on a three-year contract.
International career.
Rémy is a France youth international. He was a part of the France U-17 squad that finished runner-ups at the 2008 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship. In a group stage match against Spain, he scored on a spectacular volley off a corner kick. The goal gave France a 3–2 lead, though Spain would later score and the match would end in a draw. He is currently playing on the France U-18 squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20539533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539533" title="Tallangatta railway station">
Tallangatta railway station

Tallangatta is a closed station located in the town of Tallangatta, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20539541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539541" title="Electoral district of Oatlands">
Electoral district of Oatlands

The Electoral district of Oatlands was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Oatlands to the north of Hobart.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1903 election, when it was merged with the neighbouring seats of Campbell Town and the northern part of Glamorgan into the new district of Cambria.

</doc>
<doc id="20539548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539548" title="Requiem (Killing Joke song)">
Requiem (Killing Joke song)

"Requiem" is Killing Joke's second official single from their 1980 album "Killing Joke". The single was originally released under E'G Records as a 12" single and featured the song "Change" as a B-side, a previous unofficial single. That same year, E'G Records released a 7" version of the single, exempting the demo version of "Requiem". Polydor also released this single as a 7" single only in Italy.
Foo Fighters version.
A cover of "Requiem" appeared on the Foo Fighters 1997 single, "Everlong", as a B-side. Dave Grohl's vocals were "whispered", opposing Coleman's vocals on the original track, and the guitar riff on scale was brought down half a step. The Foo Fighters made a habit of performing the cover at several live shows. They were even joined by Coleman for a performance of the song at a show in New Zealand in 2003.
The song was also coved by the English punk band Beyond Dread

</doc>
<doc id="20539554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539554" title="Tatonga railway station">
Tatonga railway station

Tatonga is a closed station located in the town of Tatonga, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20539573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539573" title="Jestina Mukoko">
Jestina Mukoko

Jestina Mukoko is a Zimbabwean human rights activist and the director of the Zimbabwe Peace Project. She is a journalist by training and a former newsreader with the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation.
In March 2010 Jestina Mukoko was one of ten human rights defenders honoured in the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Awards to women who have shown exceptional courage and leadership in advancing women's rights.
Abduction and detention.
On December 3, 2008 Jestina Mukoko was abducted during the night from her home north of Harare. Dumisani Muleya of "Business Day" reported that she had been "abducted by suspected state agents for allegedly being involved in plans for anti government demonstrations."
She subsequently told The Independent that she was taken away for interrogation about her NGO, the Peace Project, then accused of recruiting youths for military training with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change. She was beaten on the soles of her feet with rubber truncheons (allegedly a favourite torture instrument of the regime in Zimbabwe because they leave no marks likely to be visible at later court appearances).
After three days she was handed over to another group of interrogators who claimed they were "law and order" officials. She was threatened with "extinction" if she chose not to be a witness to the alleged cases of military training.
Prominent world figures including Gordon Brown and Condoleezza Rice demanded her release. The so-called "Group of Elders", including Jimmy Carter, Kofi Annan and Graca Machel, who at the time were being refused admission to Zimbabwe, made an appeal for Mukoko's release at a news conference in South Africa.
The Zimbabwe High Court ordered the Zimbabwe Republic Police to look for Mukoko. The order was ignored by the police who denied knowledge of her whereabouts.
Meanwhile Mukoko had been forced to kneel on gravel for hours while being interrogated in an attempt to force her to sign a statement that she had recruited an ex-policeman to the supposed plot. Her medical condition deteriorated and she was eventually given medicine to treat serious allergies. She was forced to read statements to camera and pressurised to admit links to the former policeman Fidelis Mudimu. She overheard someone say they were at the King George VI Barracks outside Harare.
She was eventually told that she and another abductee, her colleague, Broderick Takawera, were in police custody. She was moved around between different police stations and forced to accompany police on searches of her home and office.
On 24 December the state-run Herald newspaper reported that Mukoko had appeared in court in Harare on charges of attempting to recruit people for military training to try to overthrow the government. She had not been able to consult with lawyers. She appeared in court with seven other abductees, including a 72-year-old man and a two-year-old boy whose father and mother, Violet Mupfuranhehwe and Collen Mutemagawo, were also in detention.
In March 2009, three months after her abduction, Jestina Mukoko was released on bail. Her bail conditions required her to report to her local police station in Norton on a weekly basis and surrender her passport.
On 21 September 2009 the Zimbabwe Supreme Court ordered a permanent stay of criminal proceedings against Jestina Mukoko. Amnesty International welcomed the decision, commenting that the charges were widely believed to have been trumped up by the Mugabe government as part of a wider strategy to silence perceived political opponents. Under the umbrella of the German parliaments’ godparenthood program for human rights activists, German politician Marina Schuster has been raising awareness for Mukoko's work.

</doc>
<doc id="20539580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539580" title="China's Schindler">
China's Schindler

China's Schindler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20539587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539587" title="Bolga railway station">
Bolga railway station

Bolga is a closed station located in the town of Bolga, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20539595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539595" title="Deutz (wine)">
Deutz (wine)

Deutz, formerly known as Deutz Geldermann, is a Champagne producer based in the Aÿ region of Champagne. The house was founded in 1838 and run by successive generations of the Deutz and Geldermann families. Deutz produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvée" as well as a prestige wine known as "Amour de Deutz".
In 1983, the house was acquired by Louis Roederer which helped restore the house to better financial footing. Deutz owns holding in the Bordeaux wine estate of Chateau Vernous and the Rhone estate of Delas Freres. In 1988, Deutz formed a partnership with New Zealand producer Montana Wines to make sparkling wines in the Marlborough region of New Zealand. Since 1993, the estate has been part of the Louis Roederer portfolio of wineries, which also include the Bordeaux wine estate of Château de Pez. In the early 1990s, Deutz partnered with Beringer Wine Estates and a San Luis Obispo landowner to form the Californian sparkling wine producer "Maison Deutz". By 1997, the estate wasn't producing the financial results that Deutz and Beringer were expecting and their interest in the company was sold to the Californian winemaker who rebranded the wine as "Laetitia".

</doc>
<doc id="20539602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539602" title="Huon railway station">
Huon railway station

Huon was a closed station located in the town of Huon, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20539617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539617" title="Drappier">
Drappier

Drappier is a Champagne producer based in the Urville region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1808, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee" as well as a prestige wine known as "Grande Sendrée". 
Drappier Champagne produces an unsulfured Champagne, Brut Nature Zéro Dosage Sans Souffre NV, a Blanc de noirs.
Drappier is considered one of the finest boutique champagne producers in the world: this is because of the cellars where they store the wine, which are among the oldest and most extensive in Europe and also were the only cellars that weren't damaged during the two world wars or the fires that raced through the area in the 1950s.
The low amount of sulfur they use in their wine, which stands at 0.002%, is also the lowest in any champagne, whereas other, larger brands use up to 5%.
Drappier is also the sole source of unusually huge bottles of champagne: those larger than Jeroboam (3 Litres).

</doc>
<doc id="20539619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539619" title="Ebden railway station">
Ebden railway station

Ebden is a closed station located in the town of Ebden, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. All buildings were removed after the closure of the line, leaving only the platform mound and part of the goods platform remaining.
In 2006, the Apex Club of Wodonga began rebuilding the passenger platform as part of a project to restore the station area as an asset of the High Country Rail Trail. The platform itself was complete as at end 2008, with further works planned during 2009-2010 to include picnic facilities, shelters and historic information signboards.

</doc>
<doc id="20539640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539640" title="Bonegilla railway station">
Bonegilla railway station

Bonegilla was a railway station located in the town of Bonegilla, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. The platform has been restored as part of the Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="20539652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539652" title="The Train (1970 film)">
The Train (1970 film)

The Train is a suspense movie starring Rajesh Khanna and Nanda. The film did "above average" business at the box office. Khanna stars as Police Inspector Shyam Kumar who sets out to solve a series of murders which have all taken place on a train. Complicating the situation are his girlfriend Neeta (Nanda), who has been acting mysteriously ever since she began her new job, and hotel dancer Miss Lily (Helen), who needs to seduce the good police inspector but may find that she loses her heart instead.This movie was co-produced by Rajendra Kumar and it was Nanda who suggested Rajendra to cast Rajesh Khanna in the main lead.
It is the remake of the Tamil movie 'Neelagiri Express' released in 1968 starring actor Jaishankar in famous C.I.D.Shankar role, which was also the remake of the Malayalam movie Cochin Express released in 1967 starring Prem Nazir.

</doc>
<doc id="20539662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539662" title="Bandiana railway station">
Bandiana railway station

Bandiana was a closed station located in the town of Bandiana, on the Cudgewa railway line in Victoria, Australia. Today there is nothing left of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20539666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539666" title="Duval-Leroy">
Duval-Leroy

Duval-Leroy is a Champagne producer based in Vertus, a village in the Côte des Blancs region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1859, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvées" as well as a line of organic wines. The house of Duval-Leroy is also known for its pioneering role in promoting a sustainable development model for its viticulture.
Founded in 1859 when Edouard Leroy, a wine trader from the town of Villers-Franqueux, formed a partnership with Jules Duval, a grape-grower and winemaker from Vertus, Duval-Leroy comprises 200 hectares (490 acres) of vines under cultivation. This vineyard consists mostly of chardonnay grapes grown in villages classified as Grand Cru and Premier Cru, and pinot noir grapes from villages, also classified as Grand Cru and Premier Cru, in the Montagne de Reims.
Since 1991, and the early death of Jean Charles Duval, the company has been run by his widow, Carol Duval-Leroy. She has presided over the steady growth of the company, and has left her mark on the champagne world as well, becoming, in 2007, the first woman ever to be nominated chairman of the Association Viticole Champenoise (AVC), the champagne region 's winemakers association.
“ Fleur de Champagne”, the Duval-Leroy Brut Premier Cru cuvee, and « Femme de champagne », the prestige vintage cuvee made only on exceptional years, are Duval-Leroy’s two flagship champagnes.
History.
19th century, Jules Duval & Edouard Leroy.
Duval-Leroy is a family owned business since 1859. It began with the partnership of Mr. Duval and Mr. Leroy in Vertus, a village in the Côte des Blancs.
A few years earlier, a still unofficial ranking of champagne crus had been released, establishing a hierarchy between villages and their terroir. Edouard Leroy a wine merchant from Villers-Franqueux understood the commercial value of such a ranking. Higher quality champagnes, from highly rated areas could be sold for a premium price and insure him a faithful following of demanding customers. If only he could guarantee the constant quality of his champagnes year after year. For this he needed to rely on a trustworthy winemaker with the same concern for quality. That winemaker would turn out to be Jules Duval.
To finalize their partnership they did organize a wedding, between Jules’s son, Henri, and Edouard’s daughter, Louise Eugénie! This marriage would produce a son, Raymond who would run the house of Duval-Leroy for the better half of the 20th century.
Back then, Duval-Leroy was still trying to make a name for itself in the champagne world by appearing at the numerous World Fairs that were popular at the time. At the 1888 Barcelona World Fair, Duval–Leroy came first in the International Wine Competition.
The following years, at Monaco, Moscow, and Paris Universal Exhibitions, Duval-Leroy was recognized for the quality of its champagne.
20th century, from Raymond to Jean Charles Duval-Leroy.
In 1911 the ranking of champagne crus became official, establishing three tier system of “Grands Crus”, “Premiers Crus” and “Crus non classes”. Almost immediately, Raymond who had succeeded his father at the helm of the company, put on the market a new cuvee made exclusively from “premier crus”. It was the very first such cuvee at the time. On first tasting it he found it to have white flower aromas and decided to name it “fleur de champagne” which means “flower of champagne”. The cuvee was an immediate success, and still is, over a century later. In 2012 it won “Best Sparkling Wine” at the Shanghaï IWC.
A figure in Champagne, Raymond held the Legion of Honour for his role in the French army in the First World War.
In the years ahead, Duval-Leroy partook in the growth and misfortunes common to all champagne houses. The region was physically devastated by two wars, twenty years apart. Domains were destroyed, families broken.
When France fell under German occupation, Raymond cut down on production rather than work to see his cellar looted by the nazis. Yearly output fell from one hundred thousand to twenty-five thousand bottles.
After the war, work began anew. Vines that had been torn had to be replanted. Vast areas of the Montagne de Reims were cleared to make room for new vineyards.
In 1950, Charles Roger took over from his father Raymond. He presided over a substantial growth of the company, but kept it as a family operation. Gradually he achieved his goal of getting in his own hand a large enough vineyard to provide a reliable supply of high quality grapes. Eventually he was tapped by his fellow winemakers to become head of the Trader’s Union, a position he would hold from 1983 to 1992.
In 1985, as Jean Charles was getting ready to take his turn running the company, the French wine world was undergoing a revolution of sort. Wines from the New World had just made a spectacular entry on to the international market and were challenging French supremacy. New efforts, new thinking and new methods were required from the French winemaking industry to face this challenge. Jean Charles decided it was time for a major upgrade of the Duval-Leroy facilities and line of wines.
He laid down the plans for modernizing the winery, and started thinking about a new prestige cuvee, which in time would become "Femme de Champagne".
Jean Charles Duval-Leroy died of cancer in 1991, at the young age of 39, just weeks before work for either projects could be completed. His young widow, Carol Duval-Leroy, 35, was left with three young boys, Julien, Charles & Louis, aged 8, 6 and 4, as well as a company to run.
Turn of the 21st century: Carol Duval-Leroy.
Indeed, just days before he passed away, Jean Charles had her promise to take care of the company and keep it in the family hands until she could turn it over to their sons.
The modernisation of production processes, the development of traditional distribution channels, the increased product range and expanded exports are all objectives that Carol Duval-Leroy has set for her company. 
Carol Duval-Leroy is one of the most dynamic CEOs in Champagne. She received the Legion of Honour and the Order of Leopold. In 2007, she was elected at the head of the Association Viticole Champenoise, a key trade organization.
Born in Uccle, near Brussels, in Belgium, from a Flemish father, and a french speaking mother, Carol Nilens first met jean Charles when she was fifteen. It would take them another fifteen years to unite their destinies.
In the meantime, Carol got a degree in economics, started a career in the real estate business, and traveled to Ibiza and Congo. She enjoyed gastronomy and dreamed of running a high class restaurant. 
Instead, she found herself at the helm of a champagne house. In September 1991 she threw a large party to mark the inauguration of the new winery, a 70, 000 square foot and three story high facility on theedge of the village of Vertus. And incidentally to tell the world that she had decided to take up her husband’s challenge, and that the Duval-Leroy company was not for sale. “"It turned out to be the best possible remedy for my sorrow”" says Carol Duval-Leroy today.
Her first decision was to find a new name for the prestige cuvee envisioned by her late husband. She decided to call it “"Femme de Champagne"” (Woman of Champagne) as a reminder of the company’s new identity, being run by a woman, and because champagne is naturally thought of as feminine wine. Made from 85% chardonnay and 15% pinot noir, exclusively grown in Grands Crus areas, "Femme de Champagne" is often described as an elegant and delicate, therefore feminine champagne.
Her second decision was to create a new position in the company. 23 year old Sandrine Logette-Jardin, who had just completed her degree in oenology, became “head of Quality control”. 
Within three years this choice pays off. In 1994, Duval-Leroy became the first house of champagne to be granted the ISO 9002 certification.
Eleven years later, in 2005, Sandrine Logette-Jardin, became head winemaker at Duval-Leroy, the first woman ever to hold such a position in the Champagne region.
In 2007, Carol Duval-Leroy was nominated at the head of the AVC, “Association Vinicole Champenoise”, Champagne’s Winemakers’ Association. Another first for the profession and the area. 
In 2013, Carol Duval-Leroy was named "“most influential woman in Champagne”" by the RVF, “Revue du Vin de France”. 
Although she hasn’t been able to fulfill her early dream of running a prestigious restaurant, Carol Duval-Leroy has already published a cookbook, with personal recipes, and special food and champagne pairings, aptly entitled "“Femme de Champagne”" (Délicéo pubilshers).
2009: the 150th birthday celebration.
2009 marked the 150th anniversary of the Duval-Leroy company. Carol Duval-Leroy used that opportunity to modernize the brand’s visual identity, and upgrade the winery facilities. The hyphonated name, that used to stretch on a single line on bottle labels was split over two lines, in a new modern and dynamic logo. The winery, designed twenty years earlier, was expanded again and brought up to par with contemporary environmental requirements.
Gradually, Carol Duval-Leroy’s three sons have joined her and taken up positions within the company. Julien, the eldest is General Manager, Charles handles Communications and Marketing, Louis, the youngest is in charge of public relations. Edouard, a fourth son, born in 1981, from Jean Charles Duval-Leroy’s first marriage, has set up a wine and spirits import business in Shanghai. He’s also Duval-Leroy’s exclusive representative for the China market.
The MOF Cuvee: “Cuvée des Meilleurs Ouvriers de France, sommeliers.
In the spring of 2013 Duval-Leroy launched its latest champagne, the “MOF” Cuvée. The initials M.O.F stand for “Meilleur Ouvrier de France”, a national distinction that honors “France’s Best Worker” in all manual activities. The MOF cuvee was conceived with input from France’s best sommeliers, as a tribute to that profession and to the world of fine dining. It is made exclusively from Grand Crus & Premiers Crus grapes of the 2008 vintage.
Across the world over 250 award winning restaurants feature Duval Leroy champagnes.
Partnerships and trophies.
Every year Duval-Leroy takes part in over 750 events.
In 2009, it introduced the Duval-Leroy Trophy rewarding the Best Young Sommelier of France. Held every other year, and organized by the Union of French Sommeliers, the competition is open to sommeliers under 26 years of age. The latest edition, which in Vertus on November 25th 2013 crowned young Maxime Brunet of the Chapeau Rouge restaurant in Dijon.(ref – Le Chef, Décembre 2013) 82 candidates were present at the selection, organized at the beginning of april, and ten made it to the finals.
Since 2005, the Carol Duval-Leroy Trophy rewards the best young pastry chef, in a “Dessert of the Year” competition.
The House of Duval-Leroy has also been a steady partner of the competition for "France’s Best Worker" for the Sommeliers category, since the year 2000 ("Meilleur Ouvrier de France, Sommellerie").
Carol Duval Leroy also sponsors the Prix des Lilas, a literary prize, awarded every year to the best woman novel writer, during a ceremony held at The Closerie des Lilas restaurant in Paris.
Vineyards.
Duval-Leroy vineyards comprises under cultivation, which represents a third of the requirements of the house. 40% of its grapes are from Grands Crus and Premiers Crus vineyards.It is present in all villages classified Grand Crus in the Côte des Blancs, such as Oger, Mesnil sur Oger and Avize, and almost all villages classified Grands Crus in the Montagne de Reims, such as Ambonnay, Bouzy and Verzennay. Duval-Leroy benefits from a reliable supply of high quality grapes to elaborate fine wines.
The vineyard is managed to respect environmental commitments. The company has five press centers across Champagne.
Commitment to sustainable development.
Since the beginning, environmental concerns and sustainable development have been at the forefront of the Duval Leroy grape growing and wine making philosophy. 
Above and Beyond a reasoned vineyard management, Duval-Leroy has developed a precise program of wine growing taking into consideration environmental and statutory constraints. 
Measures to combat the run-off of rain water and limit pollution; measures to combat erosion, and measures to preserve natural diversity through the restoration of ecological niches have all been implemented in the past twenty years.
The use of weed killers in the vineyard has been cut by over fifty percent since the year 2000. Water consumption has been lowered by 30%. Likewise the use of phytosanitary products intended to protect the vineyard has been limited and work methods have been optimized to limit the use of such products in as much as it is possible.
Duval-Leroy has invested in renewable energies to power its new winery. The tasting room, reception areas, as well as the oak barrel room where the wine is set to rest are now lit and heated by solar panels. A green wall, comprising over 2500 plants, brings insulation from both heat and sound for this space, providing the cool and quiet necessary for quality wine making. 
Finally a waste management policy has been in place for over ten years insuring that, wine by products as well as office generated waste, such as ink, paper, cardboard, etc, are all recycled.
As a result of its conscious approach to environmental issues Duval-Leroy became the first house of champagne to obtain the ISO 9002 certification back in 1994. Today it has been awarded the IFS, BRC and ISO 22000 certifications as well. 
The next goal of the company is to achieve “HVE” standard, which stands for “High Environmental Value”, with a 2015 time target.
Duval-Leroy was also the first house of champagne to produce a cuvee from organically grown grapes. Called “Authentis”, and made from 100% pinot noir grapes, this cuvee is a “blanc de noirs” from the “premier cru” terroir of Cumières. Authentis has received the “ecocert” (for “eco certification”) label.
Duval-Leroy also produces a “Brut AB”, from organically grown grapes. “AB” stands for “agriculture biologique”, the French equivalent of “organic agriculture”.
Thanks to its investments and actions in favor of sustainable development, Carol Duval-Leroy was awarded the Green Business prize from La Tribune Women’s Award in December 2013.
Range of wines.
The house of Duval-leroy produces vintage and non-vintage champagnes, in a range of styles going from "nature" (meaning zero dosage) to "dry" (25gr of sugar added per liter).
"Traditional cuvées"
"Special cuvées"
"Prestige cuvée"

</doc>
<doc id="20539678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539678" title="Đeletovci">
Đeletovci

Đeletovci is a village in the municipality of Nijemci within the Vukovar-Srijem County, Croatia. It had a population of 684 people in the 2001 census.
The village is located on the Zagreb-Belgrade Railway.
The village is best known for oil fields located in the vicinity owned by INA. The village is inhabited mostly Catholic Croats.
Đeletovci was occupied by Yugoslavian army and by Republic of Serb Krajina forces on October 1, 1991. The village was integrated into the rebel Republic of Serb Krajina during the Yugoslav Wars. The Scorpions paramilitary controlled the village during the war and remained there until 1996 when the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium took control of the area. In 1998, the area was reintegrated into the Republic of Croatia. 
During the war, Serb forces evicted 900 inhabitants of the village. By 1999 only 80 had returned. By 2001 there were 684 people in the village.
Culture.
The village has a cultural association KUD Grančica. The association was founded in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="20539685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539685" title="United States presidential election in Hawaii, 2008">
United States presidential election in Hawaii, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Hawaii took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 4 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Hawaii, the state where Barack Obama was born, gave him 71.9% of the vote with a 45.3% margin of victory in 2008. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Hawaii has voted Democratic in every presidential election since 1988. Obama's margin of victory in this state is only surpassed by that of the District of Columbia and is the only actual state that gave either candidate more than 70% of the vote. Turnout here was much higher than previous elections. 
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Just 3 pre-election polls were ever taken in the state, averaging Obama at 64% to McCain at 30%.
Fundraising.
Obama raised $3,098,395. McCain raised $424,368.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $113,838 while a conservative interest group spent $31. Obama visited the state once.
Analysis.
One of the most reliably blue states in the nation, Hawaii has only voted for two Republican candidates since statehood, both in national Republican landslides--Richard Nixon in 1972 and Ronald Reagan in 1984. A large concentration of Asian Americans makes the state very favorable to the Democrats and is the birthplace of Barack Obama. Although then-Governor Linda Lingle and Lieutenant Governor James Aiona are both Republicans, Democrat Barack Obama still won the state in a landslide over Republican John McCain. During the same election, Democrats picked up one seat in the Hawaii House of Representatives and two seats in the Hawaii Senate, giving them a super-majority in the Hawaii state legislature with 45 out of 51 seats in the Hawaii House and 23 out of 25 seats in the Hawaii Senate.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Barack Obama swept both of Hawaii’s two congressional districts easily. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Hawaii cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Hawaii is allocated 4 electors because it has 2 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 4 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 4 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 4 were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20539687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539687" title="Sergio Jáuregui">
Sergio Jáuregui

Sergio Antonio Jáuregui Landivar (born March 13, 1985 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian football defender who last played for San José in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.
Jáuregui began playing professionally for Blooming in 2002. His good form with club and national team rewarded him with a transfer to Swiss team Yverdon-Sport FC in the second semester of 2005 on a loan; however, he didn't overcome the adaptation process and returned to Bolivia the following year, after making only 3 appearances for Yverdon. At his arrival, he was loaned to The Strongest for a six-month period. For the 2007 season, he rejoined the "celestes".
On August 24, 2009 during a league match, Jáuregui was red carded together with Leonardo Medina of Oriente Petrolero after a clash. While leaving the field, he ran towards Medina and performed a side kick him on his face. After the incident Medina was taken to a hospital. On the other hand, Jauregui was banned to play in Bolivia for 9 months and charged with assault. On June 10, 2010 Jauregui made his official comeback with the team after his suspension was completed. In January 2011 he transferred to San José.
National team.
Between 2004 and 2005, Jáuregui capped for the Bolivian national team in 13 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20539698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539698" title="Semiconductor Chip Protection Act of 1984">
Semiconductor Chip Protection Act of 1984

The Semiconductor Chip Protection Act of 1984 (or SCPA) is an act of the US Congress that makes the layouts of integrated circuits legally protected upon registration, and hence illegal to copy without permission.
Background.
Prior to 1984, it was not necessarily illegal to produce a competing chip with an identical layout. As the legislative history for the SCPA explained, patent and copyright protection for chip layouts, or chip "topographies", was largely unavailable. This led to considerable complaint by U.S. chip manufacturers—notably, Intel, which, along with the Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA), took the lead in seeking remedial legislation—against what they termed "chip piracy." During the hearings that led to enactment of the SCPA, chip industry representatives asserted that a pirate could for $10,000 copy a chip design that had cost its original manufacturer upwards from $100,000 to design.
Enactment of U.S. and other national legislation.
In 1984 the United States enacted the Semiconductor Chip Protection Act of 1984 (the "SCPA") to protect the topography of semiconductor chips. The SCPA is found in title 17, U.S. Code, sections 901-914 ( 17 U.S.C. §§ 901-914).
Japan and European Community (EC) countries soon followed suit and enacted their own, similar laws protecting the topography of semiconductor chips. 
Chip topographies are also protected by TRIPS, an international treaty.
How the SCPA operates.
A "sui generis" law.
Although the U.S. SCPA is codified in title 17 (copyrights), the SCPA is not a copyright or patent law. Rather, it is a "sui generis" law resembling a utility model law or "Gebrauchsmuster". It has some aspects of copyright law, some aspects of patent law, and in some ways it is completely different from either. From "Brooktree", ¶ 23: The Semiconductor Chip Protection Act of 1984 was an innovative solution to this new problem of technology-based industry. While some copyright principles underlie the law, as do some attributes of patent law, the Act was uniquely adapted to semiconductor mask works, in order to achieve appropriate protection for original designs while meeting the competitive needs of the industry and serving the public interest." In general, the chip topography laws of other nations are also "sui generis" laws. Nevertheless, copyright and patent case law illuminate many aspects of the SCPA and its interpretation.
Acquisition of protection by registration.
Chip protection is acquired under the SCPA by filing with the U.S. Copyright Office an application for "mask work" registration under the SCPA, together with a filing fee. The application must be accompanied by identifying material, such as pictorial representations of the IC layers—so that, in the event of infringement litigation, it can be determined what the registration covers. Protection continues for ten years from the date of registration.
Mask works.
The SCPA repeatedly refers to "mask works." This term is a relic of the original form of the bill that became the SCPA and was passed in the Senate as an amendment to the Copyright Act. The term mask work is parallel to and consistent with the terminology of the 1976 Copyright Act, which introduced the concept of "literary works," "pictorial works," "audiovisual works," and the like—and which protected physical embodiments of such works, such as books, paintings, video game cassettes, and the like against unauthorized copying and distribution. This terminology became unnecessary when the House of Representatives insisted on the substitution of a "sui generis" bill, but the SCPA as enacted nonetheless continued its use. The term "mask work" is not limited to actual masks used in chip manufacture, but is defined broadly in the SCPA to include the topographic creation embodied in the masks and chips. Moreover, the SCPA protects any physical embodiment of a mask work.
Enforcement.
The owner of mask work rights may pursue an alleged infringer ("chip pirate") by bringing an action for mask work infringement in federal district court. The remedies available correspond generally to those of copyright law and patent law.
Functionality unprotected.
The SCPA does not protect functional aspects of chip designs. That is reserved to patent law. Although EPROM and other memory chips topographies are protectable under the SCPA, such protection does not extend to the information stored in chips, such as computer programs. Such information is protected, if at all, only by copyright law.
Reverse engineering not prohibited.
The SCPA permits competitive emulation of a chip by means of reverse engineering. The ordinary test for illegal copying (mask work infringement) is the "substantial similarity" test of copyright law, but when the defense of reverse engineering is involved and supported by probative evidence (usually, the so-called paper trail of design and development work), the similarity must be greater. Then, the accused chip topography must be substantially identical (truly copied by rote, so-called slavish copying), rather than just substantially similar, for the defendant to be liable for infringement. Most world chip topography protection laws provide for a reverse engineering privilege.

</doc>
<doc id="20539701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539701" title="Villa del Carmen">
Villa del Carmen

Villa del Carmen or Carmen is a town in Durazno Department of central Uruguay, the third largest populated place in the department, after Durazno and Sarandí del Yí. 
Location.
The town is located on the intersection of Routes 14 and 42, about east of the city of Durazno.
History.
Carmen was founded on 10 June 1874 by a decree of President of Uruguay José Eugenio Ellauri. A principal contribution to the town's economic development was the carpentery industry, as well as the wines produced by André Faraud in the beginning of the 20th century.
On 4 July 1908, its status was elevated to "Pueblo" (village) and was given the name "Pueblo del Carmen" by the Act of Ley Nº 3.305. On 29 April 1975, its status was raised to "Villa" (town) by the Act of Ley Nº 14.363.
Population.
In 2011, Villa del Carmen had a population of 2,692.
Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"
Noted features.
Parque Francisco Davant is named after Francisco Davant, a local political figure distinguished by his sponsorship of tree planting, serves local residents and tourists. The park contains a variety of trees, the planting of which date from the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="20539720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539720" title="Japanese people in France">
Japanese people in France

Japanese people in France are residents and citizens of Japanese ancestry, including both those who have settled in France permanently and those born in the country, along with a significant community of short-term expatriates who spend at most a few years in the country before moving on.
History.
Japanese settlement in France, in contrast to that in Brazil or in the United States, has always consisted of individual sojourners coming to the country for cultural or intellectual reasons rather than economic ones, with little collective mobilisation by the government. Indeed, Japanese leaders of the Meiji period saw France as a symbol of modern civilization, and endeavoured to prevent "men whose respectability and civility they doubted" from settling there.
Before World War I.
The flow of individual Japanese expatriates to France began as early as the 1870s. For the most part, they came to France for a few years to experience the intellectual and cultural life there, and then return to Japan; their experiences in France are seen as a form of "cultural capital" which boosts their status back in their home country.
Between the wars.
The Japanese expatriate community of the inter-war period is portrayed in Riichi Yokomitsu's novel "Ryoshu". The arrival of Japanese expatriates continued at a trickle until the 1930s, when the onset of World War II brought it to a halt.
After World War II.
The post-war Japanese migrants to France largely continued to fit into the mold of highly educated individuals; they consisted of journalists, high officials, scholars, and professionals. 73.6% hold university degrees. The number of students, however, has decreased somewhat as compared to the years between World War I and World War II.
Culture.
Japanese expatriates in France largely possess mastery of the French language.
There are several Buddhist temples in France which serve the Japanese community. Most are affiliated with the Zen branch of Mahayana Buddhism.
Japanese in France generally "adapt to the French urban landscape", and for the most part avoid public expressions of ethnic identity which might emphasise their separateness from the French. However, elements of Japanese culture have also been added to the French landscape, notably in Paris, where sushi bars and Japanese restaurants are commonly found.
Inter-ethnic relations.
At the turn of the 20th century, the French idea of "Japonisme" initially played a large role in the French treatment of the Japanese expatriates in their midst: they were seen as representatives of an artistic but vacuous culture, exotic, self-absorbed, and non-political. However, Japan's increasing military aggression in Asia leading up to World War II shattered this image, and increased French suspicion of all Asians, including the Japanese.
Japanese in France in the 1990s and 2000s are considered almost "invisible", in contrast to the far more controversial stream of migrants from North Africa.
The French often feel hostility towards Japan as an economic competitor; however, this hostility does not show up in their treatment of Japanese residents of their country. Yatabe's 2001 survey found that 42.5% of Japanese in France feel the French have a favourable attitude towards them, 31.7% indifferent, and only 25.8% feel they are met with hostility. 42.0% of the French people he surveyed feel favourably towards international marriage with Japanese people, 29.1% indifferent, and 24.3% opposed; the number of those opposed is more than double that regarding intermarriage with Americans or people of any European nation, but below that regarding intermarriage with people of any other non-Western country, and notably less than half the number opposed to intermarriage with Algerians. In contrast, however, 52.4% of Japanese in France surveyed feel "unfavourable" or "highly unfavourable" towards the idea of intermarriage with French people.
Aggregated communities.
A little under half of the Japanese in France live in Paris, according to 1996 data from the Japanese embassy. The Japanese in Paris live in a variety of areas, with the largest concentrations in the 15th and 16th arrondissements. Unlike other communities of expatriates from Asia, such as the Chinese, social life for the Japanese tends to centre around their company, rather than their neighbourhood of residence. A number of Japanese businesses and restaurants are concentrated in the Opéra District; however, it is largely a commercial neighbourhood, and few Japanese actually live there. Increasingly, many of the restaurants in the area serving Japanese cuisine are run by immigrants from Cambodia, Thailand, or Vietnam, and target a French customer base.
Education.
"Institut Culturel Franco-Japonais – École Japonaise de Paris", a Japanese international school serving elementary and junior high school levels, is located in Montigny-le-Bretonneux. In addition there were two now-defunct Japanese boarding high schools in France, including the Lycée Seijo in Alsace, before its 2005 closure, and the Lycée Konan near Tours, before its 2013 closure.

</doc>
<doc id="20539731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539731" title="USCGC Chincoteague (WAVP-375)">
USCGC Chincoteague (WAVP-375)

USCGC "Chincoteague" (WAVP-375), later WHEC-375, was a "Casco"-class United States Coast Guard Cutter in service from 1949 to 1972.
Construction and U.S. Navy service.
"Chincoteague" began life as the United States Navy "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender USS "Chincoteague" (AVP-24). She was laid down on 23 July 1941 by Lake Washington Shipyard at Houghton, Washington,and was launched on 15 April 1942. She commissioned into the U.S. Navy on 12 April 1943. She operated in support of the New Guinea campaign and in the Central Pacific during World War II, including support of the Iwo Jima campaign, and operated at Okinawa and in China after the war. She was decommissioned on 21 December 1946.
Transferred to the United States Coast Guard.
"Barnegat"-class ships were very reliable and seaworthy and had good habitability, and the Coast Guard viewed them as ideal for ocean station duty, in which they would perform weather reporting and search and rescue tasks, once they were modified by having a balloon shelter added aft and having oceanographic equipment, an oceanographic winch, and a hydrographic winch installed.
The Navy loaned "Chincoteague" to the United States Coast Guard on March 1949. The Coast Guard commissioned her as USCGC "Chincoteague" (WAVP-375) the same day.
U.S. Coast Guard service.
"Chincoteague" was homeported in Norfolk, Virginia, throughout her Coast Guard career. Her primary duty was to serve on weather stations in the Atlantic Ocean to gather meteorological data. While on duty in one of these stations, she was required to patrol a 210-square-mile (544-square-kilometer) area for three weeks at a time, leaving the area only when physically relieved by another Coast Guard cutter or in the case of a dire emergency. While on station, she acted as an aircraft check point at the point of no return, a relay point for messages from ships and aircraft, as a source of the latest weather information for passing aircraft, as a floating oceanographic laboratory, and as a search-and-rescue ship for downed aircraft and vessels in distress, and engaged in law enforcement operations.
In December 1955, "Chincoteague" took the disabled merchant ship "Canadian Observer" under tow to keep her from going aground off the south coast of Newfoundland in Canada.
On 30 October 1956, "Chincoteague" rescued 33 crewmen from the West German merchant ship "Helga Bolten" in the North Atlantic by using two inflatable lifeboats during heavy seas. She then stood by distressed vessels for seven days until they could be towed to the Azores by commercial tug.
On 1 May 1966, "Chincoteague" was reclassified as a high endurance cutter and redesignated WHEC-375. On 26 September 1966 her long-term long from the Navy to the Coast Guard came to an end when the Navy transferred her outright to the Coast Guard.
"Chincoteague" took the disabled merchant ship "Kenyon Victory" under tow south of San Salvador Island in the Bahamas on 5 October 1969 until relieved of the tow by a commercial tug.
Decommissioning and transfer to South Vietnam.
In April 1972, "Chincoteague" and two of her sister ships, Coast Guard cutters USCGC "Absecon" (WHEC-374) and USCGC "McCulloch" (WHEC-386), were deployed as Coast Guard Squadron Two, with crews composed mainly of members of the United States Coast Guard Reserve. They were originally scheduled to sail to Subic Bay in the Philippine Islands, but were diverted to the U.S. Navy base at Apra Harbor, Guam. Eventually the three cutters were decommissioned, transferred to the U.S. Navy, and then transferred to South Vietnam. For "Chincoteague", all three of these events occurred on 21 June 1972.
Foreign service.
Republic of Vietnam Navy service.
South Vietnam commissioned the ship into the South Vietnamese Navy as patrol vessel RVNS "Ly Thuong Kiet " (HQ-16). When the South Vietnamese government collapsed at the end of the Vietnam War in April 1975, "Ly Thuong Kiet" fled to the Philippines. On 22 May 1975 and 23 May 1975, a U.S. Coast Guard team inspected "Ly Thuong Kiet" and several other former "Casco"-class cutters which had been transferred to South Vietnam in 1971 and 1972 and, like "Ly Thuong Kiet", fled to the Philippines in April 1975. One of the inspectors noted: "These vessels brought in several hundred refugees and are generally rat-infested. They are in a filthy, deplorable condition. Below decks generally would compare with a garbage scow."
Philippine Navy service.
After "Ly Thuong Kiet" was cleaned, repaired, and made ready to return to service, the U.S. Navy transferred her on 6 April 1976 to the Republic of the Philippines, which commissioned her into the Philippine Navy as patrol vessel BRP "Andres Bonifacio" (PF-7). The Philippine Navy decommissioned her in June 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20539732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539732" title="Paul Goerg">
Paul Goerg

Paul Goerg is a Champagne producer based in the Vertus region of Champagne. The co-operative, founded in 1950, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee" as well as a "blanc de blancs" Chardonnay Champagne. 

</doc>
<doc id="20539739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539739" title="Cudgewa railway line">
Cudgewa railway line

The Cudgewa Line is a closed railway line in the north-east of Victoria, Australia. Branching off the main North East railway at Wodonga it ran east to a final terminus at Cudgewa. Most of the line is now the High Country Rail Trail.
History.
The line was progressively opened between 1889 and 1921. In 1919, the line was used to carry materials for the construction of Hume Weir, and three years later a spur line connecting Ebden to the weir was opened.
Part of the line was converted to dual gauge in 1944 to serve freight depots around Bandiana. In the early 1950s, the volume of Hume Reservoir was increased, with the railway around Tallangatta relocated to avoid the rising waters. Later in the 1960s, Cudgewa became the railhead of materials for the Snowy Mountains Scheme. The line had 1 in 30 grades, with 'flat top' T class T413 becoming the regular diesel locomotive on the line after purchase in 1967, as it was the only locomotive of the class with dynamic brakes.
The last passenger service from Wodonga to Tallangatta ran on 30 September 1961 with a 102hp Walker railmotor. On 21 April 1978, the last regular goods train ran, with closure of the line in 1981, except for the short section to Bandiana. Since 1995, it has been standard gauge track only. The Wodonga-Bandiana section closed on 1 September 2009 as part of the Wodonga Rail Bypass project. The line has now been partly converted into the High Country Rail Trail.
Stations.
Cudgewa Railway Station
Wabba Railway Station
Beetomba Railway Station
Shelley Railway Station
Koetong
Darbyshire
Bullioh
Tallangatta
Tatonga
Bolga
Huon
Ebden
Bonegilla
Bandiana
Wodonga: CBD Station

</doc>
<doc id="20539752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539752" title="Lisa Kim">
Lisa Kim

Elizabeth Lee Kim-Lohmann (born May 1962), known professionally as Lisa Kim, is a former television news anchor for an NBC-affiliated station in the San Francisco Bay Area and a former news anchor for MSNBC.
Early life and education.
A native of Rockville, Maryland, Kim earned a bachelor's degree in 1984 and a master's degree in 1985 from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University.
Professional career.
Kim began her broadcast journalism career in Santa Barbara, California. She joined KGTV-TV in San Diego in 1986, staying there for more than eight years.
In January 1995, Kim joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as a general assignment reporter and a morning news cut-ins anchor. Kim had worked at WBBM-TV as a desk assistant while in journalism school.
In mid-1996, Kim resigned from WBBM to join MSNBC as an anchor and host.
Kim left MSNBC in 1999 to join KNTV in San Jose. She announced on December 9, 2010, on the 5:00 evening news that she would be leaving KNTV in San Jose.
Personal.
Kim is married to Watson M. Lohmann, Jr. and has two children. She lives in Menlo Park, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20539757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539757" title="Charles Heidsieck (Champagne)">
Charles Heidsieck (Champagne)

Charles Heidsieck is a champagne producer based in the Reims region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1851 by the French champagne maker Charles Heidsieck, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee".
History.
The Heidsieck name rings throughout Champagne for the first time thanks to the drive of Florens Louis, son of a Lutheran Pasteur from Westphalia. He founds the Maison Heidsieck & Cie in 1785.  His nephew, Charles-Henri, has decided to join his uncle. Raised in the Lutheran religion, he has himself naturalized as a French citizen, marries a young Catholic woman from Reims and even has converted to Catholicism himself. Charles-Henri then turns to the wine and cloth trade of his in-laws, the Henriot family.
Charles-Camille Heidsieck is born in 1822 into a family where eminent Reims traditions reign side by side with Prussian rigour. In 1851, at age 29, he founds a Maison designed in his image and creates a wine to reflect his personality. The wine bears his first name. Charles’ reputation quickly spreads around the cosmopolitan world.
Then, Charles decides to take his champagnes around the world. He makes an initial foray to Belgium and England to promote his new brand and to set up representatives.
In 1852, he leaves for the United States because he sees an opportunity to go where nobody has been before. He is the very first champagne merchant to make the journey.
The Universal Exhibitions provide him with a perfect springboard. In 1859, the Bordeaux universal exhibition awards him a gold medal which glimmers on labels of bottles served at royal tables throughout Europe.
In 1862, Charles-Camille Heidsieck decides not to buy land but invests in cellars dating from the 2nd century, a labyrinth of underground galleries with ideal hygrometric conditions foraging his wines. Thus, he gives the importance of selecting, blending and ageing. For him, the vineyards will remain in the hands of growers and their expertise.
For a long period Charles Heidsieck has been owned by the Henriot group. In 1985, Charles Heidsieck became part of the Rémy Cointreau wine and spirits group,was sold in 2011 to EPI (Européenne de Participation Industrielle), a privately owned holding company of French luxury brands, presided by Christopher Descours.[2 .
Cécile Bonnefond is now the CEO of Charles Heidsieck.
Liens externes.
Official website of Charles Heidsieck: http://www.charlesheidsieck.com

</doc>
<doc id="20539761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539761" title="Ho Koh Chye">
Ho Koh Chye

Ho Koh Chye (November 5, 1942 – December 3, 2008) was a Malaysian Olympic Hockey goalie who died at a hospital in Kelana Jaya.
Ho represented the Malaysian hockey team in the Jakarta Asian Games in 1962, in Tokyo during the 1964 Olympics, Bangkok Asian Games in 1966 and the Olympic Games in Mexico in 1968.
Ho also coached the Malaysian squad to a fourth placing in the 1975 World Cup in Kuala Lumpur, the national hockey team’s best-ever result to date. Bangkok Asian Games in 1966 and the Olympic Games in Mexico in 1968. 
His last post before retiring in 1992 was International Preparation Division director. He had also served as the deputy contingent head to the Asian Games in Hiroshima in 1994. Ho was Malaysian Chef-de-Mission to the Beijing Olympics in August 2008.
Ho leaves behind wife Datin Lee Siew Chan, a son and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20539780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539780" title="Henriot (Champagne)">
Henriot (Champagne)

Henriot is a Champagne producer based in the Reims region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1808, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee". Henriot has been under family ownership since 1994 when Joseph Henriot left Veuve Cliquot to manage the estate.

</doc>
<doc id="20539789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539789" title="Kas Chanatar">
Kas Chanatar

Kas Chanatar is a valley located next to the city of Bhimber in Azad Kashmir near the border of the Pakistani Punjab and Jammu and Kashmir. On either sides of the valley, villages are scattered in evenly spread basis. The relatively low lying foothills of the Himalayan ranges have been carved out by local residents of the region for agricultural purposes to grow crops such as corn and wheat. Most of the villagers in this region rely on their home grown produce to survive. Most of the people living in this region only recently began receiving electricity and telephone lines. Television cables have also begun making their way across the valley within the last year.
Also known as Chanatar Kas, with a latitude of 32.98 (32° 58' 40 N) and a longitude of 74.09 (74° 5' 10 E), is a hydrographic (stream) located in the area / state of Azad Kashmir in Pakistan that is a part of Asia.
The location is situated 510 kilometers north east (48°) of the approximate center of Pakistan and 117 kilometers south east (133°) of the capital Islamabad.
A 10 square km area around Chanatar Kas has an approximate population of 342900 (0.003429 persons per square meter) and an average elevation of 390 meters above the sea.
Nearby: Bhimber (1.9 km west), Makahal (2.03 km south west), Khamb (2.08 km west), Potosial (2.14 km north), Dharian (2.39 km north west).
The animals located in this valley include Jackals, Wild Pigs, Eagles, Goats, Buffalos and Crows. Crops grown in the region include Corn and Wheat.
A stream flows between the valley during rainy season. The geographic location is as follows:
Chanatar Kas, Stream, 32.9777778, 74.0861111
A satellite image can be found at the following link:
http://www.satelliteviews.net/cgi-bin/w.cgi?c=pk&UF=6083821&UN=6093308&DG=STM
Mughal remains can be seen behind many of the villages that line up on the sides of the valley. Mughal Emperors used to rule over these lands over 200 years ago. Walls made by them using stones are the most significant remains seen in this area. 
Villages.
Villages that abide in this region include:
Caste.
There are 99% are Jatts which are livivg here from many years.
In 1% there are other castes which are mainly butt and Rajputt.
Importance.
This is also the way of Mughal Empiriors and they also have rest there . Mostly people use this way to go India

</doc>
<doc id="20539791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539791" title="Sara Wilford">
Sara Wilford

Sara Delano Roosevelt diBonaventura Wilford (born March 13, 1932) is the daughter of Betsey Cushing Roosevelt Whitney, a prominent philanthropist in medicine and art, and James Roosevelt, the oldest son of US President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Anna Eleanor Roosevelt. Wilford is the adopted daughter of John Hay Whitney.
Career.
Wilford is a member of the Sarah Lawrence College psychology faculty. She has been the director of the Art of Teaching graduate program in early childhood and childhood education at the college since 1985. Additionally, she was director of the college's Early Childhood Center for 21 years (1982–2003). The center, which was established in 1937 as a “laboratory school,” allows graduate and undergraduate students enrolled in child development and education courses to both study children ages 2–6 and to directly assist in their education. During her tenure, the Early Childhood Center added a class for 5- to 6-year-olds, and broadened financial aid available to the center's students’ families. 
Wilford teaches courses connecting child development principles to educational practice. She is a workshop leader for seminars and conferences on early childhood education and literacy development, and a member of Editorial Advisory Board for Child Magazine. She is the author of "Tough Topics: How to Use Books in Talking with Children About Life Issues and Problems" and "What you Need to Know When Your Child is Learning to Read".
Interest in early childhood education worldwide led her to the Schools of Reggio Emilia, Italy in 1993, and to the U.S./South Africa Joint Conference on Early Childhood Education in 1996. She has presented in a seminar sponsored by the Department of Early Childhood Education at the University of Athens, Greece, and took part in a literacy delegation to New Zealand and Australia in the summer of 2000. 
Wilford is featured in the Learning Child Series videos which were produced for public television under the guidance of experts from the Child Development Institute at Sarah Lawrence College. The Learning Child Series, designed to assist parents and educators in guiding children to become motivated and thoughtful learners, is about nurturing the whole child, recognizing that each child is unique and that every child's needs are different.
Wilford received an Outstanding Service Award from Westchester Community College in 1999. In 2009, she received a Champions for Children Leader of the Year Award, presented by the New York State Association for the Education of Young Children.
Personal.
Between 1953 and their 1972 divorce she was married to the classical pianist Anthony di Bonaventura and had five children to him. In 1973 she married Ronald A. Wilford.

</doc>
<doc id="20539815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539815" title="Champagne Mercier">
Champagne Mercier

Mercier is a Champagne producer based in the Épernay region of Champagne. The house, founded in 1858, produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvée". Mercier owned the original rights to the name Dom Pérignon but gave the brand to Moët et Chandon in 1927. Today the house is under the umbrella of the LVMH group and is the number one selling brand of Champagne in the domestic French market. 

</doc>
<doc id="20539822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539822" title="Les McClements">
Les McClements

Les McClements was an Australian rules footballer who played for Claremont in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) and in Tasmania with Clarence.
Although not the tallest going around, McClements played as a ruckman and was Claremont's 'Best and fairest' winner every year from 1946 to 1950. He was unlucky not to play in a premiership as his career began the year after Claremont's strongest era where they won three successive flags. McClements represented Western Australia at the 1947 Hobart Carnival, starring in their upset win over the VFL and sharing the Tassie Medal with Bob Furler of Canberra.
In Tasmania he was a good performer for Clarence, where he won two 'Best and fairest' awards and earned selection in the Tasmanian squad for the 1953 Adelaide Carnival. Three years earlier he had represented Western Australia at the Brisbane Carnival. When not playing football he worked as a truck driver for a hardware firm. He served with the 9th Division of the Australian Army during World War II, and was a member of an army football side that defeated an RAAF side in Adelaide in 1945.
His niece Lyn McClements is a gold-medal-winning Olympic swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="20539826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539826" title="United States presidential election in New Mexico, 2008">
United States presidential election in New Mexico, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 4, 2008 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 5 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
New Mexico was won by the Democratic nominee, Senator Barack Obama of Illinois, by a 15.13% margin of victory. Obama took 56.91% of the vote while his Republican opponent, Senator John McCain of Arizona, took 41.78%. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Obama would win, or otherwise considered as a safe blue state. Due to the extremely narrow margins of victory in the past two presidential elections, it started out as a swing state, but hypothetical general election match-up polls taken in the state continued to show a big lead for Democrat Barack Obama. Obama's leads in the polls in New Mexico increased so much that Republican presidential nominee John McCain did not campaign nearly as much in the Land of Enchantment as he did elsewhere, despite it neighboring his home state of Arizona. A large Hispanic and trending Democratic population put Barack Obama over the top.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
Obama won a majority of the pre-election polls taken in the state, including sweeping all them taken after September 14. The final 3 polls averaged the Democrat leading 55% to 43%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $1,016,376 in the state. Barack Obama raised $3,987,438.
Advertising and visits.
Obama and his interest groups spent $4,535,378. McCain and his interest groups spent $3,606,796. The Democrat ticket visited the state 5 times to the Republican's 8 times.
Analysis.
The key voting bloc in this state is Hispanics, which makes up a plurality of the state's total population with 45%. George W. Bush enjoyed good popularity with Hispanic voters and received over 40% of the Hispanic vote nationally in 2004. As a result, Bush had the ability to nip John Kerry by approximately 6,000 votes in New Mexico in 2004. In the previous election, New Mexico had been a very close swing state. Al Gore won the state by only 300 votes in 2000, which was even narrower than the controversial results in Florida. However, after the 2004 presidential election, support for Bush in the Hispanic community collapsed. During the 2008 election, New Mexico was regarded as an Obama-leaning state despite the fact that John McCain was from neighboring Arizona and held similar views on illegal immigration to those of Bush. Ultimately, McCain was only able to obtain 30% of the Hispanic vote.
The Republican base in New Mexico consists of the more rural southeastern part of the state which, while thinly populated, votes heavily Republican. Democrats are strongest in the state capital, Santa Fe and its close-in suburbs. The city of Albuquerque and the southwestern part of the state are also Democratic, but to a far lesser extent. On a larger context, Southern New Mexico is typically more Republican while Northern New Mexico is traditionally more Democratic, while Albuquerque and other areas in the center tend to swing both ways.
In 2008, Obama carried the state by a robust 15-point margin, largely by dominating the Albuquerque area. He won Bernalillo County, home to Albuquerque himself, by 21 points; Kerry had only won it by four points in 2004. While McCain dominated the southeastern part of the state, it was not nearly enough to overcome Obama's edge in the Albuquerque area.
During the same election, former Democratic U.S. Representative Tom Udall, who had represented New Mexico's 3rd Congressional District in the U.S. House of Representatives, defeated former Republican U.S. Representative Steve Pearce, who had represented New Mexico's 2nd congressional district, for an open U.S. Senate seat that was vacated by Republican Pete Domenici once it was discovered that he had brain cancer. Former Republican U.S. Representative Heather Wilson, who represented New Mexico's 1st Congressional District, vacated her seat to challenge Pearce in the GOP senatorial primary only to inevitably lose the nomination to him. As a result, all three of New Mexico's U.S. House seats were up for grabs, and Democrats captured all three of them. At the state level, Democrats increased their majorities in both house of the New Mexico Legislature, picking up three seats in both the New Mexico House of Representatives and New Mexico Senate.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
Barack Obama carried two of the state’s three congressional districts in New Mexico, while John McCain just narrowly carried the other congressional district that simultaneously elected a Democrat to the U.S. House of Representatives.
Electors.
Technically the voters of New Mexico cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. New Mexico is allocated five electors because it has three congressional districts and two senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of five electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all five electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols.
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All five were pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20539837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539837" title="Pygmalion Music Festival">
Pygmalion Music Festival

Pygmalion Music Festival is a multi-day music festival named for the Slowdive album of the same name, which takes place in Champaign-Urbana, Illinois, United States every September. Shows run concurrently at multiple venues, in the style of SXSW. Local bands are showcased along with national touring acts such as Of Montreal, Man Man, Yo La Tengo, Andrew Bird, Wavves, Black Mountain, Iron & Wine, Dan Deacon, and Okkervil River. It has expanded in scope each year since its inception, and received coverage on sites such as Pitchfork Media, Daytrotter, and Tiny Mix Tapes.
2005.
In its inaugural year, Pygmalion Music Festival took place from September 28-October 1 at Canopy Club, Cowboy Monkey, The Highdive, Illini Union Courtyard Cafe, The Iron Post, and Mike & Molly's.
Lineup 
The Like Young, The City on Film, Owen, Mates of State, Ida, Saturday Looks Good to Me, Maserati, Headlights, The M's, Catfish Haven, Chin Up Chin Up, The Appleseed Cast, Mike Ingram, Bailey, Elanors, The Chemicals, The Living Blue, Tractor Kings, Low Skies, The Invisible, Emotional Rec Club, Green Light Go, Unique Chique, fireflies, Al*iteration, MC Harsh, Agent Mos, Ro Knew, Elsinore, The Championship, Triple Whip, Lorenzo Goetz, Pulsar47, Ambitious Pie Party, Angie Heaton, Megan Johns, Lynn O'Brien, Kate Hathaway, Troubled Hubble, Apollo Project, The Winter Blanket, The Beauty Shop, JigGsaw, Mike Downey, Ear Doctor, Thollem McDonas, Jason Finkelman's Nu-Orbit Ensemble
2006.
The 2006 Pygmalion Music festival ran from September 20–23rd at the Canopy Club, Cowboy Monkey, The Highdive, The Iron Post, Krannert Center, and Mike & Molly's.
Lineup 
Elf Power, Murder By Death, Margot & the Nuclear So and So's, Danielson, David Bazan, Man Man, The Life and Times, Of Montreal, Headlights, Owen, Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin, Unwed Sailor, Salaryman, Cory Chisel and The Wandering Sons, Geoff Reacher, Mad Science Fair, Dress Code, Shipwreck, Low Skies, Metal Hearts, Scurvine, Triple Whip, Ghost in Light, Exit Clov, Coco Coca, Darrin Drda, Canada, The Living Blue, Watery Domestic, The Beauty Shop, Brighton MA, Caleb Engstrom, New Ruins, Howling Hex, Elsinore, Gentleman Auction House, Darling Disarm, The City on Film, The Reputation, Monte Carlos, fireflies, Bailey, Lorenzo Goetz, Probably Vampires, Weird Weeds, Pulsar47, Tractor Kings, Rusty Pipes, Bellcaster, Elanors, Judah Johnson, Ellestel
2007.
The 2007 Pygmalion Music festival ran from September 19–22nd at the Canopy Club, Cowboy Monkey, The Highdive, Illini Union Courtyard Cafe, Krannert Center, Mike & Molly's, and Soma Ultralounge.
Lineup (headliners in bold) 
Andrew Bird, Okkervil River, Questlove (DJ set), Casiotone for the Painfully Alone, Owen, Catfish Haven, Margot & the Nuclear So and So's, Maserati, Dianogah, Denison Witmer, Headlights, Shapes and Sizes, Sybris, Liz Janes, The Foundry Field Recordings, Angie Heaton, Awesome Car Funmaker, Baby Teeth, Bound Stems, Caleb Engstrom, Canada, Casados, Coco Coca, Cory Chisel and the Wandering Sons, Damien Jurado, Dark Meat, Darling Disarm, Death Ships, Dignan, Early Day Miners, Elsinore, Hypno-Music-Corp, Inspector Owl, Jane Boxall, Jumbling Towers, Hathaways, Kristov's Agenda, Krukid, Larry Gates, Le Loup, Lucky Mullholland, Lynn O'Brien, Marla Hansen, Mit'n, Ms. Led, New Ruins, Noah Harris, Oceans, Odawas, Probably Vampires, Pulsar47, Robots Counterfeiting Money, Roses and Sake, Royal Electric, Ryan Groff, Sangamon, Shipwreck, Skybox, Terminus Victor, The Beauty Shop, The Chemicals, The Living Blue, Tractor Kings, This is Me Smiling, Triple Whip, Tunnels, Two Girls, Unwed Sailor, Via Audio, Wax on Radio, Yeasayer
2008.
The 2008 Pygmalion Music festival ran from September 17–20 at Blues BBQ, Canopy Club, Exile on Main St., Illini Union Courtyard Cafe, Jennifer North, Krannert Art Museum, Krannert Center, Mike & Molly's, and Red Herring.
Lineup (headliners in bold) 
Yo La Tengo, Black Mountain, Dan Deacon, High Places, Times New Viking, Asobi Seksu, Thao with the Get Down Stay Down, Headlights, The Hood Internet, Centaur, Dark Meat, Evangelicals, Jesse Sykes and the Sweet Hereafter, Titus Andronicus, Decibully, The M's, Murder By Death, Owen, Oxford Collapse, Pattern is Movement, Grampall Jookabox, Monotonix, Catfish Haven, PWRFL Power, Agent Mos, Angie Heaton, Animate Objects, Atlatl, Beaujolais, Brian Esmao, The Brother Whys, Butterfly Assassins, Caleb Engstrom, Carl Hauck, Casados, Checkerboard Stalemate, Coco Coca, Common Loon, Dr Manhattan, Elsinore, Eureka Sky, Everthus the Deadbeats, Final Pygmalion Effect, The Forms, The Foundry Field Recordings, Gentleman Auction House, Girls Next Door, Good Night and Good Morning, Hathaways, Jared Bartman, Jonathon Childers, Kid You'll Move Mountains, Krukid, The Living Blue, Loaded, The Lonelyhearts, Lucky Mulholland, Michael Kammin, Mute Era, New Ruins, The Number One Sons, Oceans, Peter Piek, Pontiak, Post-Historic, Robots Counterfeiting Money, Rod & Martha Stewart, The Ruckus, Sangamon, Santa, Snowsera, Sunset Stallion, Tall Tale, Tractor Kings, Treologic, Underpaid Packy, World's First Flying Machine, Wye Oak, Zmick
2009.
The 2009 Pygmalion Music Festival ran from September 16–19 at Bentley's Pub, Blues BBQ, Canopy Club, Channing-Murray Foundation, Cowboy Monkey, The Highdive, Krannert Art Museum, Krannert Center, Mike & Molly's, Parasol Records Store, Red Herring, and Sandella's. Two of the four members of local legends Hum performed (Tim Lasher with Alpha Mile and Jeff Dimpsey with Gazelle).
Lineup (headliners in bold) 
Iron & Wine, Lucero, RJD2, Ra Ra Riot, Wavves, Low, The Books, Headlights, The Antlers, Autolux, YACHT, Japandroids, Margot & the Nuclear So and So's, Maps & Atlases, Owen, Maserati, The Hood Internet, BLK JKS, My Brightest Diamond, The 1900s, Starfucker, The Life and Times, Mt. St. Helens Vietnam Band, Bob Nanna, William Fitzsimmons, Skream, Gazelle, Denison Witmer, Company of Thieves, Joe Pug, Pomegranates, Decibully, Jookabox, Brooke Waggoner, The Horse's Ha, So Many Dynamos, Alpha Mile, DJ Belly, Brighton, MA, Butterfly Assassins, Cameron McGill, Common Loon, DJ CZO, The Curses, The Daredevil Christopher Wright, Deelay Ceelay, Drew Danburry, Duke of Uke, Early Day Miners, Elsinore, Empires, DJ Famicom, Final Pygmalion Effect, Ganglians, Gentleman Auction House, Girls Next Door, Golden Quality, Good Night and Good Morning, Hathaways, The Horns of Happiness, JigGsaw, The Jips, Kilroy, et al., DJ Kosmo, Liesel Booth, Light Pollution, Liz Janes, Lonely Trailer, DJ Lucknow, Lymbyc Systym, Marmoset, Mason Proper, Matt Wagemann, Mazes, DJ Mertz, Mordechai in the Mirror, Morgan Orion and the Constellations, My Dear Alan Andrews, Neoga Blacksmith, New Ruins, Now, Now Every Children, The Number One Sons, Oceans, Ohtis, On Again Off Again, Pamela Machala, Peninsula, Phantogram, Porno Galactica, Princeton, Post Historic, Ryan Groff, Santa, Scurvine, So Long Forgotten, Stan McConnell, SteelEater, Sunset Stallion, Tina Sparkle, Take Care, Tracey and Tricia, Tyson & the Friction, Village, World's First Flying Machine, Withershins, You & Yourn, Zach May & the Maps
2010.
The 2010 Pygmalion Music Festival will run from September 22–25.
Lineup (headliners in bold) 
of Montreal, Built to Spill, Roky Erickson with Okkervil River, Caribou, Ted Leo and the Pharmacists, Janelle Monáe, Cut Chemist, Cap'n Jazz, Surfer Blood, Plastician, Holy Fuck, +/-, Those Darlins, Fang Island, Cults, Owen, Colour Revolt, David Dondero, Candy Claws, Turbo Fruits, Light Pollution, All the Day Holiday, Arkansas Dogjaw, Butterfly Bones, Common Loon, Community College, Darren Hanlon, Deathtram, Dirty Feathers, DJ Belly, DJ Mertz, Drink Up Buttercup, The Duke of Uke and His Novelty Orchestra, Famicom, Elsinore, Grandkids, Jared Bartman, Jimmy Gnecco, Lookbook, New Ruins, Phaded, The Poison Control Center, Pomegranates, Revolt Revolt, Santah, So Long Forgotten, Take Care, Unwed Sailor, The Viper and His Famous Orchestra, Why I Like Robins, Withershins, World's First Flying Machine
2011.
The 2011 Pygmalion Music Festival will run from September 21–25.
Lineup (headliners in bold) 
Explosions in the Sky, Cut Copy, Braid, MiM0sa, Gang Gang Dance, The Pains of Being Pure at Heart, Washed Out, Toro Y Moi, The Dodos, Deerhoof, Japandroids, Xiu Xiu, The Hood Internet, Starfucker, Viva Voce, Asobi Seksu, Owen, Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin, Jessica Lea Mayfield, Unknown Mortal Orchestra, Bear Hands, Youth Lagoon, Bass Drum of Death, The Luyas, The Parson Red Heads, Midnight Magic, Gardens & Villa, Ivan & Alyosha, Mansions on the Moon, NewVillager, Grave Babies, Adam Arcuragi, Allen Strong, Ava Luna, Bachelorette, Big Troubles, DJ Britche$, The Capstan Shafts, Common Loon, D-Roka, Evil Tents, Take Care, Withershins, Death Tram.
2012.
The 2012 Pygmalion Music Festival will run from September 27–29.
Lineup (headliners in bold) 
Grizzly Bear, Dirty Projectors, Dinosaur Jr., Hum, Best Coast, Cloud Nothings, Tennis, Willis Earl Beal, Eternal Summers, Julia Holter, Frankie Rose, Lætitia Sadier, Hundred Waters, Owen, Hospitality, Lord Huron, Night Beds, Craft Spells, Big Freedia, Oh No Oh My, Zeus, My Jerusalem, Psychic Twin, An Evening With Your Mother, Anna Kerina/Anna Karenina, DJ Belly, Broken Light, Cody & the Gateway Drugs, Common Loon, The Curses, DeathTram, The Dirty Feathers, Elsinore, Evil Tents, Grandkids, Hank, Jared Bartman, Megan Johns, DJ Mertz, Midstress, My Werewolf Diary, New Ruins, Pamela Machala, DJ Randall Ellison, Santah, Mille Nomi, Sun Stereo, Take Care, That's No Moon, Withershins, Year of the Bobcat
2013.
The 2013 Pygmalion Music Festival will run from September 26–28.
Lineup (headliners in bold)
Major Lazer, The Breeders, The Head and the Heart, Dawes, Youth Lagoon, Warpaint, Daughter, METZ, Damien Jurado, Kishi Bashi, Psychic Twin, Jenny Hval, Murder By Death, Caveman, K.Flay, Saturday Looks Good To Me, On an On, Nat Baldwin, Common Loon, Détective, The Dirty Feathers, Elsinore, Grandkids, Justin Walter, The Struggle, Barrowe, Sun Stereo, Mille Nomi, Hank.

</doc>
<doc id="20539839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539839" title="Emily Wilder Leavitt">
Emily Wilder Leavitt

Emily Wilder Leavitt (1836–1921) of Boston, Massachusetts, who doubled as an historian and professional genealogist, was one of the first female members of the New England Historic Genealogical Society. Daughter of an acting mayor of Boston, Miss Leavitt managed to make a living writing the histories of early New England families, compelling her to scour the region's early records.
Emily Wilder Leavitt authored genealogies of many of New England's earliest families, including the Butlers, the Hamiltons (of North Yarmouth), the Blairs, the Dearings, the Starkeys, the Bogmans, the Bethunes, the Conants, the Warrens, the Cranes (of Milton, Massachusetts), the Moreys, the Brainerds (of Connecticut), the Palmers, Putnams, Faneuils, the Morses and many others.
Leavitt was born to an old New England family, the descendant of Thomas Leavitt, a farmer who initially settled at Exeter, New Hampshire, before moving on to Hampton, New Hampshire, where his descendants lived for generations. Miss Leavitt, who never married, was the daughter of Benson Leavitt, briefly acting mayor of Boston in 1845. Emily was born December 26, 1836, in Boston, where her father and mother, the former Abigail Ward, had settled.
In an era when women were largely barred from academia and the history profession, Leavitt was one of a number of women historians who turned to genealogy as a way of making a living — as well as indulging their passion for history. In the case of the Morse family, for instance, whose history Emily Leavitt helped Morse descendant J. Howard Morse write, the Boston genealogist had no Morse ancestors herself, but pocketed a paycheck and provided guidance as an experienced researcher.
By the time the extensive Morse family genealogies were published in the late nineteenth century, during an explosion of interest by New Englanders in their ancestry, Leavitt was 67 years old and had authored or contributed to the history of many New England families. Leavitt frequently wrote her deep-pocketed employers from the confines of the New England Historic Genealogical Society, the nation's oldest, and the stationery on which she sent out her status reports bore the estimable Society's letterhead.
In the case of the Blair family, Leavitt wrote her history of the clan at the behest of Chicago businessman William McCormick Blair, founder of investment bankers William Blair & Company. Often these male potentates unwittingly acted as patrons for women researchers unable to gain admission to academia, but boasting innate curiosity and, in many cases, minds well-honed on historical research.
A current search on Google, for instance — which would have left professional genealogists like Emily Leavitt dumbstruck — reveals volumes of research, much of which has withstood decades of scrutiny, attributed to women who turned to genealogy — dismissed by historians for years as a backwater — to indulge their love of history while still making a living. Many early family histories bore the hallmark 'privately printed' — read: vanity press — and extolled on their title pages a prestigious line of descent, preferably from a Puritan pillar like Governor John Winthrop, or some other New England potentate.
Typical of such volumes was that of the Palmer family, carrying the title "John Melvin of Charlestown and Concord, Massachusetts, and His Descendants: Gathered and arranged for Mr. Lowell Mason Palmer by Miss Emily Wilder Leavitt". The tome was privately printed in Boston.
Sometimes researchers like Leavitt were obliged, especially if working outside their area of expertise, to run advertisements trolling for tidbits on the families they were paid to extol. In 1894, for instance, Emily Leavitt advertised in the "Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography" requesting specifics about the Abrams and Jones families who, according to Leavitt, "are supposed to have settled on the Welsh Tract near Radnor and Merion."
Even in those areas researchers knew best, they were often compelled to chum the genealogical magazines for clues to their clients' ancestry. In "The Dedham Historical Register", published by the Dedham (Massachusetts) Historical Society, for example, Emily Wilder Leavitt ran this blurb in the 1892 issue under the heading of 'Queries': "What were the names of the parents of Hannah Baker, who married Elias Harding of Medway, Massachusetts? The marriage is recorded in the Town Records of Walpole, Mass., in 1795, while the Richard Baker genealogy gives the marriage of Hannah, daughter of Eleazer Baker of Walpole, to Amos Harding in 1785?"
Researchers like Leavitt occasionally felt compelled to braid their clients' ancestry with that of illustrious families, or to dispel family myths about poverty or bastardy, or to simply allow descendants to discern their origins. Genealogists like Leavitt balanced on the knife-edge of massaging their client's vanity while simultaneously hewing to historical verisimilitude. (It often took decades to discern whether they succeeded.)
Occasionally the efforts of these largely female genealogists were accorded mention by the national historical societies, which usually passed judgment only on the efforts of their scholarly male counterparts. Yet most work done by these early 'genealogists' was eerily similar to that done by their male 'historian' counterparts — including close examination of primary sources. 
In "Winchester Notes", for example, writer (and client) Fanny Winchester Hopkins noted that her researcher Leavitt had "examined church records, Maine wills, York deeds, etc.", to shed light on whether Winchester's ancestor "John Skillings (Thomas1) did not die until 1712-1714; that he removed with his family to Piscataqua; and that he may have gone to Portsmouth; that his widow and children went to Portsmouth; that his son Samuel returned to Falmouth; his son Josiah went to Kittery and died there; and that John and Elizabeth of Portsmouth, afterwards of Boston, in 1726, can readily have been the John, born in 1675-81, and so the father of John, Simeon and others of New North Church Records of Boston." 
The methods of ascertaining answers to such questions were not far removed from those of historians like David McCullough — even if the detectives doing the work were dubbed 'genealogists.'
Emily Wilder Leavitt died November 2, 1921, in Boston. For much of her life she lived at 10 Joy Street on Boston's Beacon Hill. She was one of the first female members of the New England Historic Genealogical Society, to which she was admitted at age 62 in 1898, the first year the Society allowed women members.

</doc>
<doc id="20539842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539842" title="Humanist Party India">
Humanist Party India

The Humanist Party of India is a progressive party based on the principles of New or Universalist Humanism. 
These principles can be summarised as:
Putting the value of all human life as the central value and concern, higher than money or institutions.
Promoting non-violence as the only way to achieve results
Fighting discrimination in all its forms; racism, sexism, ageism, homophobia, etc.
Encouraging the continuous development and free distribution of human knowledge.
Freedom of beliefs and ideas
Manifesto.
History.
The idea of the Humanist Party as a political party was launched on March 8, 1984, as a recommendation from the Department of Social Affairs of The Community for Human Development. Around the world many Humanist Parties started to emerge and on January 4, 1989, in Florence, Italy, the first congress of the Humanist International was held.
In this event, the foundational documents were adopted, including the Declaration of Principles, The Thesis, Foundations for political action and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In December 1990, in Chile, Laura Rodríguez became the first elected representative of any Humanist Party in the world after winning a seat as part of the "Concertación" coalition, after Augusto Pinochet handed over power.
In October 1993, the second congress of the Humanist International was held in Moscow, Russia, whereupon the Document of the Humanist Movement was also incorporated as a foundational document. This document had previously been circulating as chapter six of the Book "Letters to my friends".
In 1999, regional coordination bodies of Humanist Parties were formed in South America and Europe. The regional bodies of Africa and Asia are expected to be formed in 2006.
In addition to the Humanist Party, the Community for Human Development later recommended also the formation of a party based on a New Humanist approach to Ecology. The subsequent formation of a party called The Greens, caused much confusion in Europe where both The Greens and the Green Party were sometimes fighting elections against one another. This led to a great deal of bad feeling from the Green Party (see the section below on conflict with other organisations). Eventually, the Environmental policies of the Greens were incorporated within the Humanist Party which resulted in their merger.
The official documents of the Humanist Party can be found in the "Book of the Humanist International".

</doc>
<doc id="20539843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539843" title="USCGC Chincoteague">
USCGC Chincoteague

USCGC "Chincoteague" has been the name of more than one United States Coast Guard ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20539849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539849" title="Bruno Paillard">
Bruno Paillard

Bruno Paillard is a Champagne producer based in Reims in the Champagne region. The eponymously named house was founded in 1981 by Bruno Paillard (born 1953), after he had worked as a broker in the region since 1975. The first own vineyards were bought in 1994, and the house's own supplies around one-third of the total grape need for the annual production of around 500,000 bottles.
The house produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvées". 

</doc>
<doc id="20539879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539879" title="Mengho Fakir Shar">
Mengho Fakir Shar

Mengho Fakir Shar مینگھو فقیر شر is a village of District Khairpur, Pakistan. The village is named after poet Hazrat Mengho Fakir Shar, who was the son of poet Hazrat Ghulam Hyder Godrya Fakir.
The village of Mengho Fakir Shar مینگھو فقیر شر is located at a distance of 60 km south of district headquarters Khaipur, and approximately 400 km north of Karachi. This village has almost 500 houses and a population of between 1800 and 2000 people with top of literacy rate in male and female.

</doc>
<doc id="20539882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539882" title="Perrier-Jouët">
Perrier-Jouët

Perrier-Jouët is a Champagne producer based in the Épernay region of Champagne. The house was founded in 1811 by Pierre-Nicolas-Marie Perrier-Jouët, and produces both vintage and non-vintage "cuvee", approximately 3,000,000 bottles annually, with its prestige label named Belle Epoque. Perrier-Jouët owns 266 acres of vineyards in the Champagne region. Today the house is under the Pernod Ricard umbrella of brands.
One of the three bottles of the world's oldest champagne, a Perrier-Jouët (vintage 1825) was opened and tasted in 2009.
The correct pronunciation of the label is : the two dots on the "e" of "Jouet" mean that the next letter "t" should be pronounced (but softly, like "wet").

</doc>
<doc id="20539891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539891" title="Digital Liberty Coalition">
Digital Liberty Coalition

The Digital Liberty Coalition (DLC) is an Australian nonprofit organisation that emerged from the public backlash against the Australian government's plans to implement compulsory ISP-level filtering of internet content ("cf". proposed compulsory filtering scheme). It consists of various grassroots movements and held its first national rally on November 1, 2008, in several Australian state capitals.
According to its website, the Digital Liberty Coalition seeks to promote free speech online, and to challenge the constitutional validity of legislative infringements on civil liberties.

</doc>
<doc id="20539920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539920" title="Thiénot">
Thiénot

Champagne Thiénot is a Champagne house founded in 1985 and based in Taissy, near from Reims. It is part of the Alain Thiénot Group, owner of different brands such as Canard-Duchêne, Joseph Perrier and Marie Stuart.
Vineyards.
Vineyards spanning 27 hectares, of which half are classified as Grand Cru and Premier Cru:

</doc>
<doc id="20539929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539929" title="Australia vs New Zealand in rugby league">
Australia vs New Zealand in rugby league

Australia vs New Zealand in rugby league is a rivalry between the Australian Kangaroos and the New Zealand Kiwis in the sport of rugby league. The first match between the two sides was in 1908, with New Zealand running out 11–10 winners.
In 2003 the New Zealand Rugby League recorded the Kiwis' 100th international against Australia. However the Australian Rugby League did not, as they exclude World Cup and Super League Tests from their records.
The most recent clash was the opening match of the 2011 Rugby League Four Nations, Warrington, England on 28 October. Australia beat New Zealand 26-12. The two teams will next meet in the tournament's grand final on 19 November if, in fact, New Zealand qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="20539957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539957" title="The Devilrock Four">
The Devilrock Four

The Devilrock Four are an Australian rock band formed in Melbourne in 2003.
History.
After forming in 2003, The Devilrock Four quickly started playing the local pubs in Melbourne. In 2004 they released their first self-titled EP. They were voted most outstanding band at the Duke of Windsor Hotel and band of the year at The Green Room. Premier Artists signed them to their agency and Shock Records distributed their second EP, "Livin' This Low". The band was signed to Zatzit Records in 2006. In mid-2006 they entered Melbourne's famous recording studio Sing Sing to record their debut full length album "First in Line" with engineer Matt Voigt (Kiss with Melbourne Symphony Orchestra).
In 2008, the album's first single "Don't Throw It Away" was used in advertising for Channel 10's coverage of the Australian Football League. Other television spots include Channel 9's "Canal Road", Channel 10's "Big Brother" and "Guerrilla Gardeners".
In Mid 2008 The Devilrock Four toured Europe for the first time. Playing 15 shows throughout The UK and Spain. After the tour, they Signed to German label Unconform Records and Indevent Management.
Future Album.
A new album entitled 'Night is Falling" is set for release in October 2012 on High Kick Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20539958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539958" title="Pah Homestead">
Pah Homestead

The Pah Homestead is a historic stately home located in the Auckland suburb of Hillsborough in New Zealand. It was restored by the Auckland Council, which owns it, as part of its plans to develop the surrounding Monte Cecilia Park into a premier park for the city.
History.
The homestead was built between 1877 and 1879 as Auckland businessman James Williamson's "gentleman's residence" by Thomas Mahoney, and was one of the largest and finest homes in Auckland at that time. Of plastered brick in the Italianate style it is based upon Queen Victoria & Prince Albert's "Osborne House" in the Isle of Wight. The tree-lined drive to Pah Road remains largely intact, although parts of it now run through private properties adjoining the proposed park. The grounds include some of the finest exotic trees in Auckland, and there are views to the Manukau Harbour and to One Tree Hill.
The original property was purchased from Māori by early Auckland settler and land dealer William Hart in 1843. It was sold to Thomas Russell in 1870, before James Williamson purchased it and built The Pah as a private home. The hill where the house was built had all the appearances of being the site of a Māori fortified Hill Pā. The prospect of building his family residence on such a site apparently appealed to Williamson resulting in the choice of the name The Pah. Subsequent investigations of the site have shown that what appeared to be the remains of human modification of the hill; terraces, storage pits and fortified bulwarks, are in fact natural features, and that Māori had never occupied the site. 
The homestead itself remains largely as it was built, with almost all of its original door and window joinery, elaborate ceiling roses, parquet floors and marble fireplaces intact. It is better known today as the Monte Cecilia House and at various times has served as an orphanage, a novitiate house and boarding school.
Williamson had dreamed of creating a family dynasty with this estate as its symbol, however following the stock market crash in 1886 Williamson was forced to sell this property which was subsequently divided up for development. The Farm Managers house, was built in a similar style. This two storied neo-classical masonry house stands in nearby Warren Avenue separated from the main house by the many houses of the area. The area maintains part of its original farmland image as large tracts of land were purchased by various institutions; several Roman Catholic schools, the Church of the Latter Day Saints, and the Masonic Retirement Village.
After Williamson's death in 1888, the lavish establishment was taken over by the Bank of New Zealand and leased to the Anglican church, and was purchased by the Sisters of Mercy in 1913. More recently, Monte Cecilia House was used as a temporary residence for the homeless and new immigrants, but this operation has been relocated to new premises in Mangere.
On 1 September 1983, the building was registered by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust as a Category I heritage structure, with reference number 89.
In September 2002 Pah Homestead was purchased by the Auckland City Council as part of council plans to develop the surrounding estate into a premier park for the city, Monte Cecilia Park. The council developed a heritage conservation plan, an archaeological and geophysical assessment and a cultural heritage overview for Whataroa Pa. A landscape history and tree assessment were produced to help better understand the Māori and European heritage of the site.
Restoration.
The council upgraded the Pah Homestead roof as part of its commitment to protecting and preserving heritage buildings in Auckland city. The restoration involved weatherproofing, reinforcing the structure of the roof and some seismic upgrading. The council selected materials matching the original roof like English slate tiles and rolled lead.
Auckland City worked with other groups and organisations like New Zealand Historic Places Trust and specialist heritage architects Matthews & Matthews Architects Ltd. to ensure the renovation is of a high standard. These works were undertaken by NZ Strong Construction, an Auckland construction company specializing in unique projects such as this.
Refurbishment of exterior joinery and façade is now completed, with drainage works and fire protection undertaken to prevent further deterioration of the building.
The building now houses the James Wallace Art Trust's collection of New Zealand art, which is valued at NZ$50 million. Called the TSB Bank Wallace Arts Centre, it opened to the public in August 2010.
Television and film.
Over the years the house and its grounds have been used as the shooting locations in a number of television and film productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20539959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539959" title="USS Winged Arrow (AP-170)">
USS Winged Arrow (AP-170)

USS "Winged Arrow" (AP-170) was a "La Salle"-class transport of the United States Navy. The "La Salle" class transport had a displacement of almost 14,000 tons and were designed to ferry troops and supplies to and from the war zone during World War II.
Commissioning.
The ship was laid down 26 January 1943 as SS "Winged Victory", a Maritime Commission type (C2-S-B1) hull, under Maritime Commission contract (MC hull 1156) at Moore Dry Dock Company in Oakland, California, and launched 3 April 1943. She was acquired by the Navy from the War Shipping Administration on 21 April 1944 and commissioned that same day as USS "Winged Arrow" (AP-170), Comdr. J. E. Shomier in command.
Service history.
Saipan.
On 30 April, "Winged Arrow" put to sea with a full complement of Army replacement troops, bound for Oahu where she arrived on 6 May. There, she practiced amphibious operations with soldiers from the Army's 27th Division in preparation for the occupation of the Mariana Islands. At the end of May, she departed Pearl Harbor with troops embarked, bound for Kwajalein in the Marshalls where she arrived on 9 June. Since "Winged Arrow"s embarked troops were assigned to the floating reserve, they were not scheduled to be on hand at Saipan on "D-day". Therefore, she remained at Kwajalein for several days before departing there on a schedule calculated to put her off Saipan on 17 June, two days after the initial assault. The following day, she transferred her troops to LSTs; and they landed at Agingan Point on Saipan. The transport then retired to Eniwetok to prepare for the second phase of the Marianas operation, the landings on Tinian.
Tinian.
After a somewhat lengthy wait at Eniwetok occasioned by the unexpectedly difficult task of rooting out the defenders of Saipan, "Winged Arrow" returned to the island on 19 July and retracted units of the 2nd Marine Division for the Tinian assault. On the morning of 24 July, she and several other ships carried that division, made up of the 2nd and 8th Marine Regiments, around to the southwestern coast of Tinian opposite Tinian Town where they feigned a landing to draw enemy forces from the real objective on the eastern coast. Upon concluding the feint, "Winged Arrow" transported the marines back around to waters off the actual invasion beaches where they remained in the floating reserve. On the 26th, they went ashore to reinforce and support the 4th Marine Division during the reduction of Tinian. 
"Winged Arrow" then embarked passengers, including 458 Japanese prisoners of war, at Saipan for transportation to Pearl Harbor. After disembarking the passengers at Oahu on 10 August, the transport continued eastward to San Francisco, where she arrived on 19 August. She completed almost a month's availability at San Francisco and then moved to San Diego on 19 September. There, she embarked a Marine Corps aviation unit for transportation to the Marshalls. She departed San Diego on 21 September and, after stops at Pearl Harbor and Majuro, disembarked her passengers at Roi islet in Kwajalein Atoll on 15 October. She embarked more passengers there and got underway again on 22 October, bound ultimately for Hollandia on the northern coast of New Guinea. After stops at Majuro and Manus in the Admiralty Islands, the transport arrived at Hollandia on 21 November. At the New Guinea base, the ship began preparations for the invasion of Luzon in the Philippines.
Lingayen Gulf.
Early in January 1945, she embarked troops of the Army's I Corps, probably units of the 158th Regimental Combat Team, and sailed for Lingayen Gulf on the northwestern coast of Luzon as a part of Rear Admiral Richard L. Conolly's Reinforcement Group (Task Group 77.9). She and the other ships of her task group arrived off Lingayen on 11 January, two days after the initial assault. Her troops eventually landed near Mabilao about 15 miles east of the town of Lingayen itself and moved up to support other I Corps troops already engaged with the Japanese. During her stay at Lingayen Gulf, "Winged Arrow" was straddled by bombs and near-misses by a kamikaze who crashed close aboard her bow, but she performed her part in the operation without suffering casualties or damage.
Leyte.
She departed Lingayen on the night of 12 and 13 January, joined a convoy of fast transports, and shaped a course for Leyte Gulf. En route, the convoy suffered another kamikaze attack. One of the intruders succeeded in crashing into , but "Winged Arrow" again escaped damage. After about a week at Leyte, the transport carried more reinforcements to Luzon, landing them just north of Subic Bay at La Paz. She returned to Leyte and remained there until 16 February when she got underway with a Ulithi-bound convoy which included her damaged former travelling mate, "Zeilin". The task unit reached Ulithi on 18 February, but "Winged Arrow" did not remain there long. Continuing her voyage, she stopped at recently invaded Iwo Jima where she embarked units of the 5th Marine Division for transportation to Hawaii. After disembarking the marines at Hilo and spending from 12 to 17 April in the islands, she resumed her voyage to the west coast of the United States and entered San Francisco Bay on the 23rd.
Okinawa.
"Winged Arrow" spent almost a month undergoing repairs at San Francisco. She departed that port on 16 May and headed north to Seattle where she arrived on the 19th. She embarked Army replacement troops for the Okinawa campaign and got underway again on 22 May. She made brief stops at Pearl Harbor, Eniwetok, and Ulithi before arriving in the Ryukyus in June. She remained at Okinawa until 8 July when she headed back to Pearl Harbor with 1,056 Japanese prisoners of war embarked. Steaming via Saipan and Eniwetok, she reached Oahu on 22 July. After unloading the prisoners of war, she took on a mixed group of passengers, which included male and female members of the armed forces as well as male and female civilians, for transportation back to the United States. The transport stood out of Pearl Harbor on 24 July and arrived in San Francisco six days later.
The ship underwent a round of voyage repairs at San Francisco before returning to sea on 11 August. En route to the western Pacific, she received word of the Japanese capitulation on 14 August. She made brief calls at Eniwetok and Ulithi before arriving at her destination, Leyte, on the day of the actual surrender ceremony, 2 September 1945.
Post-war.
After a side trip to Tacloban, "Winged Arrow" departed the Philippines on 5 September with 1,500 returning Americans embarked. She made a two-day stop at Ulithi and arrived in San Francisco once again prior to returning to the Far East. She arrived at Saipan in the Marianas in mid-October and picked up more returning troops there and at Guam and Tinian before getting underway on the 27th to transport them back to the United States. The ship entered San Francisco once again on 10 November but departed again for the Orient two weeks later. This time, her destination was Jinsen, Korea, where she arrived on 13 December and probably disembarked occupation troops before heading back to the United States on the 15th. She arrived in Seattle early in January 1946 and remained there until the 28th when she put to sea once again, bound for Asia. The ship arrived at Shanghai, China, on 14 February and remained there until the 17th at which time she headed south to Hong Kong for a two-day visit before heading back to the west coast. "Winged Arrow" left Hong Kong on 22 February; stopped along the way at Guam, Truk, and Wake Island; and reentered Seattle on 29 March.
The transport embarked upon her final voyage for the Navy on 14 April. She made a stop at San Francisco and then shaped a course back to the Philippines on 26 April. "Winged Arrow" stood into Manila Bay on 14 May, moved to Subic Bay on 15 May, and headed for Samar on the 16th. She stopped only briefly at Samar on the 18th and then pointed her bow eastward. She concluded her final transpacific voyage for the Navy at San Francisco on 5 June.
Decommissioning and sale.
On the 27th, she headed north to Seattle and inactivation, arriving there on the 30th. She completed inactivation overhaul and was placed out of commission at Seattle and transferred to the Maritime Commission on 12 August 1946 for disposal. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 28 August 1946. In 1948, she was sold and converted to mercantile service. Between 1948 and 1965, she served several steamship companies under the names "Susan", "Noordzee", "Fairhope", and finally "Green Bay". Her name disappeared from mercantile lists late in 1965. Presumably she was broken up.
Awards.
"Winged Arrow" earned four battle stars during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20539962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539962" title="Irving Kaufman (singer)">
Irving Kaufman (singer)

Irving Kaufman born Isidore Kaufman Syracuse, New York (February 8, 1890 – January 3, 1976) was a prolific early twentieth century singer, recording artist and Vaudeville performer. The son of Russian Jewish immigrants, he was a member of "The Kaufman Brothers", along with his brothers Phillip and Jack.
Kaufman began recording in 1914, and recorded for Victor, Columbia, Vocalion, Gennett, Edison, Harmony, as well as all of the dime labels (Banner, Perfect, etc.). Early in his career, when recording for Edison and RCA Victor, he recorded under his own name, but he also used a number of (non-Jewish-sounding) aliases. Sometimes, as in the case of several of his 1927 "Broadway Bell-Hops" vocals, he was merely credited as "Vocal Chorus". He was often credited as "vocal refrain by George Beaver" on the dime store labels.
Kaufman was a singer in the vaudeville style; certainly not considered a jazz singer, he nonetheless sang on recordings accompanied by some of the foremost jazz figures of the 1920s, including Leon "Bix" Beiderbecke, Frank Trumbauer, The Dorsey Brothers, Red Nichols, Miff Mole, and Eddie Lang. (His voice recorded well - both acoustically and electrically - and was one of the most prolific singers during the 1920s.)
Kaufman retired after a heart attack in 1949, and made no further commercial recordings until 1974, when a 2-LP set titled "Reminisce With Irving Kaufman" was released. It consisted mostly of transcriptions of his old recordings, but included several new cuts of Kaufman singing, accompanied by his second wife, Belle Brooks (1904–93). Upon retirement he lived in Palm Springs, California. He died January 3, 1976 in Indio, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20539972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539972" title="Dyschronometria">
Dyschronometria

Dyschronometria is when a person can not accurately estimate the amount of time that has passed. This can be a sign of cerebellar ataxia. which is when the cerebellum has been damaged and does not function to its fullest ability. Lesions to the cerebellum can cause dyssynergia, dysmetria, dysdiadochokinesia, dysarthria, and ataxia of stance and gait. as well as a precursor for a patient who will be having a stroke. Dyschronometria is an autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia (ADCA) which usually means the ataxia is a less debilitating than an autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia, or an ataxia that is linked to the X-chromosome.
Signs and symptoms.
Common signs of having dyschronometria are lack of spatial awareness, poor short term memory, inability to keep track of time. These signs and symptoms are only the most generic and are not explicitly isolated to having dyschronometria, because these are also signs of having any type of Cerebellar ataxia.
Time keeping.
In patients with dyschronometria, keeping track of small amounts of passage of time also proves to be difficult. When asked to wait for thirty seconds, or tap every second that has gone by, those affected will be able to perform the task for a short time and then become quickly derailed by the task. Usually this is because they lose focus however more often than not, the individual affected can no longer tell what they are doing, seeming to become lost. This symptom, while not completely understood, is one of the more obvious to notice for those with this cerebellar ataxia. This often takes form in forgetting basic time keeping unless a timer is set, such as when cooking for example. The inability to keep track of time applies only to the keeping track of seconds, minutes and at the most hours. It does not apply however to the macro level having to do with circadian rhythm because they are able to function biological as they had before.
Causes.
The greatest common cause of cerebellar ataxias, especially that of dyschronometria, all involve the cerebellum taking damage. This can be by form of a trauma or by natural causes of disease and genetics. Examples of trauma include a car accident, stroke, epilepsy, and head trauma. These traumas are especially detrimental to elderly and children due to the decrease in brain matter, thus making these events if taken place have an increased risk of damaging the cerebellum. This also explains why we see dyschronometria more common in elderly due to the deterioration of physical brain matter. Other probable causes for the deterioration of brain matter in the elderly include increased supranational activation, decreased cerebellar activation (which is consistent with fronto-cerebellar dissociation).
Genetic causes.
As mentioned before several genetic causes exist. These include chicken pox as well as any version of chicken pox that can infect the nervous system, brain tumors, toxic reactions to released toxins in the blood stream, transient ischemic attacks, cerebral palsy, multiple sclerosis, degenerative disorders, and genetics. Unlike trauma, it is harder to catch the dyschronometria within those diagnosed with it because it hides beneath these other diseases.
Dyslexia.
An interesting case of dyschronometria has to do with dyslexia. While not completely studied, when dyslexia was studied within children, they found that these children were often stressed as well as mentally exhausted. This had to do mostly with their inability to understand time and allocate it correctly as well as understanding basic words due to their dyslexia leading on almost a snowball effect to where they had symptoms of dyschronometria. These children would place little to no importance on their present state, which was a habit that continued into adulthood. This brings about the question of whether dyslexia is a symptom or a cause of dyschronometria, or both. When looking into dyslexia in adults, the question was still unanswered, and further research will need to be done in order to completely understand just how dyslexia, in the context of this cerebellar ataxia, is to be classified.
Dementia.
Lastly, dementia has a huge effect on dyschronometria and was one of the main sources of how dyschronometria was discovered. Through studies, dementia is both a cause and an effect of dyschronometria. This has to do completely with the fact that with Dementia the brain is constantly rewiring itself and thus information becomes lost causing the person who had dementia to become confused as well as disoriented, and in most causes completely unaware of the passage of time. As a cause, dyschronometria causes the person to because disoriented and completely unaware of time, thus making bits and piece of their brain involving a memory to become lost ultimately leading to dementia in the long term. This is how dyschronometria is a precursor to dementia.
Errors and Inaccuracies.
Diagnosing.
Difficulty in recognizing dyschronometria's easily recognizable symptoms is that it also tends to show up with other Cerebellar Ataxias that effect Gait, speech and thought process. These other ataxias also use the same symptoms of lacking spacial recognition and time disorientation to diagnose those ataxias as well covering up the fact most these patients also have dyschronometria. The most common ataxias dyschronometria has been seem to be evident with are dyssynergia, dysmetria, dysdiadochokinesia, dysarthria as well as the ataxias effecting stance and gait. Dyslexia is also another problem with those individuals affected by Dyschronometria, however it is unsure weather Dyslexia is developed or worsened by having Dyschronometria, or if it is the exact opposite where having the dyslexia increases the chance to develop dyschronometria. Another problem that dyschronometria faces in detection is that Dyschronometria is a relatively new name for this side effect and precursor to dementia compared to other cerebellar ataxias such as the ataxias mentioned above. When dyschronometria is detected on the other hand, it is usually found when the symptom has progressed to the point where it can not be reversed or provide any type of benefit for taking the testing medication to either slow down dyschronometria or the process of dementia setting in which is what dyschronometria is a signal for.
However the greatest error in diagnosing dyschronometria is that this cerebellar ataxia hides itself with the symptoms and signs it shows. The signs that those who are diagnosed with dyschronometria are not obvious, and oftentimes are mistaken to be other cerebellar ataxias or dementia by medical professionals. In addiction these medical professionals usually expect to see signs of the circadian rhythm being disrupted by either their sleeping cycles and patterns have no logical sense to it, which have nothing to do with dyschronometria. Other error in diagnosing dyschronometria included the idea that those who have dyschronometria have a speech impediment or suffer from delusions border lining psychosis, impairment of long term memory, as well as the complete loss of conscious understanding of time. These misconceptions mentioned mostly stem from the fact that this cerebellar ataxia is rarely diagnosed without being seen in dementia or with another ataxia.
Clinical testing.
Testing and diagnosing for dyschronometria also has shown not to be effective as well. The reason why dementia is caught so late when the signals seem as obvious as mentioned above is due to the fact that psychological tests that have been done to try to catch signs of dementia, such as dyschronometria, are not very helpful. This is due to the bell curves that are formed after the statistical analysis, and due to the normal subjects having a wide range, the only patient that is caught by these tests are the subjects that have such an abnormal showing it is obvious even without tests that there is a problem. If there was a way to create a more sensitive testing, perhaps scientists would be able to catch Dementia quicker. Diagnosing of dyschronometria is also difficult due to the lack of research as well as professionals concentrating in this cerebellar ataxia. Neuroscientists are only just starting to do more research into this lack of awareness and keeping time. When the science and the tests are more specialized and this topic has been looked into at a greater depth, the sensitivity of the tests that have been and will be conducted will be able to give more answer to the questions that are continuing to arise.
Treatments.
The cerebellum has not been tested clinically with whether or not there is a significance influence by drugs to help the repairmen of various cerebellar ataxias. In the research done by Trouillas in Lyon France, it was considered to be logical to examine the pharmacology of cerebellar ataxia by manipulating the key components found at the nerve level within the cerebellum or the inferior Olive. This was done mostly through the modification of the GABA, dopamine, and serotonin receptors which did seem to show positive results in the primary stages of the experimentation. The clinical benefits presented in this study justifying the prescription of d-l-5-HTP or better with the l-5-HTP with benserazide to patients with certain cerebellar ataxias including that of Dyschronometria. At the present as stated, this is the best indication for treatment of the cerebellar cortical atrophies. Even still it is important to stress that the response to this treatment may be slow and irregular.
Neuroplastic rehabilitation.
Previously, neuroplasticity used as a rehabilitation method were looked into as a potential treatment for dyschronometria. However these studies were not further developed since the 1980s. With current techniques and research from the neuroscience community, this is still a viable option not to eliminate the cerebellar ataxia, but to slow its progress of development.

</doc>
<doc id="20539979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539979" title="Frobel">
Frobel

Frobel and similar can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20539985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539985" title="Beekeeper (disambiguation)">
Beekeeper (disambiguation)

A beekeeper is a person who keeps bees.
Beekeeper may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20539993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539993" title="The Dragon Jousters series">
The Dragon Jousters series

The Dragon Jousters is a series of fantasy novels written by Mercedes Lackey. The books primarily follow the story of Vetch (or Kiron, from the second book onward), and center initially around a war between the neighboring countries of Alta and Tia, both of which use Dragon Jousters as their most powerful weapons. The books are based on the predynastic period of Ancient Egypt and (very loosely) the myth of Atlantis. This series began with a short story entitled "Joust" which was published in The Dragon Quintet (ISBN 076531035X). This short story was later expanded into the series with the first novel holding the same name and overall plot as the short story.
In order, the novels are "Joust" (2003), "Alta" (2004), "Sanctuary" (May 2005), and "Aerie" (Oct 2006)
World.
The basic setting for the series is Ancient Egypt when it was divided into two kingdoms. The Upper Kingdom is called Tia, and the Lower Kingdom called Alta. The series starts with the two kingdoms at war.
In addition to foot soldiers, each Kingdom's army also include a group known as the Dragon Jousters (hence the series' name), men who ride dragons into battle, who hold a large amount of power over deciding how a battle goes. The main threat the Jousters pose to foot soldiers and commanders is that the dragons can pick anyone up and drop them from high in the air to kill them. So, each set or riders is equipped with jousting equipment to try to knock opposing riders out of their saddles, sending them to their death and removing the threat of their dragon.
There are two types of dragons in the world, desert dragons and swamp dragons, the latter only used by Altan forces. Dragons used in jousting are usually caught from the wild, and thus very hard to control. Only when they eat meat covered with powder made from "tala" berries are they easy to control. Dragons raised from hatching, though, imprint on the human who raised them, and so are incredibly easy to control; they also appear to be bigger, stronger, and smarter, as "tala" seems to stunt dragons' growth in all areas.
Religion in Tia and Alta highly mirrors Egyptian mythology and worship. Specific gods are associated with all aspects of life, and there if a firm belief in spirits and the afterlife among the people. Tia and Alta officially have different sets of gods, though they are highly similar, and in fact only differ in name and maybe a few minor details.
Magic also plays a large role throughout the series, from controlling weather to growing crops to being a powerful weapon. Each person who is able to use magic usually has a certain "gift", or specific type of magic they can use. Particularly powerful magicians are known as Magi, and though most of the Magi encountered are evil, this is not always the case.
Plot.
Joust.
Joust follows the story of a young boy named Vetch. He is an Altan, and a serf: someone lower than a slave who is tied to the land they work on under their master. His Tian master, Khefti the Fat, is quite cruel, and Vetch is the last member of his family on the land, taking all of Khefti's beatings. Vetch's luck changes when Ari, one of the Tian Dragon Jousters, appears one day and takes him to be dragon-boy for Kashet, the dragon Ari raised since hatching (and thus unique in the jousters' ranks).
Life in the dragon jousters' compound proves to be much more pleasant that slaving away in the fields, but Vetch's relationship with all the dragon jousters is tolerating at best, (though he likes the dragons,) as he sees them as a symbol of the Tian power that killed his father and put the rest of his family into serfdom. The one exception to this Ari, whom Vetch respects and even grows to liking.
Among the myriad of other challenges that happen at the compound, Vetch gets his hands on a dragon egg of his own, which he raises to hatching in secret, calling the female Avatre. The novel culminates with he and Avatre escaping the compound by air, only to be caught by Ari and Kashet. Ari, though, has also grown to liking Vetch, and convinces the other Tian dragon jousters that Vetch died in the chase, then helps Vetch get to a nomadic people, known as the Bedu, who will help him complete his escape to Alta. It is revealed that, in the Atlan tradition, "Vetch" actually has two names, one for use during his childhood and one for adulthood, his "real" name. As the novel closes, he takes on his real name, Kiron, and flies on Avatre toward Alta.
Alta.
Alta begins as Kiron and Avatre transition from the nomad lands into Alta. Not far inside the Altan border, the two of them save a girl from one of the dangerous "water horses" (presumably a hippo). The girl is Aket-ten, daughter of Altan noble Lord Ya-tiren; she has magic abilities, including the ability to speak telepathically to animals.
Lord Ya-tiren and the rest of Aket-ten's family take Kiron in temporarily to help him adjust to life in the City of Alta, central hub of Alta, a large city built on seven earthen rings separated by canals. Kiron and Avatre are accepted into the ranks of the Altan dragon jousters, and Kiron gets to start his own wing of jousters who are to raise their dragons from hatching, a new concept for the jousters. His wing of eight other boys includes Aket-ten's brother and one of the heirs to the Altan throne.
Kiron's group of friends (his wing, Aket-ten, and others) eventually surmise (correctly) that the powerful Altan Magi are exercising more and more control over the country, to the detriment of its citizens. Aket-ten is one of the first people targeted, due to her magic abilities, and later the heir in Kiron's wing is murdered when he tries to speak up leading to Aket-ten joining the wing. As the first step in an unsure plan to remove the Magi from power, the group decides they must leave Alta and remove the jousters from both armies.
After assuring that all the "tala" in both Tia and Alta will fail to control all dragons not raised from hatching, they fly into their first battle as Altan Jousters. With no "tala", all the other dragons on both sides refuse to obey their riders, leaving an air battle between Ari and Kiron's wing. Ari is dislodged from Kashet, and only survives thanks to a trick Kiron had all the dragons in his wing learn based on what he had seen Kashet do while he was still a dragon-boy in Tia. Back on the ground and away from where the armies are fighting, Kiron's wing, along with his friends and members of the Bedu, convince Ari to join them in a new city apart from both Tia and Alta, the desert legend they now call Sanctuary.
Sanctuary.
Sanctuary follows the inhabitants of Sanctuary as they try to make their city as functional as possible, having to deal with battling the harsh elements of the desert, growing the ranks of the New Dragon Jousters, and sustaining the city as refugees from both Alta and Tia constantly trickle in.
Much of the first half of the novel follows Kiron as he tries to find his place the societal structure of Sanctuary, and his relationship with Aket-ten (and her family).
Eventually, the Jousters of Sanctuary run one rescue mission in to Alta when new refugees tell of worsening situations there, coordinated with the help of members of Aket-ten's extended family who are still there. The failure of a second rescue mission sends the plot toward the climax, where the Jousters of Sanctuary, the Tian army, and the Altan Magi all meet over the city of Alta.
Aerie.
Aerie follows the inhabitants of the combined Altan and Tian nation. After moving to the newly found city, renamed Aerie, the Jousters of the new country must find a purpose. At first that purpose is the securing of trade routes through the desert. That changes when out on patrol Kiron found a dead body coming in out of the desert. 
As the priests of Alta and Tia search for information concerning this mysterious body they uncover the truth about an old enemy, the Heyskin, creators of the Magi. 
With this information and tools given by the gods the people of Alta and Tia fight and defeat the Heyskin and their blood-born god of the Heyskin. 
After the battle the land is united under a new name: Altia.
Characters.
Kiron/Vetch + Avatre.
Kiron is the protagonist and main character of books 1-3 and a primary character in book 4. He starts the series as a serf (read: abused slave) whose "Master" calls him Vetch. He is rescued from that Master by Ari. Vetch/Kiron later escapes slavery (with some help from Ari)and makes his way back to Alta, where he becomes the leader of the first wing of tame dragons.
Avatre is Kiron's dragon and the second tame dragon in known history. She is primarily the color of rubies, though she shades through into topaz in places; her name means "fire-of-the-dawn". She was born in the Tian Jousters' Compound, where Vetch/Kiron raised her until she was old enough to carry him, at which point they escaped.
Ari + Kashet.
Ari starts the series as a Tian Jouster. He was trained as a scribe as a boy, and it was in this capacity that he first entered the Compound of the Tian Jousters. He is very honorable, and at the end of the first book he helps Vetch to escape from the Tian Jousters (and from Tia), after seeing how Vetch would rather die than return. He is revealed to be the son of the Tian Great King's brother near the beginning of Sanctuary.
Kashet, Ari's dragon, is the first tame dragon in history.
Kiron's Wing.
Orest.
Orest, had truly found his passion. He had flung himself into the work with his
dragon to the point where Kiron sometimes had to order him to rest. When he wasn't tending his dragon
—which was so immaculately groomed that his scales gleamed like gems—he was reading about them,
asking advice of the other dragon boys, and even (when he dared) querying the Jousters about combat.
His father, from being resigned, was now as proud of his youngest son as he was of his eldest.
Toreth.
Toreth was a little more divided. Then again, he had to be; as the likeliest heirs to the thrones, he and his brother perforce spent a lot of time in learning governance. And, though this was not what Kiron would have expected, mastering the tasks of dragon care came as easily to the prince as breathing. Perhaps it was his calmness, which seemed to have as much of a tranquilizing effect on his charge as the tala did. After the first day, Toreth had come to the pens with the royal hairstyle gone; he had opted for a cut like Aket-ten's, just at chin length. He said nothing about it, and nothing was ever said to him, but Kiron knew that he was serious after that day.
Ka-lenteth.
Ka-lenteth, the falconer, had the most fractious of the beasts, and as a result, took longer than the others to accustom it to his hand. It even tried his immense store of patience a time or two, and he was the only one to be injured. Not badly, but his dragon had learned the use of his tail to intimidate, and Kiron finally had to get the young falconer fitted with actual boots before the moon was over. Kalen (as he liked to be called) was the smallest of the boys, thin and wiry, and seldom spoke. When he did, it was in a low, soft voice. Kiron only heard him shout the once, when he got the first lash of a tail across his shins.
Pe-atep.
Pe-atep, the cat keeper, was Kalen's match in patience, but was his exact opposite physically. He was
taller and broader than the prince, with an equally broad, flat face and a booming voice when he raised it
in conversation. He had no trouble with his fractious charge, actually staring it down during their first
confrontation—something he said also worked on lions. He and Kalen were often found experimenting
with minute changes in the dragons' diets to see if there was any corresponding change in their behavior.
Not varying the tala ration, of course, but changing the kinds of meat and the mix of meat to organs,
adding things like hide and hair.
Huras.
Huras was a friend of Pe-atep, though not an animal keeper. The son of a baker, he was the
lowest-born of the lot. And was second to no one in his intelligence. He tore through the scrolls on
dragons, Jousting, and dragon keeping twice as fast as anyone else, and anything he read stayed in his
memory forever. Otherwise, he was average-looking in appearance; he probably would have run to fat if
he hadn't been working so hard.
Ganek-at-kel-te-ronet.
Ganek-at-kel-te-ronet (Gan) would have been the highest-ranking member of their group,
if the prince had not been one of them. Gan was tall, lanky, and had a languid air about him that gave the
impression that he didn't care a great deal for anything except, perhaps, food and gossip. Nothing could
have been further from the truth. He was the oldest, no longer a boy, but a young man—and his airs
concealed a passion as fervent as Orest's. Kiron had the feeling that, like Orest, he had been looking for
something for his entire life without knowing what it was. And now he had found it.
Oset-re.
Oset-re, the peacock of the group, and a friend of Orest's. He was, to put it
bluntly, the most beautiful human being that Kiron had ever seen, of either sex. No matter what the time
of day or the task he was engaged in, he was always impeccably, flawlessly groomed and clothed.
Whenever he ventured outside the compound, women flirted with him covertly or openly, and like Ari,
there were even women who pursued him shamelessly. And he wore his peacock persona like the mask
it was. Beneath the seeming vanity was a hard purpose, honed to razor sharpness. He had seen what
Kiron had with Avatre on an early visit, and he was determined to have something like that bond for
himself. But not at "all" costs; he would have it with honor or not at all. Even if it meant ruining his finest kilts to achieve it. He had already made one great sacrifice; the day after Toreth cut his hair, so did Oset-re.
Menet-Ka.
Menet-ka was shy, never spoke above a whisper or unless he was first spoken to, who hung
at the back of any group, and who seldom made eye contact. He was so successful at self-effacement
that most people who knew him would have had a hard time describing him, and if there were three other
people in a room, would forget he was there. He had never yet demonstrated why he was here, for it
must have taken an extraordinary act of will for him to put himself forward.
Aket-Ten.
Aket-ten tooke over Toreth's dragon after his murder. She is Orest's little sister and faked losing her gifts from the Magi.
Minor Characters.
Other dragon boys.
Very little of the other dragon boys from the second book onward. In the first book it shows the life and chores that dragon boys are charged with within the jouster compound. Some examples of the chores are making sure that the lances Jousters use are in good shape for the Jousters to fight with. Cleaning the living space that the Jousters live in. Feeding the dragon they are charged with.
The Bedu.
Also known as the Blue People, they are desert nomads who help guide the people of Alta and Tia back and forth from the cities of Mefis, Sanctuary, and Aerie. Very little is known other than live in the desert and it takes all of their resources just to survive. The only person who is allowed to talk to outsiders is called the Mouth of the Bedu.
Aket-ten's family.
Aket-ten has 7 brothers, including Orest, and is the first female jouster in history. She also has a father (Lord Ya-tiren) and a mother. They do not show up often in Alta but show up more frequently in Sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="20539996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20539996" title="Paul Rohrbach (botanist)">
Paul Rohrbach (botanist)

Paul Rohrbach (June 9, 1846 - June 6, 1871) was a German botanist born in Berlin. He wrote on orchids before dying in his 20s.
Background.
Rohrbach studied the sciences at the University of Göttingen, where one of his instructors was August Grisebach. He later studied botany under Alexander Braun at the University of Berlin. Braun was an important influence on Rohrbach's research in the fields of comparative morphology and systematics. 
While a student Rohrbach published a work on the orchid genus "Epipogium" titled "Über den Blüthenbau und die Befruchtung von Epipogium Gmelini". He was also the author of a treatise on the genus "Silene" called "Monographie der Gattung Silene". He died in Berlin of lung disease a few days before his 25th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="20540006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540006" title="SEC–Big East Challenge">
SEC–Big East Challenge

The SEC–Big East Challenge was an in-season NCAA college basketball series, matching up teams from the Southeastern Conference and the former Big East Conference. The event, which was held each season from 2007 to 2012, has taken place in early December, before the start of conference play.
The original six-year contract for the series expired in 2013 and was not renewed. This was likely an effect of the 2010–13 Big East Conference realignment, in which the full members of the former Big East split up into football-sponsoring (The American) and non-football (new Big East) conferences. The SEC proceeded to establish a new series with the Big 12 Conference called the Big 12/SEC Challenge.
Format.
Initially, each annual series included four games featuring four teams from each conference. The games were held as two double-headers in two different, typically off-campus, sites. Though most of the sites are not home arenas for the teams featured in the event, many have been in the same cities as one of the participants. Madison Square Garden in New York City hosted a double-header in 2009 that featured the St. John's Red Storm, who use the Garden as their home arena for some games. In 2010, two games were held at Freedom Hall in Louisville, Kentucky, which served as the Louisville Cardinals home arena until the end of the 2009–10 season. Other venues are occasional home venues for invitational participants. Villanova occasionally plays at the Wachovia Center in Philadelphia, where they participated in the first year of the Invitational in 2007. Pittsburgh occasionally hosts games in the Consol Energy Center since in opened in 2010, where they played in the invitational in December of that year.
Starting with the 2011-12 season, the format was changed to allow every SEC team to participate along with an equal number of Big East teams. This format featured 12 games over three days beginning on the Thursday after Thanksgiving of each year. The locations of the games were also changed; they would be played at home campus sites with each conference hosting six games a year.
For the 2012 challenge, the SEC's new members Texas A&M and Missouri did not participate, while the departure of West Virginia from the Big East meant that only three Big East teams would be excluded instead of four.
Team records.
In the inaugural series in 2007, the Big East won three games to the SEC's one. The two conferences tied, with each team winning two games, in 2008 and 2009. In the 2010 series, the SEC won for the first time, three games to one. In the 2011 series, the first year with 12 games, the Big East won eight games to four.

</doc>
<doc id="20540007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540007" title="Berdeen Falls">
Berdeen Falls

Berdeen Falls is a series of three waterfalls located in Whatcom County, Washington. The falls are on a stretch of Bacon Creek (a tributary of the Skagit River) downstream of Berdeen Lake.The drops include a horsetail, a bedrock slide, and a plunge waterfall.

</doc>
<doc id="20540019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540019" title="Algerian (virtual typeface)">
Algerian (virtual typeface)

Algerian is a decorative serif digital font family, a knock off of the Keystone Foundry's nineteenth-century face "Glyphic." The design for the typeface is owned by Linotype, while the name 'Algerian' is a trademark of the International Typeface Corporation. Algerian comes in two styles: 'Algerian' (regular) and 'Algerian Condensed'.
Algerian (regular) was created for Scangraphic at Letraset. Algerian Condensed was created by the Linotype library designer Alan Meeks. Although Algerian is reminiscent of Victorian era woodcut types, both styles were created in 1988.
Algerian is reviled for its overuse. Originally, the Algerian font only had capital letters, but Michael Hagemann, with the FontMesa publisher developed in 2005, a complete typeface which includes lower case letters with the name of Algerian Mesa (as seen in the image).
Earlier use of the name.
The name "Algerian" was earlier used for a foundry type cast by Stephenson Blake in 1908. The current Algerian family has no relation to this face.

</doc>
<doc id="20540021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540021" title="U-48-class submarine">
U-48-class submarine

The "U-48" class was a class of four submarines or U-boats planned for the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during World War I. The design of the boats was based on plans purchased from the German firm of AG Weser in January 1916. The Navy authorized Cantiere Navale Triestino to begin construction of the submarines in Pola in September 1916. Only two of the planned four boats were laid down, but neither of them were launched or completed. Both incomplete submarines were scrapped after the war ended.
Design.
Austria-Hungary's U-boat fleet was largely obsolete at the outbreak of World War I, and over the first two years of the war the Austro-Hungarian Navy focused its efforts on building a U-boat fleet for local defense within the Adriatic. With boats to fill that need either under construction or purchased from Germany, efforts were focused on building submarines for operation in the wider Mediterranean, outside the Adriatic.
In January 1916 Cantiere Navale Triestino (CNT) purchased plans for an submarine from the German firm of AG Weser of Bremen. Austro-Hungarian Navy modifications to the plans resulted in a submarine that displaced surfaced and submerged. The boats were to be long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, the design featured two shafts, with twin diesel engines of (total) for surface running at up to , and twin electric motors of (total) for submerged travel at up to . The "U-48" class boats were designed for a crew of 32 men.
The "U-48" design called for six torpedo tubes—four bow tubes and two stern tubes—and carried a complement of nine torpedoes. The original design specified two 90 mm/35 (3.5 in) deck guns, which were superseded by two 120 mm/35 (4.7 in) deck guns in plans for the third and fourth boats.
Construction.
In September 1916, Cantiere Navale Triestino (CNT) received authorization to build two boats of the class, "U-48" and "U-49", with the proviso that the boats be built in Budapest with final assembly at the Pola Navy Yard. These first two boats, which comprised one-third of the six submarines under construction in 1916, were followed by orders for "U-58" and "U-59" before the war's end.
Although CNT had secured fully complete plans from Weser, the Austro-Hungarian design modifications delayed the start of construction. Additional changes after construction had begun slowed the progress of the boats. Compounding this were shortages of both material and skilled shipyard workers, further slowing construction. As a result, neither of the first two boats was ever launched, much less completed, and the second pair was cancelled before either was laid down. "U-48" was 70% complete at war's end, while "U-49" was only 55% complete. Both boats were scrapped in place in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20540028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540028" title="Galbraith Mountain">
Galbraith Mountain

Galbraith Mountain is the common name for North Lookout Mountain, located between the communities of Sudden Valley and Bellingham, Washington. A area was owned by the Trillium Corporation until April 1, 2010, when the company surrendered the property to Polygon Financial Partners instead of defaulting on the loan held by Polygon. Galbraith Mountain has two main summits, which are and high. Though they are not either the highest points on Lookout mountain, they are prominent from all over Western Whatcom County. The Whatcom Independent Mountain Pedalers (WHIMPs) created and maintained a large trail system under a 2005 contract with Trillium. The mountain has many access points; the two most popular are from Birch Street, off of Lakeway Drive, and Galbraith Lane, off of Samish Way.
Galbraith Mountain is home to four radio towers, three of which are on the summit, and one about below. There is active logging on the flanks of the mountain, which has opened clear sight lines from the trails which criss-cross the area. Numerous kiosks and outdoor art were placed throughout the mountain by Trillium and the WMBC, including a bike maintenance station.
As of April 26, 2010, Polygon's planned relationship with the mountain biking community and land use policy has not been established.

</doc>
<doc id="20540047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540047" title="Katie McCall">
Katie McCall

Katherine A. "Katie" McCall (born September 3, 1975), known professionally as Katie McCall, is an American television journalist.
Early life and education.
McCall grew up in Glenview, Illinois and graduated from Glenbrook South High School. She earned a bachelor of arts degree cum laude from Vanderbilt University in English and Spanish in 1997 and is fluent in Spanish.
Professional career.
McCall began her career as an associate producer and field producer for WSMV-TV in Nashville, Tennessee, where she worked from 1997 until 1998. From 1998 until 2000, she worked for KGUN-TV in Tucson, Arizona as a general assignment reporter, medical reporter and morning anchor. From 2000 until 2006, McCall worked as a general assignment reporter and fill-in anchor at KHWB-TV in Houston.
McCall joined WBBM-TV in Chicago in July 2006 as a general assignment reporter and fill-in anchor. McCall was one of a group of employees laid off from WBBM on March 31, 2008. 
In March 2009, McCall became a morning weekend anchor and reporter for KTRK-TV, an ABC owned & operated station in Houston.
McCall has been honored with two Associated Press Awards and was named "Best Local T.V. Reporter" by The Houston Press in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20540057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540057" title="Freak for Life">
Freak for Life

Freak for Life 6996 (known to some as simply Freak For Life) is the fourth album released by Luther Campbell. It was released on July 11, 1994 through Luke Records and was produced by Darren "DJ Spin" Rudnick, Mike "Fresh" McCray, DJ Slice and Lazaro Mendez. "Freak for Life" peaked at #174 on the Billboard 200 and #24 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, making it his lowest charting album at the time. One single found mild success, "It's Your Birthday" peaked at #33 on the Hot Rap Singles and #91 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
"Freak For Life 6996" is the last Luke solo album to be released under Luke Records independently before it went into bankruptcy. This album is now the property of Lil' Joe Records, who owns the pre-1996 Luke Records catalog.

</doc>
<doc id="20540061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540061" title="Pader, Uganda">
Pader, Uganda

Pader, is a town in Pader District, Northern Uganda. The town is administered by Pader Town Council, an Urban Local Government within Pader District Administration. It is the largest metropolitan area in Pader District and the district headquarters are located there. The district was named after the town.
Location.
Pader is bordered by Pajule to the north, Parabong to the northeast, Lira Palwo to the east, Puranga to the south, and Awere to the west. The town is located approximately
, by road, south of Kitgum, the nearest large town. This location lies approximately , by road, east of Gulu, the largest city in Northern Uganda. The coordinates of the town are:02 46 30N, 33 00 00E (Latitude:2.7750; Longitude:33.0000).
Overview.
The town of Pader sprang up in 2000, the same year that Pader District was formed. Soon, the town became a center of foreign relief agencies attempting to assist the civilian population affected by the War in Northern Uganda. While over US$1 billion has been poured into this effort, there is little to show for it because of corruption, poor planning, poor implementation, poor follow up, poor management, lack of accountability and a hands-off approach by many of the donor agencies.
Demographics.
The 2002 national census estimated the population of the town at 8,678 and the Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS), estimated the town's population at 11,600 in 2008. In 2011, UBOS estimated the mid-year population of Pader at 13,500.
Landmarks.
The following landmarks are located within or near the town of Pader:

</doc>
<doc id="20540063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540063" title="Alysha Castonguay">
Alysha Castonguay

Alysha Castonguay (born February 26, 1987) is a beauty pageant contestant from Woonsocket, Rhode Island who competed in the Miss USA pageant in 2009. She also competed in the Miss Teen USA pageant in 2002.
Castonguay was the Miss Rhode Island USA 2009 delegate and was previously Miss Rhode Island Teen USA 2002, placing as in the top ten at the Miss Teen USA 2002 pageant. She has also held the Miss Teen America 2003 and Miss Teen Galaxy 2005 titles. 
Castonguay was a New England Patriots Cheerleader for 2 seasons, from 2006-2008.
Early life.
Alysha Castonguay is the daughter of James and Dawn Castonguay. The oldest of three siblings, Castonguay has a younger sister Jennifer, and a younger brother James.
Castonguay graduated from Woonsocket High School with honors in 2005, excelling in theatre arts, gymnastics, and cheerleading. Castonguay attended University of Rhode Island from 2005–2006, majoring in elementary education. She was a cheerleader for the University's Rams football and basketball teams. After completing one semester she left to pursue cheerleading at a professional level.
Pageants.
Castonguay won the Miss Jnr Teen America title in 2000. In 2001 she won the Miss Rhode Island Teen USA 2002 title. At fourteen, she was one of the youngest winners of that title. The following year she competed in the Miss Teen USA 2002 pageant and placed in the top ten, the first placement for a teenager from Rhode Island in ten years.
The following year she won the Miss Teen America title and was crowned by outgoing titleholder Lacey Minchew. She also won the Miss Teen Galaxy title in 2005 and in 2008 competed for and won the Miss Rhode Island USA 2009 title. This was the first time that three successive Miss Teen USA state titleholders (Amy Diaz, Miss Rhode Island Teen USA 2001, and Castonguay and now Primavera) had won successive Miss USA state titles. In 2009 Castonguay crowned Kristina Primavera who succeeded her in 2003 as Miss Rhode Island Teen USA 2003, continuing the trend of repeated successive crownings.
Castonguay represented Rhode Island at the Miss USA 2009 pageant in Las Vegas, Nevada on April 19, 2009 where she competed against her Miss Teen America predecessor Lacey Minchew (now Miss Louisiana USA 2009) and fifty other delegates.
Patriots Cheerleader.
In Spring of 2006 Castonguay auditioned for and was selected to be part of the 24 member New England Patriots Cheerleaders. She was a member of the team for two seasons. During that time, she traveled around New England making appearances for charitable causes and corporate events. Castonguay was one of six Patriots cheerleaders that traveled overseas on the OSG (Operation Season's Greetings) Tour to entertain and meet U.S. Military troops stationed in England, Germany, Iraq and Turkey. For the 2008 edition of the Patriots Cheerleader Swimsuit calendar, Castonguay was on the cover with teammate Meghan White. In 2008 she was also featured in Maxim Magazine with two teammates, as well as Muscle and Fitness magazine with three other teammates.
Personal life.
In her free time, her hobbies and interests include singing, spending time with her family and two dogs, and watching her brother play baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="20540088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540088" title="2008 Chick-fil-A Bowl">
2008 Chick-fil-A Bowl

The 2008 Chick-fil-A Bowl was the 41st annual edition of the Chick-fil-A Bowl, formerly known as the Peach Bowl and the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl. It pitted the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets against the Louisiana State Tigers in a postseason American college football game in Atlanta, Georgia. Georgia Tech represented the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and their competitor was from the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The game was the final competition of the 2008 football season for each team. The game payout was a combined $6.01 million, the sixth-largest among all college football bowl games and the third-largest non-BCS bowl game payout.
Selection process.
Beginning with the 2006 game, the Chick-fil-A Bowl had purchased the right to select the highest-ranked Atlantic Coast Conference team after representatives from the Bowl Championship Series made their selection. According to the official selection rules still used today, the team chosen to represent the ACC must be within one conference victory of the remaining, highest-ranked conference team or be ranked more than five spaces ahead of the ACC team with the best Conference record available in the final BCS Standings.
In choosing the SEC opponent, the Chick-fil-A Bowl selection committee has the right to select the first SEC school after the Bowl Championship Series, Cotton Bowl Classic, Capital One Bowl, and Outback Bowl make their selections. Just as in the ACC, the selection committee cannot select an SEC team with two fewer losses than the highest available team. The bowl earned the right to select these teams via its multi-million-dollar payout system, which guarantees a certain amount of money to the participating conferences. Prior to 2006, the Chick-fil-A Bowl (then known as the Peach Bowl) matched the No. 5 team in the SEC versus the No. 3 team in the ACC. After the bowl increased its payout to $2.8 million per squad, it then was given the second pick from the ACC, with the Gator Bowl dropping to third.
Pre-game buildup.
On December 3, 2008, Chick-fil-A Bowl representatives selected Georgia Tech to represent the ACC in the 2008 Chick-fil-A Bowl. Georgia Tech sold out its allotment of 17,500 tickets in less than four business days leaving the Chick-fil-a bowl with only 1,000 tickets remaining. The SEC representative for the bowl, LSU, was announced on Sunday, December 7, 2008. The Chick-fil-A bowl sold all available tickets to the game, making it the 12th consecutive sellout in the combined history of the Peach and Chick-fil-A Bowls.
Television coverage.
ESPN broadcast the game for the 13th straight year.

</doc>
<doc id="20540092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540092" title="Sales journal">
Sales journal

A sales journal is a specialized accounting journal used in an accounting system to keep track of the sales of items that customers have purchased on account by charging a receivable on the debit side of an accounts receivable account and crediting revenue on the credit side. It differs from the cash receipts journal in that the latter will serve to book sales when cash is received.

</doc>
<doc id="20540105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540105" title="List of tallest buildings in Wuhan">
List of tallest buildings in Wuhan

This list of tallest buildings in Wuhan ranks skyscrapers in Wuhan, Hubei, China by height. The tallest building in Wuhan is currently the Minsheng Bank Building, which rises 331 m (1085 feet) with spire and 289m (948 feet)when spire removed.
Wuhan is the largest city in Hubei Province, and also the largest in Central China. It has a population of approximately 9,100,000 people (2006), with about 6,100,000 residents in its urban area. 
Wuhan is recognized as the political, economic, financial, cultural, educational and transportation center of central China, with 6 buildings with a height more than 200m, Wuhan ranks the 11th best skyline city of china and 34th in the world. 
Tallest buildings.
This lists ranks Wuhan skyscrapers that stand at least 150 m (492 feet) tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts. Existing structures are included for ranking purposes based on present height. All the structures in this list has been topped, but some may not be ready to use.
Tallest under construction, approved, and proposed.
Under construction.
This lists buildings that are under construction in Wuhan and are planned to rise at least 150 m (492 feet). Buildings that have already been topped out are not included.
Proposed.
This lists buildings that are proposed for construction in Wuhan and are planned to rise at least 150 m (492 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20540114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540114" title="USCGC Chincoteague (1919)">
USCGC Chincoteague (1919)

The first USCGC "Chincoteague" was a United States Coast Guard armed tug in service from 1919 to 1923.
"Chincoteague" was built at Annapolis, Maryland, as part of a class of United States Navy tugs intended for service in World War I. Completed after the end of hostilities, she was turned over to the Coast Guard on 14 November 1919.
"Chincoteague" was first based at Norfolk, Virginia, then moved to Baltimore, Maryland. She was decommissioned at Baltimore on 1 January 1923 and sold on 20 March 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20540115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540115" title="The Summer Set">
The Summer Set

The Summer Set are an American pop rock band from Scottsdale, Arizona. The band currently consists of vocalist Brian Dales, guitarist, backing vocalist and pianist John Gomez, bassist Stephen Gomez, guitarist Josh Montgomery and drummer Jess Bowen.
History.
After a few years of playing music together, Jess Bowen and brothers John and Stephen Gomez, set out in the fall of 2007 to form The Summer Set with newfound vocalist Brian Dales. Jess, John, and Stephen played in a previous band called Last Call For Camden with Kennedy Brock (The Maine) and guitarist Weston Michl. LCFC had released one CD entitled "Keep Your Feet On the Ground" before breaking up. The Summer Set self-released their first EP, "Love The Love You Have," in November 2007. 
The band signed a record deal with The Militia Group in April 2008. The band then set out to record their debut EP entitled "...In Color " was released on iTunes June 24 and was reviewed on several music websites. They recorded a pop punk version of Usher's hit song "Love in This Club". They released the song for download on their Buzznet page. The band released their third EP "Meet Me on the Left Coast" in December 2008, with two new tracks. It also featured "Love in This Club" as an iTunes bonus track.
The band's debut album and first full-length record, "Love Like This", was released October 13, 2009. The band appeared on the "Punk Goes Classic Rock" CD released by Fearless Records, covering "I Wanna Rock and Roll All Nite" by Kiss. They re-released their debut album "Love Like This", titled "Love Like Swift", on July 6, 2010, featuring five new Taylor Swift cover songs. The band played the entire Warped Tour 2010 on the Glamour Kills Stage. They, also, played on the Dirty Work Tour along with All Time Low, Yellowcard, and Hey Monday.
On the April 5, 2011 episode of "Dancing with the Stars", actress Chelsea Kane and partner Mark Ballas danced a Cha-Cha-Cha set to The Summer Set's "Chelsea". In a behind-the-scenes package shown prior to the dance, Kane revealed that the song was written for her by Brian Dales, whom she had been in a relationship with at the time.
"Everything's Fine".
"Everything's Fine" is The Summer Set's second full length album, released on July 19, 2011 through Razor & Tie.
For the record, the group spent some time songwriting with Paul Doucette of Matchbox 20 and Mike Daly of Whiskeytown in Nashville, and recording with veteran producer John Fields, whose work stretches from the likes of Har Mar Superstar to Paul Westerberg to Andrew W.K. “He pushed us hard, and he brought so much in us,” says the singer. “We had some early demos that sounded like our last record, but when we were done, everything sounded so new and different.”
"Everything’s Fine" presents a more nuanced story of The Summer Set. Even the sad face on the album’s cover is a hint that there are several new sides to the group. “The title is a bit sarcastic,” admits Gomez. “Our first record was just one emotion. Everything’s Fine is yin and yang. We’ve had some ups and downs recently, some breakups, some general trials and tribulations. This is a record that says we’re young, but growing up and experiencing new things. So in a way, it’s optimistic, too." 
On May 6, the band launched a crowd-sourced lyric video for "Someone Like You". The video featured live video taken by fans of the band during the Dirty Work Tour with All Time Low.
On June 6, The Summer Set launched a poll through their MySpace page, asking fans to pick the next song they would reveal from the album. Songs included "Thick As Thieves", "Back To Start" and "When We Were Young". "When We Were Young" was revealed as the winner after one week of voting.
"Legendary".
The Summer Set released their third studio album, Legendary, on April 16, 2013 through new record label Fearless Records. The lead single, Boomerang was released in March, and the accompanying music video was released in June. The band played the entire Warped Tour. They are now set to play the iHeartRadio Music Festival this September in Las Vegas. They won a spot after being named the winner of Macy's iHeartRadio Rising Star Contest.
Tours.
In 2009, the band opened up Alternative Press's AP Tour, hitting the road with bands such as The Cab, Never Shout Never, Hey Monday and Every Avenue. Following the AP Tour, the band headed out on the road with Cartel. In 2010, the band went on to play several festivals including The Bamboozle festival and the Vans Warped Tour. The band participated in the free OurZone Magazine Tour, which was seven dates in the UK during May 2011. They were also part of the Dirty Work Tour including All Time Low, Yellowcard and Hey Monday. The tour began in March 2011 and ran through May 2011, covering most of the US. In 2013, the Summer Set performed on the Vans Warped Tour 2013 on the Kia Forte Stage and Tilly's Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20540128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540128" title="Akram Shammaa">
Akram Shammaa

Prince Akram Shammaa Al Zengi (Mohammad Akram Bin Mostafa Bin Mohammad Shammaa Al Zengi III; Arabic: محمد اكرم شماع بن مصطفى بن محمد شماع الزنكي born 8 August 1930) is a Prince of Al Zengid Dynasty. A Politician, a lawyer and a real estate investor. He is a descendent of the Zengid Dynasty That ruled Syria and Parts of Iraq between 1127 and 1234 
Early life.
Prince Akram was the second son of Mostafa Shammaa Al Zengi the 4th son Prince Mohammad Shammaa Al Zengi III. Prince Akram began his schooling at The Islamic college before going to the law school at University of Damascus, he graduated in 1964.
Prince Akram was an activist in the civil rights movement and an opposition leader. He opposed the Military regimes that stamped the era of the Syrian history between 1950's and 1970s including Adib al-Shishakli, Husni al-Za'im and Hafez al-Assad.
Career.
He worked as a lawyer between 1964 and 1967 when he was banned from practicing law after suing the Syrian government for seizing the family assets in 1947.
Between 1971 and 1982 he worked in the textile industry in Lebanon. Afterwards he was allowed to return to Syria and since then he is working as an investor in the real estate field.
Political career.
In 1953 he organized and led the protests against President Adib al-Shishakli.
In 1967 after the family negotiations collapsed with the Syrian government, Prince Akram filed many cases against the Syrian government dominated by Al Baath party and its prime minister Yusuf Zuaiyin, for ceasing the family assets and feudal properties that were loaned to the Islamic endowment (الاوقاف) since 1856; later on the case expanded to include suing the totalitarian government for corruption, dictatorship and extortion of Syrian citizens, he was kidnapped by the Syrian intelligence system mukhabarat and according to his own memos he was demanded to drop the cases and end the protests and in exchange for his silence and cooperation he was offered a position as a Mayor of Aleppo or the Ministry of Justice in the government. When he refused he was tortured, expelled from the Syrian bar association and exiled to Lebanon.
In Lebanon he continued to be an activist in the political field and in 1971 He played a pivotal role in the preparation of the bloodless coup d'état (Corrective Revolution) bringing Hafez al-Assad to power. It was directed against a dominant ultra-leftwing faction of the party, and to some extent provoked by what Assad and his supporters saw as adventureous and irresponsible foreign policies (notably the Syrian intervention in the Black September conflict in Jordan, after which the Black September Palestinian faction was named). As a result of the coup, de facto leader Salah Jadid was ousted and the party was purged. 
Later, He clashed with the president's brother Rifaat al-Assad who was the head of the elite internal security forces and the 'Defence Companies' (Saraya al-Difaa) because according to him they exploited the revolution and not only it didn't lead to the elimination of the dictatorial government shaped by years of unstable military rule, and lately organized along one-party lines after the Baathist coup. But also enabled Hafez al-Assad and his surrounding elite to increase repression and secure domination of every sector of society through a vast web of police informers and agents. Under his rule, Syria turned genuinely authoritarian. He stayed in Lebanon until 1982 when the Lebanese civil war broke; he was allowed to return to Syria but was banned of practicing any political or judicial activities.
Marriage and Family.
In 1967 he got married to Maysa Morjan. They have 1 son and 2 daughters. His son is Prince Riam Shammaa Al Zengi.
Ancestry.
Via his Paternal grandfather, Prince Akram is descended from Prince Imad ad-Din Atabeg Zengi, Nur ad-Din Zengi, As-Salih Ismail al-Malik and Imad ad-Din Zengi II.

</doc>
<doc id="20540135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540135" title="Danny Lazar">
Danny Lazar

John Daniel Lazar is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in parts of two seasons, and , for the Chicago White Sox. An alum of Indiana State University, Lazar was elected to the ISU Hall of Fame in 2008 and inducted in 2009.
He was a 2x All-ICC pitcher for the Sycamores; he led them in strikeouts and wins from 1963-65, he continues to hold the strikeouts_single-game record at 16.

</doc>
<doc id="20540183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540183" title="An Iron Rose">
An Iron Rose

An Iron Rose (1998) is a novel by Australian author Peter Temple. 
Dedication.
"For Josephine Margaret Temple and Alexander Royden Harold Wakefield Temple : first and best influences."

</doc>
<doc id="20540197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540197" title="Jerry Robertson">
Jerry Robertson

Jerry Robertson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20540199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540199" title="Melodeers Chorus">
Melodeers Chorus

The Melodeers are an all-female, a cappella chorus based in the metropolitan Chicago area.
History.
Founded in 1960 in Deerfield, Illinois, the Melodeers Chorus is an a cappella chorus of female singers who sing in the barbershop style. Based in Northbrook, Illinois, they are the six-time International Champion Chorus of Sweet Adelines International, the world’s largest singing organization for women, with over 25,000 members worldwide. More than 600 choruses compete each year in regional contests to qualify for the international contest to determine the International Champion Chorus.
The Melodeers have won the championship title for the years 2011, 2009, 2004, 2001, 1998, and 1995. Choruses placing first in the international contest are required to sit out regional qualifying contests for two years after winning. The Melodeers earned their current title at a contest held in Honolulu, Hawaii, where they scored a record 3,023 points.
The chorus is made up of approximately 130 singers, ranging in age from 16 to 80. Members hail not only from the Chicago metropolitan area, but from downstate Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Members—homemakers, business owners, attorneys, medical and health professionals, to name a few of their backgrounds—are united by their love of singing and a desire to learn more about vocal production, women’s barbershop singing, and showmanship.
Members of the chorus have given their talents to assist others in their musical education. Some members serve currently on the Sweet Adelines International Board of Directors, the International Faculty, the International Judging Program, and on the Management Team of the SAI Lake Michigan Region 3 board. Some members of the chorus also sing in quartets, four of which—Jubilation, the Melo-Edge, Chicago Fire, and the Four Bettys—were named Sweet Adelines International Champion Quartets.
The Melodeers have been the recipients of grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, the Illinois Arts Council and the Young Singers Foundation, official charity of Sweet Adelines International.

</doc>
<doc id="20540235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540235" title="Thermal stability">
Thermal stability

Thermal stability is the stability of a molecule at high temperatures; i.e. a molecule with more stability has more resistance to decomposition at high temperatures.
Thermal stability also describes, as defined by Schmidt (1928), the stability of a water body and its resistance to mixing. This is the amount of work needed to transform the water body (e.g. a lake) to a uniform water density. The Schmidt stability 'S' is commonly measured in Joule per square meter or g*cm/cm. Compare Stratification.

</doc>
<doc id="20540240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540240" title="Martin Luther, Heretic (1983 film)">
Martin Luther, Heretic (1983 film)

Martin Luther, Heretic was a film made in 1983 to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther. It was released on November 8, 1983 in the United Kingdom, two days before the 500th jubilee on November 10. It starred Jonathan Pryce as Martin Luther. Maurice Denham reprised his role of Johann von Staupitz that he played in the 1973 American Film Theater film "Luther". The time frame of the film is 1506-1522: the beginning of Luther's monastic vocation to his return from exile at the Wartburg in 1522. A medieval dramatic troupe's performances of mystery plays provide the unifying motif for a parallel telling of the story of the film. When Luther's carriage en route from the Wartburg to Wittenberg it is shown passing an actor wearing a devil's mask. When this scene is revisited at the end of the film, the actor slips this mask off his face.

</doc>
<doc id="20540242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540242" title="Syndal High School">
Syndal High School

Syndal High School (also known as Syndal Secondary School) was a public secondary school located in Glen Waverley, Victoria, Australia.
History.
With rapid postwar population growth to the east of Melbourne, various State and Federal Governments recognised the need to provide suitable educational facilities. Many of these suburbs provided affordable accommodation and were thus popular with returning World War II servicemen. In Syndal, housing was often on subdivided farmland and relatively cheap. Many new residents were also immigrants displaced by the War in Europe. From 1947 the Shire's population grew by 2000 a year to 1954, and then by 3000 a year to reach just under 45,000 in 1961, the year that Mulgrave became the City of Waverley (Monash since 1995).
It was quickly realised that the children of these servicemen, generally now referred to as Baby-Boomers or Generation X-ers, would need suitable government-funded Primary and Secondary educational facilities. Syndal High School was opened in 1967.
Architecture.
The school buildings at Syndal were the 'C-800' style, popular in Victoria through the late 1960s and early 1970s (surviving examples of this style can be found at Westernport Secondary College and the Banksia campus of Keysborough Secondary College). The design consists of a rectangular compound formed from inward-facing classrooms, this compound enclosing a pair of hexagonal-shaped buildings, one a library, and the other a flexible-use cluster of classrooms with an internal hexagonal, highly functional drama room in the centre of the cluster. The latter 'hexagon' was designed to enable internal walls to be temporarily reconfigured, allowing for team-teaching of larger groups, or other collaborative activities. This functionality has now been reproduced in Glen Waverley Secondary College's Middle School Building, where the reconfigurable classroom design supports Enquiry Learning pedagogies.
Decline and closure.
In the late 1980s under the 'District Provision' (a program that tied funding to enrolment numbers and forced schools to compete with nearby schools to survive), Victorian State Premier Joan Kirner’s rationale was that small schools were unable to offer an adequate curriculum. Subsequently, the new Liberal government of Premier Jeff Kennett from 1992 accelerated Kirner's program through a 'Quality Provision'. This delivered $350 million in savings to the education budget but closed 350 schools and removed 9,000 teachers. Syndal High School was one of those closed. 
The following extract from the Monash City Council explains the reasoning behind the closure of Syndal High School and others:
Just as new schools are characteristic of new suburbs, so the closing of schools is characteristic of ageing suburbs. By the 1990s the children born in Waverley in the boom years of growth were long grown and most had left the area to form households of their own. Declining numbers of children meant a reduced need for schools. This pattern of the ageing of the suburb was compounded by the fall in the birth rate compared to the baby boom of the postwar years. Schools closed and in a number of cases the sites were sold for housing, particularly medium density housing. They became part of a general pattern in the late 1980s and 1990s where surplus government land from a number of uses was sold. The overall impact was generally to increase the density of housing in the older areas of the City of Monash.
Consequently, Syndal High School continued to operate in 1995 and the first semester of 1996 as a junior campus (years 7 and 8) of Glen Waverley Secondary College prior to closure, to allow for the completion of extensive building works at Glen Waverley's now only campus. The majority of the facilities were demolished and replaced with new streets (Chesterville Rd, Kwinana Street, Knightsbridge, Epworth, Ingliss and Secomb Courts) and housing. 
Students and staff from Syndal Secondary School along with those from what was the Lawrence Secondary College (a 'Technical School') were transferred to the now much larger Glen Waverley Secondary College.
All that remains of the school is what was once the main hall. The W.M. Zimmer Hall is a community facility named after a long-serving school Principal. The hall now resides in the grounds of Glendal Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="20540280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540280" title="Gary Geddes">
Gary Geddes

Gary Geddes (born 9 Jun 1940 Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian poet and writer.
Biography.
He spent four years of his childhood on the Canadian prairies, but otherwise remained on the west coast until 1963, where he got his Bachelor’s Degree in English and Philosophy at the University of British Columbia. Geddes received his M.A. and Ph.D. in English at the University of Toronto. He taught English and Creative Writing at Concordia University for twenty years (1978–1998). Then he returned to the west coast, where he was appointed Distinguished Professor of Canadian Culture at Western Washington University (1998–2001). He has also taught English at the British Columbia Institute of Technology and the University of Victoria, as well as serving as a writer-in-residence at Green College (UBC) and the Vancouver Public Library. In 2007 he received an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Royal Roads University.
Geddes has written and edited over thirty-five books, including seventeen books of poetry, as well as fiction, non-fiction, drama, translation, criticism and anthologies. His work has been translated into five languages. Before embarking on his literary career, he worked as a gillnet fisherman, loaded boxcars at BC Sugar Refinery, stocked shelves at Woodwards, worked as a fishing guide and drove a water-taxi. Geddes is known as one of Canada’s best political poets, having been singled out for this honour by literary critic George Woodcock in the late 1960s, whose claim graced the back cover of many of Geddes' books. Geddes has explored human rights issues in places such as Chile during its dictatorship, in Nicaragua during its civil war, and in Palestine and Israel after the Oslo peace accord. Currently he lives on Vancouver Island, dividing his time between Victoria and French Beach.
Literature and the Environment.
Gary Geddes is most known for being a political and humanist poet, but his writing is also deeply rooted in place. Although he cannot be defined as an environmental writer or nature writer, early books such as "Snakeroot" (1973) and more recent work such as "Sailing Home: A Journey through Time, Place & Memory" (2001) are based around a specific place and explore the human relationship with that environment. Geddes’s relationship to the environment seems to be strongly nostalgic: "Sailing Home" is a memoir of his personal search for a place which may no longer exist, or may have changed beyond recognition, and "Snakeroot" also involves revisiting a landscape which is no longer home.
Geddes approaches the environment with an attitude that ranges from confrontational to appreciative. In the poem “ladder grass” (from "Snakeroot") he reveals the appreciative side: “The ladder grass/ at my feet is unique, splendid,” and in “snakeroot” he says, “The road to hell is paved.” However, these lines co-exist in the book that contains the poem “blood and feathers,” which is far more confrontational towards nature, especially in the opening lines “I refuse to be seasonal, stirred/ to a frenzy by a planet’s turning. Let the dead rocks and dying grasses/ speak for themselves, or be dumb.” Whether confrontational or appreciative, though, Geddes' responses to the environment seem based in a strong attachment to the places he has lived, and in an undeniable connection between human beings and their surroundings.
Bibliography.
Poetry
Fiction
Non-Fiction
Drama
Translation
Criticism
Anthologies
References.
1. Geddes, Gary. "Falsework." Fredericton : Goose Lane Editions, 2007.
2. Geddes, Gary. "Snakeroot". Vancouver : Talonbooks, 1973.
3. Geddes, Gary. "Skaldance." Fredericton : Goose Lane Editions, 2004.
4. CBC. (2008-04-19) “Poet Gary Geddes gets B.C. literary prize”. cbc.ca (retrieved 2008-12-01)
5. Royal Roads University. (2007) “Citation for Gary Geddes, honorary degree recipient”. 
Citation for Gary Geddes (retrieved 2008-12-01)
6. University of Toronto. (2008-11-11). “Gary Geddes”. Gary Geddes (retrieved 2008-12-01)

</doc>
<doc id="20540283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540283" title="Singapore-Delft Water Alliance">
Singapore-Delft Water Alliance

Singapore-Delft Water Alliance (SDWA) is a multi-national, Interdisciplinary research Centre of Excellence for Water Knowledge involving PUB (Singapore), National University of Singapore and WL | Delft Hydraulics (The Netherlands), established through an initiative of the National Research Foundation in Singapore. SDWA is hosted by National University of Singapore and provides research home to scientists and engineers from all partner organizations.
History.
As part of Singapore's push to be a Global Hydrohub, a memorandum of understanding was signed in 2006 between NUS, PUB and Delft Hydraulics to create a center of excellence for water knowledge at NUS . This MoU resulted in the creation of SDWA which was officially launched on Feb. 2007. Since its inception, SDWA has already started work on 8 research projects with more in the pipeline.
Currently SDWA is led by Assoc. Prof. Vladan Babovic as the Director.
Research Focus.
SDWA's research focus lies within the following six disciplines:
Projects.
SDWA's research projects are interdisciplinary. 
The major ongoing research projects are:
Education.
SDWA considers that strong research capabilities and activities are essential to education and training. As such students and course participants are exposed to mature reflections on the results generated through the research projects in which SDWA members are involved, and also to results from research done elsewhere.
As part of this approach SDWA is spearheading a new double M.Sc. degree program in Hydraulic Engineering and Water Resources Management in collaboration between the National University of Singapore and the Delft University of Technology. The programme is based on an institutionally innovative concept under which students spend one year of study in both Singapore and The Netherlands and receive separate M.Sc. degrees from both Universities. 
The inaugural intake for this double M.Sc. degree program started in August 2009.
Details are available for students interested in registering NUS or TU Delft as their home universities.

</doc>
<doc id="20540284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540284" title="Supreme Economic Council">
Supreme Economic Council

The Supreme Economic Council was established at the Paris Peace Conference in February 1919 to advise the conference on economic measures to be taken pending the negotiation of peace. Specialized commissions were appointed to study particular problems: the organization of a League of Nations and the drafting of its Covenant; and the determination of responsibility for the war and guarantees.
The Council combined the roles of the Allied Maritime Transport Council, the Inter-Allied Food Council, the Supreme Council of Supply and Relief and the Superior Blockade Council.
References.
http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/574865/Supreme-Economic-Council

</doc>
<doc id="20540324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540324" title="Ivan Iskra">
Ivan Iskra

Ivan Ivanovych Iskra () (died July, 14, 1708) was a colonel of the Poltava (1696–1703). Iskra belonged to the anti-Hetmanate coalition led by Vasily Kochubey. In late 1707, Kochubey and Iskra delivered a letter to the Tsar's court that accused Ivan Mazepa of initiating talks with Stanislaus Leszczynski of Poland and Charles XII of Sweden.
Peter I did not believe the letter and beheaded them both. Later when the Tsar realized that they were correct, they were reburied near the Refectory Church in Kiev Pechersk Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="20540328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540328" title="Capital Purchase Program">
Capital Purchase Program

The Capital Purchase Program or CPP is a preferred stock and equity warrant purchase program conducted by the US Treasury's Office of Financial Stability as part of Troubled Assets Relief Program (aka, TARP). According to the first congressionally mandated oversight report published by GAO, "primary focus was expected to be the purchase of mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and whole loans... [but within 2 weeks of enactment... the Treasury announced that it would make $250 billion of the $700 billion available to U.S. financial institutions through purchases of preferred stock." Because preferred stock is similar to debt in that it gets paid before common stock, some economists have questioned whether the buying of preferred stock by the CPP will be effective in getting banks to lend. Other economist have argued that the capital purchases represent a taxpayer subsidy of unsecured creditors. A review of investor presentations and conference calls by executives of some two dozen US-based banks by the New York Times found that "few cited lending as a priority. An overwhelming majority saw the bailout program as a no-strings-attached windfall that could be used to pay down debt, acquire other businesses or invest for the future." In a letter to Congress the Director-designate of the National Economic Council Larry Summers said that the Obama administration would place tighter controls on how CPP funds could be used. In particular, the second $350 billion would include restrictions on the payment of common stock dividends and executive compensation. Professor Summers also promised greater disclosure and more attempts to tie the funds to foreclosure mitigation efforts.
On January 16, 2009 the Congressional Budget Office estimated that of the first $247 billion of securities purchased represented 26 percent ($64 billion) subsidy to the banks receiving funds. In his speech on February 10, 2009, the new Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner announced the Capital Assistance Program. This signaled an end to the capital purchase program.
A Government Accountability Office (GAO) report from March 2012 gave further details, stating "As of January 31, 2012, the Department of the Treasury (Treasury) had received $211.5 billion from its CPP investments, exceeding the $204.9 billion it had disbursed. Of that amount, $16.7 billion remains outstanding, and most of these investments were concentrated in a relatively small number of institutions. In particular, as of January 31, 2012, 25 institutions accounted for $11.2 billion, or 67 percent, of outstanding investments. As of November 30, 2011, Treasury estimated that CPP would have a lifetime income of $13.5 billion after all institutions exited the program."
Warrants.
By March 31, 2009 four banks out of over five hundred had returned their preferred stock obligations. None of the publicly traded banks had yet bought back their warrants owned by the U.S. Treasury by March 31, 2009. According to the terms of the U.S. Treasury's investment, the banks returning funds can either negotiate to buy back the warrants at fair market value, or the U.S. Treasury can sell the warrants to third party investors as soon as feasible. Warrants are call options that add to the number of shares of stock outstanding if they are exercised for a profit. The American Bankers Association (ABA) has lobbied congress to cancel the warrants owned by taxpayers. The call them an "onerous exit fee." Yet, if the Capital Purchase Program warrants of Goldman Sachs are representative, then the Capital Purchase Program warrants were worth between $5 billion and $24 billion as of May 1, 2009. Thus canceling the CPP warrants amounts to a $5-billion-to-$24-billion subsidy to the banking industry at taxpayers' expense. While the ABA wants the CPP warrants to be written off by taxpayers, Goldman Sachs does not hold that view. A representative of Goldman Sachs was quoted as saying "We think that taxpayers should expect a decent return on their investment and look forward to being able to provide just that when we are permitted to return the TARP money." 
First Eight financial institutions.
Eight financial institutions received funds on October 28, 2008. These are: 
Participants.
The following is a list of 42 other participants in the CPP through purchases made on 14 November 2008 and 21 November 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="20540345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540345" title="Masatake Okumiya">
Masatake Okumiya

Okumiya graduated from the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy and served as a naval aviator in the Imperial Japanese Navy. In 1937, he participated in the attack on the USS "Panay". Okumiya served throughout World War II, including on the aircraft carrier "Ryūjō" and with the 2nd Air Fleet of the Imperial Japanese Navy, finishing the war as a Commander. At the end of the war, Okumiya was interrogated by Allied intelligence officers.
Following the occupation of Japan, he continued serving in the Japan Air Self-Defense Force. 
Okumiya wrote extensively on Japan's role in World War II. He co-wrote with Mitsuo Fuchida "Midway: The Battle that Doomed Japan; the Japanese Navy's Story", published 1955. He also co-wrote, with Jiro Horikoshi and Martin Caidin, an historical account of the Mitsubishi A6M Zero, titled "Zero!" The book was published in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20540358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540358" title="Electoral district of Campbell Town">
Electoral district of Campbell Town

The Electoral district of Campbell Town was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the towns of Campbell Town and Ross in the Midlands region of Tasmania between Hobart and Launceston.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1903 election, when it was merged with neighbouring Oatlands and the northern part of Glamorgan into the new district of Cambria.

</doc>
<doc id="20540404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540404" title="The Guv'nor and Other Short Stories">
The Guv'nor and Other Short Stories

"The Guv'nor and Other Short Stories" (Collins,1932) is a short story compilation by the British crime writer Edgar Wallace. 
These are the final stories about Mr. J. G. Reeder, a police officer with "the mind of a criminal". 
They include
In America the book was published as "Mr. Reeder Returns" (The Crime Club, Doubleday, Doran, 1932) with the stories in a different order: 
"The Guv'nor", 
"The Man from Sing Sing", 
"The Treasure House", and 
"The Shadow Man". 
A later edition "Mr. J. G. Reeder Returns" contains only "The Treasure House" and "The Shadow Man".

</doc>
<doc id="20540434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540434" title="Agustín Fuentes">
Agustín Fuentes

Agustín Fuentes is an American primatologist and biological anthropologist whose work focuses largely on human and non-human primate interaction, pathogen transfer, communication, cooperation, and human social evolution.
Career.
Fuentes graduated from University of California, Berkeley with a B.A. in Anthropology and Zoology, as well as an M.A. and PhD in Anthropology, and has since been researching his main interests in the fields of biological anthropology and primatology. He is currently a professor in the Department of Anthropology at University of Notre Dame, as well as the director for their Institute for Scholarship in the Liberal Arts.
Work.
One of Dr. Fuentes' major impacts on the field of primatology has been his work on human and non-human primate interactions. He has worked extensively with populations of macaques in Bali and Gibraltar, where the monkeys are a large tourist attraction, focusing on the spread of diseases between humans and macaques.
He has also done extensive work in the area of human social evolution, particularly relating to the neurological aspects. Dr. Fuentes believes that increased social complexity was necessary for our interaction with the environment and within our own social groups. It is this increased complexity along with primate biology and a changing environment that he believes is responsible for the success of humans in terms of expansion beyond the limits of most animal species.

</doc>
<doc id="20540441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540441" title="Robert Hirsz">
Robert Hirsz

Robert Hirsz (born September 17, 1989 in Gdańsk) - polish footballer who began his career playing as a striker for Lechia Gdańsk. He is 185 cm and weighs 75 kg. He debuted for Lechia on April 15, 2006, and has played in 9 matches for Lechia.
He has represented the Polish U-19 National Team and was part of the team that finished in 2nd place in the international tournament in Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="20540445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540445" title="Bittium">
Bittium

Bittium is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiidae, the horn snails. 
Distribution.
This genus is found worldwide.
Species.
Species in the genus "Bittium" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20540466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540466" title="Code (audio standard)">
Code (audio standard)

Code or ΧΟΔΕ (also pronounced "code") is a brand name for the high-fidelity audio DVD-Video disc developed by Grammy Award-winning record producer T-Bone Burnett. The brand is meant to give listeners a comparable experience to hearing studio master recordings and to offer a higher resolution alternative to the smaller, lower quality MP3, the iTunes Store's AAC, and Compact Disc formats. A Code disc is a DVD-Video disc with standard 24-bit/96 kHz PCM audio, and is played from a DVD player or a DVD-ROM drive. The disc also includes files in 24-bit/96 kHz WAV, AAC, and MP3 formats for use on personal computers and portable media players. John Mellencamp's "Life, Death, Love and Freedom" was the first album released in the format on July 15, 2008. Elvis Costello has also expressed interest in releasing in the format. Will Dailey released his "Torrent, Volumes 1 & 2" in ΧΟΔΕ on June 9, 2009. The album is credited on its back cover as "ΧΟΔΕ certified by T Bone Burnett".

</doc>
<doc id="20540471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540471" title="Mei Ling">
Mei Ling

Mei Ling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20540477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540477" title="German submarine U-558">
German submarine U-558

The German submarine "U-558" was a Type VIIC U-boat in the service of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. She sank 19 merchant ships and military vessels totalling nearly 100,000 tons before being sunk by bombers in July 1943.
Construction and early service life.
"U-558" was laid down on 6 January 1940 at Blohm + Voss in Hamburg, Germany as 'werk' 534 and launched on 23 December 1940. She was commissioned on 20 February 1941, with "Oberleutnant zur See" Günther Krech in command.
Her service began with the 1st U-boat Flotilla where she conducted training before moving on to operations, also with the 1st flotilla, on 1 May 1941.
Operational career.
She was a member of nine wolf packs, although group 'Ziethen' is not on uboat.net's list. However, "U-558" is mentioned as part of 'Ziethen' in Michael Gannon's book "Operation Drumbeat" (on p. 200).
1st, 2nd and 3rd patrols.
"U-558" departed Kiel on 1 July 1941 and entered the Atlantic via the North Sea and the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands with no major encounters, arriving at her new home port of Brest in occupied France on the 28th.
Her second patrol was also relatively uneventful.
The submarine's third patrol, from 25 August to 16 September 1941, became interesting when she came upon the British Convoy OS 4 about 330 miles northwest of Fastnet Rock. She torpedoed and sank the "Otaio", a 10,300-ton cargo ship, on 28 August.
4th and 5th patrols.
Her fourth patrol, which began on 11 October 1941, first saw action off Ireland when she torpedoed and sank the unescorted "Vancouver Island", a Canadian merchant ship of 9,472 tons, on 15 October. Two days later on 17 October, "U-558" was involved in a devastating attack on Convoy SC 48 in the North Atlantic. During the battle, "U-558" sank three ships: the 9,552-ton British merchant steamer "W.C. Teagle", and the Norwegian merchant steamers "Erviken" (which broke in two and sank in three minutes) and "Rym", 6,595 and 1,369 tons respectively "U-558" took a hit from a depth charge dropped by a Catalina flying boat, but did not sustain serious damage and continued to shadow the convoy. She returned to Brest on 25 October 1941, having sunk four ships in the 15 days of her fourth patrol.
"U-558"'s fifth patrol began on 24 November 1941. On 2 December, a British aircraft spotted the U-boat attempting to enter the Mediterranean Sea and called for surface support. "U-558" took serious damage from depth charges dropped by the two ships that responded. She was able to escape, but had to return to Brest for repairs, arriving 7 December 1941 after only 14 days at sea, having had no success.
6th and 7th patrols.
"U-558" required significant repairs and remained in port until 10 February 1942, when she embarked on her sixth patrol. On 21 February Convoy ONS 67 was spotted, so she moved into position along with five other submarines. Eight of its ships were sunk by the U-boats, another two were left damaged. On 24 February, "U-558" torpedoed the 8,009-ton British tanker "Anadara", which escaped. That same day she also torpedoed and sank the 9,432-ton Norwegian tanker "Eidanger" and the 5,578-ton British steamer "Inverarder".""Inverarder"". Uboat.net. Retrieved 3 December 2008.</ref> She returned to Brest on 11 March 1942.
"U-558" departed Brest to begin her seventh patrol of the war on 12 April 1942 . On 12 May, she sank the 913-ton British armed trawler off the coast of Ocracoke Island, North Carolina, where the ship had been assisting the United States Navy with anti-submarine patrols. Six days later on 18 May, she sank the 1,254-ton Dutch steamer "Fauna". On 21 May she sank the 1,925-ton Canadian steamer "Troisdoc" in the Caribbean. Off Jamaica on 23 May, "U-558" torpedoed the 7,061-ton American merchant steamer "William Boyce Thompson", but the tanker used evasive maneuvers and reached the safety of Guantanamo Bay, Cuba for repairs. Still in the Caribbean on 25 May, "U-558" next attacked the 3,451-ton American merchant steamer "Beatrice". When her torpedo hit the ship but failed to detonate, "U-558" surfaced and trained her deck guns on the vessel, which was quickly ordered abandoned, and subsequently sunk. Remaining in the Caribbean, "U-558" next torpedoed and sank the 2,622-ton United States Army transport "Jack" on 27 May. Her last target during the patrol was the 2,078-ton Dutch steamer "Triton", which she shelled and sank on 2 June about 470 miles southeast of Bermuda. "U-558" returned to Brest to end her seventh patrol on 21 June 1942, having sunk six ships and damaged one.
8th, 9th and 10th patrols.
"U-558"'s eighth patrol began when she left Brest on 29 July 1942. On 25 August, she encountered the 1,987-ton British steamer "Amakura", which had been travelling with Convoy WAT 15 but had fallen behind. "U-558" torpedoed and sank her approximately 90 miles southeast of Port Morant, Jamaica. "U-558" encountered Convoy TAG 5 on 13 September; she torpedoed and sank the 7,241-ton British cargo ship "Empire Lugard" and the 7,915-ton Dutch steamer "Suriname".""Suriname"". Uboat.net. Retrieved 3 December 2008.</ref> The same day she also hit the convoy's 6,672-ton Norwegian tanker "Vilja", whose crew quickly abandoned ship but were able to reboard after "U-558" left the area. "Vilja" did not sink, but was later deemed a total loss. On 16 September "U-558" torpedoed and sank the 2,606-ton American steamer "Commercial Trader" about 75 miles east of Trinidad. "U-558" returned to port on 16 October, having sunk four ships and damaged a fifth.
"U-558" remained in port until the end of 1942, and embarked on her ninth war patrol on 9 January 1943. On 23 February, she torpedoed and sank the 9,811-ton British steam tanker "Empire Norseman" south of the Azores, which had been travelling with Convoy UC 1 but was drifting unmanned after being torpedoed by and . She found no other targets during her ninth patrol, which ended when she returned to Brest on 29 March 1943.
Her tenth—and ultimately last—patrol began on 8 May 1943. "U-558" ran into difficulty many times during this patrol. At one point, she manoeuvred to attack a large eastbound convoy, but a destroyer harried her into retreat. Off Lisbon on 14 July, a British Wellington bomber from No. 179 Squadron RAF dropped depth charges; "U-558" was not hit, and damaged the plane with anti-aircraft fire. Three days later off Porto on 17 July, a British Liberator from 224 Squadron dropped 24 35-pound anti-submarine bombs, but "U-558" was able to escape by crash-diving; the plane took damage from anti-aircraft fire and its own malfunctioning bombs.
Sinking.
In the Bay of Biscay on 20 July, an American Liberator from the 19th Bombardment Squadron, United States Army Air Forces, called the Sea Hawk dropped depth charges on "U-558"; the boat was undamaged, and returned fire, shooting down the bomber.
Later the same day, a second Liberator from the 19th Bombardment Squadron dropped depth charges on "U-558". The sub was severely damaged and unable to dive. The Liberator, her port inner engine taken out by "U-558"s anti-aircraft guns, left the scene and was relieved by a Halifax bomber from 58 Squadron, which finished off the sub with depth charges. Captain Krech and four of his crew were picked up on 24 July by the .

</doc>
<doc id="20540482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540482" title="Electoral district of Clarence (Tasmania)">
Electoral district of Clarence (Tasmania)

The Electoral district of Clarence was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the region across the Derwent River from Hobart in what is now the eastern suburbs, including Bellerive and Rokeby as well as the South Arm Peninsula.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1886 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20540497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540497" title="Meiling">
Meiling

Meiling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20540524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540524" title="Mohammad Shammaa Al Zengi III">
Mohammad Shammaa Al Zengi III

Prince Mohammad Shammaa Zengi III (Mohammad Bin Abdullah Bin Mohammad Zengi 1883 - 1954, Arabic: محمد بن عبد الله بن محمد شماع الزنكي ) he was one of the pillars in the Syrian textile industry; he opposed the Syrian government's decision in 1947 to cease the family assets and feudal properties that were loaned to the Islamic endowment (الاوقاف) since 1856. He was succeeded by Prince Akram Shammaa Zengi

</doc>
<doc id="20540526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540526" title="Electoral district of Cressy">
Electoral district of Cressy

The Electoral district of Cressy was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Cressy to the south west of Launceston. 
The seat was created ahead of the 1886 state election out of the eastern section of the abolished seat of Ringwood, and was abolished at the 1903 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20540528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540528" title="John E. Steele">
John E. Steele

John E. Steele (born 1949) is an American lawyer and judge. He currently serves on the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida.
Steele was born in Detroit. He received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Detroit in 1971 and his J.D. from the University of Detroit College of Law in 1973. 
Steele served as a law clerk to the Wayne County Prosecuting Attorney's Office in Detroit from 1972 to 1974. He was assistant prosecuting attorney in the Wayne County Prosecuting Attorney's Office from 1974 to 1977 and assistant prosecuting attorney in the Ingham County Prosecutor's Office in Kalamazoo, Michigan from 1977 to 1980. Steele served as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Michigan from 1980 to 1981. He relocated to Florida and was Assistant U.S. Attorney in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida from 1981 to 1988.
Steele was in private practice from 1988 to 1991. He served as a United States magistrate judge on the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida from 1991 to 2000 and was an adjunct professor at Florida Coastal School of Law from 1999 to 2000. President Bill Clinton nominated Steele to the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida on June 6, 2000, to a new seat created by 113 Stat. 1501. Confirmed by the Senate on July 21, 2000, he received commission on July 26, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20540531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540531" title="Pontus Segerström">
Pontus Segerström

Pontus Segerström (born February 17, 1981) is a Swedish footballer currently playing for IF Brommapojkarna.

</doc>
<doc id="20540553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540553" title="March in March">
March in March

March in March is the name chosen for a series of marches which will be held around Australia on 15–16 March 2014, and in Canberra, the national capital, on 17 March 2014, a parliamentary sitting day. 
The movement is in general opposition to the Liberal-National Coalition government led by Tony Abbott, who was elected at the 2013 federal election held on 7 September. It has mostly been organised on Facebook and on its own website, and claims to have 20,000 active supporters.
March in March began as a proposed grass roots campaign organised by the Digital Liberty Coalition as a direct action against Internet censorship in Australia. The campaign began in November 2008 when a flash protest was called by numerous Internet users in Australia. A coalition of digital rights and civil rights activists came together to orchestrate a nation-wide rally. From there the DLC's grassroots campaign spread to the media.

</doc>
<doc id="20540565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540565" title="4th Regiment South Carolina Cavalry">
4th Regiment South Carolina Cavalry

The 4th South Carolina Cavalry Regiment was a regiment of cavalry in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. They were from the state of South Carolina and served primarily in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War. The 4th South Carolina Cavalry Regiment was organized on December 16, 1862, by consolidating the 10th Battalion South Carolina Cavalry and the 12th Battalion South Carolina Cavalry. The 10th Cavalry Battalion (also called the 3rd Battalion) was organized in the spring of 1862 with five companies, and Major James P. Adams and Major William Stokes were the commanding officers. The 12th Cavalry Battalion had also been known as the 4th Cavalry Battalion.
Organization and history.
When it was first formed, the 4th South Carolina Cavalry Regiment was commanded by Colonel B. Huger Rutledge and served in the 1st Military District of South Carolina, commanded by Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley. The 1st Military District was in the Department of South Carolina, Georgia and Florida, under the command of General P. G. T. Beauregard. The 4th SC Cavalry served here from December 1862 until it was transferred to the Army of Northern Virginia in March 1864.
With 1,350 officers and men, the regiment was attached to the brigade known as Butler's Brigade under the command of Brigadier General Matthew Butler, which served under Major General Hampton's Division of cavalry, in the Cavalry Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.
In January 1865 the 4th SC Cavalry and all of Hampton's Division were detached from the Army of Northern Virginia and transferred south, by railroad, to the Department of Tennessee and Georgia, commanded by Lieutenant General William J. Hardee, and was under the Cavalry Command of Lieutenant General Hampton. Following the fall of Columbia, South Carolina, the unit, along with the entire Cavalry Command were transferred to the Army of Tennessee under General Joseph E. Johnston, where they fought final actions in the Campaign of the Carolinas through the spring of 1865, surrendering with the Army of the Tennessee with less than 200 men.
CORRECTION TO PRECEDING. Per the book Saddle Soldiers, the Correspondence of General William Stokes (Commander of the 4th) by Lloyd Halliburton the 4th SC Cavalry did not surrender. The General's own words were "not desiring to go through the formality of surrendering the Regiment which I commanded, I ordered the camp struck at 8:30 P.M. and marched toward Asheboro, NC...At this place I disbanded the Regiment and sent them home." <Saddle Soldiers by Halliburton, p 199> On the morning of 27 April General Stokes awoke to find the teamsters had disappeared with the mule team of the headquarters wagon. He then ordered the wagon burned rather than allow it to fall into enemy hands. With that, most of the history of the 4th SC Cavalry disappeared.
Officers and units.
The commanding and staff officers of the regiment were:
Most of the companies in this regiment existed previously as South Carolina Militia companies. Some, such as the Charleston Light Dragoons, traced their history to the early-to-mid 18th century, and are mentioned as guarding Fort Sumter in the summer of 1860. The companies in the regiment were:
Notable battles.
The battle history of the regiment:

</doc>
<doc id="20540567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540567" title="Joel Riddez">
Joel Riddez

Joel Riddez (born 21 May 1980) is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Djurgården. Riddez previously played for Norwegian side Strømsgodset IF.He has a rating of 55 in FIFA Online 3

</doc>
<doc id="20540580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540580" title="Bill Kuharich">
Bill Kuharich

Bill Kuharich is an American professional football executive, specializing in player-personnel (i.e., evaluating and selecting players); he has also held the General Manager position. Over his career, Kuharich has been widely regarded as one the National Football League's best evaluators and accurate predictors of athletic talent. Kuharich is the son of the late Joe Kuharich, former college and NFL head coach. He attended Waldron Academy, Malvern Prep; Deerfield Academy; and Middlebury College, in Vermont.
In the mid-1980s, Kuharich was Assistant General Manager/Director of Player Personnel for the Philadelphia/Baltimore Stars of the United States Football League. The team won the USFL championship two out of the three years the league existed.
Kuharich worked in multiple capacities for the New Orleans Saints, from 1986 to 1999, as: Director of Player Personnel (1986–1993); Vice President of Football Operations (1994–1995); Executive Vice President/General Manager (1996); and, President/General Manager/Chief Operating Officer (1997–1999). During his tenure, the team acquired (eventual) Pro Bowl-grade players such as Willie Roaf, Sammy Knight, and La'Roi Glover. 
As the Kansas City Chiefs' Pro Personnel Director (2000-2005), Kuharich helped orchestrate the acquisitions of Priest Holmes, Eddie Kennison, Trent Green and (eventual NFL Hall of Famer), Willie Roaf. Kuharich was promoted to Vice-President of Player Personnel in 2006; between 2006 and 2008, they acquired standouts like Tamba Hali; Dwayne Bowe; Brandon Flowers; Jamaal Charles, and Brandon Carr. Kuharich was released by the Chiefs on April 29, 2009. 
On February 11, 2014, Kuharich was hired by the Cleveland Browns to advise first-time General Manager Ray Farmer on player-personnel. Farmer had worked under Kuharich when both were with the Chiefs. 

</doc>
<doc id="20540582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540582" title="N.I.G.G.E.R. (The Slave and the Master)">
N.I.G.G.E.R. (The Slave and the Master)

"N.I.G.G.E.R. (The Slave and the Master)" is a Grammy nominated song by the rapper Nas from his untitled 2008 studio album. The song contains samples from "We're Just Trying to Make It" by The Persuaders.
The song was nominated for Best Rap Solo Performance at the Grammys on December 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20540585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540585" title="Alfred Sankoh">
Alfred Sankoh

Alfred Sankoh (born 22 October 1988) is a Sierra Leonean footballer currently playing for Turkish TFF First League club Şanlıurfaspor.

</doc>
<doc id="20540605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540605" title="Santa Fe Depot (Rail Runner station)">
Santa Fe Depot (Rail Runner station)

Santa Fe Depot is the northern terminus of the New Mexico Rail Runner Express commuter rail line. The station also serves as the northern terminus, offices, and gift shop of the Santa Fe Southern Railway, a tourist and freight carrying short line railroad. It is located in Santa Fe, New Mexico at 410 Guadalupe Street, within an area of urban renewal referred to as the "Railyard". Rail Runner service to the station began on December 17, 2008.
The station is served by Santa Fe Trails routes 2, 4, and M, a shuttle connecting the station to several locations in and around downtown Santa Fe, a shuttle service to Taos, and a shuttle to the Buffalo Thunder Resort & Casino in Pojoaque Pueblo.
Each of the Rail Runner stations contains an icon to express each community's identity. The icon representing this station is a locomotive, representing the history of the rail yard at the site; however the station is devoid of the Rail Runner's distinctive signage portraying the station name and icon.
History.
The depot proper was the namesake station of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe (ATSF) starting February 9, 1880 and for most of the twentieth century. The depot is the northern terminus of a former ATSF spur line running from Santa Fe to Lamy, New Mexico, 18 miles to the south. The spur line was built to connect the railroad's namesake destination to its system when the prohibitive grades into Santa Fe were bypassed by the westward expanding railroad's mainline. An expansive network of track once dominated the area around the Santa Fe Depot, which at its height was served by another station shared by the narrow gauge, D&RG Chili Line trains traveling to the north, and New Mexico Central Railway trains going south. Both of these railroads had been dismantled by 1942.
The ATSF ceased offering passenger train service to Santa Fe with the advent of the Interstate Highway System and replaced it with a motorcoach connection operating up to four daily roundtrips to connect with their long distance trains at Lamy. The operation of motorcoaches was later turned over to Amtrak and private bus shuttle companies. As the area's industrial activity declined, much of the track and facilities were sold off in favor of other uses. 
Scheduled passenger rail was restored as a tourist operation with the Santa Fe Southern Railway's purchase of the freight-only Santa Fe spur, including the depot, in the early 1990s. Much of the rail yard was purchased by the City of Santa Fe which later established an enterprise, the Santa Fe Railyard Community Corporation, to oversee the urban renewal of its parcel. The master plan for the transformation preceded the Rail Runner by several years but the arrival of the Rail Runner was nonetheless accommodated. The result of the development, which was mostly complete as of January 2009, is a train themed district housing community uses such as a park, a youth center, Site Santa Fe, a farmers' market, and commercial activities alongside the working railroads. The park was designed with input from local residents, and was made possible through funding and support from The Trust for Public Land.

</doc>
<doc id="20540615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540615" title="Rena Riffel">
Rena Riffel

Rena Riffel (born March 5, 1969) is an American actress, singer, dancer, model, writer, producer, and director. She is known for her supporting roles in films such as "Showgirls", "Striptease", and "Mulholland Drive".
Childhood and early career.
Rena Riffel was born in Los Angeles, California, United States. When she was two years old her family moved from Playa Del Rey to Atascadero. Her father’s side of the family came from the music business and vaudeville in South Bend, Indiana and included a father who studied tap dancing and acrobatic ballet, a grandmother who was an accomplished singer, and a great grandmother who was a professional opera singer. Her mother is an accomplished accordion player and has performed with Myron Floren and Lawrence Welk.
From an early age, Riffel enjoyed horseback riding, competing in rodeo barrel racing, and acting in home productions with her brother Todd. Performing in her first dance recital at age four, Riffel continued to study ballet, jazz, and tap. She also began taking vocal lessons and sang in a children’s all-girl group who performed locally at church events.
At age 11, she landed her first acting and dance part in a production of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s "The King and I" at the Paso Robles Playhouse. Riffel’s parents began driving her down to Los Angeles at age 15 to take acting classes for commercials and to attend acting seminars. Riffel also excelled as a cheerleader and was appointed head song leader and choreographer for Atascadero High School during her senior year.
In 1987, the Atascadero Chamber of Commerce chose Riffel as Miss Atascadero to compete in the San Luis Obispo Mid-State Fair Pageant where she was crowned Princess of the Mid-State Fair.
After graduating high school, Riffel briefly enrolled in college where she was a pre-med major, but left early on in order to pursue an acting career. She moved to Los Angeles where she auditioned for dance parts, modeled for Catalina Swimwear, and landed a handful of minor roles in movies and television. Riffel began studying acting with Floyd Levine and dance with Marguerite Derricks. She auditioned at the Rodunsky School of Dance where she earned a scholarship.
While at a restaurant, she was spotted by a scout for Elite Model Agency and was subsequently signed. She then began modeling for major brands such as Joe Boxer, Avon, and Joico hair products.
Riffel landed her first film role in the horror thriller film "Satan’s Princess" (1990) with Academy Award nominated Robert Forster. During this time, Riffel also recorded a demo and was signed to Mercury/Polygram records by Ed Eckstein. Her record was unreleased.
Riffel had minor roles on the television series "Freshman Dorm" and in the film "Batman Returns" as one of the Penguin’s Girls. She landed her first featured role opposite Patrick Stewart in the 1994 action movie "Gunmen". She was also featured in the made for TV movie "Sinatra" playing May Britt, the wife of Sammy Davis, Jr. as well as the television series "Quantum Leap". Riffel also began modeling for Robinsons-May and appeared in a Clio Award and Telly Award winning Fantastic Sams commercial, both of which contributed to her recognition.
Riffel then began studying the Meisner Technique at Playhouse West.
While working on her music, Riffel was asked to sing a song called "Spaceeba" for the 1992 film "Back in the USSR". She was invited to visit the set in Moscow, Russia where she played the song to the Russian audience and received a standing ovation.
Riffel booked her first lead role as twins Meg/Julie Hudson in the 1994 independent film "Art Deco Detective" directed by Phillippe Mora, which screened at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival. She also landed the role of Rain in the 1995 thriller "Undercover Heat", which opened at #1 in the U.K.
"Showgirls".
Riffel landed her breakthrough role in the 1995 film "Showgirls" starring Elizabeth Berkley, Gina Gershon, and Kyle MacLachlan. Initially reading for the lead role of Cristal Connors, Riffel was cast in the supporting role of Penny/Hope after director Paul Verhoeven decided that she was too young to play an aging showgirl.
While on the set of "Showgirls", Riffel approached the music supervisor with a song she recorded, "Deep Kiss". The music supervisor tested the song on the production office (without telling them it had been written by one of the actresses) to determine if it was suitable for the film. Director Paul Verhoeven listened to the song and decided to include it in the lap dance scene at the Cheetah strip club.
Although an initial box office failure, "Showgirls" enjoyed success in the home video market, generating more than $100 million in video rentals and became one of MGM’s top 20 all-time best sellers.
For the 2004 re-release as a DVD limited edition box set, Riffel, along with cast members Lin Tucci and Patrick Bristow, had their hand prints and names put in cement in front of the Hollywood Vista Theater at the red carpet event where they were also interviewed by "Access Hollywood". Riffel and Bristow were also special guests at Peaches Christ's Midnight Mass midnight screening of "Showgirls" in 2008 in San Francisco, California. They were interviewed on stage after the live performance of the Goddess volcano dance performed by drag queens in gold lamé and featuring Peaches Christ as Goddess.
When asked if she expected "Showgirls" to produce such a cult legacy, Riffel replied, “No. I went into it thinking it would be a really erotic, serious, shocking expose. People would be sitting on the edge of their seats from suspense..like we did with Basic Instinct. But my character was comical, the ditzy blonde. Verhoeven is a genius, I think he did make the movie how he had envisioned it. Have you seen "Basic Instinct" lately? Even that seems kind of cult campy now…I think it’s a special magic that European filmmakers have. I think – and this is my theory – …that there’s something that European filmmakers have, a punched-up, extreme vibe. Everything’s extreme and more like a fairtytale. And that is what I love about European films.”
She is also quoted as saying, “"Showgirls" just keeps getting more and more popular, it’s a total phenomenon. I don't think a film could even try to have this afterlife happen to it. This cult status and celebration is all created by the fans and the people who saw something special in the film. I seem to be one of the only actors that represents and gets involved with the cult status. I think Elizabeth (Berkley) is still upset about how the film was received initially. I think she is brilliant in her role and she should have won best actress at some film festivals, and I think Joe Eszterhas's writing is remarkably brilliant. I suspect because the way they marketed the film, that is what led to the backlash. The marketing campaign was misleading. But at the end of the day, it all worked out for the best. The movie just needed to find the right audience, and it did.”
A sequel to Showgirls was announced in Entertainment Weekly Magazine July 23, 2010 issue. Rena is starring in the film, entitled SHOWGIRL (2012). It is a follow-up to Showgirls (1995) and inspired by the original. It was later renamed, Showgirls 2: Penny's from Heaven (2012).
"Striptease".
Following her role in "Showgirls", Riffel was cast in "Striptease" starring Demi Moore and Burt Reynolds. "Showgirls" was generally disliked and the filmmakers feared people would pre-judge "Striptease" on this basis. To avoid any association between the two films, advertisements were designed to make "Striptease" look more comedic than "Showgirls", which was marketed as a drama. Besides the subject matter, "Striptease" and "Showgirls" did have two notable connections: the choreography in these films were by the same person, Marguerite Derricks; and both also featured performances by Rena Riffel.
Widely considered a box office failure, "Striptease" lacked the momentum that "Showgirls" gained in its cult status and has subsequently been referred to as one of the worst movies ever made.
"Mulholland Drive".
In 2001, Riffel appeared in the David Lynch film "Mulholland Drive". When interviewed about the film and if she “got it”, Riffel replied, “See…I can’t remember. No, I guess it still doesn’t make sense to me. It’s been a while – I’d like to watch it again….one website put a lot of clarity on it with their theories.”
Czechsploitation, erotica and horror.
After "Striptease", Riffel accepted minor roles on the television series "Married… with Children" in 1997, and "Clueless" as well as the HBO movie "Breast Men" before making a string of films with European director Lloyd Simandl. These movies, referred to by some as “Czechsploitation” films, include "Dark Confessions", "Bound Cargo", "Caligula’s Spawn", and "No Escape". These films, coupled with Riffel’s roles in "Showgirls" and "Striptease" opened the door for her to be cast in a handful of erotic/thriller films such as "The Pornographer" and "Scandalous Behavior" (with Shannon Tweed).
In 1999, Riffel appeared alongside cult-film legends Udo Kier, Joe Dallesandro, and Mink Stole in "Citizens of Perpetual Indulgence", a gay-themed comedy/drama/art film.
Riffel also appeared in several horror/thriller movies including "Candyman III: Day of the Dead", "Unstable Minds", and "Dark Reel" starring Edward Furlong and Tony Todd.
Musical work and other projects.
According to the text trivia track on the 2010 Blu-ray release of "Showgirls", one of the songs played during the film's lap-dance sequence was co-written by Riffel.
In 2004, Riffel’s song "Geisha Girl" was featured in Oliver Robbins film "Wild Roomies". She also sang the theme song for 2007 E! Entertainment's series, "Billionaire Heiresses", called "Livin' In The Fast Lane". In 2008, she starred in Coheed And Cambria's music video for "Feathers" playing the 1950s character, Judy Feathers. Judy Feathers is the perfect housewife with a secret of being a cannibal, killing then serving the milkman, postman, sailor, and a boyscout for dinner. It won Best Video in 2008 in the UK for the Kerring Awards and Rena appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" on March 5, 2008 with the band.
In 2008, Riffel directed/produced/wrote and starred in the movie "Trasharella", a comedy/crime/fantasy musical. She edited the film herself and her production company, Rena Riffel Films, released the film on DVD through Amazon.com in 2009.
When asked to describe "Trasharella", Riffel stated, “It is a satire on B-movie horror films... I went against the grain and instead of trying to make this slick Hollywood film, I just let things be as they were and made it into a really bad grindhouse style exploitation film. ...it's not a dumb film, it's just 'bad'... in a good way. Mae West said: 'When I'm good I'm good, but when I'm bad I'm better.' and we use her quote in "Trasharella"".
Riffel developed a musical based on "Showgirls". The film had its first screening in October 27, 2011, at the Laemmle Theatre's Sunset 5 in West Hollywood, California. It played to a packed house who thoroughly enjoyed the 2 hours and 24 minute long epic. The film, now titled, "" received excellent reviews, with references made to David Lynch's "Inland Empire" by Craveonline.com and LA Weekly. "Showgirls 2: Penny's from Heaven" can be seen in art house theatres across the country and posts surprise screenings on the movie website, ShowGirls2Movie.com.
Riffel is featured on the Velvet Revolver album Contraband.

</doc>
<doc id="20540617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540617" title="Denis Selimović">
Denis Selimović

Denis Selimović (born 22 June 1979) is a Slovenian/Bosnian professional footballer who played for Icelandic Premier League club Keflavik Football Club.
He previously also played for the Slovenian Premier league clubs Triglav Kranj, Ljubljana, Drava Ptuj, Primorje Ajdovščina and Interblock Ljubljana, Norwegian club Aalesunds FK in the Norwegian PL Tippeligaen and Bosnian club Željezničar Sarajevo in the Bosnian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20540618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540618" title="Sohan Roy">
Sohan Roy

Sohan Roy S K (born in Kerala, India in 1967) is a naval architect and businessman who is active in film direction and literature. He is the CEO of the Aries Group based in Middle East with subsidiaries in India and Singapore. He is the founder of Aries Marine, the flagship of the group, in 1998 and has developed it into an recognized ship design consultancy and survey firm. Over the period of years Aries group has expanded with more than 28 establishments in Marine sector and Media & Entertainment. Sohan Roy is also an actor & a lyricist who earned Oscar selection for 3 soundtracks from his Debut dam 999 in the year 2012.
Career.
Sohan Roy began his career with Marine Engineering in Merchant Navy. He worked as a Marine Surveyor for six years in United Arab Emirates. After serving with several major companies, Sohan Roy initiated Aries Marine.
Aries Marine and Engineering Services is a multi-function company in West Asia with a market share of 70 per cent in consultancy, marine engineering, ultrasonic thickness gauging and non-destructive testing.
Over the years, he has gained experience in the fields of Naval Architecture, Surveys and Non-Destructive Testing. The realization of the power of media was the driving force behind the formation of Marine BizTV solely dedicated to the marine industry. It was based on the fact that the maritime community needs a common platform to interact and broadcast their views and concerns. This new venture intends to develop and establish a maritime media and to be the single point of contact for all maritime activities.
The latest project of Sohan Roy is Dam 999, A movie. Sohan Roy intended to submit DAM 999 for Oscars
Creative works.
DAM999 Novel - The Novel is published by Indra Publishing House and will be soon made available in the market. This was penned by director Sohan Roy, intending to share the complete essence of the movie in more elaborate manner. The Novel will be offered to the readers in language English by the publisher.
Marine BizTV - Sohan Roy is behind Marine BizTV launched in 2007, which has grown to the leading global maritime channel all over the world. It is a global maritime channel with Dubai as its headquarters. It will give viewers insight into the maritime world using new media technology. It is committed to the development and integration of information and activities relating to the maritime industry. The objective is to provide a supportive platform to professionals with regard to opportunities and developments in the sector.
Safe Botel - An abbreviation for Backwater Operated Tourist Entertainment Launch, The very first innovative modern steel houseboat which is solar-powered. The prototype of Botel was unveiled at the India International Boat Show 2005 in Kochi. The concept of Botel is a floating hotel to promote backwater medical tourism with ergonomically designed interiors. A group of internationally recognized naval architects developed this Eco friendly design with no compromise made on stability and strength in a most economical way with a wide range of uses for personal as well as business purposes.Safe Botel made the headlines for quite a period of time.
Aries creations - A Research and Development Program in visual media to find out and promote the young upcoming talents in this area.Aries Creation is a subsidiary of Aries Marine Sharjah, UAE. Aries talent search is the first International venture formed under Aries creations to help youth kick start their career as actors,models, singers,art Directors and many more right from their college campus.Further more Aries Creations in association with Aries Media, Dubai 
launched a revolutionary concept of music auction for the first time in music Industry. This opened up a gateway to know and buy music and also deplete piracy.
Filmography.
Dam 999 - A 3D conceptual movie directed by Sohan Roy in association with 16 National and International Award winners, is the first Hollywood movie project by the mariners. DAM999 is a tribute to the 1975 Banqiao Dam disaster in china that claimed 250,000 innocent lives. The story revolves around nine characters portraying Navarasas(nine variants of human emotions) and an outdated dam.The movie shares about the menace to nature and people caused by dams, one the gravest environmental issues making hot debates around the globe.The movie also claims to have the World's first 3D website for a movie.DAM999 turned to be a controversial movie in India owing to its ban of its screening in Tamil Nadu with respect to its plot, the Screenplay of the movie written by Sohan Roy was added to the permanent core collection in Library of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences before its release in 2011. Apart from being the director of the movie, the lyrics of the soundtracks in the movie were also written by Sohan Roy. The music was composed Ouseppachan, out of which three of the soundtracks 'Dakkanaga Dugu',' DAM999 Theme song' and 'Mujhe Chodke' were officially selected for 84th Academy Awards.
DAMs - The Lethal Water Bombs - An Award winning thought provoking short documentary movie that gives a scientific explanation on the disastrous nature of the Mullaperiyar Dam thereby bringing out those who turn a blind eye towards the reality of a possible natural disaster and sustaining the need for a secured future of those people who render sleepless nights under the uncertain situation of the Mullaperiyar dam. The Banqiao dam (492 million cubic metre) in China which has somewhat the same capacity of Mullaperiyar dam (443.23 million cubic metre), was destroyed by torrential rains in 1975 which claimed the lives of 2,50,000 people. The documentary is based on the possibility of a similar disaster that can happen in a place like Kerala and its dire consequences in the aftermath. It is estimated that 85% of all the large dams, numbering about 40,000 all over the world would have passed their projected life spans by 2020. As the total numbers of dams are increasing, the numbers of hazardous dams are also increasing at an alarming rate. Torrential rains, floods, earthquakes and landslides are the ones that can break the dam, and global warming has of late increased the incidence of untimely rains and floods. Despite been warned about the disaster caused by these dams, they are neither checked nor reconstructed. The documentary is a mirror that reflects the unspoken miseries of thousands of people who are under the terror of a possible dam collapse.
Saint Dracula 3D- In his second International venture ‘Saint Dracula 3D’; Sohan Roy has a dual role. He is the Executive Producer and the Project Designer of the movie. A ‘Project Designer’ is an entirely new concept in the history of global cinema and will soon turn to be an unavoidable designation in the film industry. The project designer selects the apt Script for a production house along with identification of the right director needed for its theme. This profile is also the key person behind structuring the entire budget from day one shoot of the movie to distribution & worldwide release. The complete strategy of branding & promotions, worldwide publicity finally owing to marketing & distribution is charted by a Project Designer.
Awards and Recognitions.
 
84th Academy Awards - Dam 999, the directional Debut of Sohan Roy earned 5 selections at Oscar Awards 2012 including " Best Picture", "Original Score and 3 Original Soundtracks". Apart from being a controversial movie in India with respect to its theme, the screenplay of the movie was previously added to the core collection of Oscar Library in the year 2011.
DAMs - The Lethal Water Bombs - The Short documentary video DAMs - The Lethal Water Bombs directed by Sohan Roy, released as the Curtain riser to his upcoming movie Dam 999 won the Award for best Documentary short at Los Angeles Cinema Festival of Hollywood 2011 along with numerous other awards and official selections .
Aries Chundan - On Punnamada Lake in Alleppey, Aries Marine built Aries Punnamada Chundan, the first steel snake boat (Chundan Vallam) and the longest boat of its kind, 144 feet long and accommodating 141 rowers, listed in the Guinness Book of World Records and Limca Book of Records.
First 3D movie Website - BizTV Network the production house of Dam 999 launched the World's first fully interactive 3D website for the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20540622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540622" title="South Capitol (Rail Runner station)">
South Capitol (Rail Runner station)

South Capitol is a station on the New Mexico Rail Runner Express commuter rail line, located in Santa Fe, New Mexico at 1301 Alta Vista, between St. Francis Drive and Cerrillos Road, near the South Capitol Governmental Complex. It opened to service on December 17, 2008.
The station has free parking, with over 200 spaces. Santa Fe Trails routes 2 and 4 serve the stop, as well as New Mexico Park & Ride routes which connect the station to destinations in Santa Fe as well as the communities of Los Alamos, Espanola, and Las Vegas. A shuttle service to Taos also serves this station.
Each of the Rail Runner stations contains an icon to express each community's identity. The icon representing this station is the Zia sun symbol.

</doc>
<doc id="20540629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540629" title="Diego Pelicles da Silva">
Diego Pelicles da Silva

Diego Pelicles da Silva (23 October 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Åtvidabergs FF in Allsvenskan as a forward.
Career.
Born in Natal, capital of Rio Grande do Norte state, Diego started his career at hometown club América (RN). He played twice in 2003 Copa do Brasil. He finished as the runner-up of 2005 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and promoted to Série B. He was loaned to Baraúnas in the mid way of 2006 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B in July 2006. With Baraúnas, the team failed to qualify to the next round of 2006 Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and returned to América early, in August. Which América finished as the 4th and promoted again.
In January 2007 he was loaned to Londrina for 2007 Campeonato Paranaense. In June he was transferred to Aalesund.
Diego Silva agreed to move to Bahraini club Al-Ahli on 10 September 2010 for $120,000 making him the biggest amount paid in the history of the club.
On 31 August 2012, he signed for Swedish Allsvenskan club Åtvidabergs FF.

</doc>
<doc id="20540633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540633" title="Electoral district of Deloraine">
Electoral district of Deloraine

The Electoral district of Deloraine was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Deloraine in Tasmania's north-east between the centres of Launceston and Devonport.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20540636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540636" title="Zia Road (Rail Runner station)">
Zia Road (Rail Runner station)

Zia Road is a station-to-be on the New Mexico Rail Runner Express commuter rail line, located in Santa Fe, New Mexico. While the platform is completed, the station has yet to open due to land use issues with the adjacent land. The station is the first Rail Runner stop to be constructed on private land, and the opening date has yet to be determined. Officials had predicted that the station will open in August 2011, following an agreement from the city's finance committee that the stop will open if the owners construct parking and transit facilities for the station however as of January 2012, the station has not yet opened.
The station will be located at the intersection of Zia Road & St. Francis Drive, and is planned to be the center of a mixed-use, transit-oriented development.
Each of the Rail Runner stations contains an icon to express each community's identity. The icon representing this station is the Cathedral Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi.
NMDOT recently opened to the media that they are waiting for the traffic study to be complete before construction can begin on a parking lot, and whether the area will be created for mixed-use development.

</doc>
<doc id="20540646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540646" title="Podjelše">
Podjelše

Podjelše is a small settlement between Mekinje and Godič in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20540654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540654" title="Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro">
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro

Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro (born 4 January 1985) is a French-born Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Football League Two side Bury on loan from Football League One side Tranmere Rovers. 
Akpa Akpro came through the youth ranks at Toulouse where he picked up Ligue 1 experience, he also played on loan for Stade Brestois 29 before moving to Belgian side FC Brussels. He joined Football League side Grimsby Town in 2008 before moving to Rochdale. He was previously called up to play international football for France at U18 level but injury forced him to withdraw from the squad.
Career.
Toulouse (2003−2007).
Akpa Akpro was born in Toulouse, France. He started his career at his home town club, French First Division side Toulouse as a youngster in 2003. While at with the club, he spent time on loan with Stade Brestois 29 in the French Second Division where he scored twice in 15 appearances. He featured in around 40 games for Toulouse from between 2003 and 2007, managing to score a total of three goals. While with Toulouse, Akpa Akpro was briefly called up to the France U18 International team, but was forced to withdraw from the squad due to injury. He was never selected again.
FCM Brussels (2007−2008).
Akpa Akpro was released by Toulouse at the end of the 2006–07 season. He then left France and headed north where he signed for Belgian side FC Brussels in the summer of 2007. He remained with the club for the 2007–08 season, playing only a cameo role in the clubs season by making only three appearances for the club. Akpro was released at the end of the season. After his departure from Brussels, Akpa Akpro had travelled to England where he joined Milton Keynes Dons in a pre-season trial, before also spending a week training with Colchester United. However both trials didn't pay off and Akpro began the 2008–09 season as a free agent.
Grimsby Town (2008−2010).
On 2 December 2008, Akpa Akpro joined English club Grimsby Town on trial with a view of earning a permanent contract. A day later he received international clearance to play for Grimsby's reserve team in their league fixture away against Bradford City. He played the entire 90 minutes in a 2–1 win for Grimsby. Two days later, on 4 December 2008 he was offered and subsequently signed a 18-month contract keeping him at Blundell Park until the end of the 2009–10 season. The signing of Akpro at Grimsby would be the third French speaking player to join the club under in the Mike Newell tenure, with Congolese midfielder Jean-Paul Kamudimba Kalala and fellow Frenchman Mickael Buscher also arriving at Cleethorpes. He originally was set to make his debut against Port Vale on the 6 December, but his papers from the Belgian Football Association were not received on time for him to feature. He instead made his debut against Shrewsbury Town on 13 December, and helped Grimsby to record their first home league victory of the season with a 1–0 victory. He went on to make it into the League Two Team of the Week after setting up Nathan Jarman's winner against Wycombe Wanderers on 17 January 2009. In the remaining months of the season, The Mariners were involved in a relegation battle, in which Akpa Akpro found himself playing a key part, mainly being fielded in attack alongside Adam Proudlock. In March 2009, Akpro and Proudlock destroyed local rivals Lincoln City in a 5–1 victory, with Akpa Akpro scoring two, and Proudlock hitting a hat-trick. Towards the very end of the campaign Barry Conlon became Akpro's regular strike partner, and the two would turn out to become vital to the clubs eventual survival from relegation. During the 2009–10 season, a managerial change saw the man responsible for his arrival at Grimsby, Mike Newell sacked in October 2009. During the season in which many different players were used all over the pitch, Akpro's role in the first team would change from week to week, with some weeks new boss Neil Woods choosing to play him in his usual attacking role, whilst other weeks he operated in a wide left position or on the wing, and in other weeks merely only a substitute and in some circumstances also failing to make the 18 man squad at all. Akpro would play his part in ending an awful club record when he scored in a 3–0 victory over Shrewsbury Town on 6 March 2010, which was Grimsby's first league victory in 25 games. Following relegation from the Football League, Akpro rejected Grimsby's new contract offer and left the club on 26 June 2010.
Rochdale (2010−2012).
On 7 July he signed a two-year deal with League One newcomers Rochdale, after he turned down a new contract at Grimsby. He made his Rochdale debut in a friendly match against Fleetwood Town in which he scored from 20 yards out in a 3–0 victory. In his first season with Dale, the club earned a very respectable 9th place in Football League One, and were unlucky to miss out on capturing a play-off place. During the 2011–12 campaign Akpro and Rochdale were relegated.
Tranmere Rovers (2012−).
On 19 June 2012 he signed a two year deal with Tranmere Rovers, after he turned down a new contract from Rochdale. He scored a brace on his debut against Leyton Orient on 18 August 2012, this prompted his manager Ronnie Moore to comment saying Jean-Louis is capable of playing in the Premier League and that he fully expected him to score 20 goals throughout the coming season. After topping the scoring charts of League 1 with 7 goals in 10 games, it was announced Akpa Akpro would be out for 3 months with a fractured metatarsal, coming off in the 18th minute in a 1-0 victory away at Notts County. 
Unfortunately Akpa Akpro, low on confidence following the injury, was never able to recapture his sensational early season form, scoring only 1 goal in the six remaining games of the season in which he played.
Personal life.
Akpa Akpro also has a brother called Jean-Jacques Akpa Akpro who has spent time playing football in the French Second Division, as well as playing in the USA and his other brother Jean-Daniel Akpa-Akpro is currently member of FC Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20540657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540657" title="Santa Fe County/NM 599 (Rail Runner station)">
Santa Fe County/NM 599 (Rail Runner station)

Santa Fe County/NM 599 is a station on the New Mexico Rail Runner Express commuter rail line, located southwest of Santa Fe, New Mexico, in Santa Fe County. It opened August 1, 2009.
The station platform is located in the median of Interstate Highway 25 adjacent to the State Highway 599 exit. A walkway over the northbound lanes of I-25 connects the platform with the station's parking area, pick-up/drop-off area, and transit connections. Roadway access to the station is from NM 599 midway between its junction with NM 14 and the I-25 interchange.
The station has free parking, with over 200 spaces. New Mexico Park & Ride provides bus connections to Los Alamos and southern Santa Fe. The Santa Fe route provides connections with Santa Fe Trails at the Santa Fe Place Transit Center.
Each of the Rail Runner stations contains an icon to express each community's identity. The icon representing this station is the "torreon" (tower) of the nearby El Rancho de Las Golandrinas.

</doc>
<doc id="20540663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540663" title="Mahanagar Telephone Mauritius Limited">
Mahanagar Telephone Mauritius Limited

Mahanagar Telephone Mauritius Limited (MTML) is a telecommunications and Internet service provider in Mauritius, a small republic in the Indian Ocean.Mahanagar Telephone Mauritius Limited (MTML) was founded in 2003 by MTNL an Indian Government-owned telephone service provider.
MTNL has set up its 100% subsidiary, Mahanagar Telephone Mauritius Limited(MTML) in Mauritius, for providing basic, mobile and international long distance services as second operator in Mauritius. Necessary licenses were obtained in January 2004. MTML has, since 2005, already started its ILD & CDMA based basic services in Mauritius. In Mauritius, 144,312 telephone connections are actually operational from a total switching capacity of 200,000. Moreover, through joint ventures with local telecommunications providers, MTML also to offer internet access through its wireless network to its users from February 2007.
The "MTML" was incorporated as private domestic company at Mauritius on 14.11.2003 with an authorized
capital of MUR 600M and the paid up capital as on 31.3.2008 stands as MUR 436.5 Million. The company
is having License from the telecom regulatory ICTA for Fixed Telephone Services, Mobile Services,
International Long Distance Services and Internet Services.
It has Installed 100K state of art technology CDMA IX & IX EVDO switch and additional 100K for GSM, with a radio network of 103 Base
stations. The system is equipped to provide value added services viz., SMS, DATA, Multi Media service
Telecom Services provided by MTML.
The Company is second operator in Fixed Line and third operator in Mobile and one among the seven ILD
operators.The company is equipped with call centre (10 positions) and 10 Customer Care centres all over
the island and started its operations in the year 2005-2006 partially. The full operations of the company
started from March 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20540667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540667" title="Native American Public Telecommunications">
Native American Public Telecommunications

Native American Public Telecommunications is a branch of the CPB or Corporation for Public Broadcast. They encourage Native American media to be shown on PBS,

</doc>
<doc id="20540672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540672" title="Silva Reinaldo Ribeiro">
Silva Reinaldo Ribeiro

Silva Reinaldo Ribeiro (born June 8, 1981) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for SC Rheindorf Altach. He also holds Austrian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20540677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540677" title="Oji Paper Company">
Oji Paper Company

Operations.
Oji Paper produces paper for printing, writing, and packaging. It also manufactures containers made from paper products, chemicals used in the production of paper and paper packaging equipment.
The company has 86 production sites throughout Japan, and forestry operations in Australia, Canada, China, Germany, Brazil and other countries worldwide.
History.
Oji Paper Company was founded February 12, 1873 by industrialist Shibusawa Eiichi as . Mills were established in 1875 in the village of Ōji, at the time a suburb of Tokyo, and in 1889 in Shizuoka. In 1893 Shibusawa renamed the company Oji Paper after the location of its first mill. William Anderson went to Japan to oversee the erection of the paper mill in 1871. 
In 1933, Oji Paper merged with Fuji Paper and Karafuto Industries, developing into an oligopolistic corporation that produced 80 percent of Japan's Western-style paper.
Following World War II,　in order to prevent anti-competitive activities caused by overconcentration, the Excess Economic Powers Decentralization Act was implemented, breaking up the company into three components: Tomakomai Paper, Jujo Paper, and Honshu Paper.
Tomakomai Paper began as a one-plant operation, but upon its expansion into Kasugai, Aichi in 1952, the company was renamed Oji Paper Industries, and in 1960, it was renamed Oji Paper again. Oji Paper expanded its business through acquiring competitors including Kita Nippon Paper, Nippon Pulp Industries, and Toyo Pulp.
In 1993, Oji Paper merged with Kanzaki Paper to become New Oji Paper, and furthermore, in 1996, New Oji Paper and Honshu Paper merged again to become Oji Paper.

</doc>
<doc id="20540685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540685" title="Orhan Ademi">
Orhan Ademi

Orhan Ademi (born 28 October 1991 in St. Gallen) is a Swiss footballer playing for Eintracht Braunschweig.
Early life and career.
Ademi is of Macedonian Albanian descent. His parents emigrated to St. Gallen, Switzerland from Kumanovo. Adami began his footballing career as a teenager at Au-Berneck and eventually moved to SCR Altach in Austria.
Career.
Ademi started his senior career in Austria, playing for SC Rheindorf Altach from 2008 until 2012. For the 2012–13 season he transferred to German 2. Bundesliga side Eintracht Braunschweig. During his first season with his new club, Braunschweig and Ademi won promotion to the Bundesliga.
Ademi scored his first goal in the Bundesliga against Schalke 04 on the 19 October, 2013.
International career.
On 2 October 2012, Ademi received his first call up to the Switzerland national under-21 football team for the two UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship 2013 qualification play-off games against Germany, although he did not see the field in either play-off game.

</doc>
<doc id="20540687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540687" title="Electoral district of Devon">
Electoral district of Devon

The Electoral district of Devon was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the north coastal and north-western regions of Tasmania, and its major town was Devonport.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1871 election, being split into the electorates of Wellington, East Devon and West Devon.

</doc>
<doc id="20540688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540688" title="The Carps">
The Carps

The Carps are a Canadian rock music duo consisting of bassist Neil White and drummer Jahmal Tonge. They are signed to Toronto-based URBNET Records.
History.
The band began its career in Scarborough, a borough of the city of Toronto, in 2005.
In addition to touring Europe and North America, The Carps have played with The Cool Kids, MIA, Holy Fuck, The Hives and Lupe Fiasco.
Singer Jahmal Tonge is featured on the MSTRKRFT album "Fist Of God" On both songs "Breakaway" and "So Deep".
The Carps will also be featured in the forthcoming Grand Theft Auto video game series. With two songs from the Waves & Shambles EP featured in the game.
The Carps have released two EPs to critical acclaim, and have been applauded for their ability to weave genres of all types into a seamless and cohesive sound.
In March 2007, "The Young & Passionate Days of Carpedia vol 2.1" was released under URBNET Records.
This was followed by the release of "Waves & Shambles" in April 2008, containing the featured track “Veronica Belmont” which was named after a well-known San Francisco-based tech journalist. The album also included an appearance by The Cool Kids on the “Heaven's Gates & Hell’s Flames” remix (produced by drummer Jahmal Tonge).
The Carps are currently working on their debut full-length album.
Bio.
Rarely photographed without multi-colored leather hi tops, turquoise or pink T-shirts, and skinny jeans, the two members of the Carps wear their hipster cred on their sleeves while making a full and unique blend of R&B and stripped-down indie rock—as a two-piece, no less. Neil White became friends with Jahmal Tonge at church at a young age in Toronto, and the two started creating music as a free-spirited pastime to fill the hours between skateboarding and golfing of all things.
Melding influences from the opposite ends of the musical spectrum (Tonge grew up on Motown while White listened to psychedelic rock and punk), the duo started jamming and playing clubs around the city. With a soulful Terence Trent D'Arby-esque voice, Tonge took to the drum stool vocalizing about urban strife and the debauchery of hipsters, while White added to the meat of the sound with dirty, distorted bass tones.
After shows in the Toronto clubs resulted in unenthused audiences, the two decided to take it to the States and organized a small tour to Philadelphia and New York City. The shows in the U.S. were a different story, where the indie crowds welcomed them with open arms, and soon after, the two were invited to join the roster of Urbnet Records. In 2007, their anticipated EP, The Young and Passionate Days of Carpedia, was released. ~ Jason Lymangrover, All Music Guide

</doc>
<doc id="20540698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540698" title="Podlom">
Podlom

Podlom is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
It lies in the Kamnik Alps, just under the Črnivec Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="20540702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540702" title="Miroslav Štěpánek">
Miroslav Štěpánek

Miroslav Štěpánek (born 15 January 1990) is a Czech footballer playing for MSV Duisburg II. His last clubs were FK Senica and Hamburger SV.

</doc>
<doc id="20540721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540721" title="Bartholomew Good">
Bartholomew Good

Bartholomew Good (born 20 January 1812 at Market Rasen, Lincolnshire; died 12 March 1848 at Kensington, London) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1831 to 1847.
A left-handed batsman and left arm slow orthodox roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Nottinghamshire and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 68 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the North in the North v. South series. 

</doc>
<doc id="20540724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540724" title="William Garrat">
William Garrat

William Garrat (born 21 April 1805, Shrewsbury, Shropshire; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1832 to 1845.
A right-handed batsman who was mainly associated with Nottingham and Nottinghamshire, he made 32 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the North in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20540729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540729" title="Podstudenec">
Podstudenec

Podstudenec is a small settlement on Black Creek (), a tributary of the Kamnik Bistrica River, in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20540730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540730" title="Werner Gregoritsch">
Werner Gregoritsch

Werner Gregoritsch (born March 22, 1958) is an Austrian football manager formerly with Kapfenberger SV, SV Mattersburg and Grazer AK.
Personal life.
His son Michael is the Youngest goalscorer in the history of the Austrian Bundesliga he scored in the age of 15 years and 361 days his first goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20540733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540733" title="Electoral district of Latrobe">
Electoral district of Latrobe

The Electoral district of Latrobe was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based at Latrobe on Tasmania's north coast near the town of Devonport.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1897 state election out of the former seat of East Devon, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. The circumstances of its first by-election were initiated when the member for neighbouring Devonport, John Henry, resigned. At the resulting by-election on 21 June 1898, Ministerial candidate William Aikenhead was elected. However, the election was declared void. In October 1898, the Ministerial member for Latrobe, Henry Murray, resigned to contest the resulting Devonport by-election (held on 25 October 1898), whilst Aikenhead contested the now-vacant seat of Latrobe at a by-election on 15 October 1898. Both were successful. On 25 April 1902, Murray resumed the seat after Aikenhead's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20540745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540745" title="Timothy Corrigan">
Timothy Corrigan

Timothy Corrigan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20540751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540751" title="HMS Osprey">
HMS Osprey

Five ships and a shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Osprey", after the bird of prey the Osprey:
Ships
Shore establishments

</doc>
<doc id="20540758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540758" title="Charles Creswell">
Charles Creswell

Charles Creswell (born 10 March 1813 at Radford, Nottinghamshire; died 22 November 1882 at Heaton Norris, Cheshire) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1836 to 1843. Mainly associated with Nottinghamshire, he made 12 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the North in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20540762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540762" title="14th Battalion, Maratha Light Infantry">
14th Battalion, Maratha Light Infantry

The 14th battalion of the Maratha Light Infantry regiment () of the Indian Army was initially raised as the 14th/5th Mahratta Light Infantry on 1 February 1941, at Ambala by Lieutenant Colonel ES Storey-Cooper, OBE, MC, – a British Officer who joined the regiment as a Staff Captain with 2nd/5th Mahratta Light Infantry on 1 April 1933. The battalion proceeded to Dacca, in Eastern Bengal, for a term of internal security duty in the autumn of the same year. In February 1942 the 14th Battalion moved across India to undergo a period of training at Campbellpore (now known as Attock, Pakistan).
In October 1942 the 14th Battalion embarked for service in the Indian Ocean as the defence garrison of the tiny Attu Atoll, which was a base vital to the air patrol of the sea routes and a possible object of Japanese attack.
At the end of 1943 the Battalion returned to India for a period of special training, in the Ahmednagar and Bombay areas, in amphibious operations with the role of Beach Group to the 33rd Indian Corps. It was during this period, and following the disastrous explosion of April 1944, that the Battalion performed notable service in clearing away the debris from the wrecked Bombay Docks.
In the last weeks of the war in Europe, during February 1945, the 14th Battalion proceeded overseas for service in Iraq (Mesopotamian campaign). Soon after the completion of its tour of duty there, the battalion was diembodied following the end of the Second World War.
Thereafter, the battalion was re-raised as a regular Infantry Battalion, designated the 14th Battalion The Maratha Light Infantry at Belgaum on 1 June 1971, a few months prior to its induction into the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. Lieutenant Colonel RK Dutt was the first Commanding Officer of the battalion. Since its re-raising, 14 MARATHA LI has served in almost every conceivable type of terrain and operation. The unit has been deployed in the icy heights of North Sikkim, as also the arid Thar desert. The soldiers have earned a name for themselves and their regiment in every exercise or operation they have been a part of.
Soldiers of the battalion.
Small of stature and casual of appearance, the wiry Mahratta comes of hard stock, is capable of enduring great hardships and privations which they have repeatedly proved in the hardships of the Abyssinian War, in the privations of Mesopotamia, or on the long marches of Allenby’s advance through Palestine, and more recently, on the bullet-swept heights of Keren, the mountains of Italy and the jungles of Assam and Burma. The Marathas have an enviable reputation for gallantry and loyal service. They tie the military turban with one fold which falls about the head and down the neck of the soldier in the most capricious convolutions. The Marathas trace their descent to the great 17th-century warrior Shivaji. The Marathas later formed a confederacy and campaigned across vast swathes of India, watered their horses in the Indus, harried the borders of Mysore, and set the scared citizens of Calcutta to digging the Mahratta Ditch.
In recognition of their unsullied reputation for loyalty the Mahratta Light Infantry was, in 1930, formed into a completely class Regiment, one of only three in the British Indian Army of that time, a matter of justifiable pride throughout the Regiment.
Uniform.
The 14th Battalion of the Maratha Light Infantry conforms to all dress regulations that are applicable to other sister battalions of the regiment (less 5 MARATHA LI, which wears a blue lanyard on the right shoulder). The officers and men of the unit also wear a green and red hackle atop their headgear (when in working dress (berets) only).

</doc>
<doc id="20540776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540776" title="Electoral district of Devonport">
Electoral district of Devonport

The Electoral district of Devonport was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based at the town of Devonport on Tasmania's north coast.
The seat was created in a redistribution ahead of the 1897 state election out of the abolished seat of East Devon. It was itself abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909. The circumstances of its first two by-elections were initiated when the member for Devonport, John Henry, resigned. At the resulting by-election on 21 June 1898, Ministerial candidate William Aikenhead was elected. However, the election was declared void. In October 1898, the Ministerial member for neighbouring Latrobe, Henry Murray, resigned to contest the resulting Devonport by-election (held on 25 October 1898), whilst Aikenhead contested the now-vacant seat of Latrobe at a by-election on 15 October 1898. Both were successful.

</doc>
<doc id="20540783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540783" title="Love The Love You Have">
Love The Love You Have

Love The Love You Have is the first self-released EP by the band, The Summer Set, that was released on November 30, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20540788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540788" title="Greg Boyed">
Greg Boyed

Greg Boyed is a television presenter from New Zealand. Best known as the newsreader of TV One's Tonight news. He has also been known to host Breakfast, 6 o'clock News and Q&A. He hosted Seven Sharp in 2013. He has one daughter.
Career.
Radio.
1991 worked as Chief reporter and newsreader at a radio station in Tauranga. Worked for IRN for four years; one as News and Sport reporter and sports reader in Wellington, and three as sports sub and reader in Auckland. He fills in at Newstalk ZB.
Television.
Boyed's first television work was as a general reporter for ATV regional television, where he then moved into the niche of business reporter for "The NBR Report".
Moving to TVNZ, Boyed at first worked as a fill-in business reporter and general reporter before working as the Auckland reporter for the investigative programme "Target", where he presented from 1999 to 2000.
Presenting:
After Target, in 2005 Boyed became a reporter on the investigative consumer affairs programme "Fair Go". He interviewed topical figures on current affairs interview show "Q+A" intermittently from 2004 to 2012. He also filled in as presenter on current affairs show "Close Up". Boyed co-presents "Seven Sharp" for TVNZ's Channel One.
Newsreading:
He had also presented the popular "One News at 6", and on now defunct TVNZ 7, the "News at 8".
Production:
Boyed is also sometimes involved in television production, most notably as Associate Producer of "Flipside" (2002-2004), an Executive Producer of "The Last Word" (2003), and Producer of "Tonight" (2010-2012).
Further reading.
http://tvnz.co.nz/national-news/greg-boyed-442995
http://www.nzonscreen.com/person/greg-boyed

</doc>
<doc id="20540793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540793" title="George Rothera">
George Rothera

George Rothera (born 12 November 1809 at Nottingham; died 31 October 1841 at Nottingham) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1835 to 1837. Mainly associated with Nottinghamshire, he made 10 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the North in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20540814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540814" title="Shami-Damulla">
Shami-Damulla

Shami-Damulla (died 1932) () was a nickname for Sa‘id ibn Muhammad ibn ‘Abd al-Wahid ibn ‘Ali al-‘Asali al-Tarablusi al-Shami al-Dimashqi, an important figure in the development of Islamic fundamentalism in Soviet Central Asia. Among his followers was Ziyauddin Babakhan, the second mufti of the Spiritual Administration of the Muslims of Central Asia and Kazakhstan.

</doc>
<doc id="20540820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540820" title="Poljana, Kamnik">
Poljana, Kamnik

Poljana is a small settlement above the Črnivec Pass in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20540832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540832" title="Richard Mills (cricketer)">
Richard Mills (cricketer)

Richard Mills (born 16 February 1798 at Pump Farm, Benenden, Kent; died 25 January 1882 at Rolvenden, Kent) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1825 to 1843.
A left-handed batsman and left arm medium pace roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Kent, he made 47 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the South in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20540841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540841" title="Strathtay">
Strathtay

Strathtay is a small rural village on the River Tay in Perthshire, Scotland. It is part of the Grandtully and Strathtay Conservation Area. Neighbouring Grandtully is situated on the other side of the Tay, across Grandtully Bridge.
Strathtay is a particularly attractive village in Highland Perthshire, very much shaped by the Scottish feu system, which has led to a prevalence of Victorian architecture and landscaping. The village has many stone houses with large, mature gardens containing oak, beech, and monkey-puzzle trees and rhododendrons. J. M. Barrie is known to have spent summer holidays at Beechwood in Strathtay.

</doc>
<doc id="20540870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540870" title="Poreber">
Poreber

Poreber is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20540872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540872" title="Arthur Rich">
Arthur Rich

Arthur Saunders Rich (born 28 June 1807 at Gravesend, Kent; died 4 September 1865 at Peckham, London) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1833 to 1838. A left-handed batsman, he made six known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the South in the North v. South series.

</doc>
<doc id="20540902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540902" title="Potok v Črni">
Potok v Črni

Potok v Črni is a small dispersed settlement on Black Creek (), a tributary of the Kamnik Bistrica River, in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20540915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540915" title="Victory High School">
Victory High School

Victory High School (now known as Adamston Elementary School) was a public high school in Clarksburg, West Virginia that operated from 1917 through 1973. The school colors were black and orange. They were known as the Victory Fighting Eagles. The school is still in operation today as Adamston Elementary School. In 1998 a new bricked driveway was built in front the former high school to allow students to be dropped off and picked up in a safe environment. To cover the cost of this project, a brick wall was also established containing names of former Victory High Alumni, Faculty, Adamston Elementary Students and all veterans. Bricks were sold from $20 to $50 and totally covered the cost of the project.
Athletics.
Two state basketball championships were won. The first was by the 1933 team, coached by Farley Bell. The second team was coached by Howard "Doc" Hutson won in 1941.
World War II.
Seventeen students lost their lives in the armed services during World War II.
Faculty.
Full time principals:

</doc>
<doc id="20540923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540923" title="Daniel Hayward senior">
Daniel Hayward senior

Daniel Hayward (born 25 August 1808 at Mitcham, Surrey; died 29 May 1852 at Cambridge) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1832 to 1851. He was the father of Cambridgeshire batsmen Thomas Hayward and Daniel Hayward junior; and the grandfather of Tom Hayward, the Surrey and England opener.
A right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who was mainly associated with Cambridge Town Club, Hayward made 24 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the North in the North v. South series. 
He is buried in the Mill Road cemetery, Cambridge, as is his son Thomas Hayward.

</doc>
<doc id="20540929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540929" title="Potok, Kamnik">
Potok, Kamnik

Potok is a small village in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies on the Nevljica River in the Tuhinj Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="20540932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540932" title="Wikindx">
Wikindx

Wikindx is a free bibliographic and quotations/notes management and article authoring system (Virtual Research Environment) designed either for single use (on a variety of operating systems) or multi-user collaborative use across the internet. Wikindx falls within the category of reference management software, but also provides functionality to write notes and entire papers. Developed under the GNU GPL license, the project homepage can be found at sourceforge.net and the required files/updates are available for download there.

</doc>
<doc id="20540935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540935" title="Eurochambres">
Eurochambres

EUROCHAMBRES is the Association of European Chambers of Commerce and Industry. The association is one of the largest business representative organisation in Brussels, representing over 20 million companies through 45 members and a European network of 1,700 regional and local Chambers. About 98% of these enterprises are SMEs.
EUROCHAMBRES' direct members are national associations of Chambers of Commerce based in 26 EU countries, EFTA countries, and some Eastern European, Western Balkans and Mediterranean countries.
EUROCHAMBRES represents, serves and promotes European Chambers of Commerce and Industry through lobbying, development of projects and services to members.
History.
EUROCHAMBRES was founded 28 February 1958 as the "Conférence Permanente des Chambres de Commerce et d’Industrie de la CEE" by six members with the mission to promote the views of Chamber organisations on the unification of national legislation at
the European level and to form opinions regarding the modifications to be made to commercial legislation. An important objective of the Conférence was also to bring closer competences in order to provide an example of the European cooperation of the highest quality level. The Conférence Permanente held its first assembly in Strasbourg on 28 February 1958. Initial members were national association of Chambers of Commerce and Industry from Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and Netherlands. The year 1961 saw the creation of the first technical committees and 4 new members joined. A permanent Secretariat was created in 1977 (before the various countries assumed the role in turns).
EUROCHAMBRES, the Association of European Chambers of Commerce and Industry was registered as an International non profit organisation in Belgium (Aisbl- Association internationale à but non lucratif) in 1977.
The network expanded progressively to 45 national associations plus two transnational organisations of Chambers from an enlarged Europe. 
In 2008, EUROCHAMBRES organised the first "European Parliament of Enterprises" that gathered some 774 European businesses of all sizes and from all sectors in the European Parliament hemicycle in Brussels. The opening session was led by Hans-Gert Pöttering, President of the European Parliament, José Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission, Hervé Novelli, French Minister of State for Business, Trade, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, Tourism and Services and Pierre Simon, then President of EUROCHAMBRES. Three sessions of debates and votes followed, each in the presence of an MEP and a European Commissioner.
President.
Richard Weber, President of the Saarland Chamber of Commerce (Germany) was elected new President of the Association of European Chambers of Commerce and Industry in October 2013. 
References.
- Norway mission to the EU (29/09/2005) - EC President Barroso spoke at the EUROCHAMBRES Congress in Stavanger [http://www.eu-norway.org/news/newsarchives/Eurochambres.htm]
- http://www.europolitics.info/business-competitiveness/richard-weber-eurochambres-art355997-45.html

</doc>
<doc id="20540936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540936" title="Sullivan (song)">
Sullivan (song)

"Sullivan" is a song by Caroline's Spine and the debut single from their major label debut album, "Monsoon". It was previously included on their independently released albums, "Ignore the Ants" and "Huge", in 1995 and '96. The song was later included on the 2006 compilation, "The Collection". It quickly became the band's most popular song, and despite only reaching #23 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks, "Sullivan" maintains strong popularity for both its accessible melody and compelling subject matter.
Overview.
The song tells the true story of five siblings, the Sullivan brothers from Waterloo, Iowa, who died aboard the USS "Juneau" in World War II. Lyrically, it focuses on Mrs. Sullivan's communication both with her sons and the military. Caroline's Spine singer and main songwriter Jimmy Newquist wrote the song after reading the war documentary "Hollywood Goes to War". Regarding his inspiration, he remarked: 
Newquist later noted, "The song was an act of love. . . I sleep well at night knowing that I brought attention to something that shouldn't be forgotten." He has also regarded it among his top favorite Caroline's Spine songs.
Musically, "Sullivan" opens with a galloping bass line before kicking into a full instrumental intro complete with a somber, three-note lead guitar. The verses maintain a quick tempo and detail the Sullivans' boarding a train and writing to their mother about the war. The first two choruses feature messages from the military to Mrs. Sullivan regarding the enlistment and status of her sons; the last line of each encourages Mrs. Sullivan to "keep her Blue Star in the window." A gentle melody and slowing in pace mark the bridge before declaring the Sullivan boys' tragic demise. As the intensity returns, a third chorus informs Mrs. Sullivan of their death in the same fashion as those prior, suggesting that she "change her Blue Star to Gold."
"Sullivan" was originally written as a stripped down acoustic song in contrast to the full-fledged electric ensemble recorded for the album. Such an acoustic version was also recorded, however, and has received occasional radio play since the success of the original single.
Live performances.
As one of their most famous songs, "Sullivan" is a Caroline's Spine concert staple. The popularity and patriotism of the song also earned the band a gig on the USS "Enterprise" in 1998.
On November 16, 2008, the Sullivan Brothers Iowa Veterans Museum opened to the public in Waterloo, Iowa, and at the event, Jimmy Newquist performed an acoustic rendition of the song. This special performance was added at the last minute as Caroline's Spine coincidentally played at Spicoli's Grill in town two nights earlier. Kelly Sullivan Loughren, granddaughter of Albert Sullivan, spoke at the event and later praised the performance, saying "That was really special to hear that song. . . He just brought me to tears."
Reception.
Ned Raggett of "Allmusic" declared "Sullivan" the greatest track on "Monsoon". He praised it as "a surprisingly affecting reworking of the story," adding "Newquist's voice is both affecting and yearning, and the abrupt lead guitar figure is downright beautiful. If the band deserves to be remembered for anything, it's this great radio-ready history lesson that connects rather than patronizes."
Music video.
The "Sullivan" video debuted in late 1997. It features black & white footage of the band performing and the 1944 biographical war film "The Fighting Sullivans".

</doc>
<doc id="20540939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540939" title="Forequarter amputation">
Forequarter amputation

Forequarter amputation is amputation of the arm, scapula & clavicle. It is usually performed as a last resort to remove a cancer, but decreasingly so as limb-sparing operations improve.
Surgical technique.
The rhomboid muscles, trapezius, levator scapulae and latissimus dorsi are transected. The neurovascular bundle consisting of the axillary artery, axillary vein and brachial plexus is ligated and cut. The area of the chest left exposed is then normally covered with a split-thickness skin graft.
In the news.
In 2008, Mr. David Nott, a British vascular surgeon in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with Médecins Sans Frontières performed a forequarter amputation to save the life of a 16-year-old boy, whose arm had been severed by an injury. It is unclear whether the arm was bitten off by a hippopotamus or destroyed by crossfire in the conflict. He was left with a gangrenous stump and had a few days to live. It made the news because his colleague, Professor Meirion Thomas, sent pointers via SMS text message. The text message included 10 steps to be followed and finished by saying, "Easy! Good luck."

</doc>
<doc id="20540940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540940" title="Jingyuan County, Ningxia">
Jingyuan County, Ningxia

Jingyuan County () is a county under the administration of Guyuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 961 square kilometers, and a population of approximately 120,000 people.
Characteristics.
Jingyuan County, located at the southern tip of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, is the source of the Jing River. It is an agricultural region, with wheat being the primary crop. In recent years, the county has also begun to produce vegetables. The county government is located in the town of Xiangshui, and the county's postal code is 756400.
History and Demographics.
According to the 1983 data, 96.8% of Jingyuan County's population (79,823 persons out of the then total population of 82,464) were Hui (Chinese Muslims) - the highest by far percentage of the Hui in any county-level jurisdiction in Ningxia or anywhere else in China. (Ningxia's county with second-highest percentage of Hui in its total population was Tongxin County, with 79.0% Hui). According to Dru C. Gladney, the area became so heavily Hui after the suppression of the Dungan revolt (1862-1877), when many Muslims fled to, or were forcibly relocated to this mountainous district, near the Liu Pan mountain range, from other, more strategically located areas which the government wanted to keep Hui-free. Even in modern times one can still see remains of Qing-era forts that were built on hilltops to monitor the potentially troublesome Hui settlers.

</doc>
<doc id="20540944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540944" title="Praproče v Tuhinju">
Praproče v Tuhinju

Praproče v Tuhinju () is a small settlement above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Praproče" to "Praproče v Tuhinju" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20540950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540950" title="Hemanter Pakhi">
Hemanter Pakhi

Hemanter Pakhi (,English title: Autumn Bird) (2002) is an award-winning Indian Bengali feature film directed by Urmi Chakraborty.
Plot.
This is a story of a Bengali housewife who takes up writing as a career after twenty three years of her marriage. She is introduced to a new world and new friends. Her work gets appreciated and this brings a new twist in her life. She starts discovering her husband and her beloved children in new light. This creates trouble in her family and she sacrifices her dream for the sake of her family.

</doc>
<doc id="20540960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540960" title="2009 W-League (North America)">
2009 W-League (North America)

The 2009 W-League Season is the league's 15th. The regular season began on May 8 with the Hampton Roads Piranhas defeating the Charlotte Lady Eagles 2–1 in Charlotte. The season will end with 10 games on July 19. The playoffs begin on July 22 and end on August 7 or 8.
Pali Blues repeated as W-League champions, defeating the Washington Freedom Reserves in come-from-behind fashion 2–1, which was also how they had won their previous title. Iris Mora was named the Playoffs MVP.
FC Indiana's Laura del Río finished with the most points (40) and goals (18), while her teammate Monica Ocampo led the league in assists (11). Shannon Lynn, also of FC Indiana, led the league in GAA (0.116) and shutouts (10), and only allowed 2 goals the entire regular season.
Changes from 2008 season.
Name Changes.
Six teams changed their name in the off-season:
Expansion Teams.
Two teams were added for the season:
Teams Leaving.
Six teams folded after the 2008 season:
Jersey Sky Blue and Washington Freedom both have expansion teams in Women's Professional Soccer. Washington have chosen to keep their reserve squad in the W-League, while Jersey has sold the rights to their W-League team to New York-based Quickstrike FC, which became Hudson Valley Quickstrike Lady Blues.
Standings.
"Orange indicates W-League title and bye into W-League semifinals."<br>
"Purple indicates division title clinched"<br>
"Green indicates playoff berth clinched"
Central Conference.
Eastern Conference.
Northeast Division.
"* – The Boston Renegades qualified for the Eastern Conference playoffs but declined to participate, so the Charlotte Lady Eagles joined as the next most qualified team."
"** – Western Mass forfeited a 1–0 victory to New York due to an ineligible player, and was deducted an additional three points."
Playoffs.
Format.
The Hudson Valley Quickstrike Lady Blues earned a bye directly to the W-League Semifinals. The Washington Freedom Reserves were moved into the top spot in the Northeast Division, and the Charlotte Lady Eagles received the division's second playoff spot (the Boston Renegades were the original holders of the second spot, but declined to enter).
The Central Conference will have 5 playoff spots. The second and third place teams from the Great Lakes Division will play each other. The winner will play the Midwest Division champions, while the Great Lakes Division champion will play the second place team of the Midwest Division. The winners of those games will play to determine the conference champion. The Eastern Conference division champions will play the second place team of the opposite division, the winners facing off to determine who goes to the W-League Semifinals. The Western Conference will have their top two teams facing off to determine their conference champion.
The W-League Semifinals will put the regular season champion against the lowest seeded conference champion, and the higher-ranked conference champions against each other. The winners of these games will play in the championship, while the losers will play in the Third Place game.
Conference Brackets.
Central Conference
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
Awards.
The finalists for W-League MVP, U19 Player of the Year, Coach of the Year, and Defender of the Year were announced on August 3, 2009, with the winners to be announced on August 5. The Goalkeeper of the Year was announced on August 3.
All-League and All-Conference Teams.
Central Conference.
F: Laura del Río*, IND; Amber Hearn*, OTT; Caroline Smith, MIN<br>
M: Gemma Davison*, CHI; Jennifer Hance, OTT; Fatima Leyva, IND; Rosa Tantillo*, BUF<br>
D: Jenny Jeffers, CHI; Ria Percival*, OTT; Clare Rustad, TOR<br>
G: Shannon Lynn, IND<br>
Honorable Mention: Margaret Allgeier, D, FW; Haley Ford, D, CLE; Christina Julien, F, LAV; Melissa Lesage, F, QC; Heather MacDougall, M, HAM; Courtney Nash, M, WMi; Anna Stinson, M, KAL; Jenn Wolbert, G, LON; Casey Zimney, D, ROC
Eastern Conference.
F: Angelika Johansson*, HV; Jen Parsons, WAS; Brittany Tegeler, WAS<br>
M: Lindsay Ozimek, CHA; Christina Rife, CHA; Megan Tomlinson, ATL<br>
D: Casey Brown, BOS; Ashleigh Gunning*, HV; Philisha Lewis, TB; Brittany Taylor*, HV<br>
G: Michelle Betos*, ATL<br>
Honorable Mention: Mary Casey, G, NV; Brooke DeRosa, M, LI; Shaneka Gordon, F, HR; Robyn Jones, G, NJ; Courtney McMahon, M, NY; Rachel Richards, M, WMa; Fortuna Velaj, F, & Lindsay Vera, F, CON; Jennifer Woodie, D, RIC
Western Conference.
F: Iris Mora, PAL; Jodi Ann Robinson, VAN<br>
M: Michelle French*, SEA; Tobin Heath, PAL; Nikki Marshall, COL; Carmelina Moscato, VAN; Nikki Washington*, PAL<br>
D: Jenea Gibbons, LA; Kelli Smith, SEA; Leah Tapscott, PAL<br>
G: Katie Hultin, SEA<br>
Honorable Mention: Kay Hawke, G, VEN, Taryn Hemmings, M, RC
Source website.
USL historical stats

</doc>
<doc id="20540964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540964" title="Laurence G. Leavitt">
Laurence G. Leavitt

Laurence Gillelan Leavitt (1903–2000) was the longtime headmaster of Vermont Academy in Saxtons River, Vermont, United States, where he succeeded in steering the preparatory school from dire financial straits to financial health by strengthening its curriculum and building its extracurricular activities.
Leavitt was born on April 1, 1903 and lived in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, until he was fifteen. A graduate of Quincy High School in Quincy, Massachusetts, and Dartmouth College, where he was a star fullback on the college football team, Leavitt later served as assistant headmaster at Tabor Academy in Marion, Massachusetts. In 1934 Dartmouth College president Ernest Martin Hopkins, asked to suggest a candidate for the troubled Vermont Academy, which was teetering on the edge of bankruptcy, suggested his fellow Dartmouth graduate Laurence Leavitt. 
During Leavitt's 25-year tenure as head of Vermont Academy, he managed to double enrollment, retire the school's debt and made substantial improvements to the school's campus.
Laurence Leavitt died at age 97 on November 30, 2000. He and his wife Dorothy (Hall) Leavitt lived for many years on Main Street in Norwich, Vermont, and they were longtime donors to Dartmouth College, where they established awards in field hockey and women's basketball. They also helped endow Dartmouth football's Bennett/Hall Lounge. 
Leavitt received Dartmouth's Alumni Award in 1925. Dorothy (Hall) Leavitt was the daughter of Edward Kimball Hall, a Dartmouth College graduate, early American Telephone and Telegraph Company executive and later professor at Dartmouth's Amos Tuck School of Business Administration who, with his wife, donated the school infirmary Dick Hall's House to the college in honor of their son Richard Drew Hall who died as a Dartmouth sophomore in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="20540968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540968" title="Dragon Bone Stone">
Dragon Bone Stone

Dragon Bone Stone (龍紋石), is Taiwan’s (台灣) local special mineral. Dragon Bone Stone’s color is mainly bronze due to the rich copper minerals it contains, which are oxidized over the time. 
Taiwan is one of the pacific islands located on the Pacific Volcano Zone. 
In its history, the island had frequent geothermal and volcano activities. Geothermal activity causes Taiwan’s subterranean strata to jostle one another under conditions of extreme high pressure and heat. Many famous gem mines were born in this way. For example, Taiwan’s Hualien county (花蓮) produces high quality and quantity marble (大理石) and opal (貓眼石).
When geothermal activity turns into orogeny (the formation of mountains), the mine is pushed out from the subterranean stratum and raised high up together. The gem mine is now located in the high altitude mountains in Taiwan’s Central Mountain Range (中央山脈). 
The distinctive appearance of Dragon Bone Stone is due the metal, jade, and stone contained within it. 
When its stone part is polished, it can appear black, olive green, crimson red, orange colors. 
When its metal part is polished, it reveals titanium silver and golden bronze colors. 
When its jade part is polished, it shows green jade, milk white, amber colors. 
After polishing the metal part, the metal shows different lines and images similar to shiny metal bones or scales implants perfectly together with jade and stone. 
It is called Dragon Bone Stone because of the presence of these scales.
Dragon Bone Stone’s hardness is softer than quartz (hardness 7.0). It has hardness 5.5 ~ 6. Human finger nails are about 2.5. 
Dragon Bone Stone can be found on the riverbeds of Zhuo-Shui Xi (also known as: Cho-Shui Xi, literally means River of Turbidity, 濁水溪) and Laui-Lon Xi (Mustard Thick River, 荖濃溪). Most of the stones are carried down by the river current from the high mountains. In year 1999, Taiwan experienced grievous “921 Earthquake”. The source of Dragon Bone Stone mine was broken and cut off. It became more difficult to obtain the stones.
Taiwan does not mass-produce Dragon Bone Stone due to its scarcity. In any case, the stones are also difficult to find.
The miners look up and search stones one by one on the riverbed. Sometimes, even a whole day's search does not reveal a single stone. Moreover, after the 921 Earthquake broke the mine vein, fewer stones flushed down together with river current. 
There are only two ways to increase the quantity. 
One way is for a miner to adventure into high mountains to find the original source of the gem. It may take few days to several weeks, and sometimes a search is in vain. The other way is to go into dangerous river beds when the water level is high, immediately after the typhoons have died. Typhoons bring a tremendous amount of rain. In these conditions, river turbulence produces enough force to carry and flush down more new stones to the riverbeds. However, the miners must risk their lives to gather the stones at the risk of mountain river torrent. Therefore, a Dragon Bone Stone is expensive.
Dragon Bone Stone can weigh from grams to tons. 
The huge ones are usually placed at hotel lobbies as collectables after being polished. 
The small ones are good for necklaces and accessories after being professionally jewelry designed. 
The stone itself gives owners classic, elegant and noble decorations.
The most popular small Dragon Bone Stones are rounded. These are easily polished and lend themselves to making simple yet beautiful jewellery.

</doc>
<doc id="20540970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540970" title="The Defects">
The Defects

The Defects are a punk rock band from Belfast, Northern Ireland, formed in 1979.
History.
The band formed in 1978 with a lineup of Ian "Buck" Murdock (vocals), Marcus "Dukie" Duke (Guitar), Jeff Gilmore (bass) and Glenn Kingsmore (drums). After playing locally, they recorded their first demo, but when this failed to gain them a record deal, they started their own Casualty Records label and issued their debut 7", "Dance (Until You Drop)". The three-song EP sold all 2000 copies and brought the band to the attention of the UK music press. "Melody Maker" journalist Carol Clerk befriended the band and recommended them to John Curd, manager of WXYZ Records, who signed them to his label. Gary Smith replaced Fenton on bass, and The Defects moved to London in 1982 and embarked on the six-week "So What" UK tour with labelmates The Anti-Nowhere League, Chelsea and Chron Gen. The tour was filmed by Stewart Copeland (with backing from brother Miles) with a view to cinema release, but it was never issued. A second single, "Survival" was issued in 1982, reaching No. 8 in the UK Indie Chart. The band recorded their debut (and only) album, "Defective Breakdown", in 1982. With Curd looking for ways to gain crossover success for the bands on his label, he persuaded The Defects to record a cover version of Elvis Presley's "Suspicious Minds". With producer Ray Shulman on keyboards, the single's release in early 1984 coincided with the decline in popularity of second-wave punk, and did not sell well. With control of the band's destiny slipping away, Murdock left the band after the release of "Suspicious Minds". The band continued, playing a gig supporting 999 with Kingsmore on vocals, before Murdock rejoined to play in support of The Clash in Belfast. The band then split more permanently, with all members returning to Belfast except Duke, who stayed in London. Kingsmore joined Western Justice with former members of Rabies, including Murdock's brother Gary, and was later a member of Ashanti.
Murdock revived the Defects name in 1996 for a one-off performance at a punk festival, which was filmed and released on video by Barn End Video as "Live at the Pavilion 12.10.96". He later started the punk and ska covers band Doghouse.
The Defects reformed again in 2010 and regularly play various punk festivals. In 2012 they toured Australia and played the Rebellion Punk Festival in Blackpool in August 2013. They are confirmed to play at Rebellion again in 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="20540972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540972" title="ICEF (College)">
ICEF (College)

The International College of Economics and Finance (ICEF) was created in 1997 as an autonomous department of the National Research University — Higher School of Economics (NRU-HSE) with participation of the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). For 10 years, ICEF has had a history of a successful partnership between the leading Russian and UK universities in developing a joint Bachelor degree programme in Economics.
ICEF is financially supported by the consortium of major Russian banks and financial institutions: Sberbank, Vneshtorgbank, RAO UES of Russia (until 1 July 2008), Vnesheconombank, MICEX, Eurofinance, Gazprombank; by the British Know-How Fund, Basic Element and the National Training Foundation. Besides, BP Trading Limited and VTB-24 are among sponsors of ICEF's MSc programme. Thanks to their support it has become possible decrease education fees and establish several levels of discount. The representatives of sponsoring organizations compose ICEF Board of Trustees, which coordinates, elaborates and carries out the strategy of ICEF's development. Established in 1998, the Board of Trustees holds the annual meetings, where ICEF budget is planned and approved, reports about its execution are read, and College's development strategies are discussed.
History in Important dates.
1997 The contract between NRU-HSE and the LSE on the founding of ICEF
as an autonomous division of NRU-HSE is concluded. The ICEF Board of Trustees
is formed, which includes Sberbank, Vneshtorgbank, Vnesheconombank,
Eurofinance bank, The Moscow Interbank Stock Exchange,
and later Gazprombank and “United Energy Systems”.
The first group of 38 students are admitted to ICEF’s double degree programme.
1998 The first group of students enroll at the University of London in
“Banking and finance”, the first specialisation offered by ICEF.
The “Know How Fund” grants ICEF a two year supporting grant.
1999 ICEF’s second specialisation: “Economics and management,”
is opened within the framework of the University of London programme.
2001 The first graduation ceremony for ICEF students is held, and 13 graduates receive
two diplomas, from NRU-HSE and the University of London. Of these,
3 achieve Upper Second class honours.
The second contract with the LSE is signed.
2002 6 graduates receive diplomas from the University of London
with First class honours. A National Training Foundation loan is received
on a competitive basis within the framework of the Innovational Educational
Development Project, which was made possible by a loan from the IBRD.
ICEF’s research programme is opened.
2003 The third specialization: "Economics" (which is actually the basic
one offered at the LSE), is opened.
2004 The process of recruiting full-time teachers who are PhD graduates from leading foreign universities with internationally recognised qualifications is begun.
2005 More than 60% finish the programme with
good and excellent grades. Of the 43 graduates, 7 receive the
degree with First class honours, and 13 receive Upper Second class honours. Of 19 awards for academic achievements intended
for students around the world studying in the University of London’s
and the LSE’s External programme, 6 are awarded to ICEF students,
and 11 out of 37 Letters of Commendation are awarded to students
at the College. The ICEF Board of Trustees approves the plan
for the development of ICEF over the next four years, including
the creation of a Masters programme with the participation
of the LSE. The third contract with the LSE is signed.
2006 Of 54 graduates, 13 receive
First class honours degrees. This is about one third of all First class
diplomas given worldwide each year. The fourth specialisation
in the Bachelors programme: “Economics and Finance,” is opened.
NRU-HSE’s Academic Council approves the concept of a two-year
Masters programme in “Financial Economics,” which will be
implemented with the participation of the LSE.
2007 The Masters programme at ICEF in “Financial Economics”
is opened. ICEF moves to new premises at NRU-HSE campus
at Pokrovsky boulevard.
Admission.
The admission of students to ICEF is based on the results of the NRU-HSE entrance examinations. Students then apply for admission to the LSE international programme at the end of their first year at ICEF. To enter the University of London’s international programme the prospective student must pass both the NRU-HSE examinations as well as international examinations, namely the Advanced Placement Tests (APT) in Economics, Calculus and Statistics,and IELTS in English language. On passing these examinations at the beginning of the second year the students are then allowed to enroll on the international programme of the University of London. Each successive year, ICEF students must pass examinations as a part of both the Russian programme and the University of London’s international programme . ICEF’s integrated curriculum is designed to allow the students to be taught both universities’ curricula and receive double degree. This is because the University of London examinations meet the requirements not only for the British but also the Russian diploma in professional subjects. At the same time, the Russian programme is broader than the British international programme and ICEF students are required to study a number of additional courses under the Russian programme.
Double degree programme.
Studies at the ICEF BSc programme last for 4 years. Subjects are taught mainly in English. ICEF programme includes subjects of the University of London International Programmes, as well as subjects and activities, necessary to obtain an NRU-HSE degree. To meet the international standards the list of subjects in the ICEF teaching plan is reduced compared with usual Russian programme, aimed to study fundamental disciplines profoundly. As ICEF students follow the University of London International Programme, beginning from the 2nd year, they are to choose one of the four specializations offered: Banking and Finance, Economics and Management, Economics and Finance, Economics.
Tuition takes place in groups of no more than 20 and strong support is given to encourage independent studies, combined with lectures, which is the main condition for high qualification. Teaching materials include the latest Russian and foreign textbooks as well as regular handouts. The students’ questioning is regularly organized to get their opinion about studying and teaching in ICEF and their progress is constantly being monitored.
In ICEF lectures are read by Russian and foreign professors, mostly from NRU-HSE and LSE, as well as from MSU and NES, and by researchers from international research centres. Teaching visits of LSE professors play the important part in development of the double degree programme: they coordinate teaching programmes, consult the teachers, participate in research and teaching methods’ workshops.
There have already been seven cohorts in ICEF; totally 79% of ICEF BSc graduates have got the University of London diplomas with 1st or 2nd class honours. The majority of ICEF graduates continue their education on postgraduate programmes in NRU-HSE or abroad. The best ICEF graduates get scholarships from commercial companies and financial organizations to continue their studies on MSc programmes at LSE and other foreign universities.
Nowadays ICEF and LSE are solving new tasks: the further development of BSc double degree programme and of the newly opened MSc programme in Financial Economics of international standing.
MSc programme.
In February 2006 the Academic Council of the HSE approved the Concept and Curriculum of the ICEF MSc programme in Applied Economics and Finance. With the academic support of the LSE, a new Masters programme “Financial economics” sponsored by Sberbank, RAO UES, BP Trading Ltd. and VTB-24 (scholarship support) is available at ICEF from September 2007. The programme is designed for graduates with a basic knowledge of economic theory and a good mathematical background and strong command of English. The Master’s programme serves as an academic extension of the existing ICEF Bachelor’s programme.
The purpose of the programme is to train experts up to a world class level in the field of economics and finance, so that they will have a knowledge of modern economic theory and the skills to apply it in the financial sphere.
Students.
Academic results of ICEF students are maintained at a consistently high level. Every year, best students receive Awards for Academic Achievement and Letters of Commendation from the University of London International Programme(annually, the University of London honours approximately 40 to 50 out of approximately 13000 of its international students from more than 60 countries with such awards and letters). Since 2000, ICEF students have received 32 Awards and 42 Letters. In 2008, 5 Awards and 9 Letters of Commendation came to ICEF. Besides, twelve best results in the world in separate examinations were demonstrated by College students: in Mathematics, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics, Econometrics, Corporate Finance, International Economics, Monetary Economics, Industrial Organisation and other disciplines. In 2008 ICEF students, therefore, possess the highest results in the world in all special subjects related to economics in which they were examined.
ICEF uses its own educational fees differentiation system, along with other mechanisms, to motivate students. The fees are calculated according to the academic successes of the students. There is a system of grants that cover educational costs of the most talented first year students who are the winners of the All-Russia Olympiads in Economics and Mathematics. The total number of ICEF students today exceeds 700.
In 2008, 79 students graduated from ICEF, which was the largest figure in College's history by that time. Previously, the most numerous classes were those of 2007 and 2006, including 77 and 55 students, respectively. Among 2008 alumni, 24 Bachelors (over 30%) received First Class Honours diplomas from the University of London, and this is also the best result in ICEF history (usually, the number of First Class Honours diplomas awarded worldwide does not exceed 70 for several thousand UoL International Programme graduates).
In 2008, 107 out of 118 students (90.7%) passed the international APT (Advances Placement Test) examinations, which ICEF students take at the end of their first year of study. Among these, 22 (18.6%) students obtained excellent grades in all four subjects. Average scores in all subjects were quite impressive: specifically, those in Macroeconomics (3.91), Microeconomics (4.08), Statistics (3.51) and Calculus (4.45) significantly exceeded worldwide figures, and average scores in Calculus and Microeconomics turned out to be among the highest in ICEF's existence.
Achievements of ICEF students are acknowledged by the NRU-HSE: A. Khreshkov in 2001 and R. Kirdan in 2003 were awarded the "Zolotaya Vyshka" prize as SU-HSE students of the year; in 2002, 2006 and 2007 S. Kovalskaya, A. Neklyudov and V. Mukharlyamov were nominated for this prize. In 2008, Vladimir Mukharlyamov received the External Programme Award from the University of London; he was named the best graduate of the entire External Programme.
Despite a very tight academic schedule, ICEF students have a very rich life. They take part in multiple events devoted to various holidays such as Students' Day and St. Valentine's Day, and participate in New Year and Christmas parties.
There are many students' organizations and clubs in the ICEF, so that students could improve their "soft skills", which cannot be learnt in the classroom. Sport is inseparable of ICEF students and PED is included into the list of essential subjects. Some are fond of chess, others play tennis. ICEF teams in football, basketball, and volleyball are successful participators in the university sport competitions.
Student organizations.
There are many student organizations in ICEF:
Case club - business case club, in which students of ICEF are active participants. The case solutions, presented by the students are evaluated by invited experts from leading world companies. Jury consists of invited experts.
Debate club - debate club, in context of which debates are held. The art of debate is taught by the winners of various international contests.
ICEFer periodical - ICEF newspaper with economic and political reviews written by the students.
Icef.ru"' - ICEF student site.
"Corporatives" - organisation of holidays, collective outings, contests, games and other team building activities.
Sports - conduct of different affairs concerned with ICEF football teams, organisation of competitions - basketball, chess, billiards, table tennis and lots of others.
HSE relations - connections with student boards from other faculties of HSE, coordination of mutual HSE activities.
Fortnight insights - organisation of meetings with interesting businessmen and businesswomen, discussion of contemporary economic problems.
Humanity extra studies - meetings and interesting discussions with Ledyaev, Antov, Porus.
Presentations of student scientific works - seminars, on which students can present their scientific works, researchs, term paper, receive useful comments on contents and form of presentation, etc.
Photogallery - association of all ICEF photographers, organisation of photo contests, photo exhibitions, etc.
Research.
The ICEF Research Initiative was launched in 2003 by the decision of the International Academic Committee of ICEF and with financial assistance of the National Training Foundation (NTF). The aim of this initiative is to foster research activities at ICEF, and build its research potential and reputation as a modern research department. Research by ICEF teachers and students plays a major role in raising the qualifications of the faculty, while the availability of advances in modern economic science in the world for the students helps them to develop their skills for independent analytical work.
The programme activities are being monitored and supervised by the ICEF Academic Committee chaired by the Professor Richard Jackman of LSE. Research activities at ICEF are coordinated by Alexis Belianin (PhD, University of Manchester, 2000). The committee members give advice and suggestions on various projects and facilitate contacts between ICEF researchers and LSE academics.
Research activities at ICEF received a new impetus with the recruitment of full-time academics from the international labour market. The first appointed academic, Dr. Maxim Nikitin, got his PhD at the University of Pittsburgh (1999), and had worked at the University of Alberta before joining ICEF in 2005. In 2006 - 2008, PhD Economics Vladimir Sokolov, Carsten Sprenger, Sergey Gelman, Stanimir Morfov, Anna Yurko, Igor Mouraviev, and Roman Zakharenko joined the ICEF academic staff. Introduction of such positions substantially enhances the level and scope of research activities at ICEF, which nowadays extends from monetary economics and applied international trade to law and economics, political economy and experimental economics.

</doc>
<doc id="20540976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20540976" title="Nur Mahmudi Ismail">
Nur Mahmudi Ismail

Dr. Ir. H. Nur Mahmudi Ismail was born in Kediri, November 11, 1961. Currently he is the Mayor of Depok City, a satellite city of West Java located in the southern part of Jakarta.
Political career.
Ismail was the first chairman of Prosperous Justice Party ("formerly Justice Party"), when the party was created in 1998. Later, after the 1999 general election, Ismail resigned from his position as the chairman of the party after being chosen by President Abdurrahman Wahid to serve as the minister of forestry in the United National Cabinet. He held this position from 1999 to 2000, when President Wahid replaced him with Marzuki Usman.
Mayor.
In 2005, together with his running mate, Yuyun Wirasaputra, Ismail narrowly won the mayoral election, beating the incumbent Badrul Kamal.

</doc>
<doc id="20541003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541003" title="Paula Jean Myers-Pope">
Paula Jean Myers-Pope

Paula Jean Myers-Pope (1934 – 1995) was a diver and Olympic medalist from LaVerne, California. She attended high school in West Covina, California, then entered USC on a leadership scholarship as there were no collegiate women's athletic programs at the time. P.J. (as she was called by her friends) was inducted into the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority in 1954 and married Karl Pope (a USC basketball player) in 1959. They were married until her death 38 years later in 1995. P.J.and Karl produced five children: Thane Dean Pope, Darci Ann Pope, Stacy Lee Pope, Sydnee Leeann Pope, and Derek Lindsey Pope. She graduated from USC with a degree in Dental Hygiene and worked part time at her profession for over 20 years.
At 15 years of age, she received a silver medal in the 10 meter tower event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, a bronze medal in the same event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, and two silver medals at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy, one in the 3 meter springboard event and one in the 10M tower. She won two gold medals at the 1959 Pan American Games, in both platform and springboard. She has been inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
After the Olympics, P.J.and her husband Karl and family, moved to Ojai, California where they developed the Ojai Valley Racquet Club and operated it together for 22 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20541022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541022" title="Pšajnovica">
Pšajnovica

Pšajnovica (in older sources also "Pišajnovica", ) is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Leonard.

</doc>
<doc id="20541025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541025" title="KSGF (AM)">
KSGF (AM)

KSGF (1260 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Springfield, Missouri, USA. The station, which launched in 1926 as KGBX, is owned by the Journal Broadcast Corporation. The station also simulcast on 104.1 FM, which is licensed to Ash Grove, Missouri, USA.
Programming.
KSGF broadcasts a News/Talk radio format. Weekday programming includes a local morning show called, "KSGF Mornings with Nick Reed," hosted by Nick Reed with executive producer Kortni Tucker. The remainder of the weekday is taken up by syndicated shows hosted by Glenn Beck, Neal Boortz, Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, Michael Savage and Midnight Trucking Radio Network, Clark Howard. Weekend programming includes local shows like The Gun Show with Matt Canovi, Tech Talk, MyPC Talk, and additional shows like USA Financial Headquarters, and "The Mutual Fund Show with Adam Bold." Local news comes from the KTTS news team and national news comes from Fox News Radio.
History.
The beginning.
This station first began broadcasting in 1926 as KGBX on 1040 kHz in St. Joseph, Missouri. The station was set up by entrepreneur Ralph D. Foster and partner Jerry Hall at the Foster-Hall Tire Co. to advertise their Firestone Tire dealership. By mid-1930 KGBX had changed frequencies to 1310 kHz and by mid-1931 the station had been sold to KGBX Inc. In 1932, after the partnership dissolved, KGBX relocated to Springfield, Missouri, and by 1942 had changed frequencies to the current 1260 kHz. In 1944, KGBX was acquired by the Springfield Broadcasting Company. This new company was under the ownership of the publishers of the "Springfield News & Leader" and "Springfield Leader & Press" daily newspapers.
An era of change.
After more than three decades of continuous ownership, Springfield Broadcasting Company sold KGBX to Stauffer Communications, Inc., on May 13, 1977. In January 1983, Stauffer Communications, Inc., reached an agreement to sell the station to Springcom, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on February 25, 1983, and the transaction was consummated on March 8, 1983.
In February 1986, Springcom, Inc., contracted to sell the station to KGBX Communications, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on March 18, 1986, and the transaction was consummated on April 7, 1986. This ownership would prove short-lived as KGBX Communications, Inc., made a deal in August 1987 to sell this station to Springfield Great Empire Broadcasting, Inc. While approval for the sale was pending, the station applied to the Federal Communications Commission for a new callsign and was assigned KTTS on September 14, 1987. The deal was approved by the FCC on September 29, 1987.
In October 1998, after a number of internal shifts in the ownership of the license holder, Springfield Great Empire Broadcasting, Inc., agreed to transfer the broadcast license for KTTS to Great Empire Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on October 26, 1998, and the transaction was consummated on June 30, 1999. This too would prove a short-lived change.
The present.
Great Empire Broadcasting, Inc., reached an agreement in July 1999 to sell this station to Journal Broadcast Corporation. The deal was approved by the FCC on July 20, 1999, and the transaction was consummated on July 27, 1999.
The new owners applied to the FCC for new call letters and the station was assigned KTTF on April 18, 2001. The station was assigned the current KSGF call letters by the FCC on June 14, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20541035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541035" title="Mark Spitznagel">
Mark Spitznagel

Mark Spitznagel (born March 5, 1971) is an American investor, author, and farmer.
Spitznagel is known for his über-bearish “Austrian”-based stock market investing and pioneering “tail-hedging,” and most notoriously for his hugely profitable billion dollar derivatives bet on the stock market crash of 2008 as well as for having allegedly caused the stock market crash of 2010. He is among "The Wall Street Journal"'s “5 hedge-fund managers to watch of Wall Street’s biggest, boldest investors.”
Spitznagel is the founder, owner, and Chief Investment Officer of the multi-billion dollar hedge fund management company Universa Investments, L.P., based in Miami, Florida. Spitznagel reportedly has large Chinese and Middle Eastern sovereign wealth funds among his investment partners, and he has since closed his funds to new investors.
Prior to hedge fund manager, Spitznagel has been an independent pit-trader at the Chicago Board of Trade and the head of equity options in a secretive proprietary trading group at Morgan Stanley in New York (until they requested that he sign a stringent “noncompete” agreement). Spitznagel has a graduate degree from New York University and undergraduate from Kalamazoo College in Michigan.
Financial crisis.
In 2008, Spitznagel's Universa funds scored returns of over 100% as the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost over a third of its value during the global financial meltdown, making him “a fortune” according to "The Wall Street Journal". Universa lost back about 4% in 2009 and 2010 when the S&P 500 recovered by over 40%.
Spitznagel specifically targets very “lumpy returns” (what "Forbes" has called “a string of mediocre results interrupted occasionally by spectacular years”) which “ultimately keep away competitors,” an esoteric approach he refers to as “time arbitrage” (for which he has been dubbed “the Dr. Who of hedge funds”).
"The Wall Street Journal" alleged that a large purchase of put options by Spitznagel in the minutes leading up to the 2010 Flash Crash (when the Dow lost over 9% of its value during the day) was among its primary triggers (and for which Spitznagel was subpoenaed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission).
While, according to "The New York Times", Spitznagel “gained credibility in the investment world by predicting two market routs in the past decade, first in 2000 and then in 2008,” he has since made similarly timed market calls. In July 2009, Spitznagel opened a fund betting on inflation—with a "Wall Street Journal" front-page headline reporting “"Spitznagel Bets Reputation on Inflation"” (after which the price of gold approximately doubled over the next two years, and Spitznagel's fund made 20% annual gains). In June 2011, "CNBC" reported on a research piece by Spitznagel which predicted a 20% correction in the S&P 500 stock index, based on “stock valuations put in the context of 110 years of stock-market history” (and the S&P 500 subsequently lost 20% within four months, as Spitznagel's funds reaped from 20% to up to 10-fold gains).
Austrian economics and investing.
In Spitznagel's book "The Dao of Capital" he coins his investing approach as “Austrian investing” (what some have also called “doomsday” investing, for which, according to "Forbes", he has many “copycat” followers), as it is rooted in the Austrian School of economics tradition. The theories inform his notorious very concentrated bearish bets in his so-called “tail-hedging” funds. Spitznagel has said that he has basically been investing against the Federal Reserve and its monetary policies his entire career.
In his book, Spitznagel (according to Paul Tudor Jones) “champions the roundabout,” referring to the circuitous roundabout of “going right in order to go left,” and specifically referring to the Austrian economics concept of roundaboutness. Spitznagel likens his process to “life's roundabout road to success, as opposed to the direct. The direct way is easy but ultimately unrewarding. The roundabout, indirect way takes longer but leads to a better strategic advantage.” His examples range from the military texts of Sunzi and Clauswitz, the ancient Chinese game of weiqi, to forest ecology. ("Forbes" declared Spitznagel's book “one of the most important books of the year, or any year for that matter.”)
Spitznagel credits his roundabout investing style to his time as a fledgling pit trader in the early 1990s in the bond futures pit at the Chicago Board of Trade. There, as the youngest trader in the bond pit, he was mentored by 50-year veteran corn and soybean trader Everett Klipp (a.k.a. the “Babe Ruth of the Chicago Board of Trade”). According to Spitznagel, he “was pretty much brainwashed by the age of 16” by Klipp, whose mantra was “you’ve got to love to lose money, hate to make money.” In "The Dao of Capital", Spitznagel “applies this approach and his Austrian grounding to Chinese Daoist thought—the art of taking a circuitous path to an endpoint.”
In a series of "Wall Street Journal" and "Forbes" op-eds, Spitznagel extolled the views of Ludwig von Mises, Eugen von Böhm-Bawerk, and Frédéric Bastiat, and criticized the interventionism of Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke (calling him “easily the most significant market manipulator in history”) and U.S. President Barack Obama.
Specifically, in his article “"Christmas Trees and the Logic of Growth"”, and subsequently in "The Dao of Capital", Spitznagel made an analogy of the lessons learned from previous wildfire suppression policy in Yellowstone Park (what he calls the “Yellowstone Effect”) to the Fed's bailout and crash-suppression policies (and resulting malinvestment). He has also blamed the Fed for increasing wealth disparity, drawing on the works of Mises, Rothbard, and Hayek.
Spitznagel's Austrian positions have made him a target of notable Nobel and Keynesian economist Paul Krugman.
Tail hedging.
In 1999, Spitznagel and author and financial mathematician Nassim Nicholas Taleb together created the first ever “tail-hedging” fund. Taleb went on to popularize the “black swan” concept in his books and Spitznagel went on to modify and implement the strategy (which became a major hedge fund investment asset class) at his very successful hedge fund Universa. (Taleb also played a passive role at Spitznagel's Universa, though Taleb has no ownership interest and is a “risk adviser” that “doesn't know their positions” and is “not involved in trading.”)
Taleb has said “One thing Mark taught me was that when someone isn't afraid of losing small amounts, they're almost invincible.”
Spitznagel is presumed to employ positions such as out-of-the-money puts on overvalued equities (for example, Lehman Brothers, about which he has responded “It's a regrettable aspect of our trade that we tend to do very well on others' misfortune”), which he regards as primarily a value-driven bullish play on cheapened markets, providing dry powder specifically when asset prices are depressed (making him “the inverse Warren Buffett” and linking him to the value investing philosophy).
Ironically, Spitznagel is indifferent to the concept of “black swan events,” calling them “largely insignificant in at least the last century of capital investment in the U.S., including the current crisis. Investors have indeed encountered surprising and pernicious events, but the fact is those who were surprised have essentially been those (in the extreme majority) with a brazen disregard for the central concepts of Austrian capital theory and monetary credit expansions.”
Libertarianism.
Spitznagel has been the principal supporter of the U.S. Presidential campaign of (Texas Congressman) Ron Paul, a fellow Austrian economics advocate and libertarian who “shares his contempt for the Federal Reserve.” In 2012, Spitznagel hosted multiple fundraisers (including a party at his Bel Air home) for the congressman. Spitznagel has been called “arguably Paul's main economic theorist/popularizer outside an academic context” who “could be Treasury Secretary to a future president Paul, Ron or Rand.”
Sustainable farming.
Spitznagel owns and operates a 150-year-old farm—Idyll Farms, a pasture-based goat farm and creamery, producing award-winning artisanal chèvre. Located “in the bucolic hills of Michigan,” according to Der Spiegel, “he produces cheese according to environmentally sustainable methods, because he views modern agriculture, with its large-scale pesticide use and automated factory farms, as degenerate. In fact, he says, factory farming is ‘an ideal metaphor’ for the economy.” To Spitznagel, government intervention in both economic (monetary manipulation) and agricultural systems (the subsidization of grain and GMO production, monoculture, and the excessive use of petrochemicals) distort and impede otherwise productive, healthy, and sustainable natural processes in exchange for short term benefits.
Personal life.
Spitznagel keeps homes in Michigan (including a Lake Michigan compound and 200-acre farm estate in Northport) and in Florida. (In 2014, Spitznagel moved his hedge fund to Miami from Los Angeles, citing Florida's “more hospitable business and tax environment” than California's. He accordingly sold his notable Bel Air mansion that he acquired in 2009 from Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony.)
According to Malcolm Gladwell (in "The New Yorker" and ), “Spitznagel is blond and from the Midwest and does yoga. He exudes a certain laconic levelheadedness,” and (quoting Nassim Taleb) “wants to be like (Austrian conductor) von Karajan. Technically superior to the rest of us. No chitchatting. Top skier. That's Mark!” (Spitznagel wrote that he first came to understand his “roundabout” investment approach from the words of Karajan.) "Bloomberg" described Spitznagel honing his investing discipline with weekly training in Chinese Chen-style taijiquan, dodging oncoming taxicabs while skateboarding in New York City's Central Park, and piloting engineless sailplanes over California’s Sierra Nevada (which he since gave up for his instrument-rated pilot's license). "Forbes" described the “unruffled”, loafered Spitznagel as looking “better prepared for a yacht race than for doomsday.”
"Bloomberg" reported in 2011 that Spitznagel seeded his family office ("Dao Holdings") with $100 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20541059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541059" title="Romance of Abenamar">
Romance of Abenamar

The Romance of Abenámar is a medieval Spanish "romance", written as a dialog between the Moor Abenámar and the Catholic King John II of Castile. The poem is a short "frontier romance" in Castilian Spanish with assonant rhyme. The historical events it describes took place in 1431, but the author and date of composition are unknown.
Historical context.
"Main article: Border of Granada"
The Romance of Abenamar takes place during a period of instability in the Moorish Nasrid dynasty, while the Catholic Christian kings of Castile were seeking greater tribute from and control over the Nasrid kingdom of Granada. Abenamar is either King Yusuf IV (Abenalmao) himself, or one of his courtiers. The poem is a dialogue between Abenamar and King John II of Castille, who wishes for complete possession of Granada.
In 1431, there were several claimants to the throne of Granada. King Muhammad IX had entered Iberia from Tunisia in 1428 or 1429, with the promise of Castilian support in overthrowing Muhammad VIII. However, the Castilian Catholic King John II did not decisively support either, instead playing them against each other to obtain greater tribute and the concession of Granada as a vassal of Castile. Muhammad VIII surrendered in 1429 and was killed in March 1431, leaving Muhammad IX on the throne, but without having reached an agreement with Castile. John II continued to demand greater concessions, and would not offer a permanent peace. Instead, he supported another candidate, Yusuf IV (Ibn al-Mawl, also known as Abenalmao). Yusuf agreed to tribute and to be John's vassal.
On June 27, 1431, Yusuf met with John outside the city of Granada, as they prepared to install Yusuf as king. The poem imagines their dialog as Abenamar honors John, but the city refuses to be possessed by the Catholic king.
The city, however, would become part of a unified and Catholic Spanish kingdom only a generation later, as John's daughter Isabella I of Castile and her husband Ferdinand II of Aragon conquered Granada in 1492.
Contents.
The poem opens with John praising the nobility of Abenamar. Although it was written by Castilians, it portrays the Moor favorably and is sympathetic to the Moorish kingdom's fight to remain independent.
As John surveys Granada from a distance he asks Abenamar about the high castles and palaces that he can see inside. Abenamar describes some of the architectural wonders of the Moorish capital, naming in turn the Alhambra, the mosque, the Nasrid palace in the Alixares, the Generalife, and the Red Towers. After seeing Granada and hearing of its wealth, John addresses the city itself and proposes marriage to it, offering Cordoba and Seville as a dowry. However, Granada proudly refuses him, replying ""Casada soy, que no viuda; el moro que a mí me tiene, muy grande bien me quería."" ("I am married, and no widow; the Moor whom I belong to loves me very well.")
Structure.
The poem consists of forty-six short lines with assonant rhyme. This rhyme scheme, which matches vowels while ignoring consonants, was common in Spanish poetry of the time. Every second line participates in the rhyme by ending with the vowels "ía", a stressed "i" followed by unstressed "a". For example, the sixth and eighth lines end with the words "crecida" (crescent-shaped) and "mentira" (lie).

</doc>
<doc id="20541115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541115" title="Boris Herrmann">
Boris Herrmann

Boris Herrmann (born 1981) is a German yachtsman.
Sailing career.
In 2001 Boris Herrmann was the youngest (and only German) participant in the Mini Transat race, a single-handed yacht race across the Atlantic. He came to finish eleventh which earned him his first larger appearance in the yachting press. In 2006 Herrmann finished second in the European Championship as well as in the German Championship in the 505 class. In spring 2008 Herrmann sailed his Class 40 yacht “Beluga Racer” to a second in the Artemis Transat, the oldest transatlantic regatta for single-handed yachts.
Boris Herrmann won the Portimão Global Ocean Race, a five leg regatta around the world for Class 40 boats. He and his co-skipper Felix Oehme (the "Beluga Offshore Sailing Team") came to win three of the five legs of the race, and left behind the team "Desafio Cabo de Hornos". This makes them the first German professional team on a German yacht to win a leg of an international trans-ocean race and the whole race itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20541118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541118" title="There Goes the Neighborhood (book)">
There Goes the Neighborhood (book)

There Goes the Neighborhood by William Julius Wilson and Richard Taub was written in 2006 and is an investigation about racial, ethnic and class tensions in four Chicago neighborhoods. The four neighborhoods, Beltway, Dover, Archer Park, and Groveland are found on the south and west side of Chicago (fictitious names were chosen to protect their identities). Beltway was chosen as being the white neighborhood, Dover as being the white neighborhood in transition, Archer Park as being the Latino neighborhood, and Groveland as being the African American neighborhood.
Synopsis.
Chapter 1.
In this chapter, the authors talk about their choice in choosing the twenty four thousand six hundred nineteen neighborhoods. They chose neighborhoods that were of working and lower middle class in order to represent the racially discriminated Americans and explained that these neighborhoods were populated by different ethnic groups. One thing that they all had in common was the growing Latino population. Moreover, the investigation was carried on because they wanted to fully understand what produced or prevented the “tipping point” (a rapid ethnic turnover). The research depended on an ethnographic approach which consisted of a team of 9 graduate student research assistants at the University of Chicago. The study was done over a period of 33 years, from January 1963 to September 1995. The book mentions Albert O. Hirschman's theory of exit, voice and loyalty. It also provides statistics about the population by race and Hispanic origin from 1980-2000. This chapter talks about the change in racial history in Chicago and the cause of white flight early on (civil rights). The other chapters will focus on the resident’s perception of other races.
Chapter 2: Beltway-–Predominantly White.
Beltway was the destination for those whites who chose the exit method because their cities were experiencing ethnic turnover. The reason they moved to Beltway was because they wanted bigger houses for their families. Beltway was the furthest from downtown Chicago and the most isolated out of the other 3 cities.
Chapter two focuses around the community of Beltway which is the farthest and most isolated from Chicago out of the four communities investigated in this book. Beltway residents felt that they were driven out of the main city by minorities and this neighborhood is one that portrays the right values and makeup. Beltway was predominantly white (95%) in 1980 but recently the Latino and African-American populations have begun to swell. This has led to racial riots and confrontation around the neighborhood. As a big picture the community of beltway seems to be incredibly racist but in actuality there is an internal conflict between the residents (Even though many of the members are part of the Klan). The Beltway Civic League (BCL) is a committee made up of mostly older white residents who are trying to “preserve the ways of the past.” This group believes that minorities are ruining the fabric of the town and will drive all the whites away. On the other side is the Garland Parents Alliance (GPA) which is a group of younger people whose focus is not the minorities’ presence but the overall quality of education and services offered to all residents regardless of color. Through strong social organization the BCL has kept the neighborhood of Beltway from experiencing “white-flight” but a gradual exit of white residents is slowly occurring.
Chapter 3: Dover--A mixed ethnic community in riots.
The chapter begins about how the neighborhood of Dover was a very tight knit community. It was mainly people from Eastern Europe that had immigrated over that populated the community. The people spoke about how the children used to run around and play and the parents never had to worry about them because if they did anything wrong the parents would know before they even returned home because another parent would discipline them.
The neighborhood began to change when large numbers of Hispanics moved in and started to overpopulate the community. The neighborhood began to experience higher crime rates and the school system began to go downhill with over populated classrooms. The school system decided to start busing students out to other neighborhoods that had the extra space. These were not very nice neighborhoods and were predominantly African American. The parents began to get extremely upset and held many PTA meetings to discuss how they could fix this situation. They asked for more schools to be built within the community but it was not within the budget. So they then asked that the local magnet school take students from Dover before taking students from other neighborhoods.
An issue that became very significant to the original Dover community members was the issue of language. The current Dover residents had learned English when they immigrated over and thought that the new Hispanic residents should be doing the same. The new residents were in no hurry to learn the language and this caused great tension within the community.
With the increasing crime rate and the population of the community drastically changing the community was experiencing major changes. The community groups that were there to hold events such as monthly meetings at local restaurants to discuss how to better the community was losing members and would eventually have to end the tradition. The original members of Dover were slowly moving or aging and the only people moving in were Hispanics.
With the decline of the community traditions such as the award to who has the nicest yard and who is the most involved has led to great dislike from original Dover members. The residents did not like the disrespect they were getting from the new group of people moving in. Loud music and parties were becoming a common occurrence. Also graffiti and trash were being seen all over the city that once held great pride in how clean and safe it was.
From the community dislike of the new neighbor’s people began to slowly move away and leave the neighborhood to continue to go downhill.
Chapter 4: Archer Park--A taste of Mexico in Chicago.
In this chapter, it talks about how the city has drastically changed with the rise of Latinos. Mexicans began arriving in significant numbers in the 1970s. Archer Park now has shops specializing in Mexican Products and array of street vendors. Language proves as a barrier because Spanish is essentially their first language. The white residents who chose the exit method, felt bitter and lost because of the rise in Hispanic residents. Those who chose the loyalty method feel that the community is unsafe and (102). Mexicans come to Archer Park to make money with intentions of going back to Mexico but they end up making a living and not leaving causing a rise in the number of immigrants. As a result, the neighborhood is filled with litter and graffiti and there is a lack of community organizational life and leadership. The result showed that neighbors do not care about knowing each other. Just as in Dover, Mexicans expressed resentment towards black because they associated darker skin with poverty. Busing and competition for public recreational space were also issues that created conflicts between these two ethnic groups. Archer Park remains a strong Mexican Enclave and exclave due to the rapid and continuous number of immigrants.
Chapter 5: - Groveland--A stable African American community.
In this chapter, the authors talk about Groveland’s ethnic history. It used to be predominantly a white neighborhood but years later, whites became the minority in this city. This chapter talks about how blacks used to get beaten up and tortured by whites. Even so, Groveland’s violence rate was not as high as the other neighborhoods. After World War II, whites started to move out of Groveland and since it is located around 6 miles from the original Black Belt, blacks did not move in until 1960. The residents have demonstrated enthusiasm to keep the neighborhood clean and free from violence and so far they have proved to have done a great job. In this chapter, the authors talk about block clubs and social organizations that helped the community keep the status of the neighborhood; graffiti free and good sanitation. he statistics showed that in 1980, 59% of the population in Groveland was employed and that by 2000 the percentage had increased to 65. Groveland is different from the other cities previously mentioned because the number of citizens had decreased instead of increased. It also showed black identity and how they inspired and kept this concept going through schools. Groveland did not show any racial tensions, the residents were welcoming and accepting. The reason why Groveland did not experience racism was because it did not experience an “influx of other ethnic groups” (page 143) and blacks were therefore the only ones in control. Groveland was particular because the children were raised as "white people bring up kids" and the younger generation tried keeping racial boundary by rebelling against their parents.
The blacks had a certain degree of resentment against the whites of the neighborhood. and it shows in the different comments gathered throughout the research. Moreover, within the group of friends, crossing boundaries was especially common with those who had jobs because language was an issue. One good example of racial boundaries is when one of the kids “crosses boundaries by using standard English at the office and black English at the park”.“The community’s unemployment rate rose from 4 to 12 percent from 1970 to 1990, and the proportion of families with incomes below the poverty line grew 5 to 12 percent.”> This showed that the [http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/in-migration] in migration of lower income families made Groveland more diverse but it also resulted in a higher rate of unemployment. However, Groveland is a good example of loyalty because most of the residents stayed together through thick and thin and worked on making the neighborhood a better place to be by including whites and white attitudes even though tensions among them were present. They portrayed voice rather than exit with the help of block clubs.
Chapter 6- Neighborhood racial conflict and social policy dilemmas.
Although people often refer to the America as a Melting pot, the data found in surveying the four different cities of Chicago suggest that neighborhoods in urban America have a very good chance of being segregated racially and culturally. In some groups, there is voluntary division even after contact is established and for other groups, the separation is forced. There is added friction between blacks and Latinos because the two groups often compete for the same resources. Problems in the communities extend beyond race into issues of Social class as well. For example, residents in Beltway felt that their white neighborhoods were becoming minority enclaves. However, Beltway has still practiced the loyalty method in contrast with the city of Dover who largely chose the exit option. For Archer Park, issues of loyalty don’t remain much of an issue because they expressed the least concern over ethnic change and distinguished themselves as a “stepping stone” community. Nonetheless, Groveland appeared the most loyal than any of the neighborhoods, in which only a few families chose the exit method. Consequently, the stronger the social organization of the neighborhood, the more likely it is that individuals will choose the voice option. On the other hand, neighbors who feel that the resources are insufficient with the ethnic change are more likely to choose the exit option and are more apt to reach the “tipping point” (rapid ethnic turnover) quicker. This book illuminates how the three methods; exit, voice, and loyalty can either make or break a community. Also, studies show that when people believe they need one another to overcome a situation, they are more likely to overcome their prejudices and join together. This book essentially comes to the conclusion that in order for integrated neighborhoods to become united, they need to start working towards coalition building.
Further reading.
William Julius Wilson
Wilson (1978) 
Wilson (1987) 
Wilson (1996) When Work Disappears

</doc>
<doc id="20541125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541125" title="Nick Köster">
Nick Köster

Ralph ("Nick") Nicholas Köster (born 22 February 1989 in Robertson) is a South African rugby union player. He plays the position of Flanker or Eight Man.
He made his Currie Cup debut at the age of 19, playing at 8th man in 2008, and was picked on the bench for the Barbarians side to play Australia at Wembley, later that year. He made his Super 14 debut for the Stormers in 2009, playing on the wing, but suffered a knee injury against the Lions at Newlands which put him out of action.
His full-time return to the top flight was off the bench against the Griquas on 8 August 2010. The following week he started at openside flank (no.7) versus the Blue Bulls. Köster had Province's highest tackle count (24 tackles) against the Bulls, while his 11 ball carries was second only to Duane Vermeulen and he was one of only three WP players to secure a turnover.
In October 2012, it was announced that he would join Bath. He scored his first try for his new club against Italian team Calvisano in the Amlin Challenge Cup.
He joined RFU Championship club Bristol on a season long loan from August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20541131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541131" title="ChamberSign">
ChamberSign

ChamberSign is an initiative set up by Chamber of Commerce organisations of 9 European countries and Eurochambres, aiming to create a friendly international environment for secure business-to-business electronic commerce. ChamberSign focuses on making digital signatures available to European SMEs and achieving international recognition and interoperability for electronic certificates issued by Chambers of Commerce. With a coverage of over 13.5 million Chamber Members, ChamberSign will ensure the check of the identity of the sender of electronically signed data over the Internet and the verification of the message integrity, thus securing cross-border trading over the Internet between companies certified by Chambers of Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="20541159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541159" title="List of canals in Oregon">
List of canals in Oregon

List of canals in Oregon contains all canals identified by the USGS in the U.S. state of Oregon. The USGS defines a canal as a "manmade waterway used by watercraft or for drainage, irrigation, mining, or water power (ditch, lateral)".
There are 661 listed as of December 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20541180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541180" title="Felix Oehme">
Felix Oehme

Felix Oehme (born 1981) is a German yachtsman.
Sportive successes.
End of 2006, Felix Oehme sailed with a five man crew over the Atlantic and received the second prize of the Stiftung Hochseesegeln (Foundation for High Seas Sailing) for this performance. In September 2006 and 2008 he successfully represented Germany at the World University Match race. Furthermore, he ranked among the top five in several international races for class 49 boats, including the national German championship.
On November 16, 2008 Felix Oehme and his co-skipper Boris Herrmann forming the "Beluga Offshore Sailing Team" won the Portimão Global Ocean Race, a five leg regatta around the world for class 40 boats. This makes them the first German professional team on a German yacht to win a leg of an international trans-ocean race and the whole race itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20541181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541181" title="The Soldier's Return">
The Soldier's Return

The Soldier's Return is the first book in a quartet of books written by Melvyn Bragg.
Plot summary.
Sam Richardson returns to the small Cumbrian town of Wigton after fighting in Burma during the Second World War. The war has given Sam’s wife Ellen a newfound confidence and Sam is a stranger to his son Joe. Sam is plagued by memories of the war and wants a new life, for himself, his wife and his son.
The book won the WH Smith Literary Award in 2000, and was followed by three sequels.
Sequels.
"A Son of War" (2001).
Sam Richardson is still struggling with effects of World War Two and to re-establish his relationship with his wife Ellen and young son Joe. Sam wants to become his own boss and start a business.
"Crossing the Lines" (2003).
Joe Richardson is changing from an immature schoolboy into a confident student at Oxford who has the world at his feet. His parents Sam and Ellen have reconciled some of their difficulties and are drifting into middle-age.

</doc>
<doc id="20541196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541196" title="Bahadur Pur">
Bahadur Pur

Bahadur Pur is a village in Pakistan, near Shujaabād.

</doc>
<doc id="20541200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541200" title="IBM Hakozaki Facility">
IBM Hakozaki Facility

IBM Hakozaki Facility () located in Nihonbashi-Hakozaki-cho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan, is IBM's largest building in Japan, in terms of the number of people working there. It mainly houses IBM's marketing and market support departments, and, since October 2009, headquarters, which moved from Roppongi, Tokyo. It was built for IBM in 1989.
General Description.
IBM Hakozaki Facility is located at 19-21 Nihonbashi-Hakozaki-cho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, on the right bank of the Sumida River. It houses mainly IBM's marketing and systems engineering departments, and is IBM's largest facility in Japan, in terms of the number of people working there. Because of the seminars and demonstrations of the latest products and services frequently held there, it is also familiar to many users and potential users of IBM. 
Its main building was completed in 1989, designed by Takenaka Corporation, and is owned and leased by Mitsui-Soko, Mitsui Group's warehousing & distribution company. The building complex also houses cafeterias, restaurants, a post office, a bookstore, a gym and a tea ceremony house.
Access.
The facility can be accessed from the Suitengūmae Station on the Tokyo Metro Hanzomon Line, the Ningyōchō Station on the Toei Asakusa Line, the Tokyo City Air Terminal, and from Metropolitan Tokyo bus line's busstop.

</doc>
<doc id="20541204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541204" title="Albert van der Haar">
Albert van der Haar

Albert van der Haar (; born December 29, 1975 in Meppel, Drenthe) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for Eerste Divisie side FC Zwolle.
Statistics.
Last update: December 20, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20541215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541215" title="ATC code A13">
ATC code A13

A13A Tonics.
This group is empty.

</doc>
<doc id="20541233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541233" title="HMS Topaze (1793)">
HMS Topaze (1793)

HMS "Topaze" was a Royal Navy 32-gun frigate, originally completed in 1791 as a French . In 1793 Lord Hood's fleet captured her at Toulon. The Royal Navy took her into service under her existing name. She was broken up in 1814.
British service.
French Revolutionary Wars.
In August 1795, "Topaze" was commissioned under the command of Captain Stephen George Church. She sailed for Halifax in March 1796. On the morning of 28 August "Topaze" was part of a British squadron that was sitting becalmed about four leagues from Cape Henry when they spotted three strange vessels. was the closest to them and signaled that they were enemy frigates. The British were not able to set out in pursuit until midday. "Topaze" was the first to catch the breeze and outdistanced her companions. She caught up with the laggard after about five and half hours. The French vessel fired a broadside and then surrendered. and "Bermuda" then took possession of the prize and accompanied her to Halifax while the rest of the squadron pursued, unsuccessfully, the other two French frigates. When "Assistance" took possession the French vessel she turned out to be the "Elizabeth", of twenty-four 12-pounder and twelve 8-pounder (or 9-pounder) guns, and with a crew of 297 men. The Royal Navy did not purchase "Elizabeth". She was an Indiaman, i.e., a merchant vessel, that the French government had bought and apparently was "an indifferent sailer". 
In 1800 "Topaze" captured a few small prizes, one of them being the galliot "Louisa", which came into Plymouth on 30 May. "Topaze" and sailed for the West Indies on 13 February 1801 as escorts to a large convoy. Church died in August in the West Indies, of a fever. In 1801 she came under the command of Captain Robert Honyman, who had come out to Jamaica on during the summer. Honyman then sailed "Topaze" back to England, where she served on the Irish station.
Napoleonic Wars.
In April 1803 "Topaze" was commissioned under Captain Willoughby Lake. On 4 June the "Providence" came into Plymouth. "Topaze" had captured her while she was sailing from Charlestown to Ostend with a cargo of rice and cotton.
On 25 September 1804, "Topaze" encountered and captured the French letter of marque ship "Minerve", of Bordeaux, which was sailing to Martinique. She was pierced for 18 guns, but carried only fourteen 9-pounders, and had a crew of 111 men. 
Then some six months later, on 13 February 1805, "Topaze" captured and brought into Cork the ketch-rigged "General Augereau", of Bayonne. "General Augereau" was armed with fourteen 12-pounder carronades, and had a crew of 88 men. She had been cruising 47 days but had taken no prizes. Apparently "General Augereau" was notorious for her past success, and particularly the capture of the West Indiaman, "William Heathcote". 
On 7 May 1805, Lake and "Topaze" captured the Spanish privateer "Napoleon", of St. Sebastian. "Napoleon" was pierced for 20 cannon but was armed with ten 9-pounder guns and four 18-pounder carronades; she had a crew of 108 men. She was out of Bordeaux in the 57th day of her first cruise during which she had captured the letter of marque "Westmoreland", of Liverpool, after a sharp action, and the brig "Brunswick", which had been sailing from Honduras. 
Then on 20 May, "Topaze" captured the Spanish privateer brig "Fenix", also of St. Sebastian. "Fenix" armed with 14 guns and had a crew of 85 men. She was ten days out of Vigo and had taken no prizes. 
By June 1806 Captain Anselm John Griffiths had taken command of "Topaze" on the Irish station. He sailed her to the Mediterranean on 8 January 1808.
In 1809 she joined the forces operating in the Adriatic campaign of 1807-1814. When the French despatched the frigates "Danaé" and "Flore" from Toulon to the Adriatic, "Topaze" and "Kingfisher" intercepted them on 12 March. Despite bringing the French to action, the British were unable to prevent them reaching Corfu and then sailing north to augment French defences in the Adriatic. "Topaze" sustained no casualties or meaningful damage. 
On 31 May, off Demata, Albania, boats from "Topaze" attacked a French coastal convoy under the fortress of St. Maura. The boats captured:
Her boats destroyed four vessels whose names were unknown: 
All the vessels, except "Joubert", were carrying government-owned cargoes of timber and brandy for Corfu. The boat action took place under heavy fire with the result that "Topaze" lost one man killed and one man wounded. 
After this action Captain Henry Hope took command of "Topaze" and operated off the coast of Spain. On October 1809, a squadron under Rear Admiral George Martin, of Collingwood's fleet, chased an enemy convoy off the south of France. They succeeded in driving two of the three escorting ships of the line, "Robuste" and "Lion", ashore near Frontignan, where their crews burnt them after dismantling them and stripping them of all usable material. The crews of the third ship of the line, "Borée", and the frigate "Pauline" escaped into Sète. 
The transports that had been part of the convoy, including the armed storeship "Lamproie", of 18 guns, two bombards ("Victoire" and "Grondeur"), and the xebec "Normande", sailed into the Bay of Rosas where they hoped that the castle of Rosas, Fort Trinidad and several shore batteries would protect them. On 30 October "Tigre", "Cumberland", "Volontaire", "Apollo", "Topaze", "Philomel", "Tuscan" and sent in their boats. By the following morning the British had accounted for all eleven vessels in the bay, burning those they did not bring out. Some of the British boats took heavy casualties; "Topaze" lost four men killed and eight men wounded. On January 1813 prize money was awarded to the British vessels that took part in the action for the capture of the ships of war "Grondeur" and "Normande", and of the transports "Dragon" and "Indien". A court declared a joint captor. Head money was also paid for the "Grondeur" and "Normande" and for the destruction of "Lemproye" and "Victoire". 
On 9 December "Topaze" rescued 100 men from the garrison at Marbella when it fell to the French.
On 21 June 1810, the boats of and "Topaze" captured two vessels in the bay of Martino in Corsica. A landing party captured a battery of three guns that protected the entrance to the bay. They were able to capture and render the guns unserviceable, and kill or wound a number of the garrison. The British lost one man killed and two wounded in the action.
On 24 August "Topaze" captured the "Centinelle". "Topaze" was also involved in the Battle of Fuengirola in October 1810. On 11 October Hope and "Topaze" took Lord Blayney from Gibraltar to Ceuta. two days later they left, escorting a division of gunboats and some transports carrying artillery, a battalion of the 89th Regiment of Foot ("Blayney's Bloodhounds"), the Spanish Imperial Regiment of Toledo and some others to Fuengirola to attack a Polish garrison there. The battle proved a defeat for the Anglo-Spanish force and Blayney himself was captured.
In November 1810 Captain John Richard Lumley took command of "Topaze". His successor was Captain Edward Harvey. He sailed "Topaze" off Corfu until December 1812 when he escorted a convoy back to Britain. "Topaze" was in poor condition when he paid her off in February 1812.
Fate.
In 1812, HMS "Topaze" was laid up at Portsmouth, and she was broken up in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="20541235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541235" title="Noblesse Oblige (book)">
Noblesse Oblige (book)

Noblesse Oblige: An Enquiry Into the Identifiable Characteristics of the English Aristocracy(1956) is a book edited by Nancy Mitford, illustrated by Osbert Lancaster, caricaturist of English manners, and published by Hamish Hamilton. The anthology comprises four brief essays by Nancy Mitford, Alan S. C. Ross, “Strix” and Christopher Sykes, a letter by Evelyn Waugh, and a poem written by John Betjeman.
Until Nancy Mitford wrote “The English Aristocracy” in an article published in 1955, England was blissfully unconscious of U-Usage. Her article sparked off a public debate, whose counterblasts are collected in this book, published one year later. Although the subtitle rather dryly suggests it as an enquiry into the identifying characteristics of members of the English upper-class, it is really more of a debate, with each essayist entertaining and convincing.
Overview.
This collection of essays started with Nancy Mitford´s article “The English Aristocracy”, published in 1955 in the magazine "Encounter". The expressions “U” (Upper Class) and “Non-U” (non-Upper Class) came to prominence in this article, which sold out the edition of the magazine immediately after publication. The article caused a great deal of light-hearted controversy. The book was published one year later. There is sharp disagreement among the U´s who have contributed to this book.
Considered one of the most gifted comic writers of her time, Nancy Mitford said she wrote the article about her peers “In order to demonstrate the upper middle class does not merge imperceptibly into the middle class”. She said differences of speech distinguish the members of one social class in England from another. The daughter of a Baron, she was therefore a "Hon" − honourable. Deborah Mitford Cavendish, the Duchess of Devonshire, the youngest of the famously (and sometimes infamously) unconventional Mitford sisters, wrote a letter to "Encounter"” about the article saying: “... as the co-founder, with my sister Jessica, of the Hons Club, I would like to point out that ... the word Hon meant Hen in Honnish... We were very fond of chickens and on the whole preferred their company to that of human beings ...”.
Editorial Reviews.
"Noblesse Oblige" was received with favourable reviews. 
Contents.
The English Aristocracy.
Nancy Mitford writes in the first essay that the English aristocracy is the only real aristocracy left in the world today, even if it may seem to be on the verge of decadance: it has political power through the House of Lords and real social position through the Queen. Then she explains the order of precedence of dukes, marquesses, earls, viscounts, barons, members of a noble family, young sons, baronets, knights and knights of the Garter. Accused of being a snob, she quotes from Professor Alan Ross of Birmingham University who points out that “it is solely by their language that the upper classes nowadays are distinguished since they are neither cleaner, richer, nor better-educated than anybody else". Miss Mitford says Professor Ross invented the U and non-U English useful formula. Though she doesn't agree completely with the Professor's list, she adopts his classification system, and adds a few suggestions of her own. She gives many examples of U and non-U usage and thoroughly explains the aristocracy saying, for example, dukes are rather new creations, the purpose of the aristocrat is most emphatically not to work for money, and nobility in England is based on title and not on bloodline. The ancestors of the lords spent months abroad, buying pictures and statues, which they cheerfully sell in order to spend months abroad, she writes.
U and Non-U — "An Essay in Sociological Linguistics" by Alan S. C. Ross.
The second article is a condensed and simplified version of Professor Ross’ "Linguistic Class-Indicators in Present-Day English", which appeared in 1954 in the Finish philological periodical "Neuphilologische mitteilungen". For him the English class-system was essentially tripartite — there existes an upper, a middle, and a lower class. Solely by its language it is possible to identify them. In times past (e.g. in the Victorian and Edwardian periods) this was not the case. In fact the Professor says there are, it is true, a few minor points of life which may serve to demarcate the upper class, but they are minor ones, and he is concerned in this essay only with the linguistic demarcation. This line, for the Professor, is, often, a line between, on one hand, gentlemen and, on the other, persons who, though not gentlemen, must at first sight appear, or would like to appear, as such. Thus, habits of speech peculiar to the lower classes find no place in this article. He also addresses the written language, considering the following points: names on evelopes, etc., beginning of letters, names on cards, postal addresses on evelopes, etc. at the heads of letters, and on cards; finally, letter-endings.
An open letter from Evelyn Waugh.
Evelyn Waugh wrote the third contribution, "An open letter to the Honble Mrs. Peter Rodd (Nancy Mitford) on a very serious subject from Elvelyn Waugh", which also first appeared in "Encounter". Widely regarded as a master of style of the 20th century, Waugh, who was a great friend of Nancy Mitford, added his own thoughts to the class debate and points out that Nancy is a delightful trouble maker to write such a thing but also someone who only just managed to be upper class and now resides in another country, so — he asks — who is she really to even bring it all up? Although this may seem offensive, Nancy Mitford said that “everything with Evelyn Waugh was jokes. Everything. That's what none of the people who wrote about him seem to have taken into account at all”.
Posh Lingo by “Strix”.
A shorter version of “Strinx´s” article appeared in "The Spectator" and this is the fourth essay of the book. “Strix”, pseudonym of Peter Fleming, was a British adventurer and travel writer, who was James Bond author Ian Fleming’s elder brother and a friend of Nancy. He begins saying that Nancy Mitford´s article has given rise to much pleasurable discussion. Before pushing on to the less etymological aspects of her theme, he addresses how language evolves and changes naturally, and U-slang, atributing to it a sense of parody. He says interest in the sudy of U-speech has been arbitrarily awakened and considers this interest unhealthy and contrary to the “national interest”. He closes his article hoping the U-young will strive for a clear, classless medium of communication in which all say “Pardon?” and none say “What?”, and every ball is a dance and every man´s wife is “the” wife.
What U-Future? by Christopher Sykes.
All groups talk a particular language. Thus begins the fifth essay of the book. It is the natural way of things that you say something one way which the lawyer says another way. Same with doctors. A doctor who can only talk like a text book may leave you in serious doubt as to your state of health, Sykes says. Same with sailors, same with all other caftsmen. Then he comments from Shakespeare, for whom language was a vast instrument at his command, to what he calls the irrational little vocabulary of the movements of fashion: newspaper fashion, pub fashion, cinema fashion, popular song fashion. But, for this English author, the great, the most desired fashion has always been that of “the best society,” of “the fashionable”, of “the chic”, which is kept by snobbism. After further analyzing the use of U and non-U habits and its progress, reflecting either by stress or reaction the mood of any time. Pursuing his argument he introduces Topivity — T-manners and T-customs etc. Abandoning “U”, he ends the article with “T” stating that one big T-point remains constant: nobody wants a really poor peer: it is very un-T not to be rich. However, T and non-T do not seem to have become popular though.
How to get on in society by John Betjeman.
The last essay of "Noblesse Oblige" is a poem taken from "A Few Late Chrystanthemums".

</doc>
<doc id="20541242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541242" title="Kozo Yuki">
Kozo Yuki

Career.
Kozo began his career with Yokohama Flugels and played later for the Waseda University. In 2002 he left Waseda University. He was now scouted by JEF United Ichihara Chiba. After seven years for JEF United Ichihara Chiba he was loaned out to Sanfrecce Hiroshima in January 2008. On 20 July 2009, the 2. Bundesliga club Fortuna Düsseldorf signed the Japanese Defender until the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20541259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541259" title="Tomoaki Makino">
Tomoaki Makino

He was a member of Japan U-20 national football team for 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup and scored one goal in the match against Czech Republic.
He made his full international debut for Japan on 6 January 2010 in a 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualifier against Yemen. 
On January 2012, he returned to J. League, loaned by 1. FC Köln to Urawa Reds, when he will be coached again by his former Sanfrecce's coach, Mihailo Petrović. 

</doc>
<doc id="20541264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541264" title="Mary Pearl Willis Foundation">
Mary Pearl Willis Foundation

The Mary Pearl Willis Foundation was established in 2007 by Lela Howard. It provides financial assistance to low income families with burial needs, strategies that enforce cemetery codes and ethics, and supports women and gender equality through its link with non-profit and women organizations. 
Howard’s aunt Mary Pearl Willis died in the Jonestown, Guyana murder/suicide on November 18, 1978. To mark the 30th year anniversary of the deaths, a memorial listing the names of all identified victims, which includes Congressman Leo Ryan, Robert Brown (NBC camera man), Don Harris (NBC reporter) and Greg Robinson (San Francisco Examiner photographer) was unveiled at Evergreen Cemetery in Oakland, California.
In conjunction with the memorial, Mayors Timothy Davlin, Gerald Jennings, James Mayo (Monroe, La, Quachita Parish), Gavin Newsom, Antonio Villaraigosa, Senators Dianne Feinstein, Neil Riser, Leland Yee and Los Angeles City Council Members declared by Proclamations, State Legislatures and Certificates of Recognition November 18, 2008 "A Day of Remembrance." In addition, Congress read into record a memorial in memory of the victims.
The foundation works to increase awareness of life insurance and pre-need arrangements.

</doc>
<doc id="20541275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541275" title="John Faulkner (author)">
John Faulkner (author)

John Faulkner (September 24, 1901 – March 28, 1963) was an American author. His works, in a plain style, depict life in Mississippi. Faulkner is best-remembered for the novels "Men Working" (1941) and "Dollar Cotton" (1942), and the memoir, "My Brother Bill: An Affectionate Reminiscence" (1963), about his elder sibling, author William Faulkner.
John Faulkner was also an accomplished, self-taught painter. He did a series of paintings known as "The Vanishing South" and wrote a short paragraph to describe each one.
Early life.
He was born John Wesley Thompson Falkner, III in Ripley, Mississippi, the third son of Murry Cuthbert Falkner (August 17, 1870–August 7, 1932) and Maud Butler (November 27, 1871–October 16, 1960). His brothers were author William Faulkner (September 25, 1897–July 6, 1962); Murry Charles "Jack" Falkner (June 26, 1899–December 24, 1975); and Dean Swift Falkner (August 15, 1907–November 10, 1935).
The family moved to Oxford, Mississippi, where John grew up and lived most of his life. He attended college at Ole Miss, where he earned a B.S. degree in civil engineering. He was employed for a time as assistant city engineer in Greenville. He then went to work as a project engineer with the Mississippi State Highway Department and moved to Greenwood.
He and Lucille "Dolly" Ramey (November 1, 1903–September 1984) were married on September 2, 1922. They had two sons, Jimmy Faulkner (July 18, 1923–December 24, 2001), also a writer, and Murry Falkner (born February 22, 1928).
Faulkner eventually quit the highway department and moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he became a commercial airline pilot. In 1935, his younger brother, Dean Faulkner, died crashing the airplane that brother William had sold to him.
John's airline company was not providing him with income and, in 1938, he moved from Memphis, to the hill country of northeastern Lafayette County, Mississippi, approximately from Oxford, as manager of his brother William's farm, Greenfield, which was in Beat Two (Mississippi counties are divided into "beats," an autonomous section under its elected supervisor of roads).
The rural farmers around Greenfield fascinated Faulkner. Remarkably different from the small-town people he was familiar with, and fiercely independent, his contact with them inspired him to write. During the two years he managed the farm in Beat Two, the area that serves as the setting for much of his fiction, he was also a supervisor for the WPA and had to cope with the hillmen who were on its rolls.
During World War II, Faulkner served as a commissioned officer in the U.S. Navy. After the war he earned his living by writing, lecturing and painting.
Writing career.
Faulkner's fascination with the rural farmers of Beat Two formed the basis for his writings. One of his early works is a historical essay, "The Mississippi Hill Country". His first novel, titled "Beat Six", however, remained unpublished for several decades.
His first published novel, "Men Working" (1941), is a satirical comedy that exposes how government bureaucracy (in the form of the WPA) adversely affects the lives of a farm family who are forced to leave the land during the Depression in order to find work.
In 1942, Faulkner published "Dollar Cotton", his only work set outside the hill country of Mississippi. It tells the story of Otis Town, who around the turn of the century acquires a virgin tract of Mississippi Delta and after tremendous efforts turns it into a lucrative cotton plantation, only to lose everything in the 1921 recession when the cotton market collapses.
He also published magazine stories. A number of his short stories appeared in "Collier's". Faulkner's third novel, "Chooky" (1950), is a series of sketches about an eleven-year-old boy, who is a composite of Faulkner's two sons, Jimmy and Murry, who was himself nicknamed "Chooky."
Faulkner's next novel was published by a different publisher as an original paperback under the title "Cabin Road" (1951). This and his next four paperbacks are prime examples of Southwestern humor, detailing a cast of backwoods people who cannot comprehend the complexities of the 20th century. Much of the humor in these final works is bawdy, but much also derives from the absurdities resulting from the arrival of strangers in "Beat Two."
His final work was a memoir and tribute to his brother, William Faulkner, titled "My Brother Bill: An Affectionate Reminiscence". Faulkner began writing the book almost immediately after William's death on July 6, 1962, and completed the manuscript shortly before his own death the following year. It details mostly childhood events from their lives.
John Faulkner died at age 61 from a stroke in Oxford, Mississippi, two weeks after he finished reading the galleys of "My Brother Bill". He is interred in St. Peter's Cemetery, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20541277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541277" title="Toshihiro Aoyama">
Toshihiro Aoyama

In May 2012, Aoyama flashed his name up in lights after scoring from his own half in a match against the Yokohama F. Marinos. He spotted the Yokohama goalkeeper off his line and let fly from a good 15 yards inside his own half as the ball flew into the net without even taking a bounce beforehand.
Career statistics.
Last update: 2 February 2014
1Includes Japanese Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20541287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541287" title="Korean Film Awards">
Korean Film Awards

The Korean Film Awards is a South Korean film awards ceremony hosted by the broadcasting network MBC from 2002 to 2010. 
History.
Originally named the MBC Film Awards, the ceremony was first established in 2002. It was renamed the Korean Film Awards in 2003. Votes were determined from a jury of 500 film professionals and 500 viewers selected through the internet, using a 7:3 ratio.
In 2009, failure to secure sponsors during the global economic recession resulted in the cancellation of that year's ceremony. It resumed in 2010, with Hyundai Motor Company as the main sponsor. But persistent financial difficulties regarding the production costs led MBC to abolish the awards in 2011. 
Awards.
The categories are:

</doc>
<doc id="20541293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541293" title="Love Is Contagious">
Love Is Contagious

"Love Is Contagious" is the debut single by Taja Sevelle, released in 1987. The song was taken from her eponymous debut album, released on Paisley Park Records. It is Sevelle's only major chart hit, reaching number 7 on the UK Singles Chart in early 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20541295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541295" title="Honda TLR200">
Honda TLR200

The Honda Reflex (TLR200) is a dual purpose trials motorcycle sold through 1986 to 1987. Both year models are the exactly the same. 1987 models were left over bikes from 1986, re-badged as 1987 models.
The Honda Reflex used an XR200 engine in a different frame. This engine was also used in a three-wheeler made by Honda.
The Reflex also has the tight turning radii typical of trials motorcycles. Its steering column can almost turn completely perpendicular to the bike's frame. It's designed to be a stand up motorcycle, though it does have a seat and lights for road use. With light sprocket modifications it is a functional bike for motorcycle trials 
Honda produced other trials models
Specification.
Dimensions
Overall Length: 2080mm
Seat height: 780mm
Dry weight: 90 kg 
Total weight: 100 kg
Engine 
Type: Gasoline air cooled 4 stroke cycle 
Bore x Stroke: 65.5 x 57.8mm
Compression Ratio: 8.2:1 
Valve Train: Over head cam Chain driven 
Maximum Horsepower: 13.4ps/6,500rpm 
Displacement: 194cc 
Drive Train
Clutch: Wet Multi Plate 
Transmission 6 speed constant mesh 
Frame
Type: Diamond Frame 
Front suspension Travel:160mm
Rear suspension Travel:150mm

</doc>
<doc id="20541306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541306" title="Cystofilobasidiales">
Cystofilobasidiales

The Cystofilobasidiales are an order in the fungal class Tremellomycetes. Taxa are teleomorphic basidiomycetous yeasts with holobasidia and teliospores. "Cystofilobasidium" is the type genus. The order contains 1 family (the Cystofilobasidiaceae), 9 genera, and 20 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20541308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541308" title="Filobasidiales">
Filobasidiales

The Filobasidiales are an order in the fungal class Tremellomycetes. The one family in the order, the Filobasidiaceae, contains four species. They are distinguished from other tremelloid species by the lack of a macroscopic basidiocarp.

</doc>
<doc id="20541309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541309" title="Yojiro Takahagi">
Yojiro Takahagi

Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Japanese Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20541313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541313" title="Tremellales">
Tremellales

The Tremellales are an order of fungi in the class Tremellomycetes. The order contains both teleomorphic and anamorphic species, most of the latter being yeasts. All teleomorphic species in the Tremellales are parasites of other fungi, though the yeast states are widespread and not restricted to hosts. Basidiocarps (fruit bodies), when produced, are gelatinous. 
The order currently comprises 8 families, containing around 300 valid species. Significant genera include "Tremella", two species of which are edible and commercially cultivated, and the yeast genera "Cryptococcus" and "Trichosporon", several species of which are human pathogens.
History.
The order Tremellales was created by Carleton Rea in 1922 for species in which the basidia were "tremelloid" (globose to ellipsoid with vertical or diagonal septa). Rea placed within it one family, the Tremellaceae, having the same characteristics as the order.
This circumscription was generally accepted until the 1980s. In 1945, however, G.W. Martin proposed a substantial extension of the order to include all the species within the (now obsolete) class Heterobasidiomycetes except for the rusts and the smuts. Martin therefore included within the Tremellales not only the Tremellaceae, but also the Auriculariaceae, Dacrymycetaceae, Hyaloriaceae, Phleogenaceae, Septobasidiaceae, Sirobasidiaceae, and Tulasnellaceae (including "Ceratobasidium"). This extended version of the order was not widely adopted, but was used in a number of publications by Martin himself and, as late as the 1970s, by his student Bernard Lowy.
A more precise revision was undertaken in 1984, when Bandoni used transmission electron microscopy to investigate the ultrastructure of the septal pore apparatus in species of the Tremellales. This revealed that "Tremella" and its allies were distinct from "Exidia" and its allies, despite both groups having tremelloid basidia. Bandoni referred the latter group to the Auriculariales, restricting the Tremellales to the Tremellaceae, Sirobasidiaceae, and Tetragoniomycetaceae.
Current status.
Molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, confirms Bandoni's split between the tremelloid and exidioid fungi and extends the circumscription of the tremelloid group by including several yeast genera whose status was formerly uncertain. Molecular research has also indicated that the genus "Filobasidiella" (together with its yeast state "Cryptococcus") and the genus "Syzygospora" should be included within the group, even though species in these genera do not have tremelloid basidia. The Trichosporonaceae, a family of yeasts, is sometimes placed in its own separate order (the Trichosporonales), but current consensus places the family within the Tremellales. Several genera — "Sigmogloea", "Tremellina", and "Xenolachne" — whose family placement is uncertain are also included in the order.

</doc>
<doc id="20541322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541322" title="Horton, Northumberland">
Horton, Northumberland

Horton is a pair of small settlements, West Horton and East Horton, divided by the a stream - the Horton Burn - in Northumberland, England north east of Wooler and west of Belford.
It is first attested as "Horton' (Turbervill)" ('Horton held by the Turbervill family') in 1242. The place-name "Horton" is a common one in England. It derives from Old English "horu" 'dirt' and "tūn" 'settlement, farm, estate', presumably meaning 'farm on muddy soil'.
Landmarks.
The Devil's Causeway passes through the village and continues north under a C Road for about to Lowick. The causeway is a Roman road which starts at Port Gate on Hadrian's Wall, north of Corbridge, and extends northwards across Northumberland to the mouth of the River Tweed at Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Two miles to the north of the village is Hetton Hall, which comprises a 15th-century pele tower with 18th and 19th century additions.
A little over a mile to the south-west, Weetwood Hall is another medieval tower house, altered and extended in the 18th and 19th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20541337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541337" title="Namhang Bridge">
Namhang Bridge

Namhang Bridge (남항대교) is a girder bridge in Busan. It spans Yeongdo-gu and Seo-gu and is 1.8 km long in total with four lanes of traffic (two in each direction). 
Effects.
The bridge was constructed as part of the Southern Busan Throughfare (부산남부순환로) initiative. It has significantly reduced time between Yeongdo Island and
western Busan. Initially, a trip from Seo-gu to Yeongdo-gu (or vice versa) was 7 km long and would take 30 minutes. Now, it is only 2 km long and takes 3 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20541347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541347" title="Kota Hattori">
Kota Hattori

Career statistics.
Last update: 8 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20541356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541356" title="Leslie White (rugby league)">
Leslie White (rugby league)

Leslie "Les" White is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s playing at club level for Penrith Panthers, Western Suburbs Magpies, South Sydney Rabbitohs, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20541362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541362" title="Ryuichi Hirashige">
Ryuichi Hirashige

Career statistics.
Last update: 22 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20541363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20541363" title="Ilkari Maru">
Ilkari Maru

Ilkari Maru is a Central Australian Indigenous band from the 1980s. They played country rock music and sing in English and Pitjantjatjara. They released two albums through CAAMA Music, Ilkari Maru (1984) and Lightning Strikes (Wangangarangk Rungkanu) (1987).

</doc>
