<doc id="20643032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643032" title="Television in Japan">
Television in Japan

Television broadcasting in Japan started in 1950, making the country one of the first in the world with an experimental television service, although the first television tests were conducted as early as 1926 using a combined mechanical Nipkow disk and electronic Braun tube system, later switching to an all-electronic system in the 1930s using a domestically developed iconoscope system. In spite of that, because of the beginning of World War II in the Pacific region, this first full-fledged TV broadcast experimentation lasted only a few months. Regular television broadcasts only started several years after the war, in 1953, when the public NHK General TV and the commercial Nippon Television were launched in the span of a few months.
A modified version of the North American NTSC system for analog signals, called NTSC-J was used for analog broadcast until 2011. Starting July 24, 2011, the analog broadcast has ceased and only digital broadcast using the ISDB standard is available.
All Japanese households having at least one TV set are mandated to pay an annual subscription fee used to fund NHK, the Japanese public service broadcaster. The fee varies from ¥14,910 to ¥28,080 depending on the method and timing of payment and on whether one receives only terrestrial television or also satellite broadcasts. Households on welfare may be excused from the subscription payments. In any case, there is no authority to impose sanctions or fines in the event of non-payment; people may (and many do) throw away the bills and turn away the occasional bill collector, without consequence.
Terrestrial television.
In Japan, there are six nationwide television networks, as follows:
In addition to networks above, commercial stations not affiliated with the above form a non-strict network called the Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations (JAITS). Apart from them, the Open University of Japan broadcasts to the whole Kanto region with programmes—mostly in-house productions.
Regional affiliates and other local channels.
Tokyo
Osaka
Nagoya
Fukuoka
Sapporo
Hiroshima
Sendai
Shizuoka
Okayama
Toyama
Kanazawa
Kumamoto
Okinawa
Kyoto
Digital television.
Japan pioneered HDTV for decades with an analog implementation (MUSE/Hi-Vision). The old system is not compatible with the new digital standards. Japanese terrestrial broadcasting of HD via ISDB-T started on December 1, 2003 in the Tokyo, Osaka, and Nagoya metropolitan areas. It has been reported that 27 million HD receivers had been sold in Japan as of October 2007.
The Japanese government is studying the implementation of some improvements on the standard as suggested by Brazilian researchers (SBTVD). These new features are unlikely to be adopted in Japan due to incompatibility problems, but are being considered for use in future implementations in other countries, including Brazil itself.
Analogue terrestrial television broadcasts in Japan were scheduled to end on July 24, 2011, as per the current Japanese broadcasting law. However, the switch-over was delayed in Fukushima, Miyagi, and Iwate prefectures, due to a desire to reduce the inconvenience of those affected most by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. In those areas, analogue broadcasting ended on March 31, 2012.
Satellite television.
The medium-scale Broadcasting Satellite for Experimental Purposes (BSE) was planned by Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications (MOPT) and developed by the National Space Development Agency of Japan (NASDA) since 1974. After that, the first Japanese experimental broadcasting satellite, called BSE or Yuri, was launched in 1978. NHK started experimental broadcasting of TV program using BS-2a satellite in May 1984.
The satellite BS-2a was launched in preparation for the start of full scale 2-channel broadcasts. Broadcasting Satellite BS-2a was the first national DBS (direct broadcasting satellite), transmitting signals directly into the home of TV viewers. Attitude control of the satellite was conducted using the 3 axial method (zero momentum), and design life was 5 years. The TV transponder units are designed to sufficiently amplify transmitted signals to enable reception by small, 40 or 60 cm home-use parabolic antennas. The satellite was equipped with 3 TV transponders (including reserve units). However, one transponder malfunctioned 2 months after launch (March 23, 1984) and a second transponder malfunctioned 3 months after launch (May 3, 1984). So, the scheduled satellite broadcasting had to be hastily adjusted to test broadcasting on a single channel.
Later, NHK started regular service (NTSC) and experimental HDTV broadcasting using BS-2b in June 1989. Some Japanese producers of home electronic consumer devices began to deliver TV sets, VCRs and even home acoustic systems equipped by built-in satellite tuners or receivers. Such electronic goods had a specific "BS" logo.
In April 1991, Japanese company JSB started pay TV service while BS-3 communication satellite was in use. In 1996 total number of households that receive satellite broadcasting exceeded 10 million.
The modern two satellite systems in use in Japan are BSAT and JCSAT; the modern WOWOW Broadcasting Satellite digital service uses BSAT satellites, while other system of digital TV broadcasting SKY PerfecTV! uses JCSAT satellites.
Programs.
While TV programs vary from station to station, some generalizations can be made. Most commercial television stations sign on between the hours of 4:00 AM and 5:00 AM every morning. Early morning hours are dominated by news programs, and these run from around 9:00 to 9:30 AM. They are then replaced by late morning shows that target wives who have finished their housework. These run to around 1:30PM, at which time reruns of dramas and information programs that target the same age group start. At around 4:00PM, the young kid-oriented anime and TV shows start, and end around 6:00PM. News programs takeover for an hour ending in 7:00PM, when the "Golden Hour" of TV shows start. 7:00PM to 9:00PM are the time periods into which TV stations pour the most resources. Appearing in this time frame is a certain sign that an actor or actress is a TV star. After 9:00 they switch over to Japanese television dramas and programs focusing on older age groups, which run till 10:00 or 11:00PM. Some stations run news programs from 10:00PM, and around midnight sports news programs run which target working ages. After these, programs for mature audiences run as well as anime that do not expect enough viewers if they were run earlier. Most commercial stations sign off between 2:00 AM and 3:00 AM every night; however, most stations affiliated with NNS broadcast 24 hours a day, with the sign off window replaced by a simulcast of the network's News 24 service during the overnight hours. NHK is required to broadcast 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
The Japanese have sometimes subdivided television series and dramas into , from the French term "cours" for "course", which is a 3-month period usually of 13 episodes. Each "kūru" generally has its own opening and ending image sequence and song, recordings of which are often sold. A six-month period of 26 episodes is also used for subdivision in some television series.
Science fiction.
Japan has a long history of producing science fiction series for TV. Only a few of these series are aired outside Japan and even when aired, they tend to be edited, rarely retaining their original storyline. Non-anime science fiction are still largely unknown to foreign audiences. An exception is "Power Rangers" and their subsequent series that used battle sequences from the Super Sentai counterpart and combined them with American actors who acted out entirely original story lines.
Anime.
, taken from half of the Japanese pronunciation of "animation", is the Japanese word for animation in general, but is used more specifically to mean "Japanese animation" in the rest of the world. Anime dates from about 1917. TV networks regularly broadcast anime programming. In Japan, major national TV networks, such as TV Tokyo broadcast anime regularly. Smaller regional stations broadcast anime on UHF. "Naruto", "Pokemon", "Bleach", "Dragon Ball", and "One Piece" are examples of anime. While many popular series air during the daytime and evening hours, most air only at night from 12:00am - 4:00am. These series usually make profits primarily through BD(Blu-ray Disc)/DVD sales and merchandising rather than through television advertisement. Some anime series are original, but most are intended to promote something else, such as an ongoing manga, light novel, or video-game series.
Variety shows.
Japanese variety shows (also known as Japanese game shows) are television entertainment made up of a variety of original stunts, musical performances, comedy skits, quiz contests, and other acts. Japanese television programs such as Music Station and Utaban continue in an almost pristine format from the same variety shows of years before. The only major changes have been the increasing disappearance of live backup music since the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20643059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643059" title="Blake Harrison">
Blake Harrison

Blake Harrison (born Blake Harrison Keenan; 23 June 1985) is an English actor, best known for playing Neil Sutherland in the E4 comedy "The Inbetweeners".
Early life.
He attended the BRIT School in 2003 and graduated from East 15 Acting School.
Career.
Blake starred in three series and a subsequent film of the multi-award winning comedy "The Inbetweeners". Harrison's other television work includes the BBC Three Comedy "Way to Go", Comedy Central's "Big Bad World", "The Bleak Old Shop of Stuff", and "The Bill". Harrison also starred in both seasons of "The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret", created by David Cross.
Harrison's theatre work includes "Step 9 of 12" at the Trafalgar Studios, London in 2012 and "The Accidental Lives of Memories" at the White Bear Theatre.
Harrison's film work includes "Keeping Rosy" with Maxine Peake and "Re-Uniting the Rubins' with Timothy Spall; he also starred in "Her Eyes Met With Mine", a short film by Slightly Ajar Productions.
He currently plays Alfie in the ITV sitcom "Edge of Heaven".
Personal life.
Harrison is a huge fan of Millwall Football Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20643069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643069" title="Le Dernier Verre">
Le Dernier Verre

Le Dernier Verre (tr: the last glass) is a best-selling book by French cardiologist Olivier Ameisen based upon his experience of curing himself of alcoholism using the muscle relaxant, baclofen.
The book has been translated to English as "The End of My Addiction", and German as "Das Ende meiner Sucht".

</doc>
<doc id="20643078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643078" title="CSL New World Mobility Group">
CSL New World Mobility Group

CSL New World Mobility Group was established in 2006 with the merger of two mobile network operators, Hong Kong CSL Limited and New World PCS Limited. Its shareholders are Australian telecommunications company Telstra Corporation (76.4%) and New World Development (23.6%). It offers three brand names of 2G and 3G mobile phone services, including New World Mobility, 1010 and one2free.

</doc>
<doc id="20643081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643081" title="Malaysia Federal Route 205">
Malaysia Federal Route 205

Federal Route 205 or Jalan Kampung Gunong-Batu Melintang-Kampung Lawar is a federal road in Kelantan, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 205 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20643110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643110" title="Inter-American Institute for Global Change Research">
Inter-American Institute for Global Change Research

The Inter-American Institute for Global Change Research, IAI, is an intergovernmental organization supported by 19 countries in the Americas, dedicated to pursuing the principles of scientific excellence, international cooperation, and the full and open exchange of scientific information to increase the understanding of global change phenomena and their socio-economic implications.
Recognizing the need to better understand the natural and social processes which drive large scale environmental change, the IAI encourages interactive exchanges between scientists and policy makers. The goal of the IAI is to augment the scientific capacity in the region and to provide information to policy makers in a useful and timely manner. Its primary objective is to encourage research beyond the scope of national programs, by advancing comparative and focused studies based on scientific issues important to the region as a whole.
The IAI's Mission.
To develop the capacity of understanding the integrated impact of present and future global change on regional and continental environments in the Americas and to promote collaborative research and informed action at all levels.
The IAI's Core values.
IAI pursues the principles of scientific excellence, international cooperation and full and open exchange of scientific information relevant to global environmental change.
The IAI's Vision.
The IAI was envisaged as an intergovernmental instrument by which scientists and decision makers of countries throughout the Americas might jointly address the critical issues associated with global change in the region.
Background.
As evidenced by the participation of most of the worlds leaders in the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, June 1992, the phenomenon of global change is perceived as one of the most critical challenges facing the world today. Physical and socio-economic evidence of global change related phenomena such as ozone depletion, loss of biological diversity and changes in rainfall patterns and intensity, can be found in all areas of the world. Regardless of whether the particular phenomenon is natural or human-induced, its effects often cross geopolitical borders. Thus, many environmental issues must be addressed scientifically as global or regional problems, with steps towards mitigation or alleviation taken at a national level.
History.
In response to the plea of a regional approach entity to address global change issues, sixteen nations in the Americas signed the Agreement establishing the Inter-American Institute for Global Change Research on May 13, 1992 in Montevideo, Uruguay. The treaty has been ratified by all 16 signatories and has been acceded to by three other American nations. The agreement came into force on March 12, 1994, thus creating the IAI.
To accomplish IAI's mission and goals, in 1992 contributing scientists and science managers of the region crafted an initial Science Agenda. In 1997, in response to the evolving regional priorities, the IAI Scientific Advisory Committee revised the initial Science Agenda, re-arranged it and included new pressing issues in the current IAI Science Agenda.
Each member country participating in the IAI benefits from the enhancement of regional relationships, the establishment of new institutional arrangements, open exchange of scientific data, and information generated by the Institute's research programs, and the implementation of IAI Training and Education Programs.
The United States National Science Foundation hosted the IAI Secretariat from September 1994 until September 1996. Afterwards, the IAI became fully operational at the IAI Directorate located in the campus of the Instituto Nacional de Pesquisas Espaciais (INPE) in São José dos Campos, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20643131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643131" title="Gilles Zolty">
Gilles Zolty

Gilles Zolty is a Canadian musician, singer, songwriter and producer. He grew up in Montreal, Quebec, and was first part of the rock band Johnny Got His Gun. Travels to Europe were influential in his developing style, and the Zolty Cracker song "L'Immigrant" is semi-autobigraphical, based on his experiences living in a village in southern France, as well as his childhood in Quebec. A cassette of his early work was released as "Zolty".
He moved out west to Vancouver, British Columbia in the late 1980s. Not long after his arrival he started singing for Freedom Press. From 1989 to 1997 Zolty along with band mates Annie Wilkinson and Wayne Adams played in Zolty Cracker, a band formed around the presentation of his songs. Three albums were produced in that time as well as tours across Canada, down the west and east coasts of the United States and over to Europe. Not long after Zolty Cracker's last gig Gilles started on his second solo venture. Called "Horny Astronaut", it was finished in 2000.
Zolty is one of the founders of Music Waste, an annual festival in Vancouver established in 1994, supporting and promoting independent bands. Currently living in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Zolty continues to help young artists. In 2007 he produced a compilation album of young aboriginal hip hop artists, "Burden of Truth". He has studied film scoring at Berklee College of Music and continues film work in Saskatchewan. 
Zoly released an eponymous solo album in 2010 on the record label Boutique Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20643163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643163" title="Nieuport 23">
Nieuport 23

__NOTOC__
The Nieuport 23 was a fighter aircraft produced in France during the First World War. It was a development of the Nieuport 17 intended to address structural weakness of the earlier type, and most were produced with a lighter version of the Le Rhône 9J engine that powered the Nieuport 17, offering a better power-to-weight ratio. Internally, the main difference between the Types 17 and 23 was a redesigned wing spar in the upper wing. This, however, did not prove satisfactory, and when the fighter displayed an unacceptably high accident rate due to shedding its wings in flight, the "Général chef du service aéronautique" ordered that either additional reinforcement be added to the wings or that the type be withdrawn from service. One hundred and fifty new sets of wings were ordered to keep the type flying. External differences included better streamlining of the forward fuselage and a synchronised machine gun mounted on the upper fuselage and firing through the propeller disc. Nieuport 23s ordered for Britain's Royal Flying Corps nevertheless were fitted with machine guns that fired over the top of the upper wing, in the way that the Nieuport 17 had been armed. 
A photograph published in the Osprey book about German squadron Jasta 18 shows a crashed Nieuport 23 (No A6678) which had been piloted by Lt J R Anthony of Royal Flying Corps (RFC) No 1 Squadron over the Western Front. This machine was shot down from an altitude of 5,200 metres on May 25, 1917, but managed to force land beside a German flak battery. Anthony was fatally wounded while his machine was captured, minus its rudder, which was taken by the victorious German pilot. This individual RFC Nieuport 23 shows a top-wing Lewis gun had been fitted but it is unclear if the Vickers gun on the cowling had been retained. This Lewis is on a fixed top-wing mount and not the sliding Foster mount popularised on the later SE5. Historians have found it difficult to identify how many of each Nieuport type were operated by the RFC as its surviving records tended to only specify 'Nieuport scout'. Thus an unknown proportion of various Nieuport models including the Nieu 11, 17 and 23 were issued to squadrons. Individual Nieuport types are best identified from surviving photos rather than archives. Some Nieuports were retained by later RFC squadrons as personal aircraft. Such pilots included Billy Bishop VC and Albert Ball VC.
The Nieuport 17bis flown by French ace Charles Nungesser was later converted to Nieuport 23 standard. Some 49 Nieuport 23s were purchased by the USA in April 1918, probably for use as advanced trainers for pilots due to fly the later Nieuport 28.
A trainer version was produced as the Nieuport 23 École (or Nieuport 21/23) with an 80 hp Le Rhône engine.
A Nieuport 23 is preserved at the "Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and of Military History" in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="20643206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643206" title="Svenska kyrkans nationella ungdomskör">
Svenska kyrkans nationella ungdomskör

Svenska kyrkans nationella ungdomskör is a Swedish mixed choir whose members are between 16-25 of age. It was started and is led by Birgitta Rosenquist-Brorson as a project to strengthen the classical youth choir activity in Sweden.
In 2008 the choir did the first performance of Thomas Jennefelt and Niklas Rådström's production Av någon sedd ("Seen By Someone") in Stavanger.

</doc>
<doc id="20643216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643216" title="Nate Loughran">
Nate Loughran

Nathaniel James Loughran is an American mixed martial artist. Loughran currently competes for the Ultimate Fighting Championship in their welterweight division. 
Biography.
Nate is the son of Rob (author) and Luanne Loughran (deceased) and has 4 sisters. His father remarried in 1993, and the family grew to a total of 8 children.
Nate attended Rancho Cotate High School and Santa Rosa Junior College where he was a standout wrestler. He also played soccer as a child/teen.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Loughran's first UFC fight was against Johnny Rees at , where he won by submission in the first round. 
Loughran lost his second UFC fight against Tim Credeur at via TKO (injury) in the third round. After his loss to Credeur he asked to be released from the UFC.
In late 2013, Loughran was re-signed by the promotion and is expected to face Erick Silva on February 15, 2014 at UFC Fight Night 36.

</doc>
<doc id="20643246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643246" title="New World Mobility">
New World Mobility

New World Mobility () is a mobile communications brand name in Hong Kong. It was launched in 1997 and previously parented by New World PCS Limited. In April 2006, New World PCS Limited merged with Hong Kong CSL Limited to form a new joint-venture company called "CSL New World Mobility Group", whose shareholders are Australian telecommunications company Telstra Corporation (76.4%) and New World Mobile Holdings Limited (23.6%). New World Mobility became one of the brand names of the JV's mobile services. In October 2006, New World Mobile Holdings Limited sold its 23.6% stakes of the JV to New World Development.

</doc>
<doc id="20643298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643298" title="LGBT rights at the United Nations">
LGBT rights at the United Nations

Discussions of LGBT rights at the United Nations have mainly centered around resolutions in the General Assembly and the United Nations Human Rights Council regarding the topic. In the General Assembly, a proposed resolution supporting LGBT rights originally submitted in its first form in 2008 by French/Dutch representatives, backed by the European Union, remains open for signature, with ninety-four countries having signed thus far. In the United Nations Human Rights Council another resolution supporting LGBT rights, proposed by South Africa, was passed in 2011.
Since its founding in 1945, the United Nations had not discussed LGBT rights (regarding equality regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity) until December 2008, when a Dutch/French-initiated, European Union-backed statement was presented to the United Nations General Assembly. The statement, originally intended to be adopted as resolution, prompted an Arab League-backed statement opposing it. Both statements remain open for signature and neither of them has been officially adopted by the United Nations General Assembly.
The proposed declaration includes a condemnation of violence, harassment, discrimination, exclusion, stigmatization, and prejudice based on sexual orientation and gender identity that undermine personal integrity and dignity. It also includes condemnation of killings and executions, torture, arbitrary arrest, and deprivation of economic, social, and cultural rights on those grounds. In the declaration text, para 7 that "we recall "the statement" in 2006 before the Human Rights Council by fifty four countries requesting the President of the Council to provide an opportunity, at an appropriate future session of the Council, for discussing these violations." and para 8 that "we commend "the attention" paid to those issues by special procedures of the Human Rights Council and treaty bodies and encourage them to continue to integrate consideration of human rights violations based on sexual orientation and gender identity within their relevant mandate.", indicate The Yogyakarta Principles which provide definitions in detail on sexual orientation and on gender identity as a document on international human rights law.
The Declaration been praised as a breakthrough for human rights, breaking the previous taboo against speaking about LGBT rights in the United Nations.
On June 17, 2011, South Africa initiated a resolution in the United Nations Human Rights Council requesting the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to draft a report detailing the situation of LGBT citizens worldwide to follow up and implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action. The resolution passed 23 to 19 with the three abstentions being Burkina Faso, China, and Zambia. It was the first such resolution and was hailed as "historic."
The report, which came out in December 2011, documented violations of the rights of LGBT people, including hate crime, criminalization of homosexuality, and discrimination. High Commissioner Navi Pillay called for the repeal of laws criminalizing homosexuality; equitable ages of consent; comprehensive laws against discrimination based on sexual orientation; prompt investigation and recording of hate crime incidents; and other measures to ensure the protection of LGBT rights. The text of the report from the Human Rights Commission is dated on 17 November 2011.
Background.
Same-sex relationships are currently illegal in 76 countries and punishable by death in seven. In the 1980s, early United Nations reports on the AIDS-HIV pandemic made some reference to homosexuality, and the 1986 Human Freedom Index did include a specific question, in judging the human rights record of each nation, with regards to the existence of criminal laws against homosexuality. 
In its 1994 decision in "Toonen v. Australia", The UN Human Rights Committee, which is responsible for the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), declared that such laws are in violation of human rights law.
In 2003 a number of predominantly European countries put forward the Brazilian Resolution at the UN Human Rights Commission stating the intention that lesbian and gay rights be considered as fundamental as the rights of all human beings.
In 2006, with the effort of its founder, Louis George Tin, International Day Against Homophobia (IDAHO) launched a worldwide campaign to end the criminalisation of same-sex relationships. The campaign was supported by dozens of international public figures including Nobel laureates, academics, clergy and celebrities.
In 2008, the 34 member countries of the Organization of American States unanimously approved a declaration affirming that human rights protections extend to sexual orientation and gender identity.
Following meetings between Tin and French Minister of Human Rights and Foreign Affairs Rama Yade in early 2008, Yade announced that she would appeal at the UN for the universal decriminalization of homosexuality; the appeal was quickly taken up as an international concern.
Co-sponsored by France, which then held the rotating presidency of the European Union, and The Netherlands on behalf of the European Union, the declaration had been intended as a resolution; it was decided to use the format of a declaration of a limited group of States because there was not enough support for the adoption of an official resolution by the General Assembly as a whole. The declaration was read out by Ambassador Jorge Argüello of Argentina on 18 December 2008, and was the first declaration concerning gay rights read in the General Assembly.
General Assembly resolution and Declaration.
Support.
Several speakers addressing a conference on the declaration noted that in many countries laws against homosexuality stemmed as much from the British colonial past as from alleged religious or tradition reasons.
Voicing France's support for the draft declaration, Rama Yade asked: "How can we tolerate the fact that people are stoned, hanged, decapitated and tortured only because of their sexual orientation?"
UK-based activist Peter Tatchell said of the declaration:
Signatories.
94 member-states of the United Nations have sponsored the declaration in support of LGBT rights in either the General Assembly, the Human Rights Council, or in both. Sponsoring nations are listed below.
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Oceania
Opposition.
Among the first to voice opposition for the declaration, in early December 2008, was the Holy See's Permanent Observer at the United Nations, Archbishop Celestino Migliore, who claimed that the declaration could be used to force countries to recognise same-sex marriage:
A key part of the Vatican opposition to the draft Declaration relates to the concept of gender identity. In a statement on 19 December, Archbishop Migliore noted:
However, Archbishop Migliore also made clear the Vatican's opposition to legal discrimination against homosexuals: "The Holy See continues to advocate that every sign of unjust discrimination towards homosexual persons should be avoided and urges States to do away with criminal penalties against them."
In an editorial response, Italy's La Stampa newspaper called the Vatican’s reasoning "grotesque", claiming that the Vatican feared a "chain reaction in favour of legally recognised homosexual unions in countries, like Italy, where there is currently no legislation."
The United States, citing conflicts with US law, originally opposed the adoption of the nonbinding measure, as did Russia, China, the Holy See, and members of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation. The Holy See's Permanent Observer Mission issued a statement saying that the draft declaration "challenges existing human rights norms." The Obama administration changed the US position to support the measure in February 2009.
An alternative statement, supported by 57 member nations, was read by the Syrian representative in the General Assembly. The statement, led by the Organization of the Islamic Conference, rejected the idea that sexual orientation is a matter of genetic coding and claimed that the declaration threatened to undermine the international framework of human rights, adding that the statement "delves into matters which fall essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of states" and could lead to "the social normalization, and possibly the legitimization, of many deplorable acts including paedophilia."(although scientific research has shown that neither heterosexuals nor homosexuals are any more likely to inflict child abuse) The Organization failed in a related attempt to delete the phrase "sexual orientation" from a Swedish-backed formal resolution condemning summary executions, although recently the phrase was removed with 79 votes to 70, and then subsequently restored by a vote of 93 to 55.
Signatories.
57 UN member nations had initially co-sponsored the opposing statement in 2008:
Some of these countries later switched their position to support the original resolution backing LGBT rights in 2011, leaving 54 countries as continued sponsors of the statement opposing LGBT rights. The countries which removed themselves as co-sponsors of the statement opposing LGBT who all subsequently switched to sponsoring the statement supporting LGBT rights are specifically noted below.
Africa
Americas
Asia
Oceania
UN Human Rights Council Resolution and Discussion.
A resolution submitted by South Africa requesting a study on discrimination and sexual orientation (A/HRC/17/L.9/Rev.1) passed, 23 to 19 with 3 abstentions, in the Human Rights Council on June 17, 2011. This is the first time that any United Nations body approved a resolution affirming the rights of LGBT people. The resolution called on the office of United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay to draw up the first U.N. report on challenges faced by gay people worldwide. The votes on this resolution were as follows: 
African States (13)
<br> initiative
Asian States (13)
Eastern European States (6)
Latin American & Caribbean States (8)
Western European & Other States (7)
The High Commissioner's report, released December 2011, found that violence against LGBT persons remains common, and confirmed that "Seventy-six countries retain laws that are used to criminalize people on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity" (para. 40), and that "In at least five countries the death penalty may be applied to those found guilty of offences relating to consensual, adult homosexual conduct" (para. 45).
The High Commissioner's report led to a panel discussion by the Human Rights Council in March 2012. The divided nature of the UN, and the Council members in particular, was again evident. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described violence and discrimination based on sexual orientation as “a monumental tragedy for those affected and a stain on the collective consciousness” (para. 3), and many others voiced similar concerns. However, “A number of states had signaled their opposition to any discussion of sexual orientation and gender identity by leaving the Council chamber at the start of the meeting,” and “A number voiced their opposition on cultural or religious grounds, or argued that sexual orientation and gender identity were new concepts that lay outside the framework of international human rights law” (para. 11)

</doc>
<doc id="20643320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643320" title="Theodore Hope">
Theodore Hope

Sir Theodore Cracraft Hope KCSI CIE (9 December 1831 – 4 July 1915) often referred to as T. C. Hope was a British born civil servant of the Government of India, including Public Works, and was an active layman of the Anglican Church.
Life.
Born in 1831, Theodore Hope was the only child of Dr. James Hope, F.R.S., a wealthy physician at St George's Hospital, whose research in connection with heart disease was cut short by his death from consumption in middle life. Theodore's mother, Anne was an author. Hope was privately educated for the most part, with spells at Rugby School, and afterwards at Haileybury, then the East India Company's college. From frequent yachting practice abroad he was able to secure a master's certificate before he was 20; and when he joined the Bombay Civil Service in 1853 he spoke five European languages.
Within two years of landing Hope became Inspector in Gujarat, India for the newly formed Education Department. With native scholars he prepared a series of Gujarati text-books. Next he served Sir George Clerk, the Governor, as private secretary, and then was given charge of the Ahmedabad district, where he pursued his archeological hobbies, and when he came home on long leave in 1865-66 he published three large works of the architectural monuments of Ahmedabad, Bijapur, and Dharwar. Returning to India, he spent eight years as Collector of Surat, and in 1871 he was called to Bombay, to preside over a committee appointed to deal with the unsatisfactory state of municipal finance. For a time he filled the post of the Commissioner there.
He represented his province in the Viceregal Legislature in India and served also as secretary in the Revenue Department, and was made Secretary for Famine at the close of 1876. In 1880 he was appointed provisional member of the Bombay Government, but did not take up the post, as he was required at headquarters as Secretary of the Finance Department. In 1882 he became Public works Member of the Governor-General's Council and his 5½ years in that position were marked by a railway development which raised the open mileage from 8,000 to 14,000, and also by an advance of 20 per cent in the area of land brought under irrigation. He was made a C.I.E. in 1882, and a K.C.S.I. four years later. He left India in 1888.
Sir Theodore married in 1866 to Josephine Fulton, the only daughter of Mr. J. W. Fulton, of Braidujle House, Co. Down. They had no children. He died on 4 July 1915 and is buried at Highgate Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20643365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643365" title="Zoar, Delaware">
Zoar, Delaware

Zoar is an unincorporated community located in Sussex County, Delaware. It is near Mount Joy, Delaware.

</doc>
<doc id="20643388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643388" title="Hashim ibn Utbah">
Hashim ibn Utbah

Hashim ibn Utbah bin Abi Waqas was a Muslim army commander. He was Sa`d ibn Abi Waqqas' nephew through his father, and was a Sahaba (a companions of the Prophet Mohammed). Hashim participated in the Ridda wars against the rebellious Arabic tribes following the death of Prophet Mohammad in order to return them to Islam. He fought the Byzantines in Battle of Yarmouk under the command of Khalid ibn al-Walid. He played a vital role in the Battle of al-Qādisiyyah that led to the conquest of Al-Mada'in by Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="20643395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643395" title="Live at the Whiskey">
Live at the Whiskey

Live at the Whiskey is the first live album by the Mentors. It consists of extracts from two gigs recorded in the year 1983 - the A-side at the Whiskey, and the B-side at the Cathay de Grande.
In 2004, it was released on CD, with a track from the "Live in Frisco" EP (released in 1987 but recorded in the same era) and a spoken word track about the history of the Mentors until 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20643405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643405" title="Iztok Osojnik">
Iztok Osojnik

Iztok Osojnik (born 27 July 1951) is a Slovene poet and essayist. Between 1997 and 2004 he was the director of the Vilenica International Literary Festival organized by the Slovene Writers' Association.
Osojnik was born in Ljubljana in 1951. He studied Comparative literature at the University of Ljubljana under the supervision of the literary historian and philosopher Dušan Pirjevec. In his college years he collaborated with the poet Jure Detela and sociologist Iztok Saksida in publishing their "Podrealistični manifest" (The Sub-realist Manifesto) in 1979 and later participated in the avantgarde group called "Pisarna Aleph" (Aleph Office). Between 1980 and 1982 he continued his postgraduate studies at the Kansai Gaidai University in Osaka, Japan. In 2000 he was the fellow of Cambridge Seminar on Contemporary English Writers and in 2001 the fellow of Goethe Institut in Berlin. Between 2002 and 2003 he visited the USA on a Fulbright Fellowship. 
He has published several collections of poetry. In 1996 he received the Jenko Award for his poetry collection "Klesani kamni" (Carved Stones). His poems have been translated into English, German, French, Italian, Croatian, Hungarian, Hebrew, Macedonian, Malay, Lithuanian, Polish, Portuguese and Romanian.
He lives and works in Ljubljana.

</doc>
<doc id="20643448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643448" title="Jēkabs Rēdlihs">
Jēkabs Rēdlihs

Jēkabs Rēdlihs (born March 29, 1982 in Riga, Latvian SSR, USSR) is a Latvian ice hockey Defender currently playing for Dinamo Riga in Kontinental Hockey League.
Playing career.
Rēdlihs was selected in the fourth round 119th overall by the Columbus Blue Jackets in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. Drafted from the New York Applecore of the EJHL, Rēdlihs then enrolled with Boston University of the Hockey East and completed a four-collegiate career with the Terriers earning Hockey East All-Rookie honors in his freshman year.
After his 2005–06 senior season with the Hockey East champions, Rēdlihs made his professional debut when he signed an ATO contract with the Blue Jackets affiliate, the Syracuse Crunch of the AHL on March 30, 2006.
Un-signed by Columbus, Rēdlihs was invited to the Blue Jackets training camp for the 2006–07 season but was then re-assigned to play with the Syracuse Crunch and second tier affiliate, the Dayton Bombers of the ECHL. He was again invited to the Blue Jackets 2007–08 training camp on September 10, 2007, but was later released to the Crunch on September 20, 2007.
After spending the majority of the season with the Elmira Jackals of the ECHL, Rēdlihs left North America when he signed with HC Plzeň of the Czech Extraliga on January 9, 2008. Helping to strengthen 1929's defense, he was then re-signed to a one-year contract for the 2008–09 season on March 31, 2008.
On July 17, 2009, Rēdlihs, a free agent, signed a two-year contract with Dinamo Riga of the KHL.
Personal.
Jēkabs Rēdlihs has three brothers. Two of them, Miķelis Rēdlihs and Krišjānis Rēdlihs, are hockey players. All three brothers have appeared together in Latvia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20643459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643459" title="Mount Joy, Delaware">
Mount Joy, Delaware

Mount Joy is an unincorporated community located in Sussex County, Delaware. It is near the community of Zoar.

</doc>
<doc id="20643477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643477" title="Live in Frisco">
Live in Frisco

Live in Frisco is the second live album by the Mentors. It is an extract of three tracks recorded at a concert in San Franscisco in 1983. "Live in Frisco" was also released as in a double pack with the "Get Up and Die" EP.
The tracks were later placed as bonus tracks on a reissue of El Duce's "The Karaoke King" album on CD. In 2004, "Having Sickie's Baby" was released as a bonus track on the CD re-release of "Live at the Whiskey".

</doc>
<doc id="20643480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643480" title="Speirs and Major Associates">
Speirs and Major Associates

Speirs + Major is a UK lighting design practice founded by Jonathan Speirs and Mark Major in 1992. The practice is noted for its illumination of prominent buildings, including Barajas International Airport, 30 St Mary Axe (‘The Gherkin’), the Millennium Dome and the interior of St. Pauls Cathedral. The firm has also developed lighting master plans for several British cities, including Cambridge, Coventry, Durham, Newcastle, and King’s Cross Central, London. 
The practice's work has been credited with helping to raise awareness of the lighting design profession in the UK. Today it employs approximately 30 people drawn from disciplines including architecture, art, lighting, interior, graphic and theatrical design. Its offices are based in London and Edinburgh, UK.
Lighting architects.
Both founding members Jonathan Speirs, who died in 2012, and Mark Major trained and practiced as architects before focusing on lighting design. In interviews they have argued that light should be embedded at the heart of the architectural design process rather than applied as a ‘cosmetic add-on’. This integral approach to light has led them to adopt the term ‘lighting architect’ to describe their role as ‘building with light as opposed to bricks and mortar’.
Notable projects.
RIBA Stirling Prize collaborations
Speirs and Major Associates have designed lighting for a number of buildings that have either won or been nominated for the RIBA Stirling Prize for architecture. 
Stirling Prize winners:
Stirling Prize shortlisted projects:
Bibliography.
In 2006 Jonathan Speirs and Mark Major authored the book "Made of Light: The Art of Light and Architecture", a series of visual essays on lighting design. The book is co-authored by Anthony Tischhauser and published by Swiss architectural publisher Birkhäuser.

</doc>
<doc id="20643486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643486" title="Chambar">
Chambar

Chambar, or Chamber, is a town of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is headquarters of Chamber Taluka (an administrative subdivision of the district). The town itself is administratively subdivided into two Union councils. It is located at 25°18'0N 68°49'0E with an altitude of 11 metres (39 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20643491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643491" title="Hovione">
Hovione

Hovione is a Portuguese company with over 50 years’ experience in Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) and Intermediate Drug Product development and compliant manufacture. With sites in the USA, Portugal, Ireland and China. The Company provides a number of products and services to the pharmaceutical industry including separate or integrated API, pre-formulated compounds, particle design, formulation development and manufacturing. It is also present in the inhalation area.
History.
Hovione was founded in Portugal in 1959 by three Hungarians, Horty, Villax and Onody, who together constituted Hovione´s name. Its main founder and chemist, Ivan Villax, was primarily involved in the research of semi-synthetic tetracyclines (antibiotics) and anti-inflammatory corticosteroids. The success of the research, financed in part by royalties derived from the licensing of existing patents to multinationals, and from small-scale production and export, brought about Hovione’s first major turning point: in 1969, the first factory was commissioned and built in Loures, Portugal. With this new manufacturing unit, Hovione was able to increase and ascertain its position as a player in the worldwide market of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (APIs).
Hovione continues to be a privately held company with 5 plants - in Portugal (1969), Macao (1986), New Jersey (2001), Taizhou in mainland China (2008) and Cork, Ireland (2009) - have a total reactor capacity of 1300 m³ and 1100 people worldwide. Since Hovione started operations in 1959, the company has patented more than 100 innovative chemical processes and produced industrially over 45 different APIs. All Hovione sites have been successfully inspected either by FDA, European medicines agency or the PMDA Japanese agency. 
Hovione is a major source of semi-synthetic tetracyclines and corticosteroids, and is the largest independent supplier of contrast agents – these three families of compounds make up most of its generic product portfolio. The other half of the business focuses on exclusive projects:
Research and Development.
Hovione invested an estimated $12.7 million in research and development (R&D) in 2005, equal to around 15 per cent of sales in 2005. The Portuguese company claimed to be the pharmaceutical producer with the highest R&D investment in Portugal.
International Presence.
Hovione has plants in the USA, Ireland, Portugal, Macao and China, R&D centers in USA, Portugal and Shanghai and Offices in Switzerland, Hong-Kong and India.
Strategy.
Hovione was always present in the pharmaceutical industry offering products and services related to the development and manufacture of either a new chemical entity (NCE) for an exclusive contract manufacturing partner or an existing API for an off-patent product. In nowadays it is an integrated solution provider, from process chemistry to particle engineering to formulation, from very small scale to full commercial capacity and from preclinical to market. In the area of technologies, it has capabilities on Spray drying (also for potent drugs), spray congealing, fluidized spray drying, aseptic spray drying, jet milling, controlled crystallization, microfluidization. And methodologies
Quality by Design, process analytical technology (PAT), britest, lean, scale-up science, modeling.

</doc>
<doc id="20643509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643509" title="ICstat">
ICstat

ICstat, "Centro per la Cooperazione Statistica Internazionale - Luigi Bodio" (International Cooperation Center for Statistics) is a non-profit association, based in Rome, created on April 1st, 1996. The Association promotes the international cooperation in the field of statistics, economics and law. ICstat co-ordinates technical assistance projects financed by international institutions (EC, World Bank, FAO, MAE etc.) and is particularly involved in several Transition and Developing Countries. The Association supports democratic governance, crisis prevention and recovery, human rights application and monitoring systems, post-conflict political elections and referendum. Moreover ICstat produces studies for scientific and policy purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20643568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643568" title="Saddlehorn Caretaker's House and Garage">
Saddlehorn Caretaker's House and Garage

The Saddlehorn Caretaker's House and Garage, also known as the Stone House, the Rock House and the Superintendent's Quarters is a house in Colorado National Monument. The National Park Service Rustic house was designed in 1934 by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and built in several phases by the Works Progress Administration and the Civilian Conservation Corps, using native red sandstone in a coursed ashlar pattern. Plans specified not only the general layout of the house and garage, but the specific dimensions of each stone and its location, using a technique of "built by detail". 
The house and the associated properties are located at the intersection of Rim Rock Drive and the Saddle horn Loop, named after a distinctive nearby rock formation. Design was executed by W.G. Carney of the western division of the Branch of Plans and Design. Construction was carried out by craftsmen, known as LEM's (Local Experienced Men), with suitable skills, reputedly stonemasons of Italian descent. Much of the material came from Rim Rock Drive construction.
The three Saddlehorn National Register properties were nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as a multiple property submission on the basis of their related design and history. The residence and garage were the first structures built in the area, by CCC camp NM-2-C. A planned park headquarters adjacent to the house was designed but never built.

</doc>
<doc id="20643602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643602" title="Veitshöchheim station">
Veitshöchheim station

Veitshöchheim station is a regional railway station in southern Germany. It is at kilometre marker 7.0 on the Main-Spessart Railway from Würzburg to Aschaffenburg. It was built during the construction of Ludwig's Western Railway, which was taken fully into service on 1 October 1854.
The station was built in the immediate vicinity of Schloss Veitshöchheim, a summer residenz initially of the prince bishops of Würzburg, later the kings of Bavaria, at Veitshöchheim near Würzburg. The castle is especially well known for its surrounding rococo garden.
In the 19th  century this park, which was then a public facility, was nearly destroyed by the construction of the railway. Engineers had planned to use the central avenue of the park for the trackbed of the railway. This idea was however vetoed by King Ludwig I, who ordered the line to be routed to the east around the castle gardens even though this was topographically less suited.
This was also where Veitshöchheim station came to be built. It was given a station building which was particularly representative of a spa town and which was to required to serve both as an excursion station for Würzburg's citizens visiting the park as well as acting as the station for the royal castle. The public station building was much larger than was warranted for Veitshöchheim which was only a village at the time. Next to this building a royal pavilion ("Königspavillon") was built directly on the main axis of the castle acting as a private railway station. This was connected to the station building by a covered hallway. The royal pavilion is used today by the municipal library and by Veitshöchheim's youth hostel.
Between 2004 and 2005 the platforms at the station underwent extensive modernisation. For a total of 3.2 million euros, two new prefabricated outer platforms were built, which were sited a platform length towards the direction of Würzburg. A new underpass was built to act as access for the platforms. The old home and intermediate platforms were removed following the completion of the new ones in July 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20643605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643605" title="Extraliga">
Extraliga

The Extraliga may refer to any of the top-division ice hockey leagues in former Czechoslovakia:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20643650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643650" title="Sonny Moore Power Ratings">
Sonny Moore Power Ratings

Sonny Moore's Power Ratings are a sports rating system devised in 1974.
This is a hobby that began so a comparison could be made of any two teams in a given sport, so as to get an indication on which team would win and by how many points if a game were played between them. It is a systematic ranking of all the teams in order from best to worst based on this comparison, as if all the teams were to play against one another. A team's power rating reflects how a team has performed from all the games played, not just one or two, taking into account wins and losses, the opposing teams' power ratings and the actual score difference of the games played. This explains why team A may have a higher power rating than team B, even though team B may have beaten team A or have a better won/lost record. The ratings are compiled by using only statistical and historical data. The most recent games played are more meaningful in compiling the ratings. Only games played against the teams in the ratings are used to formulate the power ratings. A diminishing returns principle is used to prevent higher rated teams from gaining power rating points and moving up in the rankings when the victory margin is being run up against a weaker team.

</doc>
<doc id="20643728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643728" title="Jeffrey Paul Smith">
Jeffrey Paul Smith

Jeffrey Paul Smith (born 1956) is an attorney, community organizer, and political activist from Illinois who is known for advocacy of progressive, reform, and independent causes.
In 1983-1984, at age 27, Smith served as Illinois state coordinator for George McGovern’s “elder statesman” presidential campaign. Two years later, he mounted a successful grassroots effort to unseat the Illinois Democratic Party chairman, Calvin Sutker, and was elected Democratic State Central Committeeman for the 9th Congressional District of Illinois, then represented in Congress by Sidney Yates.
In 2007, Smith and a group of Harvard Law School classmates garnered attention for public criticism of the actions of classmate, then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
Smith served as president of a large community organization in Evanston, Illinois, the Central Street Neighbors Association ("CSNA"). His analysis was credited with "playing a leading role" in the development of the Central Street Master Plan in 2007-08. Smith has been a proponent of green building and the principle that new construction should be sustainable as a matter of law.
Smith's essays and commentary appear frequently on the CSNA website, on the Chicago-area online magazine Gapers Block, and on Prairie State Blue, a progressive leaning Illinois blog. In the fall of 2008, especially following a column he published on municipal priorities, there was an effort to draft Smith to run for mayor of Evanston.
In 2010, Smith ran in the Democratic primary for representative of the 18th district of the Illinois General Assembly coming in fourth place.
In November, 2011, Smith filed to run for representative in the newly redistricted 17th district of the Illinois General Assembly after Rep. Daniel Biss (D-Evanston) announced he intended to run for Sen. Jeffrey Schoenberg's soon-to-be vacant state Senate seat. In January, 2012, Smith withdrew his candidacy, citing the unusually short schedule before the March 20 Illinois primary.

</doc>
<doc id="20643741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643741" title="Tanerau Latimer">
Tanerau Latimer

Tanerau Dylan Latimer (born 6 May 1985) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays for the Chiefs in Super Rugby and the Bay of Plenty in the Air New Zealand Cup.
Career.
Super Rugby.
Latimer made his Super Rugby debut for the Crusaders in 2006, before shifting to the Chiefs in 2007. In 2009 he started at openside flanker in the Chiefs loss to the Bulls in the final at Loftus Versfeld. In 2011 he played his 50th match for the Chiefs.
Sevens.
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games he was part of the New Zealand Sevens team that won a gold medal. He is New Zealand's youngest ever Sevens player, debuting at the age of 17 in 2004.
International.
He was selected for the 2009 Iveco series after an injury to Richie McCaw sidelined him for the Series. He has played in total five tests and one non-test match for the All Blacks. In 2010 he played for the then New Zealand Maori. In 2012 he was named as the teams captain, under the new team name, Maori All Blacks

</doc>
<doc id="20643802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643802" title="Liga Naţională (Handbal Feminin)">
Liga Naţională (Handbal Feminin)

The Liga Naţională is the top women's team handball league in Romania. It is organized by the Romanian Handball Federation. The league comprises eleven teams.
History.
The "Liga Naţională" was founded in 1933 (in 11 players) and in 1958 in the current format with 7 players. CS Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea is the most successful team in history with 19 titles.
Broadcasting rights.
The matches are broadcast by Digi Sport, Digi Sport 2 and Digi Sport 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20643804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643804" title="Farrell–Jones conjecture">
Farrell–Jones conjecture

In mathematics, the Farrell–Jones conjecture, named after F. Thomas Farrell (now at SUNY Binghamton) and Lowell Edwin Jones (now at SUNY Stony Brook) states that certain assembly maps are isomorphisms. These maps are given as certain homomorphisms.
The motivation is the interest in the target of the assembly maps; this may be, for instance, the algebraic K-theory of a group ring
or the L-theory of a group ring
where "G" is some group.
The sources of the assembly maps are equivariant homology theory evaluated on the classifying space of "G" with respect to the family of virtually cyclic subgroups of "G". So assuming the Farrell–Jones conjecture is true, it is possible to restrict computations to virtually cyclic subgroups to get information on complicated objects such as formula_1 or formula_2.
The Baum-Connes conjecture formulates a similar statement, for the topological K-theory of reduced group formula_5-algebras formula_6.
Formulation.
One can find for any ring formula_7 equivariant homology theories formula_8 satisfying
Here formula_10 denotes the group ring.
The K-theoretic Farrell–Jones conjecture for a group "G" states that the map formula_11 induces an isomorphism on homology
Here formula_13 denotes the classifying space of the group "G" with respect to the family of virtually cyclic subgroups, i.e. a "G"-CW-complex whose isotropy groups are virtually cyclic and for any virtually cyclic subgroup of "G" the fixed point set is contractible.
The L-theoretic Farrell–Jones conjecture is analogous.
Computational aspects.
The computation of the algebraic K-groups and the L-groups of a group ring formula_10 is motivated by obstructions living in those groups (see for example Wall's finiteness obstruction, surgery obstruction, Whitehead torsion). So suppose a group formula_15 satisfies the Farrell–Jones conjecture for algebraic K-theory. Suppose furthermore we have already found a model formula_16 for the classifying space for virtually cyclic subgroups:
Choose formula_15-pushouts and apply the Mayer-Vietoris sequence to them:
This sequence simplifies to:
This means that if any group satisfies a certain isomorphism conjecture one can compute its algebraic K-theory (L-theory) only by knowing the algebraic K-Theory (L-Theory) of virtually cyclic groups and by knowing a suitable model for formula_23.
Why the family of virtually cyclic subgroups ?
One might also try to take for example the family of finite subgroups into account. This family is much easier to handle. Consider the infinite cyclic group formula_24. A model for formula_25 is given by the real line formula_26, on which formula_27 acts freely by translations. Using the properties of equivariant K-theory we get
The Bass-Heller-Swan decomposition gives
Indeed one checks that the assembly map is given by the canonical inclusion.
So it is an isomorphism if and only if formula_31, which is the case if formula_10 is a regular ring. So in this case one can really use the family of finite subgroups. On the other hand this shows that the isomorphism conjecture for algebraic K-Theory and the family of finite subgroups is not true. One has to extend the conjecture to a larger family of subgroups which contains all the counterexamples. Currently no counterexamples for the Farrell–Jones conjecture are known. If there is a counterexample, one has to enlarge the family of subgroups to a larger family which contains that counterexample.
Inheritances of isomorphism conjectures.
The class of groups which satisfies the fibered Farrell–Jones conjecture contain the following groups
Furthermore the class has the following inheritance properties:
Meta-conjecture and fibered isomorphism conjectures.
Fix an equivariant homology theory formula_33. One could say, that a group " G" satisfies the isomorphism conjecture for a family of subgroupsformula_34, if and only if the map induced by the projection formula_35 induces an isomorphism on homology:
The group "G" satisfies the fibered isomorphism conjecture for the family of subgroups "F" if and only if for any group homomorphism formula_37 the group "H" satisfies the isomorphism conjecture for the family
One gets immediately that in this situation formula_39 also satisfies the fibered isomorphism conjecture for the family formula_40.
Transitivity principle.
The transitivity principle is a tool to change the family of subgroups to consider. Given two families formula_41 of subgroups of formula_42. Suppose every group formula_43 satisfies the (fibered) isomorphism conjecture with respect to the family formula_44.
Then the group formula_15 satisfies the fibered isomorphism conjecture with respect to the family formula_46 if and only if it satisfies the (fibered) isomorphism conjecture with respect to the family formula_47.
Isomorphism conjectures and group homomorphisms.
Given any group homomorphism formula_48 and suppose that "G"' satisfies the fibered isomorphism conjecture for a family "F" of subgroups. Then also "H"' satisfies the fibered isomorphism conjecture for the family formula_49. For example if formula_50 has finite kernel the family formula_51 agrees with the family of virtually cyclic subgroups of "H".
For suitable formula_52 one can use the transitivity principle to reduce the family again.
Connections to other conjectures.
Novikov conjecture.
There are also connections from the Farrell–Jones conjecture to the Novikov conjecture. It is known that if one of the following maps
is rationally injective then the Novikov-conjecture holds for formula_15. See for example.
Bost conjecture.
The Bost conjecture states that the assembly map
is an isomorphism. The ring homomorphism formula_57 induces maps in K-theory formula_58. Composing the upper assembly map with this homomorphism one gets exactly the assembly map occurring in the Baum-Connes conjecture.
Kaplansky conjecture.
The Kaplansky conjecture predicts that for an integral domain formula_10 and a torsionfree group formula_15 the only idempotents in formula_62. Each such idempotent formula_63 gives a projective formula_64 module by taking the image of the right multiplication with formula_63. Hence there seems to be a connection between the Kaplansky conjecture and the vanishing of formula_66. There are theorems relating the Kaplansky conjecture to the Farrell–Jones conjecture (compare ).

</doc>
<doc id="20643806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643806" title="Hoffman tunnel">
Hoffman tunnel

The Hoffman tunnel, or Hoffman drainage tunnel, was constructed to drain water from coal mines northwest of Clarysville in Allegany County, Maryland. The two mile long tunnel drains into the Braddock Run tributary of Georges Creek.
Tunnel construction.
The Hoffman Drainage tunnel was an engineering triumph of its age. Built in the period 1903 through 1906, it was hand-driven through solid rock for two miles to provide an outlet for water that was flooding the coal mines. Since the water had proven to be too much for the steam pumps, coal production was stagnating. After an engineering survey of the tunnel project by the Consolidation Coal Company, a contract was let to Mr. Phillip Jenkins, Sr. of Wales. Work was begun from both ends in November 1903 by Jenkins’ four sons, William, Edward, James, and Phillip, Jr.
The Jenkins crew were familiar with hard rock mining from their native Wales, but this work was different from coal mining. To speed progress, a shaft was sunk 181 feet deep inside Hoffman Mine number 3. From the bottom, the men dug in both directions, giving four working faces, including the exit portals.
The tunnel proceeds in a straight line, except for an 18 degree turn located some 400 feet from the east (exit) portal. The tunnel is a uniform 8 feet in height and width, and follows a downgrade of some 1/3 percent. This put the exit 40 feet lower than the drainage area in the mine, which was more than sufficient for adequate flow. The excavation work proceeded in three shifts per day, involving blasting through hard rock. Working conditions were described as “wretched” due to cold water seepage. The men worked in rubber waders. A pump was added near the exit at the horseshoe curve of the Eckhart Branch of the Cumberland and Pennsylvania Railroad (C&P), to help control the flow. The miners used lard oil lamps for illumination. Drilling for the blasts was done by hand, with a three-man crew. The excavated rock was removed through Hoffman number 3 mine, and dumped on the slate banks.
Later, a mule was lowered into the central shaft, and served there as a draft animal for six months. William Jenkins was in charge of the dynamite and his brother James supervised the digging. They stayed resided at the nearby Clarysville Inn while the work was under way. During the dig, there were only two accidents, and only one man died. The project cost $300,000.
The tunnel was punched through on Saturday, July 21, 1906 at 9 pm. It was found to be off by less than three inches. The Frostburg Mining Journal of September 15, 1906, proclaimed, “The Great Work Complete.” Inside the mines, the pumps were silenced, and gravity took over to lower the water level. It is estimated that 9,000,000 gallons of water were drained in 24 hours.
Mining operations.
The impact on the coal workings was immediate. A tremendous amount of coal, previously inaccessible, was now available, and over 50 additional men were employed to work the coal. In addition, working conditions in the mines improved. Thirteen miles of mine drainage ditches fed the tunnel. Observers noted in the Cumberland News of 1906 that the volume of water carried by Braddock Run was ten times greater after the tunnel had been operating for two months. The draining water's red coloration and odor of sulfur was noted as far downstream as Wills Creek in the Narrows.
Maintenance continued until about 1953 and the mines closed around 1960. As of February 2000, the concrete portal arch at the east or drainage end was still standing. The overburden upstream for some 30 meters is gone, and some timbering can be seen in the stream bed. The water seems to emerge upward from the end of a blind canyon and flows through the arch. The inscription on the arch can still be clearly read: “1903-1906, Hoffman Drainage Tunnel, Length 2 miles.”
Aftermath.
The east end of the tunnel with its associated concrete arch is located next to one of the bridge abutments that carried the C&P horseshoe curve over the creek at that point. Tunnels such as the Hoffman Drainage Tunnel have been a cause of acid mine drainage. The water flow in February 2000 was quite brisk, with no obvious smell of sulfur, but with a decided red tinge to the water.
External links.
Photograph of eastern portal of tunnel, 1906 

</doc>
<doc id="20643809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643809" title="Lee McAllister">
Lee McAllister

"The Aberdeen Assassin" Lee McAllister (born 5 October 1982 in Aberdeen, Scotland) is a professional boxer who currently holds the Commonwealth light-welterweight championship. He is a former IBO International light-welterweight champion, former lightweight Commonwealth champion, lightweight and light-welterweight champion of the lightly regarded World Boxing Union and a former International WBF lightweight champion.
Professional Boxing Career.
Early career.
In September 2003, McAllister gained a points win over Jeff Thomas for the British Masters light-welterweight title. The judges scored it by a margin 95-97.
McAllister later captured the vacant Scottish Area title at the Beach Ballroom, Aberdeen on 27 June 2006, with a stoppage victory over Stuart Green in the 8th round. This was followed up with two decisive points wins at the same venue, the latter a 100-91 victory against former Ghanaian super-featherweight champ Ben Odamattey, for the vacant WBF International lightweight title.
WBU titles.
Lee McAllister gained his first world championship on 6 October 2007, when he fought former super-featherweight Commonwealth Champion "Hot Property" Craig Docherty for the second-tier, lightly regarded WBU Lightweight title at the Beach Ballroom, Aberdeen. McAllister won the clash when Docherty's corner threw the towel in half way through the ninth round. It seems Docherty suffered a potential perforated eardrum early in the fight. He gained his second WBU title at the Aberdeen Exhibition centre on 29 March 2008, when he defeated Mihaita Mutu for the vacant light-welterweight title.
Route to Major Title.
When McAllister vacated his WBU titles and proceeded to sign with Glasgow-based promoter Tommy Gilmour, he was named number one contender to undefeated lightweight prospect John Murray for the British lightweight title. On 17 January at the Robin Park Centre in Wigan, England, Murray stopped McAllister in the 8th round.
After his loss to John Murray, promoter Tommy Gilmour, lined up some top European talent for Lee to fight. McAllister defeated light welterweight French contender Abdoulaye Soukouna in a 79-73 points victory at the Beach Ballroom, Aberdeen on 14 March, hoping to earn another shot at a major title.
Commonwealth Title.
Lee McAllister gained the chance to fight for the Commonwealth lightweight title left vacant by Amir Khan. Lee took on Ghana's champion Godfred Sowah (11-3) on 19 June, at the Aberdeen Beach Ballroom. Sowah was the mandatory challenger for the title before it was vacated and had the power to choose any opponent he wished. Tommy Gilmour was quick to make the fight happen and revealed "We've paid an awful lot of money for the fight, much more than we would like to have paid."
The event was touted as Aberdeen's biggest ever for boxing, but was not broadcast live on television because Gilmour had to take whatever venue was available to him and ignore Sky's scheduling in order to receive Commonwealth Boxing Council approval for the clash to go ahead.
McAllister acquired the Commonwealth lightweight title after stopping Godfred Sowah 1 minute, 43 seconds into the third round in front of a delighted home crowd. Despite talk of a £100,000 showdown with fellow Scot Gary McArthur, McAllister has said he is looking to set his sights on Frenchman Anthony Mazaache for a shot at the EBU (European) title before going for the lucrative domestic bout.
Next up, in a bout held on 17 November 2009, broadcast live from the Beach Ballroom online on 110Sport.tv, McAllister took out Scottish champ Charlie King by KO in the 7th round in his second defense of the Commonwealth title.
McAllister's final defense of his Commonwealth title was a lacklustre unanimous decision victory over Ghana's Sam Amoako at the Bellahouston Leisure Centre, Glasgow. The bout was televised on Sky, and McAllister apologised to the TV viewers and fans watching for his poor showing.
"On behalf of the paying public and the viewers at home, I would like to apologise for my performance on Friday night," he said.
"The Aberdeen Assassin wasn't at his best. That was not five per cent of Lee McAllister, I was very disappointed.".
Moving up to Light-welterweight.
After being out for more than a year due to injury, McAllister announced his comeback - an IBO International light welterweight title bout, against Itsvan Nagy (15-8). On 26 February, Nagy was TKOed by McAllister in the 6th round.
His next bout gave him an opportunity to make Scottish boxing history and be the first man to hold two Commonwealth titles simultaneously when he took on journeyman Isaac Quartey (7-6) of Ghana for the vacant light-welterweight strap. he won by UD. His next bout was against journeyman Karoly Lakatos, who was stopped in the third round. His sights were then set on Denis Shafikov, the EBU title holder. In front of a sold out crowd at the Aberdeen Exhibition Centre, live on Sky Sports, he lost his European title challenge. He retired on his stool after seventh round citing a "hand injury", but his woeful display and decision to quit left manager Tommy Gilmour admitting he's washed up, and promoter Frank Maloney claiming McAllister may never fight on Sky again.
McAllister recently vacated the Commonwealth light-welterweight title. But he will face the winner of Willie Limond v Eddie Doyle in a bid to regain the belt in March 2013.
Personal life.
He is a fan of Aberdeen Football Club, proudly wears Aberdeen's colours of red and white and has often dyed his hair red to match the colours of the club. He married in 2006 to fiancee Christine Neville in June, 2006. They had their first child together, Liyah, in August 2006. After having their second child, Lexiy. Lee and Christine subsequently split up after personal issues arose. Lee has since Engaged to Danielle Stephen.

</doc>
<doc id="20643827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643827" title="RIFA (manufacturer)">
RIFA (manufacturer)

RIFA is an electronics manufacturer which was established in 1942 and originally manufactured resistors and capacitors. RIFA manufactured parts for the Swedish radio industry during World War II. In 1947, it became incorporated in Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson and became Ericsson Components in 1988 and then Ericsson Microelectronics in 2000. The company made hybrid components for telephone exchanges for the joint venture company Ellemtel between Ericsson and Televerket. 

</doc>
<doc id="20643846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643846" title="Ayano Ahane">
Ayano Ahane

Ayano Ahane (亜波根綾乃, Ahane Ayano (born January 6, 1981 in Okinawa, Japan) is a Japanese singer and songwriter who was active in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20643869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643869" title="The Lie (Lost)">
The Lie (Lost)

"The Lie" is the second episode of the fifth season of ABC's science fiction drama television series "Lost". The 88th episode of the show overall, "The Lie" aired on January 21, 2009 on ABC in the United States, being simulcast on A in Canada. It aired immediately after the previous episode, "Because You Left" and a clip-show that recapped the first four seasons. "The Lie" was written by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz, who were named executive producers prior to the start of production on season five; and directed by executive producer Jack Bender.
In 2007, Hugo "Hurley" Reyes has trouble concealing the lie of the Oceanic 6. Kate Austen meets Sun-Hwa Kwon. At the island, the survivors come under attack by a large unseen force. The episode received mainly positive reviews from critics, with IGN giving the episode 7.8 out of 10, and The AV Club awarded it a B+.
Plot.
On the island, the remaining survivors are back in the past, attempting to start a fire, when they are attacked by a barrage of flaming arrows. Some of the survivors are able to escape, but Neil "Frogurt" and a few others are killed, and James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway) and Juliet Burke (Elizabeth Mitchell) are separated from the group. Lost in the jungle, they are captured by a group of armed military men who demand to know who they are, asserting that the island is theirs. The men are about to cut off Juliet's hand to extract information, when John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) ambushes them, helping Sawyer and Juliet free themselves.
In 2007, following the events of "Because You Left", Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) and Ben Linus (Michael Emerson) part ways, with Ben taking Locke's body to a butcher for safekeeping. Ben tells Jack to collect any personal items he really wants and meet up with him in six hours. Meanwhile, Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly) and Aaron Littleton, her adoptive son, have fled their home to escape lawyers demanding a maternity test. They meet up with Sun-Hwa Kwon (Yunjin Kim) at a hotel, who implies that Kate should take whatever measures are necessary to protect Aaron. Sun forgives Kate for leaving her husband, Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim), on the freighter when it exploded (as seen in "There's No Place Like Home").
Meanwhile, Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia) and Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews) are on the run after they are attacked at their safehouse; Hurley drives the unconscious Sayid, who has been hit by two drugged darts, to his parents' house. On the way, Hurley is pulled over by deceased Oceanic Flight 815 survivor and former police officer Ana Lucia Cortez (Michelle Rodriguez), who gives him advice on how to avoid the real cops. Upon arriving home, Hurley's dad, David, covers for them when the police show up and suggests that Hurley take Sayid to the hospital. Hurley refuses, and David ends up taking Sayid to Jack, who is successful in reviving him. At home, Hurley confesses to his mother Carmen that the Oceanic Six have been lying; she believes him, though doesn't understand his disjointed story. Later, Ben unexpectedly shows up at the house and tries to convince Hurley to go with him to meet up with the rest of the Oceanic Six, saying they all want the same thing—to go back to the island. Hurley wavers for a moment, then runs outside and turns himself in to police watching the house, having been advised by Sayid to do the opposite of whatever Ben asks. Later, Ben visits Ms. Hawking, who tells him she has found the island and that Ben only has seventy hours to return with the Oceanic Six.
Production.
"The Lie" was written by Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz, who were named executive producers prior to the start of production on season five; and directed by executive producer Jack Bender. 
When handing out scripts for the attack on the beach, Bender told the crew he and others "wanted this to be really big and really dramatic". They used arrows on wires to simulate hitting the fleeing victims, which included Neil Frogurt (Sean Whalen). A stunt double, Kim Koscki, was hired for the scene to stand in for Whalen; he applied anti-burn cream over his face and body for protection, and crew members waited nearby to quickly extinguish the flames once a scene was finished shooting. Due to the abundance of wires, the actors had to be careful when running, or risk tripping over them.
"The Lie" features the first appearance of main cast member Michelle Rodriguez since the second season episode "?". Rodriguez's character, Ana Lucia Cortez, was written to have a one season arc and was subsequently killed off at the end of the second season of "Lost". Dressed as a police officer, Ana Lucia's "ghost" appears in "The Lie", telling Hurley to "stay away from the cops". The scene makes use of Cheap Trick's song "Dream Police".
Reception.
"Because You Left" and "The Lie" were uploaded to ABC's Medianet website on December 29, 2008 to be viewed by members of the press for advance reviews attached to limited confidentiality agreements. Matt Mitovich of "TV Guide" stated that "first hour is the stronger of the two", and that the "showstopper [is one of "Lost"'s most electric and intense action scenes "ever"." "The Lie" aired on January 21, 2009 on ABC in the United States, being simulcast on A in Canada. "The Lie", as well as the previous episode, "Because You Left" was viewed by 11.347 million in the US, and by 1.195 million in the UK. In Australia, the episode was aired separately to "Because You Left" and brought in 516,000 viewers.
IGN gave the episode a "Good" rating of 7.8 out of 10 and summarized the episode as being "a much more focused story than 'Because You Left' but in the shadow of the season premiere's revelations and grandeur it is ultimately the weaker of the two. The comedic moments that string together Hurley's journey only go so far and the rest feels a bit too much like filler... If the conclusion of 'The Lie' is any indication though, the outside world may prove to be just as strange as the island." IGN later ranked "The Lie" 84th out of the 115 "Lost" episodes, writing "this isn't a terrible episode, but it feels like a bit of a stop-gap, in the midst of a very cool run of episodes. On the Island, we do get to see a pretty cool looking Flaming Arrow attack, that kills the uber-annoying Frogurt, but the encounter the group has at the end with some men dressed as soldiers is just set up for the awesome "Jughead."
On a similar list, the "Los Angeles Times" ranked it at number 69, explaining "this isn't a bad episode. Like most Hurley episodes, it features a lot of very sweet, funny material. But it is a bit of a time killer between two really fantastic hours." The AV Club gave the episode a B+ rating and stated that "it's enough for me. I don't know about you, but I'm ready to get "Lost" again."

</doc>
<doc id="20643921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643921" title="International Association for Bridge and Structural Engineering">
International Association for Bridge and Structural Engineering

The International Association for Bridge and Structural Engineering (IABSE) is a non-profit organisation with mission to promote the exchange of knowledge and to advance the practice of structural engineering worldwide in the service of the profession and society, taking into consideration technical, economic, environmental, aesthetic and social aspects. IABSE deals all kinds of structures composed of any kind of material, all phases of the construction process, as well as education and research.
The Association’s name in French is "Association Internationale des Ponts et Charpentes (AIPC)" and in German "Internationale Vereinigung für Brückenbau und Hochbau (IVBH)“. It was founded in 1929 and has its seat in Zurich.
IABSE publishes the quarterly Journal Structural Engineering International SEI, available online via Ingenta.
Awards.
The Outstanding Structure Award has been presented annually since 2000. It "recognises the most remarkable, innovative, creative, or otherwise stimulating structures completed within the last few years". As a project award, it recognizes the team effort of the engineer, the architect, the contractor, and the owner involved in completion of the project.
The Anton Tedesko Medal is awarded by the (IABSE) Foundation to honour a Laureate and support a Fellow of the Association for study leave for a promising young engineer to gain practical experience in a prestigious engineering firm, outside his/her home country.

</doc>
<doc id="20643929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643929" title="Gary Bennett (footballer born 1970)">
Gary Bennett (footballer born 1970)

Gary Bennett (born 13 November 1970) is a former English professional footballer. A prolific striker, he holds goalscoring records at two of his former clubs.
Career.
Born in Enfield, Bennett was in the youth system at Tottenham Hotspur, but began his senior career at Colchester United, for whom he played in the FA Trophy final in 1992. In 1994 he left Colchester to join Woking, and during the 1990s also played for Dagenham & Redbridge and Braintree Town, for whom he scored a record 57 goals in one season. In the 2000s he had two spells with A.F.C. Sudbury, playing 253 games and scoring 172 goals, and remains the club's all-time top scorer. He also played for Chelmsford City (who paid £3,000 to sign him from Sudbury in 2000), Witham Town, Ipswich Wanderers (where he was player/assistant manager) and Tiptree United. After playing a solitary match for Tiptree, Bennett stopped playing football and currently works as a postman.

</doc>
<doc id="20643934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643934" title="Child Development Index">
Child Development Index

The Child Development Index (CDI) is an index combining performance measures specific to children - education, health and nutrition - to produce a score on a scale of 0 to 100. A zero score would be the best. The higher the score, the worse children are faring.
The Child Development Index was developed by Save the Children UK in 2008 through the contributions of Terry McKinley, Director of the Centre for Development Policy and Research at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London, with support from Katerina Kyrili.
The indicators which make up the index were chosen because they are easily available, commonly understood, and clearly indicative of child wellbeing. The three indicators are:
What does the Child Development Index tell us about how children are faring around the world?
Are some countries making good progress in improving child well-being? Is it getting worse in other countries? The Child Development Index answers these questions. The index measures child well-being over three periods from 1990. Japan is in first place, scoring just 0.4. Niger in Africa is in 137th place, with the highest score, 58, in 2000-2006.
Overall, child well-being has improved by 34% since 1990, but progress is slow.
Analysis of results.
Children are doing worse in Sub-Saharan Africa than any other region. Africa scores 35 in the Index, reflecting the high level of deprivation in primary schooling, child health and child nutrition. It is also making the slowest progress, improving child well-being by only 20% over 1990-2006.
However, progress has been very mixed; some countries in Africa have done incredibly well, while others did spectacularly badly. Countries like Malawi cut child deprivation in half, enrolling more than 90% of primary school children. But some of the poorest children in Africa live in countries suffering from conflict and poor governance; such as Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Slow progress in reducing child mortality and malnutrition is a particular problem; one in six babies born in Africa will not live to see their fifth birthday. Rich and poor countries worldwide must urgently choose to tackle this problem.
East Asia has made considerable progress in child well-being in recent years, improving it by 45% over 1990-2006, reducing deprivation to a score of just 8.5; only one other developing region, Latin America, scores better. It has the best level of primary school enrolment and has managed to halve its child mortality rate over 1990-2006. Much of this progress is because of China's significant improvement, where almost two-thirds of the region’s children live. China has made tremendous progress in increasing people's incomes; nonetheless 417,000 children under the age of 5 years still died in China in 2006 alone. Countries like Malaysia and Thailand did even better in all 3 of the areas the CDI measures. But, as in other regions of the world, government policy plays an important role in children's lives. For example, Myanmar saw almost no improvement at all. And in many countries, the poorest, most isolated groups are being left behind.
South Asia has a high level of deprivation, scoring 26.4; this is 3 times worse than East Asia. It is also making slow progress, improving child well-being by just 32% over 1990-2006 (compared to East Asia's 45% improvement). This is because India (where almost three-quarters of the region's children live) made the least progress of any country in South Asia; just a 27% improvement. In this region, child nutrition is a substantial obstacle; almost 1 in 2 children is underweight. The region's enrolment indicator improved by 59% while its nutrition indicator improved by only 14%. Higher levels of economic growth in the region are not widely translating into reduced child deprivation.
The Latin America and the Caribbean region made substantial progress in improving child well-being in the 1990s, scoring 6.8 in our index of child deprivation, the lowest of any developing country region. It made the most percentage improvement of any region in the world, reducing child deprivation by 57% over the period, 1990-2006. This improvement was largely driven by reductions in child mortality and increases in primary school enrolment. The region's child mortality rate is now the lowest of any developing region. The region's poorer countries, like Peru and El Salvador, have started to catch-up with the levels of child well-being seen in better-off countries in the region.
The Middle East and North Africa region scores 11.2 in our index, worse than East Asia but only a third as bad as Sub-Saharan Africa, and has reduced its level of child deprivation by 41% over 1990-06. However, there is considerable variation within the region. Yemen is doing poorly, with a large increase in malnutrition over the period. And in several countries, such as Djibouti and Jordan, progress has stalled in some areas. In addition, the region includes Iraq, Lebanon, and the occupied Palestinian territory where child deprivation has increased. In contrast, several large countries such as Morocco, Egypt and Algeria have made substantial improvements. Again, little improvement has been made in reducing child malnutrition in the region as a whole.
The region containing Central and Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States, for which data are much sparser in the early 1990s, saw an improvement of almost 15% in its index score between 1995–99 and 2000-06. Its score stands at 9.2, slightly worse than East Asia and slightly better than the Middle East and North Africa. Turkey, with a large child population, made the most progress in the region, reducing its score from 20 in the early 1990s to 7 for 2000-06.
The Child Development Index shows that there is a low level of deprivation in developed countries in the three basic areas of child rights that it measures. On a scale of 0-100, these countries score 2.1, the lowest regional Index score worldwide. There is still some variation between these countries however; for example the United States has a child mortality rate that is twice of Japan's and worse even than that of Cuba's.
2008 CDI Report.
The report was launched in London on December 10, 2008. Its focus was on "Holding governments to account for children's wellbeing". The paper was written by Sarah Hague at Save the Children UK, with support from Sophie Elmhirst and David Mepham.
In headline terms, the report shows that:
Criticisms.
In a note on the index, Achim Wolf, a student at the University of York, observed that the CDI is obtained by "averaging" the three variables on health, education and nutrition. This method of aggregation "presupposes that these variables can be compared with one another", which is however not the case. Indeed, the three units are on different scales and have different ranges, making this method hard to justify in this case. He goes on to offer an alternative index using more established methods and finds that while, in general, the results do not vary considerably, some countries shift by up to 18 places in the ranking. The paper was mentioned in the International Society for Child Indicators' Newsletter of May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20643940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643940" title="Onosai Tololima-Auva'a">
Onosai Tololima-Auva'a

Onosai Auva'a (born 7 February 1985 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who has played for the Auckland Blues Super Rugby team and also for Auckland in the ITM Cup. Auva'a has signed for Sale Sharks on a two month loan contract lasting until February 2012, but an outstanding performance against Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership would appear to further Auva'a's aim of a long-term contract with the Sharks.
Career.
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games he was part of the New Zealand Sevens team that won a gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20643986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643986" title="Margaret of Brittany">
Margaret of Brittany

Margaret of Brittany (in Breton Marc'harid Breizh, in French Marguerite de Bretagne) (c. 1443 – 25 September 1469) was the elder of the two daughters of Francis I, Duke of Brittany (died 1450), by his second wife, Isabella of Scotland, and hence granddaughter of James I of Scotland.
Since the Breton War of Succession, Brittany had been understood to operate according to semi-Salic Law–women could only inherit if the male line had died out. As expected from the provision of the Treaty of Guérande, which ended the war, neither Margaret nor her younger sister, Marie, were recognized as heirs of the duchy. After her father's death, her uncle Peter II succeeded as Duke of Brittany. He was also childless and to avoid any subsequent dispute, he arranged the marriage of Margaret to Francis of Étampes, the second in the order of succession and the last male left of the Breton House of Montfort, and the younger Marie to John II, Viscount of Rohan, the most powerful noble in Brittany.
In 13 or 16 November 1455, she was married to her cousin Francis of Étampes at the Château de l'Hermine, Vannes. She became Duchess of Brittany upon his accession as Francis II, Duke of Brittany in 1458. Their only son John, Count of Montfort, died at a young age. 
Margaret died, September 25, 1469, in Nantes. She was buried in the Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul, Nantes, in the tomb constructed for her and her husband and later his second wife, Margaret of Foix.

</doc>
<doc id="20643997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643997" title="Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1975">
Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1975

The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 1975 took place on 15 June 1975.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party, with almost two times the votes of Christian Democracy. After the election Guido Fanti, the incumbent Communist President of the Region, formed a new government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party. In 1976 Fanti was replaced by Sergio Cavina, to whom Lanfranco Turci succeeded in 1978.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20643999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20643999" title="Pi Kappa Sigma">
Pi Kappa Sigma

Pi Kappa Sigma was a national collegiate sorority operating in the United States from November 17, 1894 until it was absorbed by Sigma Kappa in 1959. "Pi Kap" was the first pedagogical sorority.
Beginnings.
On November 17, 1894, in Ypsilanti, Michigan, nine female student from Michigan State Normal School formed a secret club called J.P.N. In a nod to the fashion of the day, the letters of this club stood for "Jolly Petticoats Nine". Other J.P.N. members recall the secret meaning as "Just Progressive Normalites". For three years, J.P.N. grew as a Latin-lettered club. In 1896, membership was thirteen. 
In 1897, Alice Eddy Snowden assisted the J.P.N.s in transforming themselves to a Greek - lettered organization. After careful consideration of Greek syntax and semantics, Pi Kappa Sigma was chosen as the name. 
Pi Kappa Sigma planted chapters at different campuses throughout the United States. In 1915, the sorority worked to become national. The first national convention was held. There, goals for increasing membership and chartered chapters were established. A new membership pin was designed. The constitution was revised. Authorization for a publication (the Laurel) was given. 
Pi Kappa Sigma's status as a "pedagogical sorority" prevented it from being admitted into the National Panhellenic Conference.
Joining the Association of Education Sororities.
In 1917, two members of the Association for Pedagogical Sororities (A.P.S.), Sigma Sigma Sigma and Alpha Sigma Alpha, invited Pi Kap to join their association. Pi Kap accepted, and was soon joined by Delta Sigma Epsilon. At the third national convention of A.P.S., the sororities changed A.P.S. to Association of Education Sororities (A.E.S.) Over the next decade, Theta Sigma Upsilon, Alpha Sigma Tau, and Pi Delta Theta became A.E.S. members. 
Becoming an NPC Sorority.
In November 1947, the NPC invited Pi Kappa Sigma and her A.E.S. peers into "associate membership with reservations". (The A.E.S. immediately dissolved.) In June of the following year, those reservations were removed. The A.E.S. sororities were now full associate members of the National Panhellenic Conference. Pi Kappa Sigma, in the 1949 publication, was hoping to become full members by 1951. 
There were two problems for Pi Kappa Sigma and the NPC. First, many Pi Kaps also held membership in NPC groups, having joined before 1947. These sisters were forced to choose between Pi Kap and their NPC. Pi Kap, like all sororities, suffered losses. 
The second problem was the chartering of chapters at "unqualified institutions". Pi Kap had to withdraw such chapters from the roll until the institutions could attain the proper accreditation. Again, Pi Kap lost members. 
The history book (1949) included total membership records post- NPC affiliation. The "grand total membership" was 9,241 sisters. There were 32 active chapters and 15 inactive.
Sigma Kappa.
Pi Kappa Sigma remained an NPC affiliated sorority for only ten more years. In 1959, it was absorbed by Sigma Kappa (Baird's, 1991).
Insignia.
The first badge was a shield design with "thirteen turquoise set in laurel leaves surrounding Pi Kappa Sigma" (Seaton p. 3).
At the first convention, a new badge was designed. The younger Pi Kaps wanted "one with a more definite shield patterns and something symbolic of secrecy". The sisters claimed that since other sororities had pins symbolizing secrets, so should the Pi Kappa Sigmas (Seaton, p. 419).
The second badge was a "modified triangular shield with a narrow gold bevel surrounding a field of black enamel. At the top is a small diamond surrounded by thirteen points of gold. Across the center of the field are the Greek letters Pi Kappa Sigma in gold, and beneath them a Greek lamp in gold" (Seaton, p. 420).
The pledge pin was a "triangle slightly modified; upper part is of turquoise- blue enamel with the letters Pi Kappa Sigma in gold" (Seaton, p. 420)
The coat-of-arms was authorized by the Grand Chapter in 1927 and is described as a "qaurtered shield shaped like the pin. Upper dexter quarter is a Greek lamp; in the lower sinister quarter, a give point star with a Phi at is center; at the point of interest, overlapping the quarters is an open book. The crest is an effulgent star of thirteen points reasting upon a wreath. Beneath the shield are two crossed lauren branches; below them is a scroll with Pi Kappa Sigma in Greek letters" (Seaton, p. 420).
Traditions.
The first initiation ritual was that of J.P.N. In October 1902, there was a new initiation and pledge rituals recorded by hand. These rituals were "very similar" to what the sorority was using in 1949. Minor changes in phrasing and a few additions were done in later years (Seaton, p. 402).
Pledge ribbons were given to new members before the official pledging ceremony 
(Seaton, p. 402).
Founder's Day Prayer.
Written by Ruth S. Neidig, Grand President 
Our heavenly Father, we thank thee for the joy of this day. We lift our voices in praise and thanksgiving for the blessings and comforts which come to us through our founders. We thank thee for all the tender mercies of the past and the great hopes that lead us into the future. We pray to fix in all our hearts the bright resolves to live nobly, truly, simply, and in the real spirit of Pi Kappa Sigma. May we, as loving children, remember that we are in the springtime of life. Help us to seize and improve every opportunity for the cultivation of our minds, the foundation of habits the preparation for future usefulness and gaining good. Lord, be near all on this day, and when we come together again, with thy help, O Lord, may we be better able to help each other and live that we may not forget the purpose for which we were founded and the all embracing love enclosed in the everlasting chain of friendship for Pi Kappa Sigma. We ask all these things in Jesus' Name. Amen. (Seaton, p. 44)
An Ideal of Pi Kappa Sigma.
Pledges herself to service of all on campus within the limits of her capacity.
In at home in the universe because in giving self she finds herself. 
Keeps her sense of values, especially in emergencies. 
Appreciates the contributions of townspeople,faculty, and students. 
Promises to do only what she can see through to a finish. 
Praises rather than blames the efforts of others. 
Adjusts to situations where the good of her group surpasses her own personal opinion. 
Stands by her ideals of Christian living. 
Ignores gossip and fault finding. 
Grows in poise and confidence. 
Matures in her relationships with people. 
Adds to life because of her humor, buoyancy, and wholesomeness. 
-Virginia Wielandy, Faculty Advisor Alpha Chapter 

</doc>
<doc id="20644000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644000" title="People's Planning in Kerala">
People's Planning in Kerala

People's Plan Campaign, held in 1996 in Kerala State, was a remarkable experiment in decentralisation of powers to local governments with focus on local planning. Kerala State lying in the south-west part of India, is considered a fertile land for decentralization. In India's Ninth Five-Year Plan, each state within the national federation was expected to draws up its own annual plan and the Peoples Plan was an off-shoot of it.
In the beginning of the ninth plan, the Government of Kerala took a bold decision to devolve 35% of the state development budget down from a centralized bureaucracy to local governments where local people could determine and implement their own development priorities under the People’s Plan Campaign (PPC).
Decentralization is, basically, the process of devolving the functions and resources of the State from the centre to the elected governments at the lower levels so as to facilitate greater direct participation by the citizens in governance. Peoples Planning is an attempt in this direction.
The historical context.
The Government of India amended its Constitution in 1993 to have a third tier of governance which paved way for passing conformity legislation in all the States including Kerala. The Congress-led government, which was in rule in the State, came up with two bills - Kerala Panchayat Raj Bill and Kerala Municipality Bill - for conformity legislation. In the ensuing public debate, pro-decentralization thinkers and leaders from all political parties including the Indian National Congress, lobbied for introducing amendments for a better legislation on decentralization. Intellectuals and non-governmental organisations took the lead in organising public opinion. Finally, an amended version of the bills were passed in the legislative assembly.
Later,elections to the local governments were conducted by the Congress led government under the Chief Ministership of A.K. Antony. Sixty percentage of the local governments were won by the then opposition Left Democratic Front (LDF) candidates while the remaining 40% went to the United Democratic Front (UDF) candidates.
New Government in power.
In 1996 on assuming power, the ruling left democratic party took the agenda of decentralization as the first priority item. The Government of Kerala decided to devolve 33% of the plan budget of the state for preparation of development projects formulated by the local governments at the village, block and district levels. People’s needs were assessed through meetings of the grama sabhas (lowest village consistency) with the village panchayat making it into a plan, coordinated and vetted at the block level and approved at the district level by a District Planning Committee constituted to assist the panchayats. This was the ‘People’s Campaign for Ninth Plan’, popularly known as ‘People’s Planning’ (Janakeeya Aasoothranam).There was much euphoria and expectation.
Modality of the Campaign.
A high power guidance council was created with E.M.S. Namboodiripad as the Chairman, the incumbent and former chief ministers and the leaders of the opposition as Vice-chairmen, and a few persons of eminence as members with a view to have political consensus. The Kerala State Planning Board, hitherto an expert advisory body, suddenly acquired a political profile as the key manager of the Campaign. The board was reconstituted with party-political nominations that included two state-level party functionaries of the CPM. It was designated as the coordinating agency for all the programmes under ‘People’s Planning’. The board chalked out a five-phase program of activities, and went ahead with a high-speed mode of functioning unheard of in government organisations. A special decentralization cell was created to cope with the challenges of this new task. Many of the personnel in this cell were drawn from voluntary organisations with a track record of selfless work.
Stages in People's Planning.
Need identification, situation analysis, strategy setting, projectisation, plan finalisation, plan vetting and plan approval were the stages in peoples planning.
In the first phase, Gram Sabhas(village constituencies) were convened and people at the local level were mobilised to assess felt needs.
In the second phase,development seminars were held in every village panchayat, followed by formation of ‘task forces’ for the preparation of development projects. 12,000 task forces were formed that worked out to around 12 task forces per village panchayat. Close to 120,000 people participated in these task forces.
In the third phase, development projects were prepared according to a format suggested by the Kerala State Planning Board, giving details such as the nature of activities envisaged and financial and organisational aspects. Despite such quantitative achievements, a review by the state planning board showed that ‘the task forces' did not function as effectively as was expected. The main weakness was that adequate number of experts could not be attracted to the task forces. The participation of officials was also far from satisfactory. The training given to the task force members was also inadequate. An interim review of the projects prepared revealed numerous weaknesses, particularly with respect to technical details and financial analysis. Accordingly, a number of rectification measures like project clinics, reorientation conferences, etc. were organised. All these created unforeseen delays in the final plan preparation’
By the time the fourth phase started, the financial year 1996-97 was over. This phase, from March to May 1997, was expected to prepare five year plans for the panchayats based on their development projects. This was no easy task since it involved prioritising projects, assessing resources and institutional capacity, weaving the plan into the development strategy of the state, coordinating it with other village panchayats within the block (intermediary tier) and district level developmental framework and spelling out mechanisms for supervision and monitoring.
The fifth and final phase was meant for the preparation of annual plans for block and district panchayats by integrating the lower level plans and, presumably, to developing their own plans that would be complementary to the village panchayat plans. Due to the delays and inadequacies in the preparation of village panchayat plans, this exercise could not be undertaken. To quote the Kerala State Planning Board, the lead agency: ‘As a result, there were many instances of duplication of planning activities and also critical gaps between the various tiers’. Even when projects and plans were available, it was realised that most of them had to be examined closely for their ‘technical soundness and viability.’ This led to another phase leading to the formation of expert committees and project appraisal teams to scrutinise and approve the projects and plans.
Difficulties in implementation.
But the panchayats could not spend more than 10% of the earmarked funds at the end of the first year of people’s planning, i.e. by March 1997. The government initially extended the expenditure period by three months; when this was found inadequate the period was extended up to 31 March 1999, i.e. an extension of two years, understandable given the massive exercise based on a ‘campaigning’ mode.
During the second year too, the panchayats could not spend more than 10% of the earmarked funds of around Rs750 crore1 and the period of expenditure was extended by another three months to the end of June 1998 with the stipulation that unspent balances would be deducted from future allocations. By end June 1998, the panchayats formally reported 95% expenditure, the bulk of the funds were withdrawn during the final month. This was due to an interesting innovation. The panchayats withdrew the amount from the government treasuries and deposited them either in public sector organisations (such as the State Electricity Board), which were supposed to execute works for them, or in their bank accounts. And these were shown as ‘expenditure’. For the third year, 1998–99, the funds earmarked were Rs 970 crore and the allocation for the fourth year, 1999–2000, was enhanced to Rs1020 crore.
Some weaknesses.
Obviously, the ‘campaigning’ mode raising people’s expectations to levels beyond the system’s capability to respond. Decentralised planning followed a ‘festive approach’ that characterises the launching of many a government programme in Kerala. The opposition led by the Congress Party began a political attack on the people’s planning. They alleged that the programme was being tailored to suit the interests of the leading ruling party. The UDF constituted an enquiry committee and published a report sharply critical of the implementation of the programme, presenting evidence of corruption and mismanagement from a selected number of panchayats.
The real reasons for the ire of opposition parties, especially the Congress, were obviously political in nature. The Congress Party felt that the credit for the decentralisation programme was being appropriated by the CPM in the name of people’s planning neglecting their party’s, especially Rajiv Gandhi’s, contribution to the 1993 Constitutional Amendments.
Hegemony of institutions.
The concept of hegemony was experimented in the people’s planning. Every organisation or institution - be it organisations of white collar employees, workers, cooperatives, students, women or even cultural bodies - was hegemonised with the movement. But hierarchical organisations such as employees associations, trade unions, students organisations and the cooperative bodies could not be enthused to support and strengthen the decentralisation process. Many organisations, especially the associations of government employees, are openly antagonistic and even opposed several attempts to deploy departmental staff to various tiers of panchayat raj.
A committee set up to recommend measures for the implementation and institutionalisation of the decentralisation process, chaired by the former Vice chairman of the West Bengal State Planning Board, S.B. Sen, had submitted a four volume report( popularly known as Sen Committee Report) that included detailed recommendations including deployment of departmental staff. However, resistance from the associations of government employees was such that so far no substantive steps have been taken by the government.2 While powerful sections in every political party oppose the decentralisation process, because of the enactment of the Panchayat Raj Bill, they are all formally committed. But there is no such compulsion for the bureaucracy, especially its powerful organised tiers at the middle and lower levels.
Poor administrative support.
The people’s planning faced with fundamental constraints in institutional capacity building. What has been followed was called ‘a big bang approach’ by deciding devolution of 33% of plan funds and embarking on a ‘campaigning’ mode to shake up the system. It was just like putting the cart before the horse or reversal of the normal sequence of events. Panchayats could not cope with the administrative or organisational challenges of spending so much money (nearly one to one-and-a-half crore of rupees per panchayat per annum). The absence of sound administrative support created a critical vacuum and often led to conflicts between an ‘inexperienced’ political executive and an ‘experienced’ administrative executive. Technical support was near absent and hence the voluntary experts were inducted in the form of ‘Key Resource Persons’ for facilitation and ‘expert committees’for vetting of plans.
The powerful and large rent-seeking departments in government, particularly in public utilities such as irrigation, public works, water supply and electricity distribution, did not give up their considerable powers.
Major Prospects.
There were some gains. For the first time, village panchayats have been freed from the clutches of the Public Works Department in matters relating to the design and implementation of construction works. So too in the case of minor, really minor, irrigation and small drinking water projects. Overall, given such dismal failures to restructure and redeploy the bureaucratic system, a demand has arisen for the establishment of a Development Administrative Service along the lines of the Indian Administrative Service. A paradigmatic challenge indeed to the mediocratic hegemony in the state’s bureaucratic system!
The one-third representation of women in elected panchayats would never have become a reality without constitutional backing. Women in leadership positions in the panchayats have often felt the heat from men and some have been forced to abdicate, even though many women representatives are related by family and kinship to men in politics. More important, their political visibility remains low in this ‘socially and politically progressive’ state of Kerala. Nevertheless, the educated, unemployed and unrecognised women, especially the younger ones, are waiting for an opportunity.

</doc>
<doc id="20644013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644013" title="Agenda Collective">
Agenda Collective

Agenda Collective is a British film production company based in London that develops and produces film and television programming.
The company was founded in 2006 by Peter King, David Procter and Andrea Farrena, producing short films and short documentaries and in 2007 they moved into commercial projects.
In mid-2008 Farrena moved on to pursue her own ambitions, leaving the company in the hands of King and Procter.
They received a nomination at the 2008 British Independent Film Awards for their film "Red Sands (documentary)", and picked up two awards at the Raindance Film Festival including "Film of the Festival".
Agenda received two nominations for the 'Broadcast Design Award' at the 2009 Rushes (company) Soho Shorts Festival, in competition with Slumdog Millionaire by Danny Boyle and the Euro 2008 titles by Aardman

</doc>
<doc id="20644031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644031" title="Vice President of Egypt">
Vice President of Egypt

The Vice President of the Arab Republic of Egypt was a senior official within the Egyptian government.
History of the office.
Under the 1971 Constitution.
According to article 139 of the 1971 Constitution, the President of Egypt "may appoint one or more Vice-Presidents define their jurisdiction and relieve them of their posts. The rules relating to the calling to account of the President of the Republic shall be applicable to the Vice-Presidents." The Constitution gives broad authority to the President to determine the number of Vice Presidents, as well as their appointment, dismissal and duties of office.
Under the 2012 Constitution.
The 2012 Constitution does not include the position of Vice President.
With the adoption of the current Constitution on 26 December 2012, the office of Vice President was abolished. Mahmoud Mekki was the last person to hold the office before the adoption of the 2012 Constitution, having resigned on 22 December 2012.
2013 Coup d'état.
After the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi in the 2013 Egyptian coup d'état, the position of the Vice President was restored by Acting President Adly Mansour, who appointed Mohamed ElBaradei to the post of Acting Vice President on 7 July 2013. He was sworn in on 14 July. On 14 August 2013, following a violent crackdown by security forces on supporters of deposed President Morsi, in which at least 595 people were killed, ElBaradei resigned as Acting Vice President.
List of Vice Presidents.
This list contains Vice Presidents of United Arab Republic (1958–1971, included Syria until 1961) and Arab Republic of Egypt (1971–present).

</doc>
<doc id="20644052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644052" title="Punctum (gastropod)">
Punctum (gastropod)

Punctum is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Punctidae, the dot snails.
Species.
The genus "Punctum" includes the following species:
The type species is "Helix minutissima" Lea, 1841.
Distribution.
This genus is found throughout the Holarctic ecozone, and also in South Africa and Mexico. 

</doc>
<doc id="20644080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644080" title="Dead Disco">
Dead Disco

Dead Disco were an English electronic band from Leeds, Yorkshire, formed in 2005. The band consisted of Victoria Hesketh (vocals, synthesizer), Lucy Catherwood (guitar) and Marie France (bass).
Formation.
The trio met in August 2005 at the University of Leeds. They were influenced by such artists as The Bangles, Blondie, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Ladytron, The Killers, Billy Idol, Gang of Four, The Slits and The Rapture.
Releases.
Dead Disco released four singles:
For both "The Treatment" and "Automatic", Dead Disco teamed up with producer James Ford. "Automatic" was the final single to be released by label Fierce Panda. "You're Out" was produced by Greg Kurstin of The Bird and the Bee, who has also worked with Kylie Minogue, Gwen Stefani, Peaches and Sophie Ellis-Bextor.
"City Place" was also included on the 2006 Dance to the Radio compilation "What We All Want".
Split.
A Myspace post in December 2008 confirmed that the group had come to an end, and that the members were working on new projects: Hesketh as Little Boots; and Catherwood and France as Video Villain.

</doc>
<doc id="20644083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644083" title="Yuki Uekusa">
Yuki Uekusa

Career statistics.
Last update: 3 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20644103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644103" title="Metro Spirit">
Metro Spirit

The Metro Spirit is a free alternative news weekly in Augusta, Georgia (USA). The paper is widely available at news stands across the Augusta area.
On March 2, 2011, publishing was suspended by then-current managing company Portico Publishing, citing lack of financial performance.
"The Spirit" resumed publishing April 14, under new owner Joe White.

</doc>
<doc id="20644107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644107" title="Award of Merit in Structural Engineering">
Award of Merit in Structural Engineering

The International Award of Merit in Structural Engineering is presented to people for outstanding contributions in the field of structural engineering, with special reference to usefulness for society by the International Association for Bridge and Structural Engineering (IABSE).
Fields of endeavour may include: planning, design, construction, materials, equipment, education, research, government, management.
The first Award was presented in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20644110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644110" title="Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1980">
Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1980

The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 1980 took place on 8 June 1980.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party, with almost two times the votes of Christian Democracy. After the election Lanfranco Turci, the incumbent Communist President of the Region, formed a new government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20644116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644116" title="Marco Gori">
Marco Gori

Marco Gori (born 26 July 1979 in Florence) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Prato at Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
Gori made his Serie A debut on 8 March 1998 against A.S. Bari.

</doc>
<doc id="20644122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644122" title="Mikhampur">
Mikhampur

Mikhampur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2949.

</doc>
<doc id="20644126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644126" title="Satoshi Kukino">
Satoshi Kukino


</doc>
<doc id="20644131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644131" title="Mirjapur, Narayani">
Mirjapur, Narayani

Mirjapur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2919 people living in 441 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644137" title="Parsauni Birta">
Parsauni Birta

Parsauni Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3004 people living in 483 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644138" title="Minuscule 27">
Minuscule 27

Minuscule 27 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1023 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 10th-century. It has liturgical books and marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 460 leaves (), though from John 18:3 the text is supplied. The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page. It is ornamented in gold and silver. 
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numerals are given at the margin, the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 241, the last section in 16:20), with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains the tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, pictures. Liturgical books with hagiographies (Synaxarion and Menologion) were added by a later hand. 
It was extensively altered by a later hand.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V. It belongs to the textual Family 1424.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents textual cluster M27 (as a core member). It creates cluster, to which belong the manuscripts: 71, 569, 692, 750, 1170, 1222, 1413, 1415, 1458, 1626, 2715.
History.
IT is dated by the INTF to the 11th-century.
The first collation was prepared by Larroque (along with the codices 28-33), but it was very imperfect.
It was examined and described by John Mill (Colb. 1), Wettstein, Scholz (1794-1852), and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 115) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20644141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644141" title="Martiniquais">
Martiniquais

Martiniquais may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20644153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644153" title="Parsauni Bhatha">
Parsauni Bhatha

Parsauni Bhatha is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3917 people living in 618 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644156" title="Family Park Tycoon">
Family Park Tycoon

Family Park Tycoon is a business simulation video game for the Nintendo DS developed by VIS Games and Entertainment, a division of Visual Imagination Games and Software, and published by Astragon. Game play focuses on amusement park management.
Family Park Tycoon has been cancelled in the UK. There will be no UK-version of the game family park tycoon, but the German version includes English language.

</doc>
<doc id="20644158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644158" title="Sabaithawa">
Sabaithawa

Sabaithawa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3080 people living in 468 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644162" title="Kooringal High School">
Kooringal High School

Kooringal High School (abbreviated KHS) is a secondary high school and a partially selective, co-educational, public high school, located in the Wagga Wagga suburb of Kooringal, New South Wales, Australia.
Kooringal High opened in 1973 with 354 students in Years 7 and 8, eighteen teachers, one office worker and eight cleaners. The school was the third government high school established in the City of Wagga Wagga. Built on the lower eastern slopes of Willans Hill, Kooringal High School's local enrollment area has included the residential areas of Kooringal and Lake Albert for the past three decades and more recently Tatton and Springvale.

</doc>
<doc id="20644163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644163" title="Mosihani">
Mosihani

Mosihani is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4001 people living in 671 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644171" title="Mudali">
Mudali

Mudali is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3676 people living in 584 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644179" title="Nagardaha">
Nagardaha

Nagardaha is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2564 people living in 410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644180" title="Tatsuya Suzuki (footballer born 1988)">
Tatsuya Suzuki (footballer born 1988)


</doc>
<doc id="20644185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644185" title="Nirchuta">
Nirchuta

Nirchuta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4017 people living in 668 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644190" title="Nirmal Basti">
Nirmal Basti

Nirmal Basti is a Village Development Committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8930 people living in 1588 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644195" title="Pidariguthi">
Pidariguthi

Pidariguthi is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3294 people living in 538 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644198" title="Pokhariya, Nepal">
Pokhariya, Nepal

Pokhariya is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4821 people living in 834 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644199" title="The People's Princess">
The People's Princess

"The People's Princess" was a radio play written by Shelagh Stephenson. Directed in Belfast by Eoin O'Callaghan, it premiered as the Afternoon Play on 11 December 2008 at 2.15pm on BBC Radio 4. It was based around the marriage and divorce of George IV and Caroline of Brunswick. As the title suggests, it drew parallels with the marriage and divorce of Prince Charles and Diana, such as Caroline and Diana's popularity among the British working classes, Charles and George's unpopularity during their divorce proceedings, the fickleness of such popularity or unpopularity, Caroline and Diana's use by anti-monarchical figures for their own ends, and the power of the press.
Cast.
Offstage characters include the Duke of Wellington, Caroline's dead daughter Princess Charlotte Augusta of Wales, William Wood, William Cobbett and Caroline's lover Mr Pergami.

</doc>
<doc id="20644202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644202" title="Pang Kin-kee">
Pang Kin-kee

Mr Justice Pang Kin-kee, SBS (彭鍵基) is Chairman of the Electoral Affairs Commission (EAC), Judge of the Court of First Instance of the High Court in Hong Kong.
Biography.
Pang was born in China in 1947. He was educated at the Diocesan Boys' School in Hong Kong, and was called to the English Bar in 1978 and started his career in private practice between 1979 and 1985. He was admitted as Barrister and Solicitor in Australia in 1983. In 1985, he had been appointed Magistrate of the Hong Kong Judiciary and became a District Judge in 1987. Since 1997, he has been Judge of the Court of First Instance of the High Court.
Pang served as member of the Judicial Officers Recommendation Commission from 27 January 2000 to 30 June 2001, in place of the Hon. Mr Justice Gerald Paul Nazareth upon his retirement; he was also the Returning Officer of the Chief Executive election of 2002. Justice Pang was named as Electoral Affairs Commission Chairman for three years from 17 August 2006; following the enactment of the Interception of Communications and Surveillance Ordinance, Pang was named one of the panel judges to consider applications.
Judgement controversy.
In December 2008, Pang came under criticism from Chief Justice Andrew Li for having handed down three different judgments for one case. It appeared that Pang had forgotten what he had ruled in the first place.
Leung Chin-man affair.
Serving as Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Post-service Employment of Civil Servants when the application of old school friend Leung Chin-man was considered, Pang declared his interest and did not partake in the vote. Leung's application was eventually approved, hastily. Pang said the decision to allow Leung to take up employment with a major property developer was based on papers and briefs provided by the Civil Service Bureau, which he considered to be sufficient and accurate at the time. The approval sparked a political storm.

</doc>
<doc id="20644207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644207" title="Ramgadhawa">
Ramgadhawa

Ramgadhawa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2796.

</doc>
<doc id="20644217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644217" title="Sonbarsa">
Sonbarsa

Sonbarsa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4212 people living in 725 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644227" title="Samjhauta">
Samjhauta

Samjhauta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4240 people living in 692 individual households.
Samjhauta (1973 film) may also refer to an Indian Hindi film released in 1973. 

</doc>
<doc id="20644231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644231" title="Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1985">
Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1985

The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 1985 took place on 12 May 1985.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party, with almost twice the votes of Christian Democracy. After the election Lanfranco Turci, the incumbent Communist President of the Region, formed a new government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party. Turci, elected senator, was replaced by Luciano Guerzoni in 1987.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20644232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644232" title="Sreesiya">
Sreesiya

Sreesiya is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2426 people living in 407 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644235" title="Kazuhiro Murakami">
Kazuhiro Murakami

Career statistics.
Last update: 22 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20644237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644237" title="Sapouli">
Sapouli

Sapouli is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2352 people living in 389 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644242" title="Sedhawa">
Sedhawa

Sedhawa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2184 people living in 397 individual households.
References.
About Sedhawa
Sedhawa is a very Beauty full village of parasa district.It is allocated in bank of river. and village also attach with jungle.
there was many historical place for tourist . it is hart of parsa district . if some body come there then don,t want to return from there.

</doc>
<doc id="20644249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644249" title="Shiva Worga">
Shiva Worga

Shiva Worga is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5218.

</doc>
<doc id="20644255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644255" title="Subarnapur, Nepal">
Subarnapur, Nepal

Subarnapur is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3515 people living in 647 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644269" title="Vauratar">
Vauratar

Vauratar is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5474 people living in 882 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644274" title="Norfolk Pigeon">
Norfolk Pigeon

The Norfolk Pigeon (Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae spadicea), sometimes called a Wood Quest, was a subspecies of the New Zealand Pigeon that inhabited Norfolk Island. It went extinct around the turn of the 20th century.
Ecology.
The abundance of the Norfolk Pigeon at the time of the island's settlement is unknown. Early records indicate the presence of the bird, but do not contain any information on its numbers. Based on the behaviour of the other subspecies, it is likely that the bird relied upon fruiting plants for food.
Extinction.
The extinction of the Norfolk Pigeon was caused by a combination of the introduction of cats and weasels, habitat destruction by human settlers, and direct hunting by humans. Prior to European settlement, the bird had been hunted by the Polynesian settlers of the island. When Europeans reached the island, however, the birds remained and the Polynesians did not. The Europeans took up the bird as a food source. An officer of the penal colony there, Ensign Abel Dottin William Best, recorded the species as still quite common in 1838, with his journals mentioning his successful hunting of 72 birds, including 25 on September 18th, 1838. The last sighting occurred in 1901. Direct hunting by humans was likely the dominant cause of extinction.
Specimens.
The first description of the species was given by John Latham, in his 1802 work "Supplementum Indicis Ornithologici". Twenty specimens of the Norfolk Pigeon are known. Three of these are in the Natural History Museum, Leiden.
Memorials.
The Government of Norfolk Island released a stamp commemorating the bird on February 24th, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20644276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644276" title="Sugauli Birta">
Sugauli Birta

Sugauli Birta is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4034 people living in 641 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644279" title="Owen Farrell">
Owen Farrell

Owen Andrew Farrell (born 24 September 1991) is an English rugby union player, currently playing for Aviva Premiership side Saracens. His father is Andy Farrell, who played both for England's rugby league and rugby union sides.
His primary position is fly-half, but he often plays at centre.
Early career.
Farrell was born on 24 September 1991 in Wigan, Greater Manchester. He began playing rugby league in his hometown at the age of eight for Wigan St Patricks. When his father Andy signed for Saracens in 2005, his family moved to Harpenden, where Owen was introduced to rugby union for the first time.
Saracens.
He held the record of youngest ever player to appear in English professional rugby union after playing for Saracens 11 days after his 17th birthday, in a 26–17 home defeat against Llanelli Scarlets in the EDF Energy Cup on 5 October 2008, until this record was broken in November 2009 by Leicester's George Ford, the son of another former Rugby League international (Mike Ford).
In the 2010–11 season, Farrell signed for Bedford Blues on loan. However, he returned to Saracens and was pivotal in the 2010–11 Aviva Premiership Final kicking five penalties and converting James Short's try for a personal haul of 17 points in the 22–18 victory over reigning champions Leicester Tigers.
England.
2012.
He was given his first call-up to the England Elite Player Squad when Stuart Lancaster selected him in his squad for the 2012 Six Nations Championship.
He made his debut on 4 February 2012 against Scotland, starting at Inside Centre next to Saracens' team-mates Brad Barritt and Charlie Hodgson. He kicked two penalties and a conversion, but also missed two tough penalties from around 50 metres. His next match, against Italy, saw him put in a faultless kicking display, kicking four penalties and a conversion. In the next match against Wales, Farrell played Fly-Half for the first time in an England shirt after Charlie Hodgson sustaining a finger injury in the week leading up to the Wales game.[http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/rugby-union/17113046] Once again his goal kicking was impressive missing just a single kick out of five but was replaced by Toby Flood later in the game after appearing to injure his leg after a clearance kick. He then played against France and Ireland. In the Ireland game Farrell put in a good kicking display, only missing 1 conversion. Farrell finished the competition with 63 points from 5 games.
The 2012 summer tour of South Africa saw Owen Farrell get selected again. Farrell played all game in the warm up game against The Barbarians and scored a respectable 17 points a game that England won comfortably. The first game against South Africa had Owen Farrell played all game. England lost 22–17 in a tight game. Farrell kicked all 4 of his penalties but missed a conversion. Farrell only came on as a substitute in the second test, and couldn't help England avoid defeat for a second time. Farrell didn't score any points in this game. Farrell had 2 spells in the third test. Farrell scored two penalties in a tight game that ended 14–14. Farrell also attempted to score his first drop goal. But missed both opportunities. Farrell ended the series with 18 points from 3 appearances.
Farrell played his first game in the Autumn test series as a substitute and scored a conversion.
On 1 December 2012 Farrell started England's game against the New Zealand team and scored a total of 17 Points, helping England to a record breaking victory, beating the All Blacks by the biggest margin of points England have ever defeated them by.
He was nominated for IRB player of the year, but failed to win this, missing out to the New Zealand stand-off, Dan Carter.
2013.
Farrell started in the Calcutta Cup vs Scotland, only missing one kick in a near faultless display. He set up one try and assisted England to a strong start in their 2013 Six Nations campaign. He also received the RBS Six Nations man of the match for his performance.
After a break from English Rugby due to the Lions Tour, Farrell returned to England for the 2013 QBE Autumn Internationals. He played the full 80 minutes of the match against the Wallabies, kicking two penalties (but also missing three with one hitting the post), two conversions and scoring his debut England try, breaking through a gap in the Australian line of defence and touching down under the posts. His try proved to be the decider, as England went on to win 20-13.
British and Irish Lions.
He was named as part of the British and Irish Lions squad for the 2013 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia.
Owen started for the Lions in Hong Kong on 1 June against the Barbarians, kicking 3 penalties and 3 conversions in a convincing 59–8 win for the Lions.
In his second game against Western Force, Owen who started on the bench came on in the 66th minute, to then score a try on his first touch, helping the Lions strive towards a 69–17 win.
International statistics.
As of 5 June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20644284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644284" title="Sugauli Partewa">
Sugauli Partewa

Sugauli Partewa is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5099.

</doc>
<doc id="20644288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644288" title="William Elvis Sloan">
William Elvis Sloan

William Elvis Sloan I (1867 – 1961) invented the Flushometer flushing mechanism, which is installed in millions of commercial, institutional and industrial restrooms worldwide.
Biography.
He was born in 1867 in Liberty, Missouri. In 1906, he founded Sloan Valve Company, which is now headquartered in Franklin Park, Illinois. With the exception of a period of time in the 1940s and early 1950s, Sloan Valve has been under the leadership of W.E. Sloan’s descendants. He had a grandson William Elvis Sloan II (1941-2001). He died in 1961.
Flushometer.
His invention, the Royal Flushometer, is a diaphragm-type valve which was the original product of Sloan Valve Co. The valve’s fundamental hydraulic design and its working principle have not changed. Flushometer valves use pressure from the water supply system rather than the force of gravity to discharge water into the bowl of toilets and urinals. A topmost diaphragm separates a pressure chamber from the main water supply. A narrow passageway leads from the main water supply into the pressure chamber. It is the narrowness of this passage that meters the flow by slowing repressurizing of the pressure chamber after the action of a flush. The diaphragm technology allows the flush valve to open and let water into the bowl. A main cylinder valve operates up and down. A groove in this cylinder allows water from the main supply to flow through when it is in a mid position. The valve is shut off at both its top and bottom positions. A second valve, placed within the main cylinder valve, releases the water in the topmost pressure chamber when the flush lever is activated, sending the main cylinder valve shooting upwards. The topmost pressure chamber slowly refills through its narrow passageway, pushing the valve cylinder back down gradually. A flush occurs while it is in its open mid positions. Because the water is gradually shut off, slower water at the end of the cycle that will not activate the siphon serves to refill the bowl. 
The valve cannot be kept open by holding the flush lever in the activated position, wasting water, because this only sends the main cylinder valve all the way up to its topmost shutoff position. A flush can only occur when the valve is in one of its mid positions.

</doc>
<doc id="20644294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644294" title="Surjaha">
Surjaha

Surjaha is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2848 people living in 520 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644301" title="Thori">
Thori

Thori is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6,820 people living in 1,256 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644303" title="Brandon Wolff">
Brandon Wolff

Brandon W.K. Wolff (born October 18, 1975) is an American mixed martial artist and former Navy SEAL. He has a twin brother, Brenton, who has followed the same path. He made his Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) debut in 2008 at "", where he suffered a technical knockout loss to Ben Saunders after a series of knees. He last faced Yoshiyuki Yoshida at "UFC 98", where he lost via guillotine choke in the 1st round. After his fight with Yoshida, he was released from the UFC. Wolff was scheduled to face Thomas "Wildman" Denny at Call To Arms 2, but had to pull out due to injury. Joe Cronin replaced him.

</doc>
<doc id="20644306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644306" title="Tulsi Barba">
Tulsi Barba

Tulsi Barba is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2852 people living in 480 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644323" title="Yuji Kimura">
Yuji Kimura

Career statistics.
Last update: 15 April 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20644334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644334" title="Romanian Handball Federation">
Romanian Handball Federation

The Romanian Handball Federation () (FRH) is the governing body of handball in Romania. It is based in Bucharest. FRH is led by 6 departments.
Competitions.
The Romanian Handball Federation organizes the following handball leagues:
It also organizes the Romania national handball team and the Romania women's national handball team and also Carpathian Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20644343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644343" title="Minuscule 28">
Minuscule 28

Minuscule 28 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 168 (Soden), formerly known as "Colbertinus 4705", is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on vellum. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th-century. It has marginalia. It is lacunose.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 292 parchment leaves (), with numerous lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page. 
The words are written continuously without any separation. The letters are "written carelessly by an ignorant scribe", "but containing many noticeable readings". The initial letters in colour.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections (in Mark 234, the last section in 16:9), with references to the Eusebian Canons (added by later hand). 
It contains the tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel but inaccurate, and subscriptions at the end of each Gospel. It contains also the Synaxarion. The manuscript was extensively altered by a later hand.
Lacunae:
Matthew 7:19-9:22, 14:33-16:10, 26:70-27:48, Luke 20:19-22:46, John 12:40-13:1; 15:24-16:12, 18:16-28, 20:19-21:4, 21:19-end). John 19:11-20:20, 21:5-18 were added by a later hand in the 15th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Caesarean text-type in the Gospel of Mark, and the Byzantine text-type in rest of the Gospels. Aland placed it in Category III but only in Gospel of Mark, in the rest of the Gospels Aland placed in Category V.
Accordint to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20. In Luke 1 it has mixture of the Byzantine families.
It contains the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11).
In Matthew 10:34 it has singular reading μαχην και μαχαιραν (warfare and a sword) instead of μαχαιραν.
In Mark 9:49 it reads πας γαρ πυρι αλισθησεται – as manuscripts (א εν πυρι) B L W Δ "f"1 "f"13 565 700 ℓ "260" syrs copsa.
In Mark 10:19 — phrase μη αποστερησης omitted (as in codices B, K, W, Ψ, "f"1, "f"13, 700, 1010, 1079, 1242, 1546, 2148, ℓ "10", ℓ "950", ℓ "1642", ℓ "1761", syrs, arm, geo.
In Mark 10:47 it has singular reading Ναζωρινός;
History.
It is dated by the INTF to the 11th-century.
It was examined and described by Mill, Wettstein, Scholz, and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 379) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20644349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644349" title="Moscou (Ghent)">
Moscou (Ghent)

Moscou is a densely populated neighbourhood of the Belgian city of Ghent, which owes its peculiar name to the presence of the Russian army in 1814-1815.
History.
On February 2, 1814, the French city administration of Ghent loyal to Napoleon Bonaparte fled the town for the approaching Russian army. On February 4, the Russian army, including Cossacks but also some Prussian hussars and commanded by colonel Novosinovits-Menshikov (who took up residence on the Ghent Kouter) entered the town as liberators. 
Local enthusiasm turned into concern as 200-300 Russian troops camping just outside Ghent in the fields of Ledeberg (close to present-day Moscou) engaged in plundering from the local peasants. A town delegation went to Brussels to obtain the departure of the Cossacks on February 7, leaving only Prussians in charge of Ghent. 
As French troops continued to resist the Coalition forces, on March 14, the 1st regiment of Don Cossacks, 250 men, commanded by the 80-year old Colonel Bishalov (soon to be dubbed "Peetje Kozak" or "Grandpa Cossack" by the Ghent population) arrived in Ghent. Bishalov resided at the Kouter, but, because of their reputation, the soldiers were not welcome to settle anywhere within city walls and endlessly moved around before, on February 18, they left for the north to defeat a French army unit at Sas van Gent. After this battle, the entire Russian force left for Deinze in the south but Bishalov's Cossacks returned on March 9, again to defend the town against the resisting French. The Cossacks were now housed in tents and granaries in the fields of Ledeberg and Gentbrugge. On March 24, the Cossacks celebrated Emperor Alexander I's accession day, by organizing, amongst other things, a cavalcade in the centre of Ghent, turning the Kouter into a manege.
On March 26, after a fierce battle with French troops, Bishalov retreated to Melle, but four days later his troops fought their way back. As French resistance in western Flanders faltered, on April 2, Bishalov finally left Ghent for Mons. Well into the twentieth century, however, Ghent parents would frighten their children into obedience by threatening to get Grandpa Cossack to punish their mischief.
When on June 29, Russian Emperor Alexander I visited Ghent, he was only greeted by Prussian troops. During Napoleon Bonaparte's Hundred Days in 1815, a detachment of the Russian army is again reported in the Veldwijk of Gentbrugge.
During the 19th and 20th century, Ledeberg and Moscou gradually became part of Ghent city, first turning into residential suburbs and later into working-class housing areas.
Moscou was also marked by the construction of a railway junction (serving the Ghent railway lines to Brussels and Antwerp) and of a freight station, both on the border of Gentbrugge and Merelbeke. There was a growing need for public transport to provide easy connections with the centre of Ghent. Tram lines between both ends of Moscou and the South Station neighbourhood of Ghent have operated since the beginning of the 20th century. In 1913, during the Ghent World Exhibition, one of these lines was famously powered by camels. 
The tram line between Ghent's main railway station, Sint-Pieters, and the south end of Moscou (now line 4) to which Moscou used to thank most of its notoriety outside Ghent, started operating in 1931.
Notwithstanding its population growth, Moscou was never an independent town or village, and with the rest of Gentbrugge became a part of Ghent in 1977. Since this merger of communes, which erased the border between Ledeberg and Gentbrugge, the borders of Moscou have become a little fluid. The Ghent city administration restricts Moscou (merged with the smaller neighbourhood of Vogelhoek) to what used to be part of Gentbrugge, near Merelbeke railway station, but local inhabitants often incorporate adjacent parts of Ledeberg, like the Papeleu park with its Russian-style apartment block Most of the action in the 2008 Flemish film "Moscow, Belgium", which put Moscou on the international map, also takes place in Ledeberg.
Population statistics.
In 2004 Moscou had 4,747 inhabitants, an 0.8% decrease in comparison with 1997 (during the same period, the population of Ghent increased by 2.8% to 230,723 inhabitants). Moscou's population includes few people of non-Belgian origin (5.4% versus 13.1% in the whole of Ghent) but a rather high proportion of older people (in the 45-64 age bracket).

</doc>
<doc id="20644355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644355" title="Richard Howard (actor)">
Richard Howard (actor)

Richard Howard (born 8 March 1944, Hitchin, Hertfordshire) is a British actor.
His father was a civil servant and he attended a preparatory school and Haberdashers' Aske's School. He then trained as an actor at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School before appearing on stage in repertory theatre, at the Oxford Playhouse and the Royal Court Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20644359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644359" title="Kyohei Sugiura">
Kyohei Sugiura

Career statistics.
Last update: 5 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20644372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644372" title="American School of Warsaw">
American School of Warsaw

The American School of Warsaw, Commonly abbreviated as ASW, is an English-using international school in Warsaw, Poland, founded in August, 1953. The school is divided into Elementary, Middle and High School wings. Students can prepare for the International Baccalaureate Diploma, and even those that choose not to take the full diploma receive IB courses.
ASW is a member of Central and Eastern European Schools Association (CEESA), Sports Council for International Schools (SCIS), and New England Association of Schools and Colleges. It is internationally accredited.
The school moved to a new facility in 2001 and are continuing to go through upgrades to the building, with a new Physical Education and Art wing finished in the Spring of 2012. 
The school has some nine hundred students from Pre-K to 12th Grade, with twenty students per class. The student body contains 52 different nationalities. The student population is approximately 20% Polish, 20% American and the rest from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20644415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644415" title="Jun Sonoda">
Jun Sonoda

Career statistics.
Last update: 20 March 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20644421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644421" title="Petrus Ryff">
Petrus Ryff

Petrus Ryff (or Ryffius) (Basel German pronunciation: ; May 8, 1552 – May 19, 1629) was a Swiss mathematician, physician and chronicler from Basel.
Life and work.
Petrus Ryff was born in Basel, Switzerland. He was the son of Daniel Ryff (1529–1612), and Ursula Zimmermann, and the grandnephew of Basler chronicler Fridolin Ryff.
Petrus Ryff enrolled in the University of his hometown in 1569; he received the Baccalaureus in 1572 and the "Magister Philosophiae" degree in 1576. He continued to study Medicine, following the lectures of Theodor Zwinger, Thomas Erastus, Felix Plater, and Johann Nicolaus Stupanus. He was awarded the degree of Medical Doctor in 1584. After that he practiced medicine for a few years, until he succeeded Christian Wursteisen as Professor of Mathematics at the University of Basel in 1586, a position he held until his death in 1629. In 1596 he became a Consultant of the School of Medicine, where he was an active member and 7 times Dean.
He was the author of several books of mathematics, astronomy, and astrology. Among the last is a prognostication for 1594. However, Petrus Ryff is best remembered for continuing and publishing the Basler Chronicles his granduncle Fridolin Ryff maintained between 1514 and 1541. After Fridolin died the chronicles were bequeathed to his daughter Magdalena, who passed them on to Petrus Ryff. He continued the chronicles from 1543–1585, and in 1585 he published the chronicles. The "Basler Chroniken" were edited and re-published in 1872 by the "Historische und Antiquarische Gesellschaft zu Basel". They provide an invaluable source of information about the history of Basel, and that part of Europe in the 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20644423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644423" title="San Roque Cathedral Ministry of Altar Servers">
San Roque Cathedral Ministry of Altar Servers

The Ministry of Altar Servers of San Roque Cathedral, formerly known as Knights of the Altar, is a Catholic brotherhood of males over the age of nine who stand as Altar servers at San Roque Parish Cathedral. It was instituted by a small group of young men affiliated with the San Roque Parish Cathedral when the church started as a small chapel. However, it had no formal organization until the 1950s when it finally adopted the name Knights of the Altar, becoming the official altar servers of then San Roque Parish Cathedral.
The Insignia.
The organization had no previous formal logo. The organizational logo is stylized as a characterization of the service that the altar servers are doing which is composed of the following symbolization:
• The Four colors (white, violet, red and green) - represent the four liturgical colors appropriate moods to a season of the liturgical year or may highlight a special occasion where (Red – blood/fire, Green – life, growth, hope, Violet- penance, atonement, expiation, and White - Purity, Holiness, Joy, Innocence and Triumph)
• The figure wearing long clothing with a heart and semi-emphasized head signify the Altar servers themselves that offer their services holistically and with love and wisdom to the youth, the people and mainly to God. The clothing represents the vestment used by them including the cassock (sutana) and a worn-over surplice.
• The cross with light rays represent God who died in the cross for the redemption from our sins and the light that gives us life and guidance. The Rectangular Shaped figure represents the altar where the Altar Servers function.
• The Gold Color (which is also one of the liturgical colors that functions as a default) represents the possession of the altar servers with relaxation and enjoyment of life, good health, promotion of courage, confidence and willpower in all of their meaningful activities within the liturgical year of the Catholic faith.
• Surrounding the enclosed colored cold line are the words “Ministry of Altar Servers” which is the name of the organization itself and below is “San Roque Parish Cathedral” which means that it is the base of the institution.
• The Circle symbolizes the continuation of the service, life and the generation of the organization.
Revisions.
The insignia of the San Roque Cathedral Ministry of Altar Servers has undergone series' of revisions. However, the former Public Relations Officer, Mark Journel Quero has completed its modification and later approved for use dated January 2007. It was formally introduced in a Lenten Pilgrimage, April 2007, as it was printed on the shirts and worn by the altar server pilgrims.

</doc>
<doc id="20644426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644426" title="Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1990">
Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1990

The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 1990 took place on 6 May 1990.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party. After the election Enrico Boselli, regional leader of the Italian Socialist Party, formed a government comprising the Communists and the Italian Democratic Socialist Party.
In 1994 Boselli, who had been elected to the Parliament of Italy, was replaced by Pier Luigi Bersani of the Democratic Party of the Left, the successor party of the Communists.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20644427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644427" title="Ankanam">
Ankanam

An Ankanam is a unit of measure similar to an acre. It is used mainly in regions of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, India - Nellore, Anekal, Bengaluru and Tirupathi. An Ankanam is measured as , (mostly in the Nellore District) and, in some places (such as Tirupathi), . In Nellore, one acre equals 605 Ankanams, and 1 "cent" amounts to 6.05 Ankanams. This unit is very popular, presumably because it is easier to calculate the cost of a piece of land.
1 Acre = 100 cents/0.405 hectares/605 Ankanas
1 cent = 6.05 Ankanas/48 Sq.Yards
1 Ankana = 8 Sq. yard/72 Sq. Feet
1 Ankana = 4 Sq.yard/36 Sq. ft (in Tirupathi)
1 Sq. Yard = 9 Sq.Feets

</doc>
<doc id="20644439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644439" title="Theodore Majocchi">
Theodore Majocchi

Theodore Majocchi was an Italian servant to Caroline, Princess of Wales, the wife of George, Prince of Wales. George was the heir of King George III of the United Kingdom. After the death of George III in 1820, Prince George became King of the United Kingdom and Hanover, as George IV. Caroline became Queen, but George despised her and sought a divorce by accusing his wife of infidelity. Majocchi appeared as a prosecution witness in her subsequent trial for adultery. Though the foundation of his evidence was held to be true, he was widely suspected of perjury and caricatured.
Majocchi was hired by Caroline's major-domo, Bartolomeo Pergami, as a manservant in 1815 in Naples. By 1818, he had left her service, and in 1819 he gave evidence to the "Milan commission", which had been set up by the Vice-Chancellor John Leach on the instructions of Prince George to gather evidence of Caroline's adultery. George and Caroline had been estranged for many years, and had led separate lives since 1796 but divorce was illegal under English law unless one of the parties could prove adultery.
By mid-1820, George had inherited the throne from his father, George III, and he felt he had enough evidence to get the Parliament of the United Kingdom to agree to a divorce between him and Caroline. On 5 July, a bill was introduced into Parliament "to deprive Her Majesty Queen Caroline Amelia Elizabeth of the Title, Prerogatives, Rights, Privileges, and Exemptions of Queen Consort of this Realm; and to dissolve the Marriage between His Majesty and the said Caroline Amelia Elizabeth." The bill charged that Caroline had committed adultery with Bartolomeo Pergami, the head servant of her household, and that consequently she had forfeited her rights to be queen consort. The bill was effectively a public trial of the Queen, whereby the government could call witnesses against Caroline, who would be cross-examined by her legal advisors. By voting on the bill, members of the Houses of Parliament would be both jury and judges.
Majocchi was the first witness for the prosecution. The prosecution's reliance on Italian witnesses of low birth led to anti-Italian prejudice in Britain. The witnesses had to be protected from angry mobs, and were depicted in popular prints and pamphlets as venal, corrupt and criminal. Street-sellers sold prints alleging that the Italians had accepted bribes to commit perjury. On 21 August, the day Majocchi's testimony opened, Caroline entered the chamber of the House of Lords. Shortly afterward, Majocchi was called. As he was led in, Caroline rose and advanced towards him, flinging back her veil. She apparently recognised him, exclaimed "Theodore!", and rushed out of the House. Her sudden sensational departure was seen as "burst of agony" by "The Times", but others thought it the mark of a guilty conscience. It led her defence team to advise her against attending in future unless specifically requested.
Under examination by the Solicitor General for England and Wales John Singleton Copley, Majocchi testified that Caroline and Pergami eat breakfast together, had adjoining bedrooms, and had kissed each other on the lips. He said Pergami's bed was not always slept in, and he had seen Pergami visit the Queen wearing only underwear and a dressing gown. He said that they had slept in the same tent during a trip around the Mediterranean, and that Pergami had attended the Queen, alone, while she was having a bath. The following day, his astonishing testimony continued with the revelation that when Caroline and Pergami were travelling together in a carriage, Pergami kept a bottle with him so he could relieve himself without having to step down from the coach. The situation in the House became more absurd, as the Solicitor General asked Majocchi about a male exotic dancer employed by Caroline, after which Majocchi demonstrated a dance by pulling up his trousers, extending his arms, clicking his fingers, and shouting "vima dima!", while moving his body up and down in a suggestive fashion. "The Times" newspaper was disgusted, and informed its readers that it regretted being "obliged" to report "filth of this kind". During Majocchi's cross-examination, conducted by Henry Brougham, Majocchi replied ""Non mi ricordo" (I don't recall)" more than 200 times. The phrase was repeated so often, it became a national joke, and featured in cartoons and parodies. Majocchi's credibility as a witness was destroyed. Eventually, the bill failed but Caroline died less than a year later. She was excluded from the coronation, and was never crowned.
The examination of Majocchi led to a significant ruling by the Lords on the legal tactic of witness impeachment by use of the witness's prior inconsistent statement which is still studied in classes on the law of evidence to this day. 

</doc>
<doc id="20644444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644444" title="Lintz Green railway station">
Lintz Green railway station

Lintz Green Railway Station was on the Derwent Valley Railway Branch of the North Eastern Railway near Consett, Durham, England. The railway station opened with the rest of the line on 2 December 1867 and closed 2 November 1953. The station is now part of the Derwent Walk Country Park. 
The station was infamous at the time for the unsolved 1911 murder of its stationmaster.
Unsolved murder.
On the night of Saturday 7 October 1911 the sixty-year-old stationmaster, Joseph Wilson, was shot when returning home after closing his office at the station. Although he did not die instantly, when questioned, Wilson was unable to communicate who had shot him.
The motive for the killing was probably robbery as Wilson was in the habit of carrying the day's takings from the booking office to his house, a trip of 50 yards, when he left for the night. On the day in question, however, he had transported the money earlier in the day.
Although the murder hunt, still one of the largest in the North East, involved two hundred officers nobody was convicted of the crime. 
The prime suspect was the relief porter Samuel Atkinson who was arraigned at the local Magistrates' Court for the murder and sent for trial at the Assize Court in Durham. At the opening of the trial the local Chief Constable William E Morant appeared and offered no evidence against Atkinson, who was released.

</doc>
<doc id="20644456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644456" title="Henri Dallier">
Henri Dallier

Henri Édouard Dallier (March 20, 1849 – December 23, 1934) was a French organist. He studied organ with César Franck at the Paris Conservatory and obtained first prize in organ and fugue in 1878. He became "titulaire du grand orgue" of Saint-Eustache in 1879 and in 1905 he succeeded Gabriel Fauré as the organist of la Madeleine.

</doc>
<doc id="20644460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644460" title="What's My Line (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)">
What's My Line (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)

"What's My Line" is a two-episode story in season two of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
In Part One, Buffy endures Career Week at school while Spike hires assassins to kill her; a fierce fighter who identifies herself as "Kendra, the Vampire Slayer" shows up in Sunnydale. In Part Two, Buffy encounters Kendra, while Angel is taken by Spike for a ritual in which Drusilla is restored to health.
Plot synopsis.
Part one.
As career week arrives, Buffy feels trapped and apathetic because the students around her are exploring their choices for the future, while her fate as the Slayer is already set in stone. Even so, she must join Willow and Xander in filling out career questionnaires. Spike works on a cure for Drusilla as she lays out Tarot cards. He becomes frustrated with Dru's childlike behavior and ruminates on Buffy's interference in his plans. Dalton, a vampire transcriber, is unable to decipher the book stolen from the library a couple of weeks earlier which contains a cure, but then Drusilla informs Spike that they need a key because the book is in code. The cards indicate the location of the key, much to the delight of Spike.
Buffy witnesses Dalton stealing an object from a mausoleum, but he escapes when she is distracted by another vampire. She enters her bedroom through the window out of habit, despite the fact that her mother is out of town for a few days, and finds Angel waiting to warn her of grave danger, and she notes with irritation that he does this a lot. He discovers her childhood obsession with Dorothy Hamill (Dorothy dolls, posters, and haircut), and offers to take her ice skating the following day. At school the next morning, the test results are revealed, much to the chagrin of Buffy and Xander. Buffy reports to Giles, and he is distressed and disappointed when she tells him about the theft from the mausoleum.
Spike and Drusilla examine the key stolen by Dalton, a gold cross. Spike decides to call the Order of Taraka, an ancient guild of assassins, to rid himself of Buffy once and for all. Back at school, Willow is taken into a secluded lounge area to be recruited by a leading software company, along with Oz, the boy who has been watching her for weeks. At the mausoleum, Giles realizes with concern that Josephus du Lac (a member of a religious sect that had been excommunicated by the Vatican) is buried there. He is the author of the book stolen from the library, and Giles believes the key was stolen from the tomb. 
In the meantime, the assassins begin to arrive. A large, intimidating man exits a bus, and a door-to-door beauty salesman walks down the sidewalk past Buffy's house to her next-door neighbors'. He gains an invitation inside, the door closes, and the lady of the house screams. A young woman attacks an airplane worker in the cargo hold of a plane, escaping with little difficulty.
Giles tells Buffy, Xander, and Willow about the "du Lac Cross" which can be used as the key, and he enlists their help with further research. Buffy manages to keep her ice skating date with Angel. She is attacked while ice skating, and Angel arrives in time to help her fight off the assassin whom she kills with the blade of her skate. Angel, recognizing the assassin's ring, asks Buffy if she knows what it means ("I just killed a Super Bowl Champ?"), and then warns her that she should leave Sunnydale and hide. Angel is wounded and doesn't want Buffy to have to touch his vampire face, but she removes her gloves to touch his face with her bare hands, assuring him that she hadn't even noticed, and kisses him. The female from the plane watches from the shadows.
The assassin next-door to Buffy's house feeds on the body he had killed by disintegrating into hundreds of writhing mealworms which can reshape themselves into limbs at will. Buffy is paranoid and jittery, suspicious of each person who passes by in the hallways at school. As Oz passes her, she panics and pins him against a locker. Oz declares her to be a "tense person". Buffy arrives at Angel's empty home and falls asleep in his bed. Angel goes to Willy's bar for information, and Willy finally confirms Angel's suspicions that Spike is behind the assassins, but before Angel can leave, he is attacked by the mysterious female. They fight, and she locks him in a metal cage in front of an eastern window, with only a few short hours until sunrise. 
Giles awakens Willow, who had fallen asleep ("Don't warn the tadpoles!" she exclaims, subsequently explaining that she has "frog fears"). He reveals that the missing manuscript is a ritual to restore a weakened vampire back to health. Xander and Cordelia enter Buffy's house, and Xander searches for her while Cordelia waits downstairs. She hears a knock at the door and lets in the mealworm assassin, again appearing as a make-up salesman promising free samples. In Angel's bedroom, Buffy awakes to find herself being attacked by the mysterious woman. They fight, and the woman tells Buffy that her name is Kendra, the Vampire Slayer...
Part two.
Buffy and Kendra go to Giles for assistance in explaining their situation. They learn that Kendra is the slayer who was 'called' when Buffy temporarily died in her fight with The Master in "Prophecy Girl". Their discussion reveals that Kendra had locked Angel in a cage, leaving him to be dusted at sunrise. Buffy and Kendra arrive to find only an empty cage; Buffy fears the worst, but Kendra points out the absence of dust.
Willy (the bar guy) had saved Angel from near-death, only to dump him in a sewer with Spike. Spike takes Angel back to the warehouse, where he will be held until he can be sacrificed to restore Drusilla to full strength. Bound and gagged, Angel haplessly listens as Drusilla asks Spike to let her torture Angel. Although Spike briefly hesitates, he soon smiles and agrees, unable to resist indulging her whims. Meanwhile, as Buffy ruminates on the co-existence of two slayers, she entertains the possibility of quitting and letting Kendra take over her Slayer duties. 
Giles begins to bond professionally with Kendra, who seems to be more dedicated to her calling than Buffy, on a professional, intellectual and academic level. Xander and Cordelia face even bigger problems when they find that the salesman that Cordelia let into the Summers' house is actually an assassin who can transform himself into thousands of mealworms. They run and hide in the basement, although before long they are fighting each other. After an unexpected kiss, Xander and Cordelia rush to escape the basement, running past the attacking worm-monster. At school, the career placement test has thrown Willow and Oz together, and they discuss their similar interests. Buffy, whose test results recommend a career in law enforcement, attends the career fair seminar to appease Principal Snyder. The police officer leading the seminar calls Buffy's name, but when Buffy identifies herself, the officer draws her gun and points it at the Slayer. Buffy avoids the bullet, which instead hits Oz as he pushed Willow out of harm's way. Kendra comes to Buffy's rescue, and they fight off the attacker. The Scoobies then gather in the library, where Giles announces that Spike intends for Angel to die in the ritual to restore Drusilla. Buffy angrily announces that Spike can do anything to her, but he had better not mess with her boyfriend.
Meanwhile, Angel is being tortured by Drusilla, both emotionally and physically; she pours holy water on him as she reminds him about how he killed her whole family. Spike comes in and announces that it is time for the ritual to begin. Angel taunts Spike with insinuations that Spike is unable to satisfy Drusilla, in hopes that Spike will kill him before he can be used to cure Drusilla. Spike is infuriated, but does not lose sight of the big picture. Meanwhile, Kendra gains a newfound respect for Buffy's qualities as a Slayer. Later, the Slayers go after Willy to learn what happened to Angel; they force Willy to take them to the location of Spike and Angel. However, Willy leads them into the assassins and they arrive too late to prevent the ritual. Buffy attacks Spike to save Angel, and Kendra and the Scooby Gang arrive to back her up. Xander and Cordelia work together in the hallway to kill the worm assassin; since he can only be destroyed in his "disassembled state", they lure the worms underneath a door into a sticky trap. Willow and Giles work together to stake a vampire while Buffy and Kendra fight several of their own. Spike starts a fire and rushes to rescue the unconscious Drusilla, hoping that the ritual has had time to cure her. However, Buffy prevents their exit, crushing them in falling rubble. She rushes to the floor to help the weakened Angel, while everyone watches in awe, and she helps him exit the building.
With the danger over, it's time for Kendra to leave. Buffy and Kendra discuss Angel (with Kendra admitting he's 'pretty cute') and also their position as Slayer. Kendra remarks that Buffy considers slaying to be a job when it isn't, it's a part of who she is. The two, now friends, say their goodbyes and Buffy is left with a new outlook on her position as the Slayer, as well as the knowledge that she is no longer alone in her calling. 
At the remains of the church, Spike lies seriously injured under the rubble... when Drusilla rises, the ritual having worked and restored her to full power. She carries her partner out of the debris, promising to return the favor and make him as powerful as her.
Production.
"I really hated that accent! I got the part, and I didn't originally have an accent. Then, literally the night before, they said, "What about a Jamaican accent?" So it's one of those things where, y'know, I just had to put it on tape, but I didn't have a chance to get comfortable with it. And the thing is, certain things - if you say it properly Jamaican patois, people don't really fully understand it, so they would change things. They'd say, "Well, say it like this" and it's like, "Would that be accurate in that accent though?" "It doesn't matter because no-one's going to understand you!" So different people were giving their interpretations of it. I was like "But everyone's going to think that I'm doing it wrong!" So personally, I wasn't happy with the accent!"
Reception.
Part one pulled in 3.5 million households on its original airing, while part two had an audience of 3.9 million households.

</doc>
<doc id="20644479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644479" title="2008–09 Syrian Cup">
2008–09 Syrian Cup

The 2008-09 version of the Syrian Cup is the 39th edition to be played. It is the premier knockout tournament for football teams in Syria.
Al-Karamah went into this edition as the holders.
First Qualifying Round.
22 teams play a knockout tie. 11 clubs advance to the next round. Games played over two legs
Second Qualifying Round.
40 teams play a knockout tie. 20 clubs advance to the next round. Games played over two legs
First round.
32 teams play a knockout tie. 16 clubs advance to the next round. Games played over two legs
¹ "Areeha failed to the 2nd leg, match awarded 3-0 to Al-Sholla.
² "Saraqib failed to the 2nd leg, match awarded 3-0 to Al-Yaqaza.
3 "Al-Jazeera failed to the 2nd leg, match awarded 3-0 to Al-Jaish.
Round of 16.
16 teams play a knockout tie. 8 clubs advance to the next round. Games played over two legs
¹ "Al-Sholla failed to the Round of 16, matches awarded 3-0 to Al-Taliya.
Quarter-finals.
8 teams play a knockout tie. 4 clubs advance to the next round. Games played over two legs
Semi-finals.
4 teams play a knockout tie. 2 clubs advance to the Final. Games played over two legs

</doc>
<doc id="20644513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644513" title="Justus of Trieste">
Justus of Trieste

Saint Justus of Trieste (also Justus the Martyr, Just of Trieste; ; died on 2 November 293) is a Roman Catholic saint. 
According to his "passio" (account of his trial and death), he was a citizen of Triest in Italy, known for his works and charities. When charges of being a Christian were brought against him by his fellow citizens, he was tried according to Roman law. Since he refused to sacrifice to the Roman gods, he was found guilty of "sacrilegium" and sentenced to death by drowning. According to a local tradition, he was thrown from a small boat into the Gulf of Triest, offshore the present promontorio of Sant'Andrea.
On the night of Justus' death the "presbyter" (priest or bishop) Sebastian was told in a dream that Justus' body had been washed ashore in spite of the weights meant to hold it down. Sebastian gathered his fellow believers and they went searching for the body, which they found on what is today Riva Grumula. Justus was then buried not far from the shore where he had been found. In late antique times the area near Piazza Hortis in Trieste was a cemeterial one and there is a good possibility that the former basilica of the Holy Martyrs at the corner of Via Ciamician and Via Duca d'Aosta was built on Justus' tomb.
In the Middle Ages the body of Justus was translated to a chapel adjacent to the church of Mary Mother of God (present day Duomo), attested since the sixth century. When, in the 10/11c, the chapel was joined to the church, the cathedral, though dedicated to Mary Mother of God, became known as "cathedral of Saint Justus". 
He is patron saint of the city and diocese of Trieste. He is also patron saint of Albona (in Istria), San Giusto Canavese and Misilmeri in Sicily.
His feast day is 2 November, but the celebration of it is postponed for liturgical reasons until the following day, and thus 3 November is often given as the date of the feast.
Early representations of the saint are limited to Trieste itself, and in particular to the cathedral. They are: the silk icon in the treasury of the cathedral, the 12th century mosaic in the left apse, where Justus is shown with Saint Servulus, the Romanesque statue on the bell tower, a series of frescoes discovered in the cathedral in 1959, the miniature in the 14/15c breviary of the Chapter of the Cathedral of Trieste.

</doc>
<doc id="20644520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644520" title="Kapurpur">
Kapurpur

Kapurpur is a town in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 32°18'0N 74°43'0E with an altitude of 239 metres (787 feet).
See also.
Kapur:

</doc>
<doc id="20644524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644524" title="Heinz Hess">
Heinz Hess

Heinz Hess (June 2, 1922 - March 5, 1992) was a German architect best known for his involvement in the construction of 20 churches in and around Mannheim.
Career.
Hess began his study of architecture at Karlsruhe University in 1940, but interrupted his education between 1941 to 1945 to fight in the Second World War. He received his diploma in 1948 after resuming his studies under Otto Ernst Schweizer and Heinrich Müller, and became an assistant to Müller. In 1951, he presented his thesis and took employment in the civil service, where he worked alongside Horst Linde. In 1956, Hess accepted a position with the construction offices of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freiburg, and from 1986 headed the organisation following the retirement of Hans Rolli. From 1972 to 1977, Hess also served as Chief of department in Heidelberg.
Works.
His works include:

</doc>
<doc id="20644537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644537" title="Rebecca Saire">
Rebecca Saire

Rebecca Saire (born 16 April 1963) is a British actress and writer who gained early attention when, at the age of fourteen, she played Juliet for the "BBC Television Shakespeare" series.
Personal life.
Saire was educated at Watford Grammar School for Girls but left at the age of 13 to join the Godolphin and Latymer School for Girls in Hammersmith, London. She is married to the actor Roger Allam, with whom she has two children.
Career.
Film.
She played Cecily Nettleby in the highly acclaimed film, "The Shooting Party".
Writing.
Saire has written three plays for BBC Radio 4, all produced by Eoin O'Callaghan:

</doc>
<doc id="20644546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644546" title="Idesktop.tv">
Idesktop.tv

iDesktop.tv is a website whose main purpose is the searching, watching, organizing and downloading and creating Custom Players for YouTube videos. The website's interface attempts to emulate that of a normal desktop application.
iDesktop.tv also allows users to create Custom Video Players from external playlists as well as YouTube videos. 
iDesktop.tv now has over 125,000 registered users. 
Custom Video Players.
In October 2008 iDesktop.tv were seen presenting the new iDesktop.tv V2 which is about to be released in beta at the Web2.0 Expo in Berlin
Through iDesktop.tv users can create Custom Players in a matter of minutes using their Custom Player step-by-step guide. You can take videos from:
iDesktop.tv offer a choice of 6 different types of players and 3 playlist types
You can then choose from over 300 other options to completely customise the video player from colors to logos and advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="20644591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644591" title="Gianluca Temelin">
Gianluca Temelin

Gianluca Temelin (born 5 August 1976) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Reggiana of Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
Biography.
On 31 August 2009, he joined Reggiana along with Davide Saverino.

</doc>
<doc id="20644597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644597" title="Édouard Mignan">
Édouard Mignan

Édouard Mignan (17 March 1884 - 17 September 1969) was a French organist and composer.
He was born in Orléans and 14 years old he became the organist of église Saint Paterne. He studied organ in Paris with Alexandre Guilmant and Louis Vierne and won the Grand Prix de Rome in 1912. He was organist at Saint-Thomas-d'Aquin from 1917 to 1935. He succeeded Henri Dallier as organist of la Madeleine in 1935 and held that post until 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20644602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644602" title="Shingo Hyodo">
Shingo Hyodo

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20644620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644620" title="Defunct North American collegiate sororities">
Defunct North American collegiate sororities

This article describes smaller collegiate sororities created in nineteenth century and early to middle
twentieth century on campuses in the United States and Canada. These sororities are defunct. Individual chapters may have affiliated with National Panhellenic Conference (NPHC) sororities.
Aloquin.
Aloquin was founded as a coeducational organization in 1905 at Ohio University. The name comes from combining the two Greek words for "Why not?". In 1910, the group split into two separate organizations, one for men, the other for women. Aloquin sorority chartered two more chapters: Ohio State University, 1914; Wittenburg College, 1915. 
Ohio University's chapter affiliated with Zeta Tau Alpha in 1922; OSU's went with Chi Omega in 1919; Wittenburg's reorganized as Theta Gamma Rho in 1918. 
Of the OSU chapter, Chi Omega's history recalled that the Aloquins "decided that there would be many more advantages derived from membership in a national fraternity than from a local state organization." (Ferguson, p. 188)
Beta Delta Pi.
The Alpha chapter began as D.D.D. in January, 1887 at Bucknell Female Institute. On September 15, 1887, the sorority changed its name to Beta Delta Pi. Little else is known about this sorority. A Beta chapter was chartered at Miss Gordon's Private School in Philadelphia. The Lambda chapter was colonized at Toronto in 1914. Lambda decided "something must be done to strengthen our position nationally" ( Alpha Gamma Delta Quarterly, p. 89). The chapter affiliated with Alpha Gamma Delta. 
The sorority was "renewed" in 1916 (Women of Today, 1925).
The 1917 edition of Toronto's yearbook gave the following chapters: Alpha, Lewisburg, PA; Beta, Philadelphia; Gamma, New York City; Delta, Stamford, Conn.; Epsilon, Chevy Chase; Eta, Peekskill-on-the-Hudson; Theta, Hollidaysburg, Pa.; Iota, Atlantic City; Lambda, Toronto. 
The colors were nile green and pink (L'Agenda 1895).
Delta Chi Alpha.
Delta Chi Alpha was one of the first Greek-lettered organizations for collegiate women. It was founded in May 1878 at Ohio Wesleyan University. The badge was silver with a monogram of the letters "encircled by a frosted wreath" (Baird's 1879). The colors were cardinal and ecru. In 1879, the membership was twenty-five.
In 1882, the fraternity established the Beta chapter at Beaver College. (The Phi Gamma Delta 1882, p. 76).
Alpha chapter, at Ohio Wesleyan, affiliated with Kappa Alpha Theta (Baird's 1898). It is not known what happened to Beta.
Kappa Sigma Tau.
Kappa Sigma Tau existed at Northwestern University prior to World War I. It collapsed during the war years. In 1919, the group reorganized as "Campus Club" but could not compete with the Y.W.C.A. In April 1922, the group became the Kahniga fraternity. There were 22 founders. The name was soon changed to Kappa Sigma Tau. 
Baird's (1930) gives the roll as follows:
1922 Alpha Northwestern
1924 Beta Illinois
1927 Gamma Mississippi 
1928 Delta Lake Forest College 
There was a national council meeting at a convention. The journal was The Gold and White. The badge was "a gold crescent with a row of ten pearls on the left side and one pearl at the point on the right. Gold letters Kappa Sigma Tau are placed vertically on a raised onyx crescent in the center of the badge" (Baird's 1930, p. 602). The colors were gold and white. The flower was the yellow rose. 
The coat-of-arms was "on a fess between three mullets in chief and a lamp in bend a pair of balances. Crest is a crescent" (Butterfield, p. 46).
The Lake Forest chapter affiliated with Alpha Xi Delta in 1932. The other three dissolved.
Phi Delta.
Phi Delta grew from two sororities: Sigma Epsilon (New York University, 1919) and Alpha Delta Omicron (New York State Teachers College at Albany). The two sororities came together to form Phi Delta on January 19, 1927. (Although October 25, 1919 was the official founding date). Baird's (1930) stated the objects are "to create a friendly spirit among the girls of the institutions represented, to uphold the honor spirit of the institution, and to develop the abilities of members for most effective college life" (p. 322). 
By 1930, there was 6 active chapters with a total of 223 members:
1919 Alpha New York State College Delta
1919 Beta New York University (NYU) Epsilon
1927 Gamma UCLA Sigma
1927 Epsilon Cincinnati Beta
1927 Zeta George Washington University (GWU) Sigma Theta
1929 Eta Temple University Alpha
SUNY Albany's online archives state that Phi Delta was founded for Protestant women, and that it was the first sorority for Protestant women founded at a state university. 
Baird's (1930) described the insignia "The badge is a Phi, studded with pearls, superimposed upon a plain gold Delta. The pledge pin is a black shield with a gold sword and star. Colors are gold and black. The flower is the yellow tea rose" (p. 322). The "Phi Delt" was the bi-monthly magazine. 
Butterfield (p. 42) described the coat- of arms as "sable a sinister bend or, superimposed by a white open book proper on which in turn is superimposed a torch palewise or, flamed argent. Crest. An eagle displayed, or". The motto was the sorority's name, and placed on the banner underneath the shield. 
Phi Delta suffered from the Great Depression. In 1935, the NYU and GWU chapters affiliated with Beta Phi Alpha; Cincinnati became an Alpha Delta Pi chapter. UCLA struggled for a short time as a local, and ultimately dissolved. Albany remained a local until 1973 (Baird's).
Phi Delta (local).
For the next 40 years, Alpha chapter functioned as a typical social sorority. The chapter had residences at 146 and 278 Western Ave (SUNY Albany archives). The Constitution (1967) gives the purpose of the sorority 
"as a social and fraternal organization, shall be to uphold the honor Spirit of the University, to create a friendlier spirit among the girls of the University, to strengthen the scholastic standing of the University, and to develop the abilities of the girls for the benefit of the college life". 
Article IV, Section VII of the Constitution (1967) explained that Phi Delta permitted honorary membership 
"to those men and women who have shown distinguished ability in the field of education and leadership, and possess such qualities as Phi Delta stands for; and men and women who have shown sincere interest and have given service to Phi Delta, upon election."
Section X of the same article explained faculty membership as 
"a man or woman of the University faculty who has shown distinguished ability in the field of education and leadership."
During the 1960s, Phi Delta opened membership to African- American and Jewish women (SUNY Albany archives).
In 1973, the sorority dissolved.
Pi Sigma Gamma.
Pi Sigma Gamma was founded in 1919 by two University of California at Berkeley students, Alice H. Cassidy and Kathleen D. Coghlan. Baird's (1930) reports the following chapters and membership numbers:
1919 Alpha Berkeley 
1921 Beta Washington 
1926 Gamma Hunter College 
1928 Delta UCLA 
Total membership was 439. 
National conventions were held throughout the 1920s. The sorority had several publications: a song book, a "Pledge Manual", a "Handbook for Pledges", "Triple Wing" magazine (Baird's 1930, p. 610). 
Butterfield (p. 45) described the coat-of-arms as "A group of emblems within a shield outline, three book, lamp, and crossed swords are employed in the device."
The UCLA chapter closed in 1930. The remaining chapters affiliated with Beta Sigma Omicron.
Sigma Sigma Delta.
On November 11, 1924, Lanterna Laetitiae was organized at Bucknell University. Four years later, the decision to become a national organization prompted the name change to Sigma Sigma Delta. The sorority had "open membership as a fundamental principle" 
(Bucknell University website). 
Four more chapters were chartered: Susquehanna, Northwestern, Baldwin-Wallace, Ohio Marietta (Baird's). 
Northwestern's came from the local Aeukiga and Baldwin-Wallace's from the Calumet Club (Baird's). 
In Ohio Marietta's catalogue (1933), the sorority is listed as ""Sigma Sigma Delta National Open Sorority"" (p. 23)
By 1938, all chapters had dissolved. Northwestern's went to Phi Omega Pi. Baldwin-Wallace's reorganized as Theta Tau Delta, then affiliated with Phi Mu.
The sorority's official colors were green and white; the flower was the white carnation; the publication was "The Evergreen"
(L'Agenda).
References.
1. Butterfield, Emily H. (1931) College Fraternity Heraldry. The Collegiate Press: George Banta Publishing Co, Menasha, WI. 
2. Baird's Manual of American College Fraternities, multiple editions. 
3. The Phi Gamma Delta by Phi Gamma Delta, 1882, v. 1-4, Jan 1879- June 1882.
4. Constitution, Alpha Chapter of Phi Delta, Fall 1967.
5. State University of New York Albany, M.E. Grenander Department of Special Collections and Archives
http://library.albany.edu/speccoll/findaids/ua800.009.htm
6. Bucknell University, History of Women at Bucknell, 1916 to 1925
http://www.bucknell.edu/x7811.xml
7. Catalogue, Ohio Marietta College, 1931. 
8. L'Agenda, yearbook of Bucknell University
9. Ferguson, Christelle (1938). A History of Chi Omega, Volume 1, The Collegiate Press, George Banta Publishing Company, Menasha Wisconsin. 
10. Women of Today, 1925, Published by Women of Today Press. 
11. Alpha Gamma Delta Quarterly, v. 10 (1919), published by Alpha Gamma Delta. 
12. Bucknell 1886- 1895
http://www.departments.bucknell.edu/WRC/history/1886to1895/1886to1895.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20644633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644633" title="Tristram of Lyonesse">
Tristram of Lyonesse

"Tristram of Lyonesse" is a long epic poem written by the British poet Algernon Charles Swinburne, that recounts in grand fashion the famous medieval story of the ill-fated lovers Tristan and Isolde (Tristram and Isuelt in Swinburne's version). It was first published in 1882 by Chatto and Windus, in a volume entitled "Tristram of Lyonesse and Other Poems". Swinburne himself considered 'Tristram of Lyonesse' to be the crowning achievement of his poetic career (quoted by Harrison, p. 96). William Morris (referring to this poem) commented that Swinburne's work 'always seemed to me to be founded on literature, not on nature'.
Contents.
The poem consists of 4488 rhyming pentameters and is divided into ten different sections: one 'Prelude' and nine 'Cantos'. It is usually preceded, as in "Tristram of Lyonesse and Other Poems" by a dedicatory sonnet to Swinburne's friend Theodore Watts-Dunton. Below is a brief summary of the content of the poem's different parts:
Prelude
The 'Prelude' starts with a hymn to love and then places Isuelt among the twelve beautiful women of myth and story, each of whom represents a different month of the year. It ends with Swinburne's apology for adding yet another retelling to the already lengthy literature written on the subject of Tristan and Iseult.
I. The Sailing of the Swallow
In the poem's first canto the actual story begins, with elaborate descriptions of both Iseult and Tristram sailing to King Mark of Cornwall whom Iseult is to marry. The future lovers discuss various tales of the Matter of Britain and Tristram sings two love-songs to please the innocent Isuelt. The canto ends with their drinking of the love-potion and their fateful first kiss.
II. The Queen's Pleasance
The ship arrives in Cornwall and Iseult marries King Mark. By trickery, however, she spends her first marriage-night with Tristram while her hand-maid Brangwain sleeps with King Mark. Swinburne tells of the lovers' fortunes in Tintagel, which abruptly end when the evil knight Palamides carries Iseult away. After Tristram has chased and killed Palamides, the lovers retreat together to a bower in the woods and are allowed the first full consummation of their love, which Swinburne describes in abundant detail.
III. Tristram in Brittany
The third canto recounts Tristram's exile in Brittany, and opens with what will be the first in a series of three dramatic monologues. In it, Tristram laments his fate and deplores the Gods in typical Swinburnian fashion. He is awakened from his melancholy musings by nature and the advent of a new spring which erupts all around him. The canto ends with Tristram's meeting with the young Isuelt of the White Hands, whose name beguiles Tristram into marrying her.
IV. The Maiden Marriage
Yet having married Iseult of the White Hands, Tristram's mind wanders back to his days in Cornwall with Iseult of Ireland, and we learn how by betrayal their adulterous love was finally discovered, upon which King Mark sent Tristram to the top of a cliff to be executed. Tristram, however, managed to escape from his bonds, to dive from a great height down into the ocean and with great hardships to finally reach the shores of Brittany. Thus reminded of his first love, Tristram is unable to consummate his marriage-night with Iseult of the White Hands.
V. Isuelt at Tintagel
That same night Iseult of Ireland sits up alone in her room in King Mark's palace. While outside her window the sea and the night-winds battle it out, she delivers a dramatic monologue full of violent blasphemy and bitter lamentation, at the end of which she ruefully watches the sun rise and breaks down in tears.
VI. Joyous Gard
To his dismay Ganhardine the brother of Iseult of the White Hands then discovers that his sister, notwithstanding her marriage with Tristram, still remains a virgin. Tristram explains that he cannot forsake his first love and, Ganhardine demanding to see her, the two travel to Tintagel. As it happens, King Mark is out hunting when the men arrive, and Tristram flees with Iseult of Ireland to Camelot, where they finds grace from Launcelot and Guinevere, that other famous adulterous couple. By their grace Tristram and Isuelt are allowed to stay at Launcelot's seaside castle Joyous Gard, where they enjoy their second sustained period together, sweetly conversing about their love. 
VII. The Wife's Vigil
At the same time over in Brittany, Iseult of the White Hands grows bitter with the shame of her unconsummated marriage; looking out over the British channel she vows, in the poem's third dramatic monologue, that she will take revenge upon her husband by whatever means fate will give her.
VIII. The Last Pilgrimage
Also Tristram and Iseult's second brief stay together comes to an end: Tristram is called upon by King Arthur to defeat the Giant Urgan, and Isuelt is called back to Tintagel by her husband King Mark. Tristram defeats Urgan and sets sail once more for the coast of Brittany, leaving behind him for the last time the shores of Britain. In Brittany he is immediately met by a knight who is also called Tristram and who implores him to help him free his love from the hands of eight felonious knights. Tristram accepts his plea and the two name-fellows decide to waylay the eight knights besides the sea, where they will pass the following morning. While they lie in waiting, Tristram is roused by the dawn and, throwing off his clothes, he meets the ocean for a last glorious swim. He then defeats the evil knights but is wounded fatally in the event, and only with great difficulty does he manage to reach the castle where his wedded wife, Iseult of the White Hands, awaits him.
IX. The Sailing of the Swan
The poem's last canto begins with a long hymn to fate, and tells of the final fortunes of Tristram and Iseult. The former is so sore wounded that only Isuelt of Ireland's healing skills can now give him any help. Ganhardine decides to set sail for Tintagel to bring Isuelt of Ireland to the wounded Tristram, and they agree that Ganhardine will hoist a white sail if he returns with Iseult on board, and a black one if he returns alone. In the end he does return to Brittany with Iseult and a white sail, but Iseult of the White Hands takes her final revenge and tells Tristram that the returning sail is black instead, upon which he dies immediately. When Iseult arrives and sees her lover newly dead, she bends over him, kisses him one last time, and dies from grief. The lovers are then buried by King Mark, who finally discovers the cause of their love and pardons them. Their grave in turn is swallowed by the ocean where they find their final rest.

</doc>
<doc id="20644635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644635" title="Bajada (festival)">
Bajada (festival)

"Bajada" is the shortened version of the "Fiestas de la Bajada" which is a festival which takes place
in several places in the Canary Islands. "Bajada" is Spanish for "bringing down", and means the bringing of a patron saint's statue from its normal place in a chapel to be celebrated by the people.

</doc>
<doc id="20644647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644647" title="Kota Mizunuma">
Kota Mizunuma


</doc>
<doc id="20644653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644653" title="Carbon Motors Corporation">
Carbon Motors Corporation

Carbon Motors Corporation was an American automotive corporation that developed a purpose-built police car. Founded in Los Angeles, California, by Stacy Dean Stephens and William Santana Li (a former police officer and former Ford executive, respectively) in 2003, the company moved to Atlanta, Georgia, in 2006, where it continued to develop its product and gain investors. In July 2009, the company relocated their headquarters to Connersville, Indiana, with plans to invest $350 million into converting a former Visteon plant there.
On March 22, 2010, Carbon Motors signed a contract with BMW for the delivery of 240,000 six-cylinder diesel engines.
On March 7, 2012, media reported that the U.S. government's Department of Energy had denied a loan request of $310 million applied for under the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing program with Energy Secretary Steven Chu stating that while the DOE would have liked to approve the loan, there was "a responsibility to the taxpayers and they need to make sure it’s written in the statute that there's a reasonable chance of repayment." Carbon Motors officials had worked with the DOE for over the prior two years to address concerns over Carbon Motors' plans. Carbon Motors criticized the Department of Energy's reasons for refusing the loan as politically motivated and related to the 2012 elections. Another Indiana startup, Bright Automotive, was forced to end operations the week before after applying for the same loan in 2008 and being unable to continue waiting for the DOE to act on the application. On March 13, 2012, Secretary Chu testified before a Senate hearing partly related to claims made by Carbon Motors CEO William Santana Li regarding the politicization of loans granted by the Department of Energy stating "Politics is not a factor, period. It has to do with the finances of the company, the viability of the loan."
In early March 2013, Carbon Motors began to remove equipment and vacate the plant in Connersville. The lease on the plant was allowed to expire on March 31, 2013. The company's website and Youtube channel were taken down around the same time. By April 2013, the company effectively shut down.
On May 22, 2013, three former Carbon Motors executives filed a lawsuit against the company for unpaid, deferred wages. 
The E7.
Carbon Motors was formed to develop and produce the E7, the first purpose-built police car ever made. The E7 was to be only available for law enforcement agencies to purchase. The prototype was first revealed in 2008 on the "Pure Justice" tour. The E7 had an expected release date of 2012. It was designed in part by American law enforcement officers for the sole purpose of producing a vehicle to be most effective to police. The company stated that, in order to keep the vehicle out of private ownership, when an agency wishes to dispose of an E7, it would either be sold to another law enforcement agency or returned to the factory to be parted out. The price was intended to be "competitive" considering the cost of equipping a conventional car for police work and how long each vehicle lasts. The Carbon E7 was to be built to last 250,000 miles, compared with 75,000 to 120,000 miles for the typical patrol car.
Specifications.
The vehicle was to be equipped with a BMW straight-six turbo-diesel engine, which is more fuel efficient than current gasoline engine police car engines. It was designed to be rear wheel drive, have a six-speed automatic transmission, be governed to a top speed of 155 mph, and accelerate from 0-60 mph in 6.5 seconds. It also featured numerous safety features, including 75 mph rear-impact crash capability, and optional ballistic protection panels. The vehicle also had law enforcement equipment designed into the vehicle intended to be installed during production so agencies wouldn't need to purchase equipment from other companies and then install them on the vehicle. The front seats of the E7 were designed for comfort while wearing a duty belt.
Equipment.
According to Carbon Motors Corporation, the E7 was to have numerous features and options available, including:
In popular culture.
The Carbon E7 is featured in the 2010 video game "" as one of the vehicles available for use when playing as a police officer. While all other playable vehicles (such as the Ford Crown Victoria, Chevrolet Caprice, Dodge Charger, and other well-known vehicles) have performance statistics such as top speed listed, most of the E7's statistics are listed as "CLASSIFIED". The E7 is also available in "Car Town" as a limited buyable car.
References.
http://www.carbonmotors.com/news-releases/list/2

</doc>
<doc id="20644657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644657" title="University Hospital Dresden">
University Hospital Dresden

The University Hospital "Carl Gustav Carus", (Universitätsklinikum Dresden) is a statutory body of the Free State of Saxony and the largest hospital of the Saxon capital Dresden. It is the teaching hospital of the Dresden University of Technology (TU Dresden). Until 1 October 1993, the Clinical Centre together with the Faculty of Medicine at the TU Dresden constituted the Medical Academy. In habitual language use, the abbreviation MedAk is still common. Dresden has one of two hospitals of maximal care in Saxony besides the Universitätsklinikum Leipzig.
History.
The beginning of medical education in Dresden dates back until the mid of the 18th century. 1748, the Collegium Medico Chirurgicum was established to communicate basic medical knowledge to military surgeons. In 1815, King Frederick Augustus I of Saxony endowed the Surgical-Medical Academy (Königlich Chirurgisch-Medicinische Akademie), where Carl Gustav Carus (1789–1869) taught as a professor for obstetrics. It existed until 1864.The foundation took place 13 years before the Royal Technical Educational Institution (Königlich-Technische Bildungsanstalt), the historic core of the Dresden University of Technology and three years after the foundation of the Faculty of Forestry, the oldest part of the TU Dresden. The academy was originally located in the Kurländer Palais opposite the Albertinum in the inner city. At this time the Technical Educational Institution was situated not for away within a pavilion at Bruehl’s Terrace.
On 2 December 1901 the Town Hospital Dresden-Johannstadt was established with the departments of surgery, internal medicine and ophthalmology. The new founding became necessary, because the number of inhabitants had doubled from 1875 until the turn of the millennium. In 1903, new buildings for the Royal Women’s Clinic at today’s Pfotenhauerstraße and Fetscherstraße were added. In the 20s and 30s, outstanding medicals worked at this hospital such as Erich Saupe, the director of the Radiological Therapeutic Institute, or the internist Otto Rostoski, who created Europe’s first acute diabetes ward in 1924. The world’s first nursery, founded 1898 in Dresden by Arthur Schlossmann, moved into the new children’s clinic by 1930. One of the main founders of the academy was the surgeon Albert Fromme, who also became first rector.
During the air raids of 13th and 14 February 1945, parts of the hospital were heavily destroyed. The bigger part of the buildings, which were erected 1901 after plans of the town’s councillor for construction Edmund Bräter in pavilion style, were rebuilt. The pavilion style describes the arrangement of buildings in U-shape around central parkways. Today the campus is under preservation order.
On 7 September 1954 the Medical Academy as part of the Johannstadt Hospital opened its gates. By mid of September, the first students enrolled. From 1954 until 1993 over 6,000 physicians and dentists received their clinical education. The academy grew to one of the leading medical schools in the GDR.
On 1 October 1990 the Medical Academy was integrated into the University of Technology Dresden as a Faculty of Medicine. The hospital is now a public institution of the Free State of Saxony. The campus is being expanded since 1990. The surgical emergency department and the Children- and Women’s Centre have moved into modern buildings. In 2010 the new Diagnostic-Internal-Neurological Centre will be inaugurated.
Facts.
In 2007, the hospital offered 1220 beds and treated 56.900 in-patient cases and 241.000 out-patient cases. There is an average length of stay for full in-patients of 7.56 days. The hospital is issuing an annual financial report. Accordingly, it had earnings of 267.1 Mill Euro and an overall result of 5.341 Mill Euro. The hospital employs 700 doctors and 1600 nurses. 2,100 students study and work in the hospital. At the Medical Vocational School 500 apprentices are preparing themselves for their work as medical professionals.
The hospital is run by a medical and financial CEO, Prof. Michael Albrecht and Mr. Wilfried Winzer. The board consists also of members of the Saxon government and of the University of Technology Dresden.
Location.
The hospital is situated in the Johannstadt part of the city, in the suburb east of the old town, between the Großer Garten park and the river Elbe. The facilities of the Faculty of Medicine and other administrational institutions are right are part of the hospital campus. The Max-Planck-Institute for molecular cell biology and genetics borders at the northeast. Alongside its western borders runs Fetscherstraße.
External links.
Universitätsklinikum Dresden: http://www.uniklinikum-dresden.de
Faculty of Medicine at the University of Technology Dresden: http://tu-dresden.de/die_tu_dresden/fakultaeten/medizinische_fakultaet

</doc>
<doc id="20644659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644659" title="Rino Piccolo">
Rino Piccolo

Rino Piccolo (born February 14) is an international film producer, and film commissioner. Through his academic studies he achieved a doctoral degree in Business Economics at the University of Federico II in Naples, and a diploma at the Università popolare dello spettacolo, a three years theater and arts school.
Biography.
In 1994 Piccolo experienced the Actors Studio under such moderators as Sidney Pollack, Barry Primus, Anthony Franciosa, Martin Landau, Mark Rydell and Shelly Winters. Between 1994 and 1996 produced three short films, amongst which "La Promessa" received a grant from the Italian Ministry of Cultural Affairs as a short film of national "cultural interest".
In 1998 Piccolo was one of the first to establish a film commission in Italy (Campania Film Commission), giving support and assisting international film productions including ', ', "The Talented Mr. Ripley", "The Sopranos", and "The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou".
In 2001 Piccolo was appointed as Italian Film Commission's and cinema delegate to present to the Indian Government the new national agreement between the two countries and promote new opportunities of international development. While in Italy he has the opportunity to specialize in documentary production, assisting many BBC, National Geographic Channel and Discovery Channel projects including "Pompeii", "Oceans", "Caravaggio", and "Naked Earth: Volcanoes".
In 2002, amongst other Italian film commissioners, Piccolo founded the first Association of Italian Film Commissions. He has been elected vice-president twice in a row. The same year he was elected director of the Association of Film Commissioners International; in 2004 he was re-elected. While in that position he has elaborated international educational programs for upcoming Film Commissioners in different countries of the world. In the next two years he conducted seminars on "Film induced economy/tourism" and organized film trade shows internationally.
In 2007 he was appointed as General Director of the Provincial Latina Film Commission in the region of Lazio in Italy. In 2008 he established the first "Latina Film Fund" addressed to national and international documentary filmmakers. In 2009 he collaborated to the publishing of the book "Latina. Terra di Cinema", a review of all films produced in the province of Latina. As a producer, in 2010 he was involved in the international production of "Maradona" by Emir Kusturica. Also in 2010, he presided commissions for a few film festivals in Italy.
In 2012 has been selected as a "Film Tourism" expert to be a Speaker at the AFCI Cineposium held in Cheungpung, South Korea. In 2013 has presented the new Region of Lazio 15 million euro "Audiovisual fund" to the Spanish film Industry at the Italian Embassy in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20644665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644665" title="742d Missile Squadron">
742d Missile Squadron

The 742d Missile Squadron (742 MS) is part of the 91st Missile Wing based at Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota. It operates Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
History.
World War II.
Established as a B-24 Liberator heavy bombardment unit in mid-1943; assigned to II Bomber Command for training. Primarily trained in New Mexico and Utah received deployment orders for the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO) in November 1943. Moved to Virginia where the group flew long-range convoy escort missions over the Mid-Atlantic, October–November 1943 while station in Italy was being constructed.
Deployed to Southern Italy in January 1944; entered combat in January 1944, being assigned to Fifteenth Air Force. Engaged in very long range strategic bombing missions to enemy military, industrial and transportation targets in Italy, France, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Romania, and Yugoslavia, bombing railroad marshalling yards, oil refineries, airdrome installations, heavy industry, and other strategic objectives. 
In addition to strategic missions in the Balkans, the group bombed troop concentrations, bridges, marshalling yards, and airdromes during the fall of 1944 to hamper the enemy’s withdrawal from the
region. The group also supported ground forces at Anzio and Cassino in March 1944; knocked out gun positions in preparation for the invasion of Southern France in August 1944; and assisted the final Allied drive through Italy in April 1945 by hitting such targets as bridges, gun positions, and
troop concentrations.
Remained in Italy after the German Capitulation in May, although unit personnel were demobilized throughout the summer of 1945. Group was inactivated in Italy on 9 September 1945.
Reactivated in the Air Force Reserve in 1947 with B-29 Superfortresses. Trained at Hensley Field, Texas. Inactivated in 1949 due to budget restrictions.
Tactical Air Command.
Allocated to Tactical Air Command during the 1950s. Activated at Myrtle Beach AFB, South Carolina in 1956 as part of a second Fighter-Day Group planned for the new installation. Some personnel were assigned but never became operational with aircraft. Inactivated in July 1957 due to budget restrictions; personnel assigned were reassigned to 354th Fighter-Day Group.
Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Squadron.
Reactivated on 1 Nov 1962 as an ICBM squadron assigned to the 455th Strategic Missile Wing at Minot AFB, North Dakota. Initially equipped with 50 LGM-30B Minuteman Is in 1963. Reassigned to 91st Strategic Missile Wing in 1968. Upgraded to LGM-30G Minuteman III in 1968/1969, has maintained ICBMs on alert ever since.
Aircraft and missiles.
742d Missile Squadron Launch Facilities

</doc>
<doc id="20644677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644677" title="Berkshire Country Day School">
Berkshire Country Day School

Berkshire Country Day (BCD) is an independent school for students in pre-kindergarten through ninth grades. It is located in Berkshire County, Massachusetts near the town of Lenox.
History.
BCD was founded in 1946 by a group of local parents who wanted to give their children a certain style of education which they felt was not available in the area. It began with 12 students in one building on the campus of the Lenox School for Boys, an Episcopal all-boys boarding school. Initially, the school covered only grades 1-6 and tuition ranged from only $150 to $310, depending on the grade. In 1957, the school expanded to include a seventh and eighth grade and kindergarten and preschool, and moved into two new buildings. The school's main building, housing the pre-k through sixth grade, was moved to the Starks' former family home on Walker Street in Lenox. The seventh and eighth grade, on the other hand, were housed in Bassett Hall, a building close by, which is now Kemble Inn. BCD's enrollment soared from 58 students in 1958 to 183 in 1963. 
Then, in 1963, the school purchased its current campus, the Brook Farm Campus. Initially, the campus was only used by the younger students for classes, while the older students continued using the Walker Street Building, but frequenting the new campus for sports and co-curricular activities. However, this arrangement lasted for only a year, as the Walker Street building was destroyed in a fire. In the academic year 1967-'68, the school again expanded to include a ninth grade. In 2000, the school opened Berkshire Country Day Secondary School (BCD2s), a high school division of the school consisting of grades 9-12. BCD's ninth grade was separated from BCD and became a part of BCD2s. The high school was located on Winthrop Campus, the Boston University Tanglewood Institute which the school rented from Boston University during the academic year. However, in June 2007 at the end of the academic year, BCD2s was closed—although the ninth grade class option was kept and added back to the BCD student body. Currently the school solely resides at its Brook Farm campus, serving students in Pre-K through ninth grade. Even though the Winthrop Campus is no longer used by the school, BCD is still permitted by Boston University to use the West St. Theater for its upper school theater productions, talent show, and film festival.
Brook Farm Campus.
Berkshire Country Day School is currently wholly located at its Brook Farm campus near Lenox, Massachusetts. The campus dates back to the 1890s and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as it was once a working farm on Anson Phelps Stokes' Shadowbrook estate. Mr. Stokes built the 1,000 acre estate, complete with its mansion that encompassed 100 rooms and stretched 410 feet, as a summer cottage in 1892–1896. However, after only ten years (in 1906) the family sold the estate to Mr. Spencer Shotter. It was then leased to Mrs. Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt in 1916 and 1917 before being sold to Mr. Andrew Carnegie. Mr. Carnegie inhabited the estate until 1919 when he passed. The New England Province of the Society of Jesus purchased the estate in 1922 and used it as their seminary. Unfortunately, in 1956 the entire Shadowbook mansion burned to the ground in a tragic fire. The Society rebuilt a new brick building on the site of the previous mansion and maintained it for their society until 1970. The estate laid vacant until 1983, when the Kripalu Center purchased the mansion's section of the property.
Meanwhile, the farm section of the ex-estate had been passed down through the family to Stokes' son, Anson Phelps Stokes, Jr., who lived there with his family. The old Shadowbrook farm is now the current campus of BCD. It consists of the original farm buildings, as well as new additions recently built. The fields that were once farmed and used for animal pasture are now sports fields and playgrounds, and much of the woodland is traced with hiking trails. Also, in 1972, a house for the head of school was built at the rear of the property.
Art.
The many different arts courses offered to the classes at BCD range from regular art and music classes to classes such as Black and White Photography and Caribbean Music. Kids in Pre-K, Kindergarten, and grades 1-6 participate in art, music, and chorus classes two times a week (per class) throughout the course of the year. The middle schoolers (grades 4-6) also partake on Shop/Pottery class. and have the option of participating in the Middle School Band.
Once in grades 7-9, kids are able to choose from a list of arts classes two courses to study for their "Arts Blocks" periods, the two last periods of the day on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Students take two Arts Block courses for the first two trimesters of the year, and then at the beginning of the spring trimester the first two classes finish, and the students choose two new classes for the spring trimester.
Division structure.
The school is sectioned into four divisions:
Early Childhood includes the Pre-Kindergarten (B3s, B4s) and Kindergarten. Their main classrooms are located in Albright Building, whose upper floor also serves as the Administrative Offices.
The lower school includes grades 1, 2, and 3 and is based in Oakes Building, which also includes the school's Technology Classroom. They also have classes in Furey Hall, Piaseckis, Fitzpatrick, Albright, Peterson, and Sesl.
Grades 4, 5, and 6 constitute the Middle School of BCD. The Middle School grades' homerooms are located in Peterson, thought they use most of the same classrooms as the Upper School-ers, alternating between Peterson, Ryan, and Piaseckis for their academic classes and Fitzpatrick, Oakes, Clemens, Albright, and Furey Hall for arts and technology classes.
BCD's Upper School consists of its 7th and 8th graders as well as its Senior class, the 9th grade. These three grades have their homerooms in Ryan as well as some of their classes, but they also have classes in Furey Hall, Peterson, Piaseckis, Oakes, and Clemens.

</doc>
<doc id="20644678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644678" title="Scindia Ghat">
Scindia Ghat

Scindia Ghat (also called Scindias and Shinde) borders Manikarnik, India to the north, with its Shiva temple lying partially submerged in the Ganges River as a result of excessive weight of the ghats' construction, about 150 years ago. The ghat is named after the Scindias, whose built it. Above the ghat, several of Kashi’s most influential shrines are located within the tight maze of alleys of Siddha Kshetra (Field of Fulfillment). According to mythology, Agni, the Hindu God of Fire was born here. Hindu devotees propitiate at this place to Vireshwara, the Lord of all heroes, for a son.

</doc>
<doc id="20644692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644692" title="Takahiro Izutani">
Takahiro Izutani

Takahiro Izutani (イズタニ タカヒロ "Izutani Takahiro"
born October 7, 1967, in Yokohama, Japan) is a composer of video game music and a guitarist.
Profile.
In 1997 his avant-garde rock band "Happy Family" released an album, "Toscco" on Cuneiform Records in the U.S. (http://cuneiformrecords.com/bandshtml/happyfamily.html) "Happy Family" collaborated with many underground artists in Japan, New York and Europe. Afterwards Izutani began to work for major Japanese labels. He remixed (occasionally as Brent Mini) and produced the songs of many pop artists (Ayumi Hamasaki is the most famous one). In 2006 he started his personal band DUGO, and the track "Dublin" was used for , Season 3.
Works.
Video Games
Japanese Anime

</doc>
<doc id="20644695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644695" title="Stardumb Records">
Stardumb Records

Stardumb Records is an independent record label based in Rotterdam, The Netherlands.
History.
Stardumb Records started its operation in 2000. Their first release was a 7-inch by local band The Apers, and releases by similar pop punk bands inspired by the
sound of Lookout! Records artists followed. Their roster included Italy's The Manges, and Retarded, and the UK's Zatopeks while they also released records by US bands like The Groovie Ghoulies, The Methadones and The Queers, as well as Darlington (singer). Stardumb is the best known European label for this type of music. Their releases have been reviewed by numerous publications.

</doc>
<doc id="20644699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644699" title="Low plasticity burnishing">
Low plasticity burnishing

Low plasticity burnishing (LPB) is a method of metal improvement that provides deep, stable surface compressive residual stresses with little cold work for improved damage tolerance and metal fatigue life extension. Improved fretting fatigue and stress corrosion performance has been documented, even at elevated temperatures where the compression from other metal improvement processes relax. The resulting deep layer of compressive residual stress has also been shown to improve high cycle fatigue (HCF) and low cycle fatigue (LCF) performance.
History.
Unlike LPB, traditional burnishing tools consist of a hard wheel or fixed lubricated ball pressed into the surface of an asymmetrical work piece with sufficient force to deform the surface layers, usually in a lathe. The process does multiple passes over the work pieces, usually under increasing load, to improve surface finish and deliberately cold work the surface. Roller and ball burnishing have been studied in Russia and Japan, and were applied most extensively in the USSR in the 1970s. Various burnishing methods are used, particularly in Eastern Europe, to improve fatigue life. Improvements in HCF, corrosion fatigue and SCC are documented, with fatigue strength enhancement attributed to improved finish, the development of a compressive surface layer, and the increased yield strength of the cold worked surface. 
LPB was developed and patented by Lambda Technologies, a small family-owned company from Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1996. Since then, LPB has been developed to produce compression in a wide array of materials to mitigate surface damage, including fretting, corrosion pitting, stress corrosion cracking (SCC), and foreign object damage (FOD), and is being employed to aid in daily MRO operations. To this day, LPB is the "only" metal improvement method applied under continuous closed-loop process control and has been successfully applied to turbine engines, piston engines, propellers, aging aircraft structures, landing gear, nuclear waste material containers, biomedical implants and welded joints. The applications involved titanium, iron, nickel and steel-based components and showed improved damage tolerance as well as high and low cycle fatigue performance by an order of magnitude.
How it works.
The basic LPB tool is a ball that is supported in a spherical hydrostatic bearing. The tool can be held in any CNC machine or by industrial robots, depending on the application. The machine tool coolant is used to pressurize the bearing with a continuous flow of fluid to support the ball. The ball does not contact the mechanical bearing seat, even under load. The ball is loaded at a normal state to the surface of a component with a hydraulic cylinder that is in the body of the tool. LPB can be performed in conjunction with chip forming machining operations in the same CNC machining tool. 
The ball rolls across the surface of a component in a pattern defined in the CNC code, as in any machining operation. The tool path and normal pressure applied are designed to create a distribution of compressive residual stress. The form of the distribution is designed to counter applied stresses and optimize fatigue and stress corrosion performance. Since there is no shear being applied to the ball, it is free to roll in any direction. As the ball rolls over the component, the pressure from the ball causes plastic deformation to occur in the surface of the material under the ball. Since the bulk of the material constrains the deformed area, the deformed zone is left in compression after the ball passes.
Benefits.
The LPB process includes a unique and patented way of analyzing, designing, and testing metallic components in order to develop the unique metal treatment necessary to improve performance and reduce metal fatigue, SCC, and corrosion fatigue failures. Lambda designs a new tool for each component to provide the best results possible and to ensure that the apparatus reaches every inch on the component. With this practice of constantly redesigning, along with the closed-loop process control system, LPB has been shown to produce a maximum compression of 12mm, although the average is around 1-7+mm. LPB has even been shown to have the ability to produce through-thickness compression in blades and vanes, greatly increasing their damage tolerance over 10-fold, effectively mitigating most FOD and reducing inspection requirements. No material is removed during this process, even when correcting corrosion damage. LPB smooths surface asperities during machining, leaving an improved, almost mirror-like surface finish that is vastly better looking and better protected than even a newly manufactured component.
Cold working.
The cold work produced from this process is typically minimal, a great deal less than shot peening, laser peening, gravity peening or deep rolling. Cold work is particularly important because the higher the cold work at the surface of a component, the more vulnerable to elevated temperatures and mechanical overload that component will be and the easier the beneficial surface residual compression will relax, rendering the treatment pointless. In other words, a component that has been highly cold worked will not hold the compression if it comes into contact with extreme heat, like an engine, and will be just as vulnerable as it was to start. The reason LPB produces such low percentages of cold work is because of the aforementioned closed-loop process control. Other processes have some guesswork involved and are not exact at all, causing the procedure to have to be performed multiple times on one component. For example, shot peening, in order to make sure every spot on the component is treated, typically specifies coverage of between 200% (2T) and 400% (4T). This means that at 200% coverage (2T), 5 or more impacts occur at 84% of locations and at 400% coverage (4T), it is significantly more. The problem is that one area will be hit several times while the area next to it is hit less times, leaving uneven compression at the surface. This uneven compression results in the whole process being easily "undone", as was mentioned above. LPB requires only one pass with the tool and leaves a deep, even, beneficial compressive stress. 
The LPB process can be performed on-site in the shop or in situ on aircraft using robots, making it easy to incorporate into everyday maintenance and manufacturing procedures. The method is applied under continuous closed loop process control (CLPC), creating accuracy within 0.1% and alerting the operator and QA immediately if the processing bounds are exceeded. The limitation of this process is that different CNC processing codes need to be developed for each application, just like any other machining task. The other issue is that because of dimensional restrictions, it may not be possible to create the tools necessary to work on certain geometries, although that has yet to be a problem.

</doc>
<doc id="20644702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644702" title="Graduation Day (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)">
Graduation Day (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)

"Graduation Day" is the season finale of the WB Television Network's third season of the drama television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", consisting of the twenty-first and twenty-second episodes. They are also the fifty-fifth and fifty-sixth episodes of the show overall. The two constituent episodes were split into two broadcasts; "Part 1" first aired on May 18, 1999 and "Part 2" first aired on July 13, 1999. The second part was to originally be aired on May 25, 1999 however was postponed due to the episode's content and the occurrence of the Columbine High School shootings one month prior. The episodes were written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon.
The episodes are the last to feature Angel (David Boreanaz) as a series regular due to the character starring in the spin-off series "Angel". Fellow series regular Cordelia Chase (Charisma Carpenter)—who had been with the show since its first episode—also left the series to star alongside Boreanaz.
The first part, which featured a fight between Buffy and Faith, was included in BuddyTV's 10 favorite catfights on television.
Plot.
Part 1.
The episode opens with the gang preparing for their graduation: Cordelia and Xander discuss the color of their gowns, and Willow speaks to Buffy about all she'll miss about high school. Buffy is considering skipping graduation to fight Mayor Wilkins, until Xander joins them and informs the two that he's to be the commencement speaker at graduation. Faith visits college professor Lester Worth on behalf of the Mayor, and kills him. She reports the kill to the Mayor, who has Faith change into a dress and tells her the ascension is her day as well as his. In class, Anya speaks to Xander and, when he mentions the ascension, her expression becomes grave.
In the library, Buffy shows Giles and Wesley the newspaper which details the murder of Worth. Buffy suspects Faith to be the culprit and the three agree the professor must have known something the Mayor wanted kept secret. Xander and Anya arrive, Anya having experienced a previous ascension. She tells them about a sorcerer who became the pure-demon Lohesh - unlike human-demon hybrids like vampires, pure-demons are much stronger and much larger. The Mayor waltzes in to the library and smugly comments that he'll eat Buffy come graduation day. Upon hearing this Giles, in a fit of rage, stabs him with a sword; but the Mayor is unharmed, and merely scolds Giles for his impetuous violence – a bad example in the presence of children. He leaves with the cheery promise that some of their deaths will be quick.
At home, Buffy packs a suitcase for Joyce and convinces her to leave town for safety. Willow vents her worries to Oz, and chides him for his detachment; panic would be a more normal human response. Oz interrupts her with a passionate kiss, and when Willow asks what he's doing, he replies that he is "panicking". The two finally consummate their relationship.
Buffy and Angel discuss Worth's work, which Buffy doesn't understand. The two discuss the confusing nature of their relationship, when Angel is struck in the back by an arrow fired by Faith, which misses his heart. At the library, the arrow is removed, and Giles and Wesley go over Mr. Worth's files, which indicate that Worth found a gigantic carcass underneath the rubble of a volcanic eruption, which he believed may have been a new type of dinosaur. The group assumes this must be some sort of demon, when Angel falls to the ground - the arrow has been poisoned with a toxin fatal to vampires. Faith reports her attack to the Mayor, and amuses him with a few stories from her childhood before he continues preparations for the ascension. Wesley tells Buffy the Watcher's Council refuses to help Angel because he is a vampire, but Willow's research reveals the poison has a cure - the blood of a Slayer.
Buffy arrives at Faith's apartment, and the two battle, eventually taking the fight to the roof. Meanwhile, Giles and Xander find that the Mayor will transform into the demon Olvikan, and find an unseen picture of him in a book - the illustration is four pages long. The Mayor is also alerted to the trouble at Faith's place. On the edge of the roof, Buffy stabs Faith with the knife Faith had received from the Mayor. Faith congratulates Buffy for killing her, then leaps off the roof onto a truck on the street below. The fall knocks her out, and Buffy watches as the truck carries her away.
Part 2.
Buffy leaves Faith's apartment after their battle, and the Mayor appears inside the broken window overlooking the roof and orders his minions to find Buffy and Faith. Xander and Giles are in the library, and Cordelia enters and demands to know what happened to Wesley, who is upset and leaving the country. Giles informs Cordy that Buffy has quit the council and no longer requires a watcher. Willow and Oz are watching over Angel, when Buffy arrives and sends them away. Buffy tells Angel that the only cure is the blood of a Slayer and that since he can't use Faith, he'll have to drink from her. Angel refuses and Buffy tries to persuade him that if he doesn't drink her blood, he'll die. Angel accepts this and stumbles away from Buffy, but she stops him and tells him she won't let him die. Angel begs her to not make him drink, but she punches him in the face, trying to turn him. When it doesn't work, she punches him two more times, the second turning him. She pulls Angel's head down to her neck and after a moment's hesitation, Angel bites her and starts drinking. He ends up taking too much and Buffy passes out just as Angel is able to stop himself from killing her. He rushes her to the hospital, where she is saved. In a nearby room, another doctor is informing the Mayor that Faith is in a coma. The Mayor overhears nurses talking about Buffy, and attempts to suffocate her before he is stopped by Angel and leaves.
In a dream, Buffy and Faith have an exchange in Faith's apartment. The two trade cryptic comments, and Faith assures Buffy she'll heal. She also tells Buffy that "human weakness never goes away, even his". Faith reaches up to stroke Buffy's face, thus awakening her. When she wakes she approaches her friends, ready to go to war with the Mayor. In the library, Buffy finishes detailing a plan (which the audience does not hear), and the gang agree the plan is crazy, but is their only option. Giles cautions that the plan is entirely contingent upon Buffy's ability to control the Mayor. Buffy explains what Faith had told her about human weakness, and Angel remembers that the Mayor was seriously grieving over Faith. Wesley arrives and says he is there to help of his own volition, not on behalf of the council. The Mayor and Buffy detail their respective plans to their allies, and Buffy's friends recruit other students to help. Wesley tells Cordelia that he will be returning to England following the ascension, saying he has no reason to stay now that Buffy has quit the council. The two kiss, but find it awkward and simply exchange goodbyes.
Buffy and Angel talk over weapons, and Angel tells Buffy he won't be saying good-bye after the battle. A grief-stricken Buffy unwraps the knife she used to stab Faith, still stained with her blood. The graduation ceremony begins and Principal Snyder welcomes the students before the Mayor takes the podium. The Mayor tells the students that it is the 100th anniversary of the founding of Sunnydale, and during the rest of his speech suddenly convulses. An eclipse begins, and the Mayor decides to skip the ending to his speech, and transforms into Olvikan, a giant snake-like demon. Everyone but the students scramble to flee, when Buffy yells "NOW!", and the entire student body removes their robes to reveal weapons and crosses, ready to fight - belying (three seasons of...) Sunnydale residents' typical state of denial when it comes to the paranormal. Xander and Angel lead the students into battle against the Mayor's vampires, and in the chaos the Mayor devours Snyder as he rages at him.
Buffy catches the Mayor's attention with Faith's knife, describing in graphic detail how she stabbed her. The Mayor chases Buffy through the school to the library, where all of the books have been removed and the room filled with explosives. Buffy dives out a window as the Mayor exclaims "well gosh!" Giles detonates the explosives, blowing up the school and killing the Mayor. EMTs and firefighters are now at the school helping the wounded, and Buffy is looking for Angel. Giles presents her with her diploma, rescued from the debris. He leaves and Buffy then sees Angel. The two of them share a final, longing look at each other before Angel turns and walks off while Buffy watches him go. The gang, minus Giles, gathers and Willow asks if she is okay, and Buffy says she is. Oz tells them all to take a moment to deal with what happened, that they all survived. Buffy agrees that it was a great battle, but Oz corrects her by saying they survived high school. The scene fades on a charred yearbook for Sunnydale Class of 1999.
Controversy.
During the time of its airing, the episode caused a great deal of controversy in the media. The Columbine High School massacre, only four weeks before the airing of Part One, was widely blamed on violence in entertainment. The WB Television Network had already pulled the plug on an earlier episode, "Earshot" (which itself was not aired until September), and feared that several scenes in "Graduation Day, Part Two" would provoke high school students to do the same thing, especially those depicting the entire graduating class handling weapons against the Mayor.
On May 25, 1999, only two hours before "Graduation Day, Part Two" was due to air, The WB suddenly decided to replace it with a re-run from earlier in the season. This sudden move received huge attention in the media and thousands of letters were sent to the network demanding that the season finale be shown. Sarah Michelle Gellar publicly spoke out against the decision, Seth Green agreed that the episode should have been broadcast in its original slot. The WB did not air the episode until July 13, 1999, almost two months after it was originally scheduled; since nearly all US schools end their term in May or June, it was then felt safe. The episode attracted 6.5 million viewers, atypically high for the WB during summer, and comparable to what the other episodes of the season had received.
As the episode was not delayed in Canada, many bootleg digital downloads were available.
Joss Whedon, the creator of the show, stated, "Bootleg the puppy."
"Buffy" novel "The Evil That Men Do" was also delayed due to the Columbine incident; it was published one year later than planned.

</doc>
<doc id="20644703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644703" title="Index of Saint Kitts and Nevis-related articles">
Index of Saint Kitts and Nevis-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

</doc>
<doc id="20644707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644707" title="Takashi Kanai">
Takashi Kanai

Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes Emperor's Cup.
2Includes J. League Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20644713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644713" title="2003 Texas Longhorns football team">
2003 Texas Longhorns football team

The 2003 Texas Longhorns football team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team was coached by head football coach Mack Brown and led on the field by Chance Mock and redshirt freshman quarterback Vince Young.

</doc>
<doc id="20644729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644729" title="Daniela Walkowiak-Pilecka">
Daniela Walkowiak-Pilecka

Daniela Walkowiak-Pilecka (born May 24, 1935) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at Rome in 1960. She was born in Łąki Wielkie.

</doc>
<doc id="20644766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644766" title="Adam Buszko">
Adam Buszko

ATF Sinner (born Adam Buszko April 19, 1975 in Warsaw), also known as Adam The First Sinner - Polish musician, vocalist, composer and multi-instrumentalist. He graduated in psychology at the University of Warsaw. 
Buszko is a guitarist, singer and songwriter of the death metal band Hate, which he formed in 1990 with the drummer Piotr Kozieradzki (Riverside) and guitarist Andrzej Kułakowski.
He also formed the industrial rock band Mothernight in which he performs under the stage name Deimos. In 2007 has recorded the "Mothernight" album with the band - released by Locomotive Records same year.
Discography.
Hate
Mothernight

</doc>
<doc id="20644771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644771" title="Minuscule 685">
Minuscule 685

Minuscule 685 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) ε 339 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on a parchment. It is dated palaeographically to the 13th century. Scrivener labelled it by 1147e. It contains marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 229 parchment leaves (24.2 cm by 16 cm). The leaves are not foliated. The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page in minuscule letters.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the left margin of the text, with their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top or bottom of the pages.
It contains prolegomena to the four Gospels, the tables of the κεφαλαια before each Gospel, lectionary markings at the margin for liturgical use, "incipits", αναγνωσεις ("lessons"), Synaxarion (liturgical book with hagiographies), subscriptions at the end of each of the Gospels, and numbers of stichoi to the Gospel of John.
The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is marked by an obelus.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it as a member of the textual family Kr. Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents family Kr in Luke 1, Luke 10, and Luke 20.
History.
Formerly the manuscript was held in London (Huth 354). The manuscript was digitized by the CSNTM in 2008.
It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (1147e) and Gregory (658e).
Actually the codex is housed at the University of Michigan (Ms. 151), in Ann Arbor.

</doc>
<doc id="20644783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644783" title="Index of Montserrat-related articles">
Index of Montserrat-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the British Overseas Territory of Montserrat.

</doc>
<doc id="20644786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644786" title="Generalist Genes Hypothesis">
Generalist Genes Hypothesis

The Generalist Genes Hypothesis of learning abilities and disabilities was conceived by Professor Robert Plomin, one of the 100 most eminent psychologists of the 20th century. The term was originally coined in an article by Plomin & Kovas (2005), published in Psychological Bulletin, one of the leading psychology journals (according to Web of Science’s Journal Citation Reports). 
The Generalist Genes Hypothesis suggests that most genes associated with common learning disabilities and abilities are generalist in three ways. 
The Generalist Genes Hypothesis has important implications for education, cognitive sciences and molecular genetics.

</doc>
<doc id="20644802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644802" title="Stage Society">
Stage Society

The Incorporated Stage Society, commonly known as the Stage Society, was an English theatre society with limited membership which mounted private Sunday performances of new and experimental plays, mainly at the Royal Court Theatre (whose Vedrenne-Barker management is said to have originated in the Society's work) but also at other London West End venues. Founded in 1899 "to regenerate the Drama", it followed the Independent Theatre Society in this activity. Its plays particularly included the first performances of plays that had been banned for public performance by the Lord Chamberlain. George Bernard Shaw, Harley Granville Barker, St. John Hankin, Gilbert Murray and Clifford Bax were all involved with the company.
Its council decided in 1930 that the rise of other groups like the Gate Theatre meant the Society's work was complete and, though a 1930 proposal for its dissolution was defeated, it fell into abeyance on the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939. Its aims were continued post-war by the English Stage Company, the resident company at the Royal Court Theatre.
Productions.
The Society produced over 200 plays by authors like Shaw, Gerhart Hauptmann, Anton Chekhov, Henrik Ibsen, Frank Wedekind and Jean Cocteau.

</doc>
<doc id="20644831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644831" title="Ziad Hamzeh">
Ziad Hamzeh

Ziad H Hamzeh (born 22 January 1959) is a Syrian-American film-maker. writer, producer and director. Ziad has made Boston, Massachusetts his home after relocating from Los Angeles. He is of Druze origin. Ziad is the producer of "Always Brando" with Marlon Brando. "Always Brando" is a story of innocence lost, of love abandoned and of dreams shattered as a young Tunisian look alike to Marlon Brando on a quest to reach the impossible dream in making it big in Hollywood.” The film premiered at 2011 Toronto Film Festival and winning Best Producer award at Abu Dhabi Film Festival as well as best director at Alexandria Film Festival.
Biography.
Hamzeh was born at Jabal ad-Duruz in Syria. He immigrated to the United States in 1979. After completing his studies, (BA in Theatre Arts from UMASS Boston, MA in writing and criticism from CSULA, and an MFA in Directing from CSUF), Hamzeh created two theatre companies in Los Angeles. As the artistic director of the Open Fist Theatre Company, he established a haven for artists.
His films and stage works have garnered many international awards. He received more than forty festival accolades including the Golden Palm for his film "Woman" at the Beverly Hills Film Festival. 
In Los Angeles, Mr Hamzeh created two theatres:The Open Fist Theatre Company and The Egyptian Arena. Hamzeh brought to the LA theatre community many prestigious international names such as Fernando Arrabal, Antonin Artaud, Beckett, Brecht, Churchill, Gretzky, and Federico García Lorca. He directed and or produced over sixty major award winning stage productions, among them Roxy Ventola’s After The Bomb, Brecht’s Baal, Sam Shepard’s True West, Arrabel’s Car Cemetery, Hamlet, Fassbinder’s The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant, Tennessee Williams’ Vieux Carre, Nicholas Kazan’s Blood Moon, Poor Murderer, The Architect and Empress of Assyria, Cinders, Low Level Panic, and Dusa, Fish, Stas, and Vi.
Ziad has also been teaching directing in the graduate and undergraduates programs at the Maine Media Workshops since 1995.
Film career.
As a director, Hamzeh has had many noteworthy films such as "". The story that was dubbed as the Somali Invasion of the USA by the media outlets. This controversial film about the influx of Muslim Somali immigrants to the USA in a post 9/11 world garnered powerful reviews and won numerous awards such as the BIFF Indie Spirit for Best Feature Documentary; it was honored as the opening film of the 2004 Amnesty International Film Festival. Other works include: "Shadow Glories" about down-and-out, middle-aged man, once contender for the world heavyweight kickboxing title, struggles to rebuild his shattered life as he makes his way back home to his lost love and his one last chance at resurrecting his tortured soul. Along the way, his newfound morals and ethics are put to the ultimate test when he agrees to train a fiery young martial artist to take on his archrival, the blood lusting, up-and-coming heavyweight kickboxing champion of the world. "Woman" featuring Bouthaina Shaaban is a feature-length film based on the writings, lectures, and life of Nobel Prize nominee, activist Bouthaina Shaaban as she fearlessly ignites awareness while advancing the cause of rights for Arab women - from securing formal acknowledgments throughout the Arab world that women should be afforded basic human rights, to waging an international battle defending the integrity of the real Arab female, all accomplished with the firm hand of diplomacy and the power of her pen. "Henry O!" the inspiring story of Henry Oliu, a man blind since birth, who has overcome all the odds and made his major league baseball dream come true. Calling upon his love for sports and an encyclopedic memory for facts and figures, Henry hears the crack of the bat and knows if it's a single, double, or home run; he listens for the ball singing into the catcher's mitt and knows if it's a curve ball, fastball, or change-up. Henry is the color analyst on Mega Classica 820 radio, WMGG, the strongest Hispanic station in Florida's Tampa Bay Market. And at his side in the broadcast booth above Tropicana Field, whispering in his ear up-to-the-minute stats and field action only the eyes can see, is the love of his life, his wife Deb. "Bleacher Boys", "Eternal Embrace", and Sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="20644836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644836" title="Index of Saint Lucia-related articles">
Index of Saint Lucia-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the nation of Saint Lucia.

</doc>
<doc id="20644842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644842" title="In the Icebound Hothouse">
In the Icebound Hothouse

In the Icebound Hothouse by William Goyen is a favorite short story included in "American Gothic Tales" edited by Joyce Carol Oates'.
Plot summary.
It's about a man, a poet, who seems to be growing mad and nearing insanity. He has lost his inspiration for poetry until, that is, he discovers the hothouse. He talks of a naked girl and a drunken nurseryman who both haunt his mind. He wonders how a person who tends to green plants and spend his days in a room full of life be such a drunk. Plants are peaceful and not intended to be cared for by people so dark and clumsy. The nurseryman haunts the madman. The man wants nothing more than to enter into the hothouse and be safe from the cold. Not only is the hothouse bounded by ice, with no way to get in, but the mans heart has also grown cold with no way to fill in the hole in his chest. All the man wants is to feel wanted. For days the nurseryman wouldn't let him in. From outside the man can see wonderful colors filling up the hothouse. Contrary to the outside, all frozen and cold and colorless. The man tries to get the nurseryman to let him in but he never does. The man becomes very enraged and feels very unwanted. suddenly, he sees a figure fall from the top of the biology lab that rose above the hothouse. The figure smashed right through the frozen glass of the hothouse. The pressure from the smash magically opened the door, so naturally the man waiting outside walked in. Finally being able to feel the warmth and see the colors was a big relief. But the figure? What was it? the man walked over and saw a naked girl. Perfect looking, even after the fall. She had long black hair and just a bit of blood coming from the corner of her mouth. The man wondered why she had jumped. Could she have been pushed, and why was she naked. Next thing he knew the nurseryman latched onto her and began rolling and tumbling over the naked girl. Then both of the bodies lay there almost as one and seemingly dead. The madman sits next to them and takes out the nurseryman's heart. Then the bodies are taken out and the madman returns to wherever he came from.

</doc>
<doc id="20644853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644853" title="First of the Fallen">
First of the Fallen

The First of the Fallen is a fictional demon published by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint. He debuted in "Hellblazer" #42 (June 1991), and was created by Garth Ennis and Will Simpson,
Publication history.
The First of the Fallen was introduced to be the iconic Vertigo Comics manifestation Devil, but due to continuity conflicts with Neil Gaiman's use of Lucifer in the "The Sandman" an alternate background had to be developed. Instead, he was revealed to be the first being created and the first to be banished to Hell—hence the First of the Fallen. Intended as a powerful antagonist for the lead character, John Constantine, the First proved to be a popular character and the majority of regular series writers since Ennis have used the character in one form or another.
The First of the Fallen was created by Garth Ennis and Will Simpson, appearing as an adversary to John Constantine, the lead character of the "Hellblazer" comic. In his first appearance, the First tried to claim the soul of a friend of Constantine's that had been sold to him, and was tricked (and assaulted) by Constantine, resulting in him missing his agreed-upon deadline. Later in the same storyline, he was shown as being one of a triumvirate of rulers in Hell—with the other two devils (the Second and Third of the Fallen) only having the power to defeat him if they acted together.
From his actions and his power, it was implied that the First was Satan or Lucifer, the Christian Devil. However, at the same time that Ennis introduced the First, Neil Gaiman used the character of Lucifer in his "" storyline for "The Sandman". In Gaiman's story, Lucifer was the sole ruler of Hell who decided to give up his position in order to travel the world, with the key to the gates of Hell eventually being returned to the representative of Heaven. Because of this, Ennis made it clear that the First of the Fallen, aka Satan, was a separate character; banished from Heaven prior to Lucifer's fall from whom Lucifer usurped Hell with his greater power and who reclaimed control following the Morningstar's abdication. How this ties in with the leadership of Hell as shown in Mike Carey's "Lucifer" spin-off series has not been clarified, but the First's status as separate to Lucifer was confirmed by the appearance of both in Carey's run writing "Hellblazer".
The battle between Constantine and the First became one of the recurring themes of Ennis' run on the comic, with his final climactic storyline involving Constantine's final victory and the First's death. However, the character's position in the "Hellblazer" universe was so assured that several of the writers who followed Ennis onto the comic found a variety of ways to reintroduce him, with Paul Jenkins' run on the comic restoring the First both to life and his throne.
Fictional character biography.
The being that would become the First of the Fallen was originally the first created being in the universe, created to be God's companion and the embodiment of His conscience. However, he soon came to believe that God was insane, and as a result was banished from Heaven and cast down to Hell - becoming the first of the many others who would fall. He was joined shortly afterwards by the Second and Third of the Fallen, who the First assumed were beings like him when in truth they were merely very powerful demons. On the basis of his misunderstanding, the First assumes that the Second and Third share his power and that the establishment of a ruling triumvirate is the only way to prevent a disastrous war in Hell. The triumvirate lasts only until the next banishee from Heaven arrives: Lucifer, the most powerful being in existence next to God. However, once Lucifer abdicates, the triumvirate resumed their former positions and delicate truce.
In his ongoing battle against God, the First became aware of another attempt by Heaven to birth a new Messiah and charged the demon Nergal with preventing it. Nergal succeeded in this by infecting a magician named John Constantine with its blood and blackmailing him into sleeping with the Messiah's intended mother, a pure innocent called Zed. Tainted by Nergal's demon blood, Zed became an unsuitable vessel for the Messiah, and Heaven's plans were defeated. However, the First discovered that Constantine was attempting to get the Messiah born through other means, acting as a surrogate father to the daughter of a plant elemental. Nergal attempted to prevent the birth, but was defeated by Constantine and then killed by the First on his return to Hell.
The First came into contact with John Constantine himself in Ireland, where the demon attended the death of an alcoholic who had sold his soul in exchange for the greatest collection of wine in the world. Constantine was also visiting his friend, trying to find a magical cure for his terminal lung cancer, and delayed the First in claiming the soul by tricking him into drinking holy water. This invoked a clause in the contract allowing the alcoholic's soul to go to heaven because it wasn't collected by midnight. The First decided to exact his revenge on Constantine once his cancer claimed his life - but when he came to claim the soul that was his "by right of insult", he found that Constantine had managed to sell his soul to both the Second and the Third of the Fallen. In order to prevent all out war over who would claim the soul, the triumvirate were forced to cure the magician's cancer and save his life; their meager consolation was to do this in the most painful manner imaginable. This only served to increase the First's lust for revenge against the mortal who had bested him.
Things only went worse as the First discovered that Constantine had a spy in hell, the succubus Ellie. In trying to punish the demon, the First was again bested by Constantine, which invoked an ancient law that a demon bested three times by a mortal would receive their torment instead. The First, being the most powerful being in hell at time, declined to receive Constantine's destined torment, but it didn't improve his disposition towards the magician. The First took this vendetta against Constantine extremely seriously: he once spent twenty years making nightly visits to a priest in an asylum, tormenting him to suicide simply to show Constantine the kind of torment that was awaiting him. The priest was pushed over the brink by hearing the First's confession that he had seen for himself that God was insane and so acted against His will.
The First continued to brood over Constantine, until he discovered the true nature of his "brothers" in the triumvirate. Realising that although they might be powerful, they ultimately shared the weaknesses of other demons, he destroyed them both and set about claiming Constantine's soul. Unfortunately, the whole plot turned out to be a long-con arranged by the magician: the First of the Fallen was killed by the succubus Ellie, wielding a knife made from the remains of the Second and Third of the Fallen. Instead of true death, however, the First was reincarnated as a Greek fisherman named Theo whilst retaining his memories of his previous existence. He grew close to defeating Constantine with the help of a demon named Buer, but although the First was restored to his previous life and position the magician still managed to escape damnation through more sneaky trickery. 
The First contented himself with occasionally tormenting Constantine, as the events slowly came into place to give the demon the closest thing to victory over Constantine that he ever achieved. The magician's plotting had left him and his friends with a magical taint that was slowly destroying their lives: the First removed this and saved Constantine's friends - at the price of his immortal soul. Constantine only managed to escape by convincing God to intercede on his behalf, denying the First of the satisfaction of complete victory.
Whilst his desire to obtain revenge on Constantine seemed to be sated, the First still enjoyed the opportunity of causing the magician pain wherever he could. He passed on the opportunity of purchasing Constantine (thinking that he wasn't being given the genuine article) but as a final twist of the knife convinced Cheryl Constantine to volunteer to remain suffering in Hell by taking half of her husband Tony's punishment, after her brother John had successfully arranged her freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="20644857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644857" title="Goodbye to the Machine">
Goodbye to the Machine

Goodbye to the Machine is the fifth studio album from the US band HURT, released on April 7, 2009, on the independent Amusement record label. The album was released in both CD and vinyl format. On February 3, 2009, the song "Wars" was released for download as a single. Each CD and vinyl comes with a unique code to download "ultra-high-quality MP3s sampled directly from the analog 1/2" master tapes," as well as bonus tracks, including "Flowers", "Another Time" and "That (Such a Thing) – Jazz Club Mix".
Personnel.
Personnel information from album liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="20644868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644868" title="Hilde Lauer">
Hilde Lauer

Hilde Lauer (born March 24, 1943) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, she won two medals with a silver in the K-1 500 m event and a bronze in the K-2 500 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="20644881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644881" title="Abdel-Halim Mahmoud">
Abdel-Halim Mahmoud

Sheikh Abdel-Halim Mahmoud () (12 May 1910 – 17 October 1978; 2 Jumaada al-awal 1328 A.H. - 14 The al-Qi`dah 1398 A.H.) served as Grand Imam of Al Azhar from 1973 until his death in 1978. He was known for his modernizing approach to teaching at Al Azhar, preaching moderation and embracing modern science as a religious duty.
For Mahmoud, "any reform -- whether on the personal level or on the level of society -- begins with science, be that science religious or material... Whether we begin the path of reform from the vantage point of theoretical science or from that of material or empirical science, our endeavours must be imbued with a purpose. This purpose is an Islamic obligation, as science must be the basis for the path towards God. Indeed, knowledge is a form of worship and a form of jihad."
During his tenure as Grand Imam, Al Azhar witnessed unprecedented reform and revival, including the introduction of new faculties, teaching methods and management style.
Sufism
Abdel-Halim Mahmoud is also remembered for reviving Sufism through his prolific writings and lectures on the matter.
"Abd al-Halim Mahmud (1910-1978) is remembered as the former rector of al-Azhar who wrote a great deal on Sufism. He is referred to by his honorific title, 'al-Ghazali, in 14th Century A.H.'2 , a title he was given because of his unique ability to integrate the exoteric and esoteric dimensions of Islam (which are often considered contradictory at first glance). He became influential in 1960-1970s, the Sadat period in which Islamic revivalism began its rise to prominence in Egypt."
"Abd al-Halim presents tasawwuf as a scientific method that would enable people to comprehend the ultimate reality. The essence of tasawwuf is defined as knowledge (ma`rifa) of the metaphysical domain. Metaphysics is the science of explaining the hidden aspects of God and clarifying his prophecies. He emphasised its distinction of 'mysticism'-he proposed that tasawwuf is not a mere superstitious method, but a field of science (Mahmud Al-Munqidh: 224-233). `Abd al-Halim cites `Abbas Mahmud al-`Aqqad (d. 1964) in saying that ma`rifa is an intellectual realm which neither physical science, cognition (fikr), nor various types of mental perception (basira etc.) have access to. Tasawwuf is the only science that can enter this realm, because although other sciences are bound to human capacity, tasawwuf is not (cited from ibid. 352-353)."
"Abd al-Halim's Sufism consists of three elements-`ilm, jihad, and `ubudiya. First was `ilm, the knowledge of Islamic Law. He emphasizes the significance of living according to shari`a, and stipulates that Islamic Law is to be understood and practiced accordingly. Moreover, he cites Abu Hamid al-Ghazali's work, which declares that God will bless those who acted according to their knowledge of Law-no matter how ignorant they might be-but would punish those who ignored the law irrespective of their knowledge4. Second is jihad, the effort to situate oneself within social reality and to solve the problems one faces. `Abd al-Halim's ideal image of Sufi is not exemplified through the concept of 'mystic' (those who live in seclusion, practicing asceticism). He states rather that Sufi must be committed to solving the problems of the time, and gives the example of `Abd al-Qadir al-Jazai'rli (d.1883), who fought for the defence of Algeria against France (ibid. 15-16). Third is `ubudiya, servitude to God: being correct and devoted. When `ubudiya is attained, ma`rifa is granted, and God showers the believer with Mercy (ibid. 12)".
Early life.
Abdel-Halim Mahmoud was born on 12 May 1910 in the village of Abou Ahmed (now Al Salam), in the Sharqia Governorate, 50 kilometers north east of Cairo, Egypt. He memorized the Qur'an at an early age and then started his studies at Al Azhar where he graduated in 1932. He then continued his studies in France, where he obtained a Doctorate degree in Philosophy from the Universite de Paris - La Sorbonne in 1940.
References.
Abdel-Halim Mahmoud Foundation

</doc>
<doc id="20644892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644892" title="Jouarre Abbey">
Jouarre Abbey

Jouarre Abbey ("Abbaye Notre-Dame de Jouarre") is a Benedictine abbey in Jouarre in the département of Seine-et-Marne.
History.
The Merovingian foundation of Abbess Theodochilde or Telchilde, was founded traditionally in 630, inspired by the visit of St. Columban, the travelling Irish monk who inspired monastic institution-building in the early seventh century. As part of its Celtic heritage, Jouarre was established as a "double community," i.e., a community of monks as well as nuns, both under the rule of the abbess, who in 1225 was granted immunity from interference by the bishop of Meaux, answering only to the pope.
The Merovingian (pre-Romanesque) crypt beneath the Romanesque abbey church contains a number of burials in sarcophagi, notably that of Theodochilde's brother, Agilbert (died 680), carved with a tableau of the Last Judgment and Christ in Majesty, highlights of pre-Romanesque sculpture. In the mid-ninth century the abbey acquired relics of St. Potentian; the relics assembled at Jouarre attracted pilgrims. The reputation of the house stood so high the abbey received a visit from Pope Innocent II in 1131 and was able to house a synod in 1133. The abbess's submission to the bishop of Meaux did not come about until Bossuet held the post in 1690.
The abbey is an important pilgrimage center. A fortified town was built around it and gave birth to the present city of Jouarre. 
At the time of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre (1572), the abbess Charlotte of Bourbon (1547–1582) converted to Protestantism and escaped from the abbey in a cart of hay, and fled to Germany. She married William I of Orange-Nassau.
The present monastery buildings, once again occupied by Benedictine nuns, date from the eighteenth century; their traditional vegetable and fruit garden ("potager") are notable.

</doc>
<doc id="20644894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644894" title="Lee Theodore">
Lee Theodore

Lee (Becker) Theodore (died September 3, 1987) was a Broadway director/choreographer and performer. Lee appeared as Anybodys in the original production of "West Side Story" and in "Tenderloin" and "The King And I". As a choreographer, Theodore created dances for "Baker Street", "Darling Of The Day", "Flora, The Red Menace" and in 1967, was nominated for the Tony Award for "The Apple Tree". Theodore founded and created The American Dance Machine, which was a living archive of Broadway theatre dance, with seasons on Broadway and international tours. She also choreographed the feature film, "Song Of Norway".

</doc>
<doc id="20644899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644899" title="Index of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines-related articles">
Index of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the nation of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

</doc>
<doc id="20644902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644902" title="Anthony Prospect">
Anthony Prospect

Guillermo Antonio Prospect (born February 10, 1928 – 2000) was a conductor and promoter of the Steelpan.
Person.
Prospect grew up in Port-of-Spain where he attended School and won a scholarship to study military bandmastership in England. He joined the Trinidad and Tobago Police Band in 1944 and retired in 1982. He won the Steelband Music Festival in 1982 with the Casablanca Steel Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="20644933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644933" title="Generation Magazine">
Generation Magazine

"Generation" is a student publication that operates out of the State University of New York at Buffalo in Buffalo, New York. Founded in 1984 by Eric Francis Coppolino, it is a fortnightly magazine with wide-ranging news, arts, literary and sports features concerning both campus and community events and issues. Before September 2009, Generation Magazine was a weekly magazine predominantly featuring news, multimedia review, and literary articles.
Beginning in its first year, "Generation" received numerous awards in the Columbia Scholastic Journalism Competition. 
The publication maintains a history of producing eleven issues per academic semester which are distributed throughout the greater Buffalo area as well as across campus. All staff members are currently undergraduate students, contributing to its self-proclaimed title as "The Student Voice Since 1984." However, the magazine traces its lineage back to the 1960s, and is the longest surviving and most successful in a series of student magazines on the campus.
"Generation"'s immediate predecessor was "The Current", which lost its funding and offices after illegally attempting to impeach Coppolino, then its managing editor, for publishing a satire on a conservative campus publication.
"Generation" has strict freedom of speech accommodations in its charter, which was written by Coppolino in the aftermath of "The Current" incident. "Generation"'s content is uncensored, often featuring crude language and humor in editorials and columns. In the past, its content included investigative features, news content, and feature stories. The magazine has always had an activist or advocacy journalism slant.
"Generation"'s fortnightly press run is 5,000 copies per issues over the 14 issue volume. It advertises itself as one of the largest student-run magazine on the East Coast of the United States. Before September 2009, the Generation printed 8,000 copies per issue over 22 issues. pro The publication has been involved in creating many auxiliary projects, including "Reach", the campus student handbook for many years.
It is published by I, Inc., the not-for-profit student services corporation at the university. Sub Board provides some funding and a business structure for the magazine.
Generation on hiatus.
At the end of the fall semester in 2008, Sub Board I, Inc. decided to pull "Generation"'s charter. Sub Board then elected a new editor in chief. "Generation" went through several name changes over the summer but was eventually renamed "Generation" shortly before the fall semester began.
Under the new editor in chief, the publication took on some drastic changes, including; making it into a biweekly publication, colorizing every page and making them glossy and removing the popular "I'm Right, You're Wrong" section and personals.
Sub-Board I, Inc. voted to suspend "Generation" for the rest of the fall semester on the day the first issue was released.
At the end of the fall semester in 2010, discussion of possibly moving the "Generation" into an online newspaper under the university's online undergraduate forum, AtTheBull.

</doc>
<doc id="20644936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644936" title="Thyholm (peninsula)">
Thyholm (peninsula)

Thyholm is a peninsula in Denmark located in Limfjorden north of Struer. It is connected by causeway with North Jutlandic Island and the rest of Thy. To the south, the Oddesund Bridge connects it to the rest of Jutland.
With an area of 7,624 ha, the peninsula has some 75 km of coastline and 3,582 inhabitants, of whom about half live in Hvidbjerg. 
The fertile soil has attracted inhabitants since the last ice age. Burial mounds can be seen in the countryside.
Thyholm is now part of Struer Municipality. Until 2006, Thyholm Municipality was the smallest in Denmark.
References.
This article is based on the text of the Danish Wikipedia article.

</doc>
<doc id="20644939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644939" title="Bargaining (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)">
Bargaining (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)

"Bargaining" is the two-part season premiere of the sixth season of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", consisting of the first and second episodes. They are also the 101st and 102nd episodes of the show overall. The two constituent episodes were both aired on October 2, 2001 on UPN. The episodes were written by Marti Noxon and David Fury and directed by David Grossman.
The Scooby Gang resurrect Buffy Summers (Sarah Michelle Gellar), after her death in the previous episode. Rupert Giles (Anthony Stewart Head) returns to England, and a group of biker demons wreak havoc on Sunnydale.
Plot.
Part 1.
With Buffy having been dead for five months, the Scooby Gang continue to patrol, led by Willow, whose power is progressing steadily. They use the often-imperfect Buffybot to conceal Buffy's death from any lurking enemies. Meanwhile, at the magic shop, Giles is packing up his items in preparation for his return to England. 
Willow announces plans to resurrect Buffy by magic, having found the last mystical artifact she needs on eBay. She conceals her intentions, however, from Giles, Spike and Dawn. A vampire survives his encounter with the Buffybot and realizes the real Slayer is gone. He tells a demon biker gang, which sets out to attack Sunnydale. Willow slaughters a baby deer in preparation for her ritual of resurrection. Giles leaves for England.
Willow, Xander, Anya, and Tara gather at Buffy's grave and Willow begins the ritual. As it progresses, the demon bikers wreak havoc in the town and damage the Buffybot when it intervenes. They trail the Buffybot as it tries to find Willow, interrupting the ritual at its conclusion. After the group scatters the bikers and leaves, convinced the ritual has failed, Buffy awakens, still buried in her coffin.
Part 2.
Xander carries Willow to the magic shop where Tara and Anya are to meet them. The demon bikers batter the Buffybot. The resurrected Buffy breaks out of her coffin and claws her way to the surface. Spike steals a motorcycle from a demon and rides off with Dawn, intent on escaping the demons still rampaging through Sunnydale.
The disoriented Buffy roams through the town, coming upon demon bikers as they complete the destruction of the Buffybot. As she flees them, she stumbles across Willow and her allies, but runs from them as well. As they pursue her, they are attacked by the demons, but Buffy turns and defeats them. Spike and Dawn find the head of the destroyed Buffybot. As Spike tries to reassemble it, the head suggests to Dawn the real Buffy has returned; distraught, she runs away.
Still not returned to rationality, Buffy returns alone to the site of her death, Glory's tower. Dawn finds her there, and climbs the unstable structure in pursuit. Buffy prepares to restage her death, but Dawn interrupts. Undissuaded, Buffy asks if she's in hell. As the tower collapses, Buffy's instinct to protect Dawn takes control, and she carries her sister down a rope to the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20644944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644944" title="Cash, Texas">
Cash, Texas

Cash is an unincorporated community in south central Hunt County, Texas, United States. It lies approximately five miles south of Greenville along State Highway 34. 
The community was established in the mid-1890s by Edward H.R. Green, president of the Texas Midland Railroad. Originally called Sylvia, the area developed into a farming center. An attempt by residents to change the settlement's name from Sylvia to Money after local store owner John A. Money was rejected by postal authorities and the name Cash was substituted. A post office branch opened in 1895 with John A. Money as postmaster.
As of 2000, there were approximately 56 residents living in Cash. The community has a small volunteer fire department. An attempt to incorporate Cash as a city proved unsuccessful. Of the 79 ballots cast in the November 3, 2009 election, 62 (78.48%) voted against incorporation with 17 (21.52%) in favor. A separate vote was held to select three members who would serve as commissioners had the incorporation measure been approved. The three candidates – Jeremy Williams, Jason B. Monroe, and Cody Baise – received 17, 13, and 11 votes, respectively. These results were voided since the incorporation vote failed.
Despite its rural location and distance from major cities, Cash and Hunt County are considered part of the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Education.
The Cash area is served by three Independent School Districts (ISDs): Boles, Greenville, and Quinlan.

</doc>
<doc id="20644954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644954" title="Northwoods Community Secondary School">
Northwoods Community Secondary School

Northwoods Community Secondary School (NCSS) is an American charter school in Rhinelander, Wisconsin. Founded in 2003, the school offers a project-based curriculum.
In 2011 the Rhinelander Environmental Stewardship Academy was moved to NCSS because enrollment had significantly decreased and the head teacher had resigned.
Despite the 2010 referendum to keep NCSS at its location passing, it was decided in 2012 that the building would be moved to the Rhinelander High School.
Curriculum.
Northwoods Community Secondary School offers public enrollment to approximately 90 students from 6th to 12th grade. The curriculum is independent project-based learning, as an alternative to lecture-based instruction. Students are required to develop their own projects in order to meet the academic requirements of the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction. The students work at their own pace to complete their work. Math and language arts seminars are held twice weekly. Students receive credits based on performance rather than grades. Students are require to earn seven credits per year (700 hours of work, plus 25 hours of community service and 50 hours of physical education).
Community service.
Each NCSS Student is required to perform 25 hours of community service per school year. Community service projects have included:
Recognition.
NCSS has been recognized as a model school through the EdVisions Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20644960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644960" title="Struer, Denmark">
Struer, Denmark

Struer is the main town of the "kommune" of Struer, Region Midtjylland, Denmark with a population of 10,427 (1 January 2013).
The town of Struer owes its growth to the railroad, which arrived in 1865 with Jutland's first railroad line from Århus/Randers over Viborg to Skive and Struer. Before its arrival Struer was a little town, that primarily functioned as a harbour for the residents of Holstebro; but after its arrival the town grew explosively into a big town, and eventually became one of Denmark's most important railway connection points. Although the station has been expanded several times, the central part of the wellmaintained building is one of Denmark's oldest stations. One of the oldest station buildings now house the administration and science labs of Struer statsgymnasium, one of the few Danish schools that offer the International Baccalaureate program. The school also has the Danish STX (3 years) and HF (2 years) programs. There are about 500 students spread out on 20 classes. The "Gymnasium" also has a boarding school, and therefore is a popular choice for exchange students.
Struer received privileged status as a merchant town in 1917.
Until the end of the 1960s Struer Station served as the headquarters for the central West Jutland administration of DSB, "Danske Statsbaner" ("Danish State Railways"). More than 300 DSB employees still work in Struer today.
Bang & Olufsen, Denmark's only radio/TV manufacturer today, is the town's most important business, and they employ almost a third of the town's population. The business started 1925 in Svend Olufsen's old family farm, "Quistrup", just south of the town. At Struer Museum there is a new large exhibition where old and new B&O products are displayed together with a lot of famous Danish design furnitures.

</doc>
<doc id="20644971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644971" title="Count On">
Count On

Count On is a major mathematics education project in the United Kingdom which was announced by education secretary David Blunkett at the end of 2000. It was the follow-on to Maths Year 2000 which was the UK's contribution to UNICEF's World Mathematical Year.
Count On had two main strands:
The MathFests were run largely by MatheMagic and the University of York.
The project has now been handed over to the NCETM.
Popularisation of Mathematics.
"Count On" and "Maths Year 2000" were some of the first big Popularisation of Mathematics projects. Others are listed below.

</doc>
<doc id="20644974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644974" title="German Socialist Labour Party in Poland – Left">
German Socialist Labour Party in Poland – Left

The German Socialist Labour Party in Poland – Left (, 'DSAP–Linke', ) was a political party in Poland. The party was founded on October 3, 1930, as a leftist split from the German Socialist Labour Party in Poland (DSAP) in Łódź.
Most of the members of the North Łódź party branch of DSAP ("Ortsgruppe Lodz-Nord") joined DSAP–Linke in the split. The DSAP–Linke also attracted some recruits from "Ortsgruppe Lodz-Chojny" of the erstwhile DSAP. Some other DSAP–Linke members were recruited amongst German and Jewish workers in Stryków, Brzeziny and Tomaszów. However, the total membership of DSAP–Linke didn't exceed 200.
DSAP–Linke was led by Heinrich Scheibler, who had been the chairman of the "Lodz-Nord" party branch of DSAP and who in 1930 had become member of the DSAP Party Council. Schlieber had advocated that DSAP should seek cooperation with other leftwing parties, for unity between socialists and communists in struggle against reaction. Other founding members of DSAP–Linke were Johann Rückert, Oskar Fiebig, Adolf Jedich, and Joseph Dillner.
After the split, the relations between DSAP–Linke and the mother-party DSAP (or "DSAP–Rechts", i.e. 'DSAP–Right', as DSAP–Linke branded the party) were antagonistic. DSAP–Linke characterized DSAP and the Polish Socialist Party (PPS) as 'social fascists', arguing that the leaderships of those two parties were laying the foundations for fascism in Poland. The DSAP press organs, on their behalf, began using the spelling 'Szajbel' for Scheibler's name, thus insinuating that he was Jewish (Scheibler wasn't of Jewish origin, but had married a Jewish woman).
The peak of activity of DSAP–Linke coincided with the 1930 October–November campaign ahead of the parliamentary election. DSAP–Linke contested the election in coalition with the Polish Socialist Party – Left, running on joint lists titled "PPS–Lewica" (List 23). The bloc propagated the formation of a Workers-Peasants government and self-rule for national minorities, political stands that attracted sharp attacks from the "Sanacja" government and the "Centrolew" opposition coalition (in which the DSAP participated). The Polish government classified the DSAP–Linke as 'crypto-communist'. The list on which Scheibler was the number 2 candidate was declared invalid by the Polish government.
On January 5, 1931 DSAP–Linke organized an assembly in Łódź. The political police, assisted by uniformed policemen, arrested all participants and party materials were seized. 46 participants were accused of anti-state activities. In October 1931, a legal case against twenty-two party cadres accused of connections with the Soviet Union, was opened. Scheibler was threatened with two years imprisonment, but on March 23, 1932 he was found 'not guilty'.
After a short existence, DSAP–Linke became defunct. Already after the 1930 election, the view inside the party was that the party was lacking prospects for the future. Sometime around 1932 Scheibler joined the Communist Party of Poland (KPP). Most members of the political activist core of DSAP–Linke also joined KPP. Some former DSAP–Linke members rejoined DSAP.

</doc>
<doc id="20644977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644977" title="The Apers">
The Apers

The Apers are a Dutch pop punk band who formed in Rotterdam in 1996. They have released their albums on Stardumb Records, apart from the 2007 album Reanimate My Heart, which was released by Sonic Rendezvous Records in Europe, and Insubordination Records in the USA. They have played about 700 shows all over Europe and the USA. The band is often compared to Screeching Weasel, not lastly because of frontman Kevin Aper's snotty vocal delivery, reminiscent of Ben Weasel.
Band members.
Current members:
Past members:

</doc>
<doc id="20644984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20644984" title="Oliver Ressler">
Oliver Ressler

Oliver Ressler (b. 1970 in Knittelfeld in Austria) lives and works in Vienna. He produces theme-specific exhibitions, projects in the public space and videos on issues such as global capitalism, forms of resistance, social alternatives, racism and global warming. His work constantly tries to blur boundaries between art and activism.
Major works.
The ongoing project “Alternative Economics, Alternative Societies” was shown at 21 different venues, including solo-exhibitions at Galerija Skuc, Ljubljana, 2003; Kunstraum Lueneburg, Germany, 2004; Centro Cultural Conde Duque, MediaLabMadrid, Madrid, 2004; Platform Garanti Contemporary Art Center, Istanbul, 2005 and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Belgrade, 2005. A publication on the project was published by the Wyspa Institute of Art, Gdansk in 2007.
Many of Ressler’s works have been realized in collaborations: “Boom!” focuses on the central contradictions of globalized capitalism (with David Thorne), “European Corrections Corporation” on the phenomenon of prison privatization (with Martin Krenn), and “What Would It Mean To Win?” on the protests against the 33rd G8-summit in Heiligendamm (with Zanny Begg).
Ressler produced the films “Venezuela from Below”, 2004 and “5 Factories–Worker Control in Venezuela”, 2006, which was presented as a 6-channel video installation at the Berkeley Art Museum, USA.
Ressler has participated in more than 150 exhibitions, including the biennials in Prague, 2005; Seville, 2006; Moscow, 2007 and Taipei, 2008. For the Taipei Biennial 2008 Ressler also curated the exhibition "A World Where Many Worlds Fit" on the counter-globalization movement.
Awards.
In 2002, Ressler’s video “This is what democracy looks like!” won the 1st prize of the International Media Art Award of the ZKM.

</doc>
<doc id="20645003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645003" title="Allylmagnesium bromide">
Allylmagnesium bromide

Allylmagnesium bromide is an Grignard reagent used for introducing the allyl group. It is commonly available as a solution in diethyl ether. If desired, it may be synthesized in the normal method from magnesium and allyl bromide.

</doc>
<doc id="20645005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645005" title="2009 Florida Gators football team">
2009 Florida Gators football team

The 2009 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2009 college football season. The Gators competed in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC), and played their home games at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus. They were led by fifth-year head coach Urban Meyer, who coached the Gators to a first-place finish in the SEC East, a 51–24 Sugar Bowl victory over the Cincinnati Bearcats, and an overall win-loss record of 13–1 (.929).
With senior quarterback Tim Tebow and eleven defensive starters returning, the Gators had hoped to repeat as back-to-back national champions following their BCS National Championship at the end of the 2008 season. They finished with an undefeated 12–0 regular season, their first since 1995, but the Gators' 32–13 loss to the Alabama Crimson Tide in the SEC Championship Game derailed their national title hopes, and forced them to settle for a berth in the Sugar Bowl. At the conclusion of the 2009 season, the Gators were ranked No. 3 in both major polls.
On December 26, 2009, Gators athletic director Jeremy Foley announced that Urban Meyer would step down as the team's head coach for health and family reasons. The following day, Meyer stated that he would instead take an indefinite leave of absence, allowing him to resume his position as the head coach. Meyer returned to coach the Gators in spring practice in March 2010.
Previous season.
In the 2008 season, the Gators went 11–1 in the regular season, suffering their only loss to Ole Miss in Gainesville. Their post-season success included a win over No. 1–ranked Alabama Crimson Tide in the 2008 SEC Championship Game, followed by a win over the No. 1–ranked Oklahoma Sooners in the 2009 BCS Championship Game. The Gators finished the 2008 season with a 13–1 record and ranked No. 1 in the AP and USA Today Coaches Polls. It was the third national championship for the Gators.
Pre-season.
On January 11, 2009 during the national championship celebration at the University of Florida, quarterback Tim Tebow announced his intention to return for his senior season, followed on January 15 by linebacker Brandon Spikes intention to return as well. With Spikes' return, the entire two-deep of the Gators defense was set to return for the 2009 season. One major loss was All-America wide receiver Percy Harvin, who opted to leave the University of Florida to enter the 2009 NFL Draft.
The Gators also lost offensive coordinator and quarterback coach Dan Mullen, who became the head coach at Mississippi State following Sylvester Croom's resignation. Former offensive line coach Steve Addazio was named as Mullen's replacement, with Scot Loeffler hired to take on the role of quarterback coach.
The Gators played their spring scrimmage on April 18, 2009, with the Orange winning.
Florida was voted #1 in both the preseason USA Today Coaches' Poll and the AP Poll. The Gators received the highest ever percentage of preseason #1 votes in the history of the AP Poll, which began in 1950.
Schedule and results.
Sources: "2012 Florida Gators Football Media Guide", and GatorZone.com.
Game notes.
Charleston Southern.
In the season opener, the Gators met the Charleston Southern Buccaneers in Gainesville. In a game that was never close, the Gators won 62–3. John Brantley threw for 67 yards and 2 touchdowns.
Troy.
The Florida Gators met the Troy Trojans in Gainesville, Florida. After a slow start, the Gators scored four times in the second quarter before cruising to a 56–6 victory.
Tennessee.
In what may have been the most talked about game all pre-season, the Florida Gators and Tennessee Volunteers met in Gainesville, Florida. Most of the pre-game talk surrounded comments made by Volunteer's head coach Lane Kiffin. The game remained close until the end with the Gators holding on for a 23–13 victory.
Kentucky.
Pregame Line: -20.5
In their first road game of the season, the Florida Gators traveled to Lexington, Kentucky to face the Wildcats. The Gators quickly took at 31–0 lead in the first quarter before going on to win 41–7. The biggest news story to come out of the game was a concussion suffered by Tim Tebow during the third quarter.
Mississippi State.
Pregame Line: -22
Georgia.
Pregame Line: -16
Vanderbilt.
Pregame Line: -35
South Carolina.
Pregame Line: -17.5
Florida International.
Pregame Line: -45
Florida State.
In the regular season finale, the Gators blew by the Seminoles 37–10. A new attendance record at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium was set with 90,907 present.
SEC Championship Game vs. Alabama.
In a rematch of last year's SEC Championship Game, the Crimson Tide handed the Gators their only loss of the season. Alabama running back Mark Ingram scored three touchdowns in the 32–13 win.

</doc>
<doc id="20645026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645026" title="Marcia Jones-Smoke">
Marcia Jones-Smoke

Marcia Jones Smoke (born July 18, 1941) is an American sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1980s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at Tokyo in 1964.
A native of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Jones graduated from Michigan State University. She won three gold medals at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada. Jones won a record 35 national championships and 24 North American championships.
Her husband, William, finished fourth in the second repechage event of the K-4 1000 m at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Jones' son, Jeff, finished seventh in the K-2 1000 m semifinal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. Her sister, the late Sperry Rademaker, finished seventh in the K-2 500 m event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20645036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645036" title="Index of Turks and Caicos Islands-related articles">
Index of Turks and Caicos Islands-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the British Overseas Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20645041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645041" title="Dale Hartt">
Dale Hartt

Dale Edward Hartt (born April 4, 1979) is an American mixed martial artist.
Personal life.
Dale is divorced and has two children aged 3 and 4.

</doc>
<doc id="20645050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645050" title="Mercurio López Pacheco, 9th Duke of Escalona">
Mercurio López Pacheco, 9th Duke of Escalona

Don Mercurio Antonio López Pacheco y Portugal Acuña Manrique Silva Girón y Portocarrero, twice Grandee of Spain, 9th Duke of Escalona, 9th Marquis of Villena, 15th Count of Castañeda, 11th Count of San Esteban de Gormaz and 9th Count of Xiquena (Escalona, 9 May, 1679 – Madrid, 7 June, 1738), was a Spanish aristocrat and academician.
He was the son of the 1st Director of the Royal Spanish Academy (founded 1713) Juan Manuel Fernández Pacheco 8th Duke of Escalona, and himself was its 2nd lifetime Director from 1725 to 1738. He was promoted to be a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in 1724 and was Mayordomo mayor to the King and chief of his Royal Household from 1725 to 1738. 

</doc>
<doc id="20645071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645071" title="Skenandoa">
Skenandoa

Skenandoa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20645090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645090" title="Esbjerg">
Esbjerg

Esbjerg (, ; ) is a seaport town and seat of Esbjerg Municipality on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark. By road it is west of Kolding, southwest of Aarhus and west of Copenhagen. As of 1 January 2013 it had a population of 71,491, making it the fifth largest city in Denmark, and the largest in west Jutland.
History.
Esbjerg's oldest existing house, on the corner of Kongensgade, was built around 1660.
The city was established in 1868 as a replacement for the harbour in Altona, which had previously been Denmark's most important North Sea port but came under German control after the Second Schleswig War in 1864. At the time, Esbjerg consisted of only a few farms. The harbour was officially opened in 1874, the year Esbjerg was connected by rail to Varde to the north and to the important town of Fredericia on the east coast of Jutland. The city was initially planned by chartered surveyor H. Wilkens in 1870 with streets laid out in the form of a rectangular grid. The market square ("Torvet") was placed at the centre, midway between the harbour and the railway station. From only 400 inhabitants at the beginning of the 1870s, the town and its population grew rapidly.
In 1893, Esbjerg became a municipality in its own right (initially known as Esbjerg Ladeplads), receiving the status and privileges of a market town in 1899 and incorporating the parish of Jerne (east of the centre) in 1945. A number of institutions and facilities were soon established, including the courthouse and town hall (1891), the gas and waterworks (1896) and the power plant (1907). More recently Esbjerg has grown into an important centre for education with campuses belonging to the University of Southern Denmark (1998) and Aalborg University (1995).
Geography.
The city is situated on the southwestern coast of Denmark, and is a port on the North Sea. By road it is west of Kolding, southwest of Aarhus, west of Copenhagen and southwest of Aalborg. As a result of planned development, the older sections of the city look like a chessboard with long, wide streets with rectangular corners.
The high ground of Esbjerg stretches along the east coast of the Wadden Sea between the rivers of Varde Å and Sneum Å, encompassing the coastal area of Ho Bugt and the seaside district of Hjerting to the north. To the west, the city boundary is defined by a number of small streams. The highest point is some above sea level. The town is located on top of the steep slopes leading down to the flatlands of the harbour area. The built-up area itself is not very hilly but there are considerable differences in terrain. Apart from the cliff in the City Park overlooking the harbour, the valley of Fourfelt Bæk is the main feature of the landscape, resulting in differences of up to with the surroundings.
Economy.
Once Denmark's principal fishing port, the Port of Esbjerg is still a driving force for the city's economy, yet it is not a tourist destination. Lonely Planet remarked that "nobody comes to Esbjerg for a holiday, in fact, as with many industrial ports, most visitors rush through as quickly as possible". Esbjerg is also the main city for Denmark's oil and offshore activities. Companies like Maersk, Ramboll, Stimwell Services, ABB, Schlumberger, COWI and Atkins all have offshore related activities in the city. Halliburton has an office in Esbjerg.
The city holds an annual music festival spanning two weekends (nine days) during mid-August. It is focused around the central Torvet Square which hosts the main stage. The festival celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2006.
The largest hotel in Esbjerg is Hotel Britannica. Other hotels include Danhostel Esbjerg in a former high school about to the northwest of the city, and Hotel Ansgar on Skolegade. Most of the restaurants in Esbjerg are to the east of Torvet. Of particular note are "Sand's Restaurant" which serves Danish cuisine such as smørrebrød, meatballs, smoked eels and the fried beef patty "pariserbof", and the "Paddy Go Easy" Irish pub near the main square. Housed in an attractive listed building on the main square, "Dronning Louise" serves everything from full meals to sandwiches and occasionally offers live music.
Landmarks.
"Man Meets the Sea" () is a monument of four 9-metre-tall (27 feet) white-coloured men located to the west of Esbjerg, overlooking Sædding Beach. One of the area's major tourist attractions, the sculpture was designed by Svend Wiig Hansen and installed on 28 October 1995. It was funded by the Esbjerg Municipality authorities, the Kunstfond arts foundation and private sponsors to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the municipality in 1994. The monument can be seen by ferry leaving or entering Esbjerg.
The water tower from 1895 was designed by Christian Hjerrild Clausen who had been inspired by Nuremberg's medieval Nassauer Haus. Standing at the top of a cliff, it commands excellent views of the city and the harbour from its platform which is open to the public. The imposing old Courthouse Building on the central square with its tall tower and stepped gables has recently been fully renovated. A bronze equestrian statue of Christian IX, the founder of Esbjerg, stands at the centre of the square.
Churches.
The first church to be built in Esbjerg was the red-brick Church of Our Saviour, completed in 1887.
Several new churches were established after the Second World War when there was a marked increase in the city's population. The first of these, Trinity Church, was designed to accommodate a large congregation while offering additional facilities for both young and old. Breaking with tradition, its square-shaped nave was built directly adjacent to lower ancillary buildings including a hall with a stage, meeting rooms and a kitchen. The bell tower stands alone, quite separate from the church. St Nikolaj Church is a Roman Catholic church from 1969. Unusual for a church, its innovative square-shaped design by Johan Otto von Spreckelsen served as a basis for his Grande Arche in Paris. 
The modern red-brick Grundtvig's Church southeast of the town centre was designed by Ole Nielsen. With a strangely-shaped, red-tiled roof, it was completed in 1969. Designed by Inger and Johannes Exner, Sædden Church with wave-like folds in its red-brick walls was inaugurated in 1978. Daylight focusing on the altar is supplemented by 803 electric light bulbs. Gjesing Church, a red-brick building to the north is from 1983. Like many other modern churches in the area, it has a free-standing bell tower as well as a church hall and meeting rooms. Other churches include Zion's Church and Jerne Church.
Also built in a style akin to the Neo-Gothic architecture of churches, the Bethania Mission House opposite the Church of our Saviour was completed in 1906 by C.H. Clausen.
Museums and theatres.
The municipality has a number of museums, libraries and music and drama venues. The Esbjerg Performing Arts Centre ("Musikhuset Esbjerg") is a complex with two auditoriums. Its concert hall with seating for over 1,100 can also be adapted for theatrical productions. Completed in 1997 to designs by Jan Utzon and his father, it hosts classical concerts, opera, family shows and drama productions. Located in the City Park close to the harbour, it forms part of a complex which includes the Esbjerg Art Museum ("Esbjerg Kunstmuseum") with works from artists including Asger Jorn. The museum also regularly hosts temporary international exhibitions.
The privately owned Fisheries and Maritime Museum, which opened in 1968, consists of a saltwater aquarium and a sealarium as well as indoor and outdoor exhibitions on Danish fisheries and shipping. Esbjerg Museum in the city centre has permanent collections covering the history of the city and the surrounding region. It includes displays from the Iron Age and the Viking Period as well as a large amber exhibition. The Printing Museum traces the history of the art of printing from the beginning of the 20th century until it was replaced by modern technology. The collection includes a variety of machines and equipment used to print books and newspapers, mainly from Germany and Denmark. The Lightship Museum ("Museumsfyrskib") in the harbour is open to the public on board the "Horns Rev" lightship. Dating from 1912, the "Horns Rev", also known as "Motorfyrskibet Nr. I", is the world's oldest and best preserved motor lightship. It houses an impressive exhibition of life and work on board.
Education.
Esbjerg is one of the central towns of the University of Southern Denmark, and also houses a branch of Aalborg University and IT Academy West. The main branch of Profession School – University College West (Danish: Professionshøjskolen University College Vest) and the Esbjerg section of the Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts, housed in a former power station, are located in the city.
Sport.
Esbjerg is home to the Danish football club Esbjerg fB, established in 1924 and known as EfB for short. The club has won the Danish Championship five times, in 1961, 1962, 1963, 1965 and 1979. Esbjerg fB play their home matches at Blue Water Arena.
Esbjerg also has an ice hockey division called Esbjerg Elite Ishockey which plays at the Granly Hockey Arena. Rugby in Esbjerg is represented by Esbjerg RK, who play at Guldager Idrætscenter. Esbjerg also has its own Speedway team, which were crowned Danish League Champions in 2012.
Transport.
Ferry services connect Esbjerg via Ho Bay to Nordby on the island of Fanø via Nordic Ferry Service, and over the North Sea to Harwich, United Kingdom via DFDS Seaways. Outside the summer period, Smyril Line operate to Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands.
Esbjerg Station is operated by Danish State Railways. Esbjerg is the western terminus of InterCity trains from Copenhagen (operating once an hour), with the journey taking about three hours. DSB also operates local trains to Fredericia. Arriva operates Vestbanen local trains south to Ribe and Tønder and north to Struer.
The city of Esbjerg is a large transport hub for both rail and road traffic, and is an important port for Danish North Sea oil offshore activity. It has an airport, and is a center for machine building.
Esbjerg Harbour is the second largest harbour in Denmark (after Aarhus). It serves Maersk Drilling headquarters, and offers the ferry routes Esbjerg–Harwich–Esbjerg, Esbjerg–Faroe Islands–Iceland and the regional commuter Esbjerg–Fanø–Esbjerg. For those arriving by pleasure craft, there is a marina along Pier No. 1 with 198 mooring places.
Esbjerg is served by Esbjerg Airport and the nearby Billund Airport, which has far more travel options.
International relations.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Esbjerg is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="20645103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645103" title="Sperry Rademaker">
Sperry Rademaker

Sperry Jones Rademaker (October 4, 1939 – January 31, 2005) was an American sprint canoer who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. She finished seventh in the K-2 500 m event.
A native of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, she was the older sister of Marcia Jones-Smoke who won a bronze medal in the K-1 500 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
References.
Following her 7th place in the 1969 Olympics, Sperry Joanna Jones Rademaker continued to compete. She was a national champion at the 1973 United States Canoe Association (USCA) National Championships, held in Marinette, Wisconsin, winning the Women's 13-mile race in a C-2 with Janet Streib, with a time of 1:59:26. At the 1974 USCA Marathon Race in Waco, Texas, she won third place in the C-2 Women's Cruising (20 miles) with race partner Iva Sawtelle, with a time of 3:09:41, and placed 5th in the C-2 Mixed Cruising with race partner and husband, Jack Rademaker, both residents of Floral City, Florida.
In 1975, Sperry and husband Jack ranked 8th in the C-2 Mixed Couples USCA National Race on the St. Josephs River, with a time of 2:35:22. The race ran from Constantine, Michigan to Bristol, Indiana. At that same race, Sperry placed 2nd in the C-2 Women's Competition Cruisers with Carol Davis of Winnetka, Illinois, with a time of 2:39:23. The following year, she raced again at the USCA National Championships with Carol Davis on the Little Miami River in Milford, Ohio, to again place 2nd in the 20-mile C-2 Women Cruisers with a time of 3:02:15. She also garnered a 7th place with husband Jack in the C-2 Mixed Couples (also a 20-mile race) with a time of 3:08:02.
In the 1977 USCA National Championships, Sperry took up her Olympic K-1 boat to place 2nd behind Janet Streib, with a time of 2:06:56.
Sperry won the C-2 Women's event at the 1978 USCA National Championships in St. Charles, Illinois with C. Barton of Homer, Michigan. 
By 1987, Sperry and husband Jack Rademaker had been winning athletic trophies and medals for more than 25 years. The Floral City residents had amassed nearly 400 prizes in canoe and kayaking, triathlons and table tennis. 
References.
1. USCA History of the United States Canoe Association http://webpages.charter.net/mwcanoe/NAT-PDF/NAT.RES_70s.pdf, retrieved 2011-10-09
2. St. Petersburg Time, Citrus Edition, Photo and caption by Joanne Harris Feb. 19, 1987, Page 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20645105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645105" title="42nd New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
42nd New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 42nd New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment was a regiment of the Union Army during the American Civil War which was formed up in mid-1861 and mustered in on June 22, 1861. It was organized by the Tammany Club, a New York Democratic Party club.
Service.
Organized at Great Neck and mustered in June 22, 1861. Left State for Washington, D.C., July 18. Attached to Stone's Brigade, Division of the Potomac, October, 1861. Gorman's Brigade, Stone's Division, Army of the Potomac, to January, 1862. Burns' Brigade, Sedgwick's Division, Army of the Potomac, to March, 1862. 3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, 2nd Army Corps, Army of the Potomac, to March, 1864. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, 2nd Army Corps, to July, 1864.
SERVICE.--Duty in the Defenses of Washington, D. C., until October, and on Upper Potomac to March, 1862. Operations on the Upper Potomac October 21–24, 1861. Action at Ball's Bluff October 21. Moved to Harper's Ferry, W. Va., thence to Charlestown and Berryville, Va., March 7–13, 1862. Movement toward Winchester and return to Bolivar Heights March 13–15. Moved to Fortress Monroe March 22-April 1. Siege of Yorktown April 5-May 4. Battle of Seven Pines or Fair Oaks May 31-June 1. Tunstall Station June 14. Seven days before Richmond June 25-July 1. Battles of Peach Orchard and Savage Station June 29; White Oak Swamp and Glendale June 30; Malvern Hill July 1. At Harrison's Landing until August 16. Movement to Alexandria August 16–28, thence march to Fairfax Court House August 28–31, and cover retreat of Pope's army to Washington August 31-September 2. Maryland Campaign September 6–22. Battle of Antietam September 16–17. Moved to Harper's Ferry, W. Va., September 22, and duty there until October 30. Reconnaissance to Charlestown October 16–17. Advance up Loudoun Valley and movement to Falmouth, Va., October 30-November 17. Battle of Fredericksburg, Va., December 12–15. "Mud March" January 20–24, 1863. At Falmouth until April. Chancellorsville Campaign April 27-May 6. Battle of Maryes Heights, Fredericksburg, May 3. Salem Heights May 3–4.
Banks' Ford May 4. Gettysburg (Pa.) Campaign June 11-July 24. Battle of Gettysburg, Pa., July 1–4. Pursuit of Lee July 5–24. Duty on line of the Rappahannock until October. Advance from the Rappahannock to the Rapidan September 13–17. Bristoe Campaign October 9–22. Bristoe Station October 14. Advance to line of the Rappahannock November 7–8. Mine Run Campaign November 26-December 2. Demonstration on the Rapidan February 6–7, 1864. At Stevensburg until May. Campaign from the Rapidan to the James May 3-June 15. Battles of the Wilderness May 5–7; Laurel Hill May 8; Spottsylvania May 8–12; Po River May 10; Spottsylvania Court House May 12–21. Assault on the Salient or "Bloody Angle" May 12. North Anna River May 28-26. On line of the Pamunkey May 26–28. Totopotomoy May 28–31. Cold Harbor June 1–12. Before Petersburg June 16–18. Siege of Petersburg June 16 to July 13. Jerusalem Plank Road June 22–23.
Mustered out July 13, 1865. Veterans and Recruits transferred to 82nd Regiment New York Infantry.
Regiment lost during service 11 Officers and 141 Enlisted men killed and mortally wounded and 1 Officer and 103 Enlisted men by disease. Total 256.
References.
http://www.civilwararchive.com/Unreghst/unnyinf4.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20645108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645108" title="Elizabethan Stage Society">
Elizabethan Stage Society

The Elizabethan Stage Society was a theatrical society dedicated to putting on productions of drama from the Elizabethan and Jacobean eras, particularly (but not exclusively) those of William Shakespeare. It was founded in 1895 by William Poel. Its minimal scenery, platform stage, quick scene changes and emphasis on the poetry was in direct and deliberate contrast to Herbert Beerbohm Tree and Henry Irving's large-set productions, and were a major influence on later staging and production of these works. Walter Nugent Monck was its stage manager in the 1920s, and its actors included Ben Greet.

</doc>
<doc id="20645116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645116" title="ALARGAN International Real Estate Company">
ALARGAN International Real Estate Company

ALARGAN International Real Estate Company is a Kuwaiti real estate development company. ALARGAN underwent an Initial public offering on the Kuwait Stock Exchange in July 2007. "Alargan Projects" a sister company of Alargan projects was established in Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 2005. Owing to the size of the Kingdom, Alargan successfully formed alliances with prime strategic partners from all the major provinces in the Kingdom which has hugely benefited all its on-going projects.
About Alargan: 
The Chairman of the company is Mr. Khaled Al Mashaan. www.alargan.com
External links.
Engineer Eyad Albunyan إياد عبدالرحمن البنيان is the Chief Executive Officer of "Alargan Projects" which is a sister company of Alargan, and considered as the investment arm of Alargan in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Alargan is known as one of the most successful real estate developers in K.S.A. It is one of the fast growing companies in K.S.A.

</doc>
<doc id="20645141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645141" title="List of Bengali films of 1997">
List of Bengali films of 1997

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20645159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645159" title="Herning">
Herning

Herning is a Danish city in Region Midtjylland, on the Jutland peninsula. It is the main town and the administrative seat of Herning Municipality. Herning has a population of 47,271 (1 January 2013) including the suburbs of Tjørring, Snejbjerg, Lind, Birk, Hammerum, and Gjellerup, making Herning the 11th most populous urban area in Denmark.
History.
Herning was established at the beginning of the 1800s during the period of heath reclamation. This period of time resulted in a growing population, and a demand for products and services to the new farmers in the area. Herning came into existence as a center of commerce for the area.
Later on, Herning became known for the textile-weaving industry that developed in and around the town. This industry was once Herning's principal economic activity: today, the town enjoys a diversified industrial base.
Herning became a market town in 1913.
Herning has twice, in 1965 and 2003, been awarded the title of Danish City of the Year.
Attractions.
Herning is home to Messecenter Herning, the largest exhibition centre in Scandinavia, which gives the town a reputation for its many trade fairs.
Carl-Henning Pedersen and Else Alfelt's Museum of Art (also known as Herning Art Museum) is one of the major attractions.
The city hosts 3 buildings recognizably designed by the architect Jørn Utzon. One is publicly owned and two are privately owned.
The town is also home to sculptor Ingvar Cronhammar's unique monumental work Elia. The sculpture is located in the town near the Herning Art Museum.
The old Herningsholm Estate in Herning is open to the public for touring. Classensborg Estate, now called Skarrildhus, is located 25 km south of the town, but is closed to the public because it is a private hotel and educational facility. The grounds, however, can be toured and are known for their beautiful rhododendron displays during the spring.
Sports.
Herning Blue Fox is a Danish professional ice hockey team playing in the top Danish ice hockey league Oddset Ligaen. FC Midtjylland is a football team playing in the Danish "superligaen". It is a fusion of Herning Fremad and Ikast FS.
Herning also is a centre of Danish cycling. The GP Herning is a professional bicycle race held annually in Herning. The 2012 Giro d'Italia started in Herning. Bjarne Riis, the only Dane to win the Tour de France, was born in Herning. Bjarne Riis has in the year. 14 years following his win Bjarne Riis reluctantly admitted use of illegal drugs to enhance performance and win Tour de France victory. He however still holds the Trikot since his wrongdoings at that point had exceeded the statute of limitation. 
Transport.
Road and rail.
As for both road and rail Herning is the transport hub of central Jutland. The rail lines crossing the peninsula intersect in Herning and there are connections towards Vejle, Århus, Esbjerg and Holstebro as well as several daily trains to Copenhagen. Roadwise, Herning lies at the junction of route 18 that traverses the Jutland Peninsula from southeast to northwest, route 15 that crosses the peninsula from Aarhus in the east to Ringkobing in the west and route 12 from Esbjerg in the south west to Viborg to the northeast.
Airport.
Herning is served by Karup Airport situated to the northeast of the city. There are several flights a day connecting it to Copenhagen Airport. It also has a few international connections of its own.
References.
1986 - Nicolai Krogh (Scientist)

</doc>
<doc id="20645169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645169" title="Holstebro">
Holstebro

Holstebro is the main town in Holstebro Municipality, Denmark. The town, bisected by the "Storåen" ("The Large Creek"), has a population of 34,711 (1 January 2013).
History.
The town arose at a ford by the creek, and later a bridge was erected. The name probably derives from "holdested ved broen" (lit, "a resting place by the bridge").
Holstebro was first mentioned in a letter from Bishop Thyge of Ribe in 1274. A large fire in 1552 destroyed many of the town's old buildings.
Today.
The town is a trading, industrial and cultural center in western Jutland. It has a large network of pedestrian walkways ("gågader") in the inner town that support a varied shopping environment beautifully enhanced by outdoor sculptures and picturesque buildings. The first sculpture purchased by Holstebro Municipality, and the cornerstone in their efforts to further cultural development in the town, is Alberto Giacometti's sculpture "Woman on the Cart" purchased in 1966.
Holstebro has a rich and varied cultural life; it hosted (1997–2009) the internationally recognized ballet company Peter Schaufuss Ballet; and still hosts the performance art theatre Odin Teatret. Several museums, including the Holstebro Art Museum with its collection of Danish and international contemporary art and the Holstebro Museum, can be found in the town.
The Holstebro Hall, rebuilt in 1966, houses a music theatre, the Holstebro Convention and Culture Center (1991) and provides space for theatre presentations, concerts, exhibitions and conventions. More than 100 cultural events occur here every year, and the hall is visited by more than 100,000 people annually. Holstebro Hall was recently renovated.
The town holds an annual culture festival, the Holstebro Festive Week, in late summer.
The town also has diversified industries, including the manufacture of processed food, iron and machinery, wood and furniture, textiles and chemicals.
The Jutland Dragoon Regiment ("Jydske Dragonregiment"), which can trace its history back to 1679 in the times of King Christian V, has made Holstebro its home since 1953. The regiment is Holstebro's largest place of work with more than 1,800 employees.
Canoeing and kayaking on the nearly long "Storåen" is popular during the summer and early autumn; it is allowed between June 15-October 31.
Jamboree Denmark 2012.
A Scouting Jamboree took place near Holstebro in July 2012. 35,000 Scouts and Guides were expected to attend.
International relations.
Twin towns - Sister cities.
Holstebro is a founding member of the Douzelage, a unique town twinning association of 24 towns across the European Union. This active town twinning began in 1991 and there are regular events, such as a produce market from each of the other countries and festivals. Discussions regarding membership are also in hand with three further towns (Agros in Cyprus, Škofja Loka in Slovenia, and Tryavna in Bulgaria).

</doc>
<doc id="20645182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645182" title="Lemvig">
Lemvig


</doc>
<doc id="20645211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645211" title="William Smoke">
William Smoke

William Smoke (born January 2, 1938) is an American sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, he competed in the K-4 1000 m event, but was eliminated in the 2nd repecharge.
A native of Detroit, Michigan, Smoke was the former husband of Marcia Jones, bronze medalist in the K-1 500 m event at those same games. Their son, Jeff, competed in the K-2 1000 m event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, but was eliminated in the semifinal.

</doc>
<doc id="20645212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645212" title="Lower Portland Ferry">
Lower Portland Ferry

The Lower Portland Ferry is a cable ferry across the Hawkesbury River in New South Wales, Australia. The ferry is situated in the community of Lower Portland.
The ferry is operated by a private sector operator under contract to Hawkesbury City Council and The Hills Shire Council, who jointly fund the service. The crossing is in length and is free of tolls. The ferry operates on demand from 0500 to 2400, 7 days a week, but is closed for maintenance on the first Wednesday of each month from 0900 to 1100
The East Portland Ferry is one of four cable ferry crossings over the Hawkesbury River proper, and is unusual in being the only one not provided by New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services. The other are the Sackville Ferry upstream, and the Webbs Creek Ferry and Wisemans Ferry downstream. A fifth ferry, the Berowra Waters Ferry, crosses a side-arm of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20645214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645214" title="Good News (Kathy Mattea album)">
Good News (Kathy Mattea album)

Good News is the title of the first album of Christmas music released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in late 1993 on Mercury Records. "Mary, Did You Know?" and "What a Wonderful Beginning" were both covered by Kenny Rogers (the former, as a duet with Wynonna Judd) on his 1996 Christmas album "The Gift". "Brightest and Best" is the only traditional song covered here.

</doc>
<doc id="20645216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645216" title="Diego Vásquez">
Diego Vásquez

Diego Martín Vásquez Castro (born 3 July 1971) is a retired Argentinian football goalkeeper. He is currently the coach for C.D. Motagua.
Club career.
He won 5 Honduran championships with C.D. Motagua between 1997 and 2001, being the foreign player with most titles with this club. His first game in the Honduran League was on 24 August 1997 wearing the Motagua's jersey against C.D.S. Vida (1–0 win), where he saved two penalty kicks.

</doc>
<doc id="20645223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645223" title="Electoral district of Kingborough">
Electoral district of Kingborough

The Electoral district of Kingborough was an electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the region to the immediate south of Tasmania's capital city, Hobart, and included the Huon Valley towns of Cygnet, Huonville, Kettering, Margate and Sandfly.
The seat was created as a single-member seat ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856. In 1886, it became a two-member seat and absorbed the neighbouring seat of Queenborough, whose member, Edward Crowther, was to win one of the seats at each of the three elections held under this system. At the 1897 election, Queenborough was recreated and Kingborough returned to being a single-member seat. It was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model for the entire state in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20645243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645243" title="Køge">
Køge

Køge ( or , older spelling "Kjøge") is a seaport on the coast of Køge Bugt ("Bay of Køge") 39 km southwest of Copenhagen. It is the principal town and seat of Køge Municipality, Region Sjælland, Denmark. In 2013, the urban area had a population of 35,618.
The natural harbour and strategic location have given Køge a long history as a market town. Today, that past is evident in a well-preserved old town centre with many half-timbered houses.
Køge is in the Copenhagen metropolitan area and is connected to downtown Copenhagen by the E line of the S-train commuter rail system. Køge is also on a new rail line under construction between Copenhagen and Ringsted, and due for completion in 2018. The new line will make Køge a central hub in Denmark's transport system.
History.
Køge was officially founded in 1288, when the town became a market town, as a contrast to the ecclesiastical center at that time – Roskilde, and was an important merchant town during the late Middle Ages.
During the local witchhunt, called Køge Huskors (1608–1615), at least 15 people were convicted of witchcraft and burned at the stake.
Køge suffered during the wars between Denmark and Sweden (1643–1720). In 1807, the town and surrounding area was the scene of the Battle of Køge between British and Danish troops. Køge remained a small town until the late 19th century, when industrial development and population growth began. Today, Køge is the main part of the 18th largest urban area in Denmark.
Geography.
Køge is located at the bottom of Bay of Køge, demarcated by Copenhagen to the north and the Stevns Peninsula to the south, where Køge Å ("Køge Creek") meets the sea. 
Apart from Køge proper, the town's urban area consists of the suburbs of Køge Nord
(Ølby Lyng and Ølsemagle Lyng) to the north and Hastrup and Herfølge to the south.
Economy.
The port is directly connected with the Scandinavian Transport Centre, a large business park on the northwestern outskirts of Køge, where – among others – the headquarters and the Danish distribution centre of the multinational, Danish-founded, discount supermarket chain Netto is located.
Culture.
Museums.
Køge Museum is located at 4 Nørregade in a preserved former merchant's house from the year 1619. Further down the street, in No. 29, lies KØS - museum of art in public spaces. It is the only art museum in Denmark dedicated specifically to sketches and models for art works in the public realm. Among its holdings is the original model for The Little Mermaid in Copenhagen.
Architecture.
The historical architecture of the town centre is one of the major attractions of Køge. The oldest dated half-timbered house in Denmark, which is also the oldest dated non-nobility and non-religious building of the nordic countries, can be found in Køge. It was built in 1527. Originally a section of a row of hovels, it is now a part of the public library. Pictures can be found in the gallery.
Near the house is Sankt Nicolai Church. The tower of the church contains a lighthouse, the first to be built in Denmark.
Køge's town hall dates from 1552 and is the oldest town hall in Denmark still in use as such.
"Køge Torv", the market square, is, with an area of almost 1 hectare (2.5 acres), the largest town square in Denmark outside Copenhagen and the largest and best-preserved medieval town square in Denmark. There are fair days on the square Wednesday and Saturday. 
Kjøge Miniby (Kjøge Mini-Town) is a historically correct model of the town from the year 1865 – built to a scale of 1:10.
Sports.
The football club HB Køge was created through a merger of professional football between Herfølge Boldklub and Køge Boldklub in 2009. It currently plays in the Danish 1st Division. Their home ground is named Herfølge Stadion. It is used and serves as the primary training fields and facilities of the professional club, besides the now amateur mother club of Herfølge Boldklub. The Facilities is situated in the suburb of Herfølge, about 5 kilometres south of central Køge.
Transport.
Roads.
The partial Y interchange, where the Danish part of the motorway E20 meet the Danish part of the motorway E47 and E55, is located only few kilometers northwest of Køge.
Railway stations.
Køge station is the principal railway station of the town. There are also railway stations in the northern suburb of Ølby Lyng and in the southern suburb of Herfølge.
Port of Køge.
The Port of Køge is one of the oldest ports in Denmark but has been modernised over the last few years. Since 2002, there has been a ferry connection to Rønne on the Baltic island of Bornholm, operated by BornholmerFærgen.

</doc>
<doc id="20645248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645248" title="Alaa Ibrahim">
Alaa Ibrahim

Alaa Ibrahim (Arabic:) (born 1 March 1975) is an Egyptian footballer.
Career.
Ibrahim made his international debut for Egypt in a friendly match against South Africa on 16 December 1998.
In January 2010, he was loaned to Smouha for the rest of the season. The move was intended to utilize Ibrahim's experience to help the Alexandria-based team win promotion to the Egyptian Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20645252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645252" title="Stevns">
Stevns

Stevns may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20645305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645305" title="Royal Montserrat Police Service">
Royal Montserrat Police Service

Royal Montserrat Police Service is the Royal Police Service of Montserrat in the Caribbean. The current Commissioner is Steve Foster, JP, B.Sc., CPA., a native of Montserrat.
History.
The Police Force of Montserrat was a division of the Leeward Islands Police Force, which served Antigua, St Kitts and Nevis, Anguilla, Montserrat and the British Virgin Islands, with Headquarters in Antigua. The Leeward Islands Colony was dissolved in 1959 and the Montserrat Police Force became a division of the Antigua, Montserrat, and British Virgin Islands Police Force.The Royal Title was bestowed on the force in 1966, and The Royal Montserrat Police Service became autonomous on the 27 February 1967. 
Between the years 1967 and 2007 there was one Chief of Police and ten Commissioners of Police from countries such as United Kingdom, Guyana, St Kitts-Nevis and even native islanders. 
The police service also ran a football team that played in the Montserrat Championship, the top level of football on the island. They were the most successful club winning the league four times.

</doc>
<doc id="20645309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645309" title="Jeffrey Smoke">
Jeffrey Smoke

Jeffrey Smoke (born December 3, 1977) is an American sprint canoer who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. He finished seventh in the semifinal round of the K-2 1000 m event.
A native of Niles, Michigan, Smoke's parents William and Marcia (since divorced) competed in the Summer Olympics. His father competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, being eliminated in the second repechage of the K-4 1000 m event. Smoke's mother earned a bronze in the K-1 500 m event at those same games. His aunt, the late Sperry Rademaker, finished seventh in the K-2 500 m event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20645313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645313" title="Puppet show (disambiguation)">
Puppet show (disambiguation)

A puppet show is a form of theatre or performance which involves the manipulation of puppets.
Puppet show may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20645322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645322" title="Uncial 0296">
Uncial 0296

Uncial 0296 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a parts of the text of the 1 John 5:3-13 and 2 Corinthians 7:3-4.9-10, on 2 parchment leaves (). The text is written in two columns per page, 21 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Location.
It is one of the manuscripts discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery at Sinai in May 1975, during the restoration work.
Currently the codex is housed at the St. Catherine's Monastery (N.E. ΜΓ 48, 53, 55) in Sinai.

</doc>
<doc id="20645326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645326" title="Hjørring">
Hjørring

Hjørring is the main town and the administrative seat of Hjørring Municipality, Region Nordjylland, Denmark. The population is 24,982 (1 January 2013). It is one of Denmark's oldest towns, and it celebrated its 750-year anniversary as a market town in 1993.
Overview.
Archaeological discoveries show that the area was already populated 10,000 years ago.
A major fire burned down much of the town in 1819.
There are good educational opportunities in the town including a gymnasium (the Danish equivalent of a high school or pre-college), a business and technical college and a nursing school.
Hjørring also has a large hospital.
Attractions.
Dana Cup, one of the world's largest football tournaments, takes place in Hjørring at the end of July, with 17,000 footballers from all around the world. The tournament celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2006.
The town is also the home for the Hjørring Revue ("Hjørring revyen"), a summer revue that has been a part of Hjørring's entertainment life since the 1920s and one more revue, the Lundergaard Revue ("Lundergaard Revyen"). The latter revue celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2008. The revue has about 5000 guests a summer over.
Hjørring has been growing in recent years, with new shops and franchises opening. The most recent addition to Hjørring is the new city shopping centre, Metropol, which has led to a change in the city centre as one of Hjørring's main streets, Østergade, has been closed to vehicular traffic and is now open only for pedestrians and bicycles. Metropol, inaugurated in March 2008, is located on Østergade.
Education.
One of the two branches of Profession School University College North Jutland (Danish: Professionshøjskolen University College Nordjylland) can be found in Hjørring.
See also EUC Nord.
Sister cities.
Hjørring is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="20645343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645343" title="Billund">
Billund

Billund may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20645356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645356" title="Bill Miles">
Bill Miles

Miles' interest in creating historical documentaries was nurtured through 25 years of restoring archival films and early feature classics for Killiam Shows, Inc. and the Walter Reade Organization in New York City.
Miles' film archive is held by the Washington University Film & Media Archive[http://library.wustl.edu/units/spec/filmandmedia/collections/william-miles-collection/index.html]. in St. Louis, Missouri. In addition to Miles' films, the collection contains all of the elements that went into the production process such as interviews, stock footage, photographs, research, producer notes, scripts, and Miles' personal papers.
Filmography.
Miles' breakthrough film was Men of Bronze, which opened at the New York Film Festival in 1977 and was later broadcast on PBS. This film tells the story of the black American soldiers of the 369th Infantry Regiment, known as the Harlem Hellfighters, who, because of segregation in the U.S. Army, fought under the French flag in World War I. The regiment spent more time in the front-line trenches that any other American unit, fighting alongside French, Moroccan, and Senegalese soldiers.
His best-known work, the four-part series I Remember Harlem (1981), is a comprehensive look at this famous borough's diverse history. Beginning in the 17th century and going up to the early 1980s, the film chronicles the changes in Harlem. The program's episodes include segments on Harlem's early history and settlement, the Harlem Renaissance, the Great Depression in Harlem, the Civil Rights Movement and political activism in the era of Malcolm X, and the problems and redevelopment of the '70s.
Miles co-produced the film on literary legend James Baldwin: The Price of a Ticket, which debuted in 1989 as an episode of PBS's American Masters series. Black Stars in Orbit (1990), a documentary about African-Americans in the space program, was followed by (1992), which Miles co-produced with Nina Rosenblum. The latter program continued Miles's focus on the experiences of black soldiers and centered on the liberation of Nazi concentration camps. This work has been criticized since it gives the impression that African American soldiers liberated Buchenwald and Dachau, which is not historically accurate. While there were black regiments that liberated concentration camps during the war, those camps were not the ones inferred in the film. The Black West, an episode of the TBS series, The Untold West, presented the story of African Americans in the U.S. west in the late 19th century.
Mr. Miles has won an Emmy Award, been nominated for an Academy Award, and was inducted into the Black Filmmaker's Hall of Fame. He has also received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Association of Independent Video and Filmmakers (AIVF) for his outstanding contributions to the history of African Americans in the medium of film.

</doc>
<doc id="20645358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645358" title="Haderslev">
Haderslev

Haderslev (German: ) is a Danish town of Region of Southern Denmark with a population of 21,485 (1 January 2013). It is the main town and the administrative seat of Haderslev Municipality and is situated in the eastern part of Southern Jutland.
History.
Overview.
Haderslev is situated in a valley, leading from Vojens to Haderslev Fjord and the Baltic Sea.
Haderslev was presumably founded by Vikings at least a century before it was granted status as royal borough in 1292. At that time, it had become one of the main trading centres in Southern Jutland.
In 1327, Haderslevhus, the royal castle, was mentioned for the first time. It was situated east of the cathedral; an area still called Slotsgrunden. In the following centuries the city prospered, building both the Gothic Cathedral and the second castle of Hansborg (burnt in 1644), which was similar to Kronborg. Due to the plague in Copenhagen, King Christian IV was married there.
In the 16th century, the city became one of the first Scandinavian places to embrace the Lutheran Reformation. Prior to the Second Schleswig War of 1864, Haderslev was situated in the Duchy of Schleswig, a Danish fief, so its history is properly included in the contentious history of Schleswig-Holstein. From 1864 it was part of Prussia, and as such part of the North German Confederation, and from 1871 onwards, part of the German Empire. In the 1920 Schleswig Plebiscite that returned Northern Schleswig to Denmark, 38.6% of Haderslev's inhabitants voted for remaining part of Germany and 61.4% voted for the cession to Denmark. It was formerly the capital of the German Kreis Hadersleben and the Danish Haderslev County.
Buildings in Haderslev.
The trademark of Haderslev is unquestionably Haderslev Cathedral, which has existed since the middle of the 13th century, and since 1922 it was the seat of Haderslev Diocese. The town was an important breeding ground for the reformation in Denmark, and as early as 1526 Christian introduced, as the duke of Schleswig-Holstein, the reformation in Haderslev, just eight years before he became King of Denmark.
Another noticeable church is the white-chalked Sankt Severin Church, which lies at the banks of the town's inner pond.
Because of a renovation of the town's oldest houses, it means Haderslev offers a unique collection of houses and buildings from 1400 to the beginning of 20th century, and the town center's cobbled streets and alleys is very suitable for town strolling.
Once the town used to have a castle named "Haderslev Hus", but due to several town fires through the town's history the castle is no longer existent.
Festival.
In the public park "Kløften", near the town's center, Kløften Festival, a three-day annual festival is in the summer. The festival uses one of Haderslev's important trademarks, the red-bricked water tower near the park as their logo. 
Education in Haderslev.
Three branches of University College South () can be found in Haderslev.
Former municipality (1970–2006).
A "kommune" by the previous name existed 1970–2006. It belonged to South Jutland County and covered an area of with a total population of 56,116 (2011). Its last mayor was Hans Peter Geil, a member of the liberal ("Venstre") political party.
Neighboring municipalities were Christiansfeld to the north, Vojens to the west, Rødekro to the south, and Assens (on the island of Funen) to the East.
City Partnerships.
Haderslev is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="20645367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645367" title="The Goat Amalthea with the Infant Jupiter and a Faun">
The Goat Amalthea with the Infant Jupiter and a Faun

The Goat Amalthea with the Infant Jupiter and a Faun is the earliest known work by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Produced sometime between 1609 and 1615, the sculpture is now in the Borghese Collection at the Galleria Borghese in Rome.
Background.
According to Filippo Baldinucci, even before Pietro Bernini moved his family from Naples to Rome, eight-year-old Gian Lorenzo created a "small marble head of a child that was the marvel of everyone". Throughout his teenage years, he produced numerous images containing "putti", chubby male children usually nude and sometimes winged. Distinct from cherubim, who represent the second order of angels, these "putti" figures were secular and presented a non-religious passion. Of the three surviving marble groups of "putti" that can be attributed to Bernini, "The Goat Amalthea with the Infant Jupiter and a Faun" is the only one that is approximately dateable. In 1615, a carpenter was paid for providing a wooden pedestal for the sculpture group. Some writers date the work as early as 1609, based on stylistic grounds and an interpretation of the 1615 pedestal invoice indicating that the base was a replacement.
Description.
The sculpture shows Amalthea as a goat, the infant god Jupiter, and an infant Faun.

</doc>
<doc id="20645379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645379" title="Vejen">
Vejen

Vejen with a population of 9,393 (1 January 2013) is the main town in Vejen Municipality, Denmark.
Geography.
The town is situated in the Danish region of Syddanmark and is a railway town at the railway between the cities of Kolding and Esbjerg.

</doc>
<doc id="20645385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645385" title="Renate Breuer">
Renate Breuer

Renate Breuer (born 1 December 1939 in Berlin) is a West German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the early 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won a silver medal in the K-1 500 m event at Mexico City in 1968.
Breuer also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 500 m: 1970) and two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1966, 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="20645394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645394" title="Varde">
Varde

Varde (Original names: "Warwath" and "Warwik") is a Danish town in Region of Southern Denmark. It is the main town in Varde Municipality, Denmark with a population of 13,471 (1 January 2013).
Geography.
The town is situated 20 km north of Esbjerg.

</doc>
<doc id="20645396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645396" title="Electoral district of Wellington (Tasmania)">
Electoral district of Wellington (Tasmania)

The Electoral district of Wellington was an electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in north-western Tasmania in the town of Stanley, and included King Island. The seat extended as far east as Wynyard and Burnie until 1903 when the Burnie seat was created.
The seat was created as a single-member seat ahead of the 1871 state election from the western portion of the abolished Devon seat. In 1886, it became a two-member seat. At the 1897 election, Wellington returned to being a single-member seat when Waratah split away from it. It was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model for the entire state in 1909.
Members for Wellington.
Single member: 1871–1886
Two member: 1886–1897
Single-member: 1897–1909

</doc>
<doc id="20645411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645411" title="Tønder">
Tønder

Tønder () is a town in the Region of Southern Denmark. With a population of 7,572 inhabitants (as of 1 January 2013), it is the main town and the administrative seat of the Tønder Municipality.
History.
In the mid-12th century, the Arabic geographer Muhammad al-Idrisi mentioned the landmark "Tu(r)ndira". He may either have referred to Tønder itself, or alternatively, to the nearby town of Møgeltønder.
Tønder was granted Hanseatic port privileges in 1243, making it Denmark's oldest privileged market town. In 1532 it was hit by severe floods, with the water levels reaching 1.8 m in St Laurent's church, 5.3 m above sea level. In the 1550s, Tønder's port lost direct access to the sea mainly due to the building of dykes west of town at the direction of Duke Hans the Elder of Schleswig-Holstein-Haderslev (the son of Frederick I of Denmark). The town center is dominated by houses from the late 17th and early 18th century, when the town experienced rapid growth as a result of its lace industry.
Prior to 1864, Tønder was situated in the Duchy of Schleswig, so its history is included in the contentious history of Schleswig-Holstein. In the 1920s, when Schleswig Plebiscite incorporated Northern Schleswig into Denmark, 76.5% of Tønder's inhabitants voted to remain part of Germany and 23.5% voted to join Denmark.
During World War I, a base for zeppelin airships was operated out of Tønder by the German Navy. The former site now houses a museum, named the "Zeppelin and Garrison Museum Tønder". The base was attacked by the British on 19 July 1918, during what is known as the "Tondern raid". Seven Sopwith Camels from the aircraft carrier bombed the base and two of the three Airship hangars were hit. The Zeppelins "L.54" and "L.60" inside one hangar were destroyed and a balloon inside the other was damaged. After this, Tondern was abandoned as an active airship base, and was ordered to be used only as an emergency landing site. A wartime aircraft hangar survives, as do some of the ancillary buildings from the time, but only the foundations remain of the large airship hangars.
After the First World War, Tønder was detached from Germany even though 77% of its voters had voted to remain with the German Empire in the Schleswig Plebiscites. In the following years, German political parties had a majority in the city council, and until 1945, the city was officially bilingual. During World War II, Tønder was the point where the German forces crossed the border to occupy Denmark. Later, Tønder came to host a small, German concentration camp ("see Tønder concentration camp"). Shortly after the re-establishment of the Danish administration, Tønder was the site of a military garrison.
After the end of the German occupation during World War II, the political significance of the German population dwindled considerably. The border situation hindered the development of the city. Nevertheless, some companies settled there. Tourism has also grown in importance. In spite of the improvement in cross-border traffic, the location continued to be a difficulty through the late 20th century. In 1989, a teacher training college opened its doors there. In 2002, the barracks and in the following year, 2003, the hospital was both improved and enhanced to serve again as a private clinic.
Attractions.
Every August, the Tønder Festival offers visitors a wide variety of traditional and modern folk music. The Scouts of Tønder are twinned with Hemyock, in Devon, England, and make exchange trips between the countries every few years.

</doc>
<doc id="20645426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645426" title="Sønderborg">
Sønderborg

Sønderborg ( - (German: ) is a Danish town of Region of Southern Denmark. It is the main town and the administrative seat of Sønderborg Municipality. The town has a population of 27,337 (1 January 2013), in a municipality of 76,793.
Overview.
The town of Sønderborg is home to Sønderborg Castle ("Sønderborg Slot"), the Royal Danish Army's Sergeant School(until 2013) and Sandbjerg Estate ("Sandbjerg Gods", Sundeved) near Sønderborg. Sønderborg castle is in the centre of the town, and houses a museum focusing on the history and culture of the area. The museum is open all year. Sandbjerg Estate, which had belonged for many years to the Dukes of Sønderborg, and then to the Reventlow family, was donated to Aarhus University in 1954. In addition Sønderborg has a castle-like barracks built by the German military in 1906, placed centrally by Als Fjord, opposite Alsion (see picture below). Today the barracks is the home the Danish army NCO school.
The old part of Sønderborg is on the island of Als, but some of its western suburbs have spread onto the mainland of Jutland into what had been the interior of the fort of Dybbøl.
History.
Prior to the Second Schleswig War of 1864, Sønderborg was situated in the Duchy of Schleswig, a Danish fief, so its history is properly included in the contentious history of Schleswig-Holstein. In the 1920 Schleswig Plebiscite that returned Northern Schleswig to Denmark, 43.8% of the city of Sønderborg's inhabitants voted for the cession to Denmark and 56.2% voted for remaining part of Germany.
Education.
Both University of Southern Denmark and University College South () have a branch in Sønderborg.
Geography.
The town of Sønderborg lies on both sides of Alssund; the narrow strait between these two sides is called Als Strait ("Alssund"). Two road bridges connect the city across the strait: the 682-meter Als Strait Bridge ("Alssundbro"), built in 1978-1981; and the 331-meter King Christian X's Bridge ("Kong Christian Xs Bro"), built in 1925-1930.

</doc>
<doc id="20645430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645430" title="Pupilla blandi">
Pupilla blandi

Pupilla blandi, common name the Rocky Mountain column, is a species of very small or minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
Distribution.
This common species occurs in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20645444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645444" title="Viorica Dumitru">
Viorica Dumitru

Viorica Dumitru (born August 4, 1946) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won two bronze medals (1968: K-1 500 m, 1972: K-2 500 m).
Dumitru also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-2 500 m: 1974) and three bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1973, K-4 500 m: 1973, 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="20645453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645453" title="Walking Away a Winner">
Walking Away a Winner

Walking Away a Winner is the eighth studio album released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in May 1994 (see 1994 in country music), eight months after her Christmas album "Good News". "Walking Away a Winner" was the final album of her career to be certified gold by the RIAA. Its title track, which peaked at #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in early 1994, was also her final Top Ten country hit. Following this single were "Nobody's Gonna Rain on Our Parade" at #13, "Maybe She's Human" at #34 and "Clown in Your Rodeo" at #20.
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20645460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645460" title="Hiroshi Uchiyamada and Cool Five">
Hiroshi Uchiyamada and Cool Five

"Hiroshi Uchiyamada is redirected here. The article is written about the band led by a musician named Hiroshi Uchiyamada. For the imaginary person on the Japanese manga "Great Teacher Onizuka", see List of Great Teacher Onizuka characters."
In 1969, the group debuted with the 11th Japan Record Award-winning song "Nagasaki wa Kyou mo Ame datta". 
After the band's founder died of lung cancer in 2006, the remaining members, including Maekawa, reunited. 

</doc>
<doc id="20645464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645464" title="Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy">
Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy

Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy (also known as Mil Mascaras: Resurrection) is a 2007 American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and cult film star Mil Máscaras. It has the distinction of being the first lucha film starring any of the "Big 3" (Santo, Blue Demon, Mil Máscaras) to be produced in English.
Plot.
An Aztec mummy is resurrected in a ceremony in which the blood of a human sacrifice is dripped onto the mummified remains. The mummy possesses a scepter with a jewel that can be used to control people’s minds for purposes of world conquest. Mil Máscaras learns of the mummy’s plans and is determined to thwart him.
When the scepter fails to do so, the mummy attempts to control Mil's mind by exploiting the hallucinogenic effects of Aztec magic mushrooms and the allure of identical twin seductresses.
Cameos.
The film has appearances by some of the most famous wrestlers/luchadores in the world, including El Hijo del Santo (the son of Santo, both in the ring and in real life), Blue Demon, Jr., Harley Race, Dos Caras (Mil Máscaras' real-life brother), Huracán Ramírez, Jr., Neutron, and others. Veteran Hollywood actress P. J. Soles also makes a brief appearance, and Richard Lynch plays the President of the United States.
Critical Response.
The film screened at festivals around the world garnering awards and award nominations along with very positive critical reviews. In particular, a review from the Cine Fantastico festival in Estepona, Spain, suggested that the film may be the best ever made in the traditionally Mexican lucha genre despite being produced in the United States. Reviews from major film critics were similarly positive with PopMatters' Bill Gibron calling it "amazing movie entertainment... rivals any super hero film made in the mainstream" and M. J. Simpson giving it an 'A' (the highest lettergrade).
Similarly positive reviews accompanied the film's theatrical release in 2009 with Fangoria Magazine giving it 3.5 skulls (out of 4). In addition to film festival awards and nominations the film also received a Rondo Award nomination for Best Independent Film (Runner-Up) after its DVD release and was featured in cover articles in Screem Magazine and Filmfax.

</doc>
<doc id="20645468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645468" title="1968 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1968 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1968 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1968. The team's head football coach was Vince Gibson. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium. 
1968 was a significant year in Wildcat football history. KSU Stadium debuted as the new home for the football team, which moved from Memorial Stadium. The team was led by sophomore quarterback Lynn Dickey and finished the season as the best passing offense in the Big Eight.
1968 was also significant for the fact that the Wildcats were ranked for only the second time in school history (the first since 1953), and for the first time in the AP Poll. The team was ranked #20 going in its game against #4 Penn State. The Wildcats went on to lose the game, 25-9, and would not be ranked the rest of the season, although they would return to the rankings in the 1969 season.
1968 was also the last time the Wildcats would beat Nebraska until the 1998 season, and the last time K-State would beat Nebraska in Lincoln until 2003.
Schedule.
!colspan=7| Non-conference Schedule
!colspan=7| Big 8 Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20645491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645491" title="Reynolds Intellectual Assessment Scales">
Reynolds Intellectual Assessment Scales

The Reynolds Intellectual Assessment Scales (RIAS) is an individually administered test of intelligence that includes a co-normed, supplemental measure of memory. It is appropriate for individuals ages 3–94 years.
The RIAS intelligence subtests include Verbal Reasoning (verbal), Guess What (verbal), Odd-Item Out (nonverbal), and What's Missing? (nonverbal). Memory subtests include Verbal Memory and Nonverbal Memory. Included within the RIAS is the Reynolds Intellectual Screening Test (RIST), a quick screener that consists of two RIAS subtests (Guess What and Odd-Item Out) and takes less time to complete than the RIAS.

</doc>
<doc id="20645492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645492" title="Last Chance Harvey">
Last Chance Harvey

Last Chance Harvey is a 2008 British-American romantic drama film written and directed by Joel Hopkins. The screenplay focuses on two lonely people who tentatively forge a relationship over the course of three days. Dustin Hoffman plays an American composer who loses his job and his position of father of the bride in the course of a single day overseas while Emma Thompson plays an airport worker with a jaundiced view of relationships.
Plot.
Divorced American Harvey Shine writes jingles for television commercials, a job not in keeping with his one-time aspiration to be a jazz composer and pianist. His position at work is tenuous as he departs for London to attend his daughter Susan's wedding. Upon arrival at Heathrow Airport, he encounters Kate Walker, a single Londoner who collects statistics from passengers as they pass through the terminals. Tired and anxious to get to his hotel, Harvey brusquely dismisses her when she approaches him to ask questions.
Harvey is upset to discover his ex-wife Jean rented a house to accommodate family and friends from the States but failed to include him. At the rehearsal dinner on the night preceding the wedding, it becomes increasingly clear Harvey is systematically being excluded from the clan around his ex-wife's new husband Brian and is treated as a mere guest. They fake their politeness towards him and make him feel embarrassed and uncomfortable. When Harvey tells Susan, with whom he has shared a strained relationship since his divorce, that he will be attending the ceremony but not the subsequent reception because he needs to return to the States for an important meeting, she informs him she has asked her stepfather Brian to give her away.
Meanwhile, Kate is on a blind date that is not going well. When she returns to the table after taking yet another call from her neurotic mother Maggie, who is certain her Polish neighbor is burying bodies in a shed in his yard, she discovers her date has invited friends to join them. Feeling unwanted and excluded from the conversation, she eventually excuses herself and goes home.
The following morning Harvey attends the wedding but quickly leaves for the airport without congratulating the married couple. But due to heavy traffic delays he misses his flight at Heathrow. When he calls his boss Marvin to advise him he will be returning a day later than planned, he is fired. Determined to drown his sorrows, Harvey goes to an airport bar and sees Kate. Recognizing her from the day before, he apologizes for his rude behavior. She initially resists the attention he is paying her but soon they're both glad to finally have an honest conversation about what they're feeling and thinking.
Harvey follows Kate to the Heathrow Express and, upon arrival at Paddington station, asks if he can walk her to her writing class on the South Bank. She accepts his offer and is pleased when he offers to meet her after class. As they stroll along the River Thames, Harvey mentions he is missing Susan's wedding reception, and Kate urges him to go. He finally relents, but only if she will accompany him. When Kate insists she is not properly dressed for such an occasion, Harvey buys her a dress and the two head to the Grosvenor House Hotel, where they are welcomed coolly by Susan and get two places at the children's table. When the father of the bride is called upon to make a toast, Brian rises and begins to speak until Harvey interrupts. He then delivers an eloquent speech that redeems him with his daughter and endears him to Kate.
Immediately following the first dance of the bride and groom, the groom calls Harvey up to dance with his daughter for the Father-Daughter Dance. He happily does so, and then all the guests join them on the floor for the rumba, tango and other dances, with Harvey enjoying himself on the dance floor, alone. Kate is left at the table, once again in the same position as when she was on her blind date. Her smile becomes more strained as she looks about and sees herself alone at the table in a room of strangers for several dances, Harvey having apparently forgotten she was there. When she surmises he will not be coming to ask her to dance, her smile disappears and she quietly leaves the room and stands in front of the elevator, preparing to leave.
Harvey, now looking for Kate, goes into the corridor and seeing her waiting for the elevator, he disappears into a side annex with a piano and begins to softly play one of his own jazz compositions for her. She hears the music and follows it, finding Harvey smiling and waiting for her. He asks her to return to the reception to dance and stay with him. She smiles and agrees. 
Following the reception, Harvey and Kate walk and talk until dawn. They exchange a single, gentle kiss and agree to meet at noon. At his hotel, Harvey experiences serious heart palpitations and is rushed to the hospital, where he receives a call from Marvin who, having discovered his employee is more indispensable than he thought, urges him to return to work as soon as possible. Harvey decides he prefers to remain in London and explore the possibility of a relationship with Kate. He tracks her down at her writing class and reveals why he missed their rendezvous. Overly cautious about romance because of so many past disappointments, Kate initially resists his suggestion that they see what the future might bring them, but finally agrees to give things a chance.
As they slowly stroll away, Harvey invites Kate to ask him the questions she would have asked him at the airport terminal, and this time, he happily answers, telling her his place of residence "...is in transition."
Production.
According to interviews with Emma Thompson and Dustin Hoffman in "An Unconventional Love Story: The Making of Last Chance Harvey", a bonus feature on the DVD release of the film, both had been anxious to work with each other again ever since completing "Stranger Than Fiction". When screenwriter/director Joel Hopkins approached her with the script, Thompson suggested he tailor it to accommodate Hoffman, who agreed to portray Harvey if Hopkins would allow his actors the leeway to improvise some of their scenes. Hopkins complied, and several of Harvey and Kate's conversations were ad-libbed while keeping within the dictates of the plot.
London locations seen in the film include Belsize Park, Green Park, Maida Vale, the Millennium Dome on the Greenwich peninsula, the Millennium Bridge, the Royal National Theatre at Southbank Centre, Paddington station, Somerset House, St. John's Wood, Waterloo Bridge, and Stansted Airport in Essex.
Critical reception.
As of August 14, 2009, the film holds a 70% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 146 reviews, and a Metacritic score of 57 out of 100, based on 27 reviews.
Manohla Dargis of the "New York Times" admitted "there’s something irresistible about watching two people fall in love, even in contrived, sniffle- and sometimes gag-inducing films like "Last Chance Harvey" . . . I reluctantly gave in to this imperfect movie, despite the cornball dialogue, pedestrian filmmaking, some wincing physical comedy and Mr. Hoffman’s habit of trying to win the audience over by simply staring at the camera with a hapless deadpan that says: Look at me, I’m still cute as a button, still cute as Benjamin in "The Graduate", and I’m still kind of lost and still very much in need of your love." 
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" called the film a "tremendously appealing love story surrounded by a movie not worthy of it. For Dustin Hoffman . . . it provides a rare chance to play ... an ordinary guy. For Emma Thompson, there is an opportunity to use her gifts for tact and insecurity . . . When "Last Chance Harvey" gets out of their way and leaves them alone to relate with each other, it's sort of magical. Then the lumber of the plot apparatus is trundled on, and we wish it were a piece for two players . . . good is very good . . . Pitch perfect. But then the dialogue fades down, and the camera pulls back and shows them talking and smiling freely, and the music gets happier, and there is a montage showing them walking about London with lots and lots of scenery in the frame . . . "Last Chance Harvey" has everything it needs but won't stop there. It needs the nerve to push all the way. It is a pleasure to look upon the faces of Hoffman and Thompson, so pleasant, so real. Their dialogue together finds the right notes for crossing an emotional minefield. They never descend into tear-jerking or cuteness. They are all grown up and don't trust love nearly as much as straight talk. Hopkins deserves credit for creating these characters. Then he should have stood back and let them keep right on talking. Their pillow talk would have been spellbinding." 
Mick LaSalle of the "San Francisco Chronicle" observed, "One's enjoyment of "Last Chance Harvey" will depend on how suitable one considers the pairing of these characters and how felicitous one considers the pairing of these performers. The latter is most important, because if you enjoy Hoffman and Thompson together, you might be able to overlook the ghastly prospect of poor Kate's throwing her life away on this guy. To be sure, Thompson and Hoffman are watchable and engaging, and that counts for something. But they don't look right as a couple, and each is more interesting in his or her scenes apart than they are together." 
Owen Gleiberman of "Entertainment Weekly" graded the film B-, calling it "a losers-in-love comedy with no big surprises, but in the age of Internet dating, the prospect of two strangers trying this valiantly to connect in public carries a dash of romantic heroism . . . These two deserved the intimate incandescence of their own "Before Sunrise", rather than the slightly generic sentimentality of a cross-Atlantic "Marty". But Hoffman and Thompson are each good enough to bring out a glow in the other." 
Marjorie Baumgarten of the "Austin Chronicle" said, "With its thin plot and its title character an American abroad in London, "Last Chance Harvey" comes across as something like a "Before Sunrise" for the less-than-nubile set. Were that writer/director Hopkins' dialogue and visualization as scintillating as Richard Linklater's is in his "Sunrise"/"Sunset" romances. Of course, the combined acting brilliance of Hoffman and Thompson could elevate the hoariest of clichés and turn almost anything they touch golden – and that is most often the case with "Last Chance Harvey". But no one's skills can transcend the kooky banality of a trying-on-dresses montage or burnish the somewhat creepy way in which Harvey first comes on to Kate. Still, these two prove a pleasure to watch, and their conversations are realistic troves of give and take . . . Middle-aged romances are, sadly, hard to find on the silver screen, so it's with some hesitation I pronounce "Last Chance Harvey" not up to snuff. Yet if we are to see any more romances starring characters old enough to have witnessed both Hoffman and Thompson winning Oscars, it's our responsibility to go out and support this one." 
Claudia Puig of "USA Today" noted, "The film's biggest asset is the pitch-perfect performances of the two stars. They have a gentle rapport that unfolds convincingly after some initial testiness. It takes two consummate actors to make quickly escalating chemistry feel so natural. We find ourselves heartily rooting for them. Hoffman and Thompson rise above the sometimes obvious story arc, and the result is a surprisingly tender and appealing love story." 
Joshua Rothkopf of "Time Out New York" rated the film three out of five stars and commented, "If anything can be said to be wrong with so benign an affair, it’s simply that "Last Chance Harvey" doesn’t feel much like cinema. Little excites the material visually; the film’s dully lensed Blighty lends nothing to the drama. But to watch Hoffman and Thompson work the lines is to witness two extremely unlikely stars recapture the essence of their appeal: The tiny neurotic is suddenly Romeo again, while the cool Brit melts in the light of affection. For some, that will be enough." 
Awards and nominations.
Dustin Hoffman was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy but lost to Colin Farrell in "In Bruges". Emma Thompson was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy but lost to Sally Hawkins in "Happy-Go-Lucky".
Home media.
Anchor Bay Entertainment released the film on a two-disc DVD set on May 5, 2009. On Disc One the film is presented in anamorphic widescreen format with an audio track in English and subtitles in English and Spanish. Bonus features include commentary with Joel Hopkins, Dustin Hoffman, and Emma Thompson, "An Unconventional Love Story: The Making of Last Chance Harvey", and the theatrical trailer. Disc Two presents the film in fullscreen format.

</doc>
<doc id="20645503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645503" title="Truth Unveiled by Time (Bernini)">
Truth Unveiled by Time (Bernini)

Truth Unveiled by Time is a marble sculpture by Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Executed between 1646 and 1652, Bernini intended to show "Truth" allegorically as a naked young woman being unveiled by a figure of "Time" above her, but the figure of "Time" was never executed. Bernini still expressed a wish to add the figure as late as 1665.
Bernini's rationale for creating the work was, according to his son Domenico, as a sculptural retort to attacks from opponents criticising his failed project to build two towers onto the front of St. Peter's Basilica. Cracks had appeared in the facade due to the inability of the foundations to support the towers and Bernini's architectural expansion received the blame, although historians are unsure as to the validity of this legend. 
Bernini began the preparatory work for Truth Unveiled by Time in 1645, during the critical period after the death of his main patron pope Urban VIII, and the figure of Truth was largely complete by 1652. Despite never completing the figure of Time, Bernini left the sculpture in his will in perpetuity to the first-born of the Bernini family; although in actual fact Bernini tried to sell the work to Cardinal Mazarin of France. It remained in the family (displayed on a tilted stucco block during the 19th century) until 1924, when it was purchased by the Italian government and transferred to its current home on a plinth in room VIII of the Galleria Borghese. Its plinth there was originally tilted but it is now on a flat plinth after a recent restoration, leaving Truth more upright as it was originally displayed.

</doc>
<doc id="20645509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645509" title="Sachin Gupta (musician)">
Sachin Gupta (musician)

Sachin Gupta (born August 12, 1981 in New Delhi) is an Indian Music Director, Composer, Guitar Player, Record Producer and a Singer. His work has spanned everything from playing live shows with his previous band 'Mrigya' to composing indie pop albums for artists like Atif Aslam, Alisha Chinoy, Jal, Ahmed Jahanzeb, Apache Indian and Mika among others. Termed by international media as the 'Flying Finger Melodies'. His music, as he says, is inspired by real life instances, while his guitar playing has been heavily influenced by Yngwie Malmsteen.
Biography.
Sachin Gupta was born in a family of doctors and has studied science at school level. He was in Frank Anthony and spent a couple of years in Apeejay School in New Delhi. Having gotten through IIT-Delhi in Mechanical Engineering, Sachin decided to instead study physics (honours) and went to Sri Venkateswara College in Delhi University. But after a year, he moved to study B.Com (Hons) at Shahid Bhagat Singh College while pursuing music simultaneously. He was introduced to the guitar at the age of 7 by his mother and ever since, he took music as his calling in life.
He has performed at over 600 concerts across various countries including Dubai, London, Singapore, New Zealand and Australia that has included major music festivals such as the Jazz Fest, Edinburgh Fest and Scotland Fest. He met with the Vice President of TIPS Films in London during one of his shows, and he moved to Mumbai in 2005. A progression into Bollywood came naturally to him.
Career.
Indie pop.
Sachin has made a variety of songs under various genres. His rock tones in his compositions for Atif Aslam's "Doorie" brought him fame in dismal indie music scene. He has composed and produced tracks on Mika's album "Dunali", Ashok Masti's "Clap on the Beat" and Alisha Chinnoy's "Shut Up N Kiss Me". He also produced tracks for Apache Indian and UK based Khiza. Other names include Pakistani artists Jal, Adeel and Ahmed Jahanzeb. Presently Sachin is working on two Indian bands, Rooh and Ni9NE.
Film career.
Sachin ventured into Bollywood with the two promotional tracks called "Yaad Aaye Woh Pal" and "Farishta" for the Jimmy Shergill-KK Menon starrer Strangers released in 2007. His first full-fledged film is Dil Kabaddi that stars Irrfan Khan, Soha Ali Khan, Rahul Bose, Konkona Sen Sharma and Rahul Khanna. His music is a mix of reggaeton beats in the groovy "Utha Le Ya Phek De". He shared his voice with Jaspreet Singh for the single "Ehsaan" which is a soulful melody. He also directed Rahat Fateh Ali Khan on the track "Zindagi Ye" in the same film. His music in the film Bolo Raam has a nice contemporary sound and is somewhat different than Sachin's earlier works. The songs "Maa" and "Tere Ishq Mein" are cord-touching soulful numbers.
He was featured in "Prince", a TIPS film with Kumar Taurani that has Viveik Oberoi in the lead. His second film was Manoj Bajpai starrer Jugaad. The rock version of its title track "Tension Lene Ka Nahin Dene Ka" which was introduced in Ni9NE, got rave reviews from public. His music for the movie Jo Hum Chahein that had lyrics by Kumaar was widely appreciated for its complete soundtrack appeal, his next film album is for Yash Raj Films youth film division Y-Films production Mere Dad Ki Maruti where he teams up with lyricist Kumaar again.

</doc>
<doc id="20645537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645537" title="StegoShare">
StegoShare

StegoShare is a steganography tool, that allows to embed large files into multiple images. It may be used for anonymous file sharing.
Use in the file sharing networks.
This software can be easily used for anonymous file sharing. An uploader downloads legal images from a public photo hosting site, and embeds the censored file into those images. The uploader then uploads pictures to the public photo torrent tracker and puts the links referencing the stego pictures with censored file's description on a forum or blog. Downloaders, seeders, and public photo trackers, if caught distributing illegal files, are protected from legal prosecution, because they can always use plausible deniability, saying that they knew nothing about the illicit file in the images. This is impossible to prove otherwise, as the human eye cannot differentiate between an ordinary image and a picture with hidden embedded file.

</doc>
<doc id="20645542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645542" title="Anti-Terrorist Squad">
Anti-Terrorist Squad

Anti-Terrorist Squad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20645544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645544" title="A. Bernard Ackerman">
A. Bernard Ackerman

Albert Bernard Ackerman (November 22, 1936 – December 5, 2008) was an American physician described by "The New York Times" as "a founding figure in the field of dermatopathology".
Ackerman was born on November 22, 1936, as one of two sons of a prominent orthodontist in Elizabeth, New Jersey. He attended Phillips Academy, located in Andover, Massachusetts. After earning an undergraduate degree in philosophy and theology from Princeton University, he received his medical degree from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. He had his residency training in dermatology at Columbia University, the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard University, where he served his third year of residency in dermatology and a fellowship in dermatopathology at Massachusetts General Hospital. Ackerman interrupted his house-officership to serve two years in the military at Andrews Air Force Base.
Dr. Ackerman joined the faculties of the University of Miami in 1969 and New York University School of Medicine in 1973. He was a member of the Department of Dermatology at New York University Medical center from 1973 to 1992. During this time, in 1979, he founded the International Society of Dermatopathology. He also founded two journals during this time, "The American Journal of Dermatopathology", and "Dermatopathology: Practical and Conceptual".
The publication of his 1978 book, Histopathologic Diagnosis of Nevi and Melanoma was a landmark both in Ackerman's career and for the profile of dermatopathology. It is one of the few medical texts that looks like a coffee table art book. It introduced the concept of pattern diagnosis- the examination of a slide at scanning magnification and analysis of the silhouette of lesion rather than of its cells to a large audience. It also was organized by an algorithm rather than by disease, as opposed to most pathology or dermatology textbooks.
Starting in 1992, he became a member of the faculty of Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia. He established the Ackerman Academy of Dermatopathology in New York City in 1999 to provide training in the diagnosis of skin diseases. Now the largest of its kind in the world, it is owned by Quest Diagnostics.
In 2004, Ackerman endowed the A. Bernard Ackerman Endowment for the Culture of Medicine at Harvard University to encourage collaboration among the Faculty of Arts and Sciences and Harvard Medical School to help foster the interdisciplinary aspects of the relationship between physicians and their patients.
Ackerman was a longtime critic of the argument that sun exposure should be avoided, stating that the risk of wrinkles or squamous cell carcinoma from exposure to the sun needs to be balanced against the advantages from exposure to ultraviolet radiation, a position he advocated in his book "The Sun and the "Epidemic" of Melanoma: Myth on Myth!". "The New York Times" reported on Ackerman's return from a trip to Israel from which he returned deeply tanned having not used any sunscreen. Ackerman insisted that the causal connection between melanoma and sun exposure was not proven and that the sun should be avoided to prevent skin aging, but that it would be a mistake to assume that avoiding sunlight or using sunscreens would protect an individual from melanoma.
The American Academy of Dermatology recognized Ackerman in 2004 with its Master Dermatologist Award which recognizes "an Academy member who throughout the span of his or her career has made significant contributions to the specialty of dermatology" and to the leadership and education programs of the Academy.
He wrote some 700 papers and 60 books and provided expert testimony at 200 trials. One of his final papers, published in the "Archives of Dermatology" in 2008, was titled "An Inquiry Into the Nature of the Pigmented Lesion Above Franklin Delano Roosevelt's Left Eyebrow", in which Ackerman argued that the failure of Roosevelt's physicians to consider the possibility of melanoma shows the flaws in medical wisdom at the time for diagnosing such lesions.
Ackerman died at age 72 on December 5, 2008 of an acute cardiovascular event at his home in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="20645600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645600" title="Prater Liliputbahn">
Prater Liliputbahn

The Prater Liliputbahn is a gauge light railway in Vienna, Austria. Opened in 1928, and extended in 1933, the railway operates primarily as a tourist attraction, but also providing transport links around the wider area of the Prater park, the amusement park (Wurstelprater), and the sports stadium. Although a year-round service was provided for many years, it is now more common for the railway to close during the months of December, January, and February. Originally steam-operated, the railway now uses a mixture of steam and diesel motive power. The railway can be reached by bus, tram, or metro from central Vienna, followed by a short walk, but following the extension of tram line 1, there is now a direct interchange with the Vienna tram network at the railway's Rotunda Station.
History.
Opened on 1 May 1928, the line runs for almost 4 kilometres around the Prater park, an extensive public recreation area in the Austrian capital. A celebration of the centenary of the death of composer Franz Schubert occasioned the original construction of the railway. At its opening it ran for 2 kilometers to the current Rotunda Station. A design of gauge locomotive was drawn up in 1923 by Chief Engineer Martens of the Munich-based Krauss and Company engineering company, based on a German standard gauge 4-6-2 design, and 20 of these locomotives were built between 1925 and 1950. Three from the second batch were ordered for the Prater Liliputbahn, and two were delivered, and are still operating there today; the order for the third engine was cancelled. The railway was extended in 1933, almost doubling its length. The full running line of 3.95 kilometres is marked throughout at 100 metre intervals with white-painted stone mileposts.
Stations.
Although there is no 'true' terminus station, as both ends of the line feature return balloon loops, Prater Hauptbahnhof and Rotunde were originally built to serve the two ends of the original (shorter) railway. When the line was extended to the Ernst-Happel sports stadium in 1933 a new 'terminus' was constructed. The newest station opened in 2011 (see below), in conjunction with local business interests. The mainline is double track throughout, allowing multiple trains to operate in both directions simultaneously.
Prater Hauptbahnhof.
Situated within the Prater amusement park, this station (English: Prater Central Station) is the headquarters of the railway. Facilities include a large staff room, a ticket office, facilities for coaling and watering steam locomotives, and (nearby) the main railway depot comprising a three-road steam shed, and a large carriage shed which doubles as a home for the diesel locomotives. There are two platforms, both on the 'outside' of the balloon loop, and effectively forming two stations (sometimes referred to as Prater Arrival and Prater Departure). For most of its history the railway has required passengers to alight at one platform, and board at the other, as a means of passenger control. However, this practice has been gradually phased out in the early years of the twenty-first century, and had ended by 2011. The former 'arrival' platform is now disused, but still in place.
Schweizerhaus Luftburg.
This new station was opened in March 2011 in time for the new 'season' of the Prater park. The station's unusual name (English: Swiss House - Air Castle) is the result of naming it after two nearby businesses, in conjunction with which the station has been built. Schweizerhaus is a bar, and Luftburg a restaurant, both located just outside the Prater amusement park, on the way into the public park. The station has only one platform, as trains only stop in the eastbound direction (coming out of the Prater park). Westbound trains slow down, but do not stop, and a fence separates them from the station platform.
Rotunde.
Once the easterly limit of the railway, this station (English: Rotunda Station) has been an intermediate station since 1933. It features two platforms and an attractive station building with ticket office. Having survived its reduction in status, and a subsequent falling off of passenger numbers, Rotunde has experienced a significant increase in traffic following the completion of a new tram line operating from Vienna city centre to the Rotunda. Trams terminate at a new tram stop (with balloon loop) less than a minute's walk from Rotunda Station, giving the Prater Liliputbahn a direct connection onto the Vienna public transport system.
Ernst-Happel-Stadion.
The line ends in fairly dense woodland, west of the Ernst Happel sports stadium. The station (English: Stadium Station) has a single platform located on the entrance to the balloon loop, and is provided with a ticket office. Immediately after leaving the station, trains turn sharply into the loop, running through mature trees, until the line has fully looped back onto itself, for the return journey.
Locomotives.
Steam engines.
The two original 4-6-2 'Pacific' steam locomotives are still in operation, numbered 1 and 2. They are used in summer high-season operations. Three such engines were ordered from Krauss & Company, but the third was cancelled before delivery, due to initially poor passenger numbers. This third locomotive had, however, already been built. The builders, Krauss, who had sent the first three locomotives of this class to a Munich transport exhibition in 1925, and subsequently on tour (with positive sales results) now used the 'spare' locomotive for similar tours of engineering exhibitions. Its eventual fate is unknown. However, after the 1933 lengthening of the line, traffic increased, and eventually a third locomotive was again required. It was ordered from Krauss, who were still constructing the same class of locomotive as Nos 1 and 2 (construction continued until 1950) and entered service as No 3 in 1942. This third locomotive was subsequently withdrawn and scrapped, its wheels and frames being used to construct a diesel locomotive, still in service as locomotive D2. The original boiler of No 3 is still on static display in the Prater park.
Diesel engines.
During the bulk of the year the railway is operated by its four diesel locomotives, numbered D1 to D4. Locomotive D4 underwent an extensive rebuild and renewal in 2009, following several years out of service. Although none of the locomotives carries nameplates, and the official website makes no mention of locomotive names, the English translation website of the railway company "does" assign names to each of the locomotives currently in service. The diesel engines provide year-round service, even when the steam engines are in use, as the high season operation of the line requires three locomotives off-peak, and four locomotives at peak times.
Environmental upgrade.
Following extensive conversations with local authorities and environmental groups, the Prater Liliputbahn has become a world pioneer in the use of environmentally friendly miniature railway locomotion. A refurbishment programme commenced in 2008, with the diesel locomotives converted (in numerical order, starting with engine D1) to burning recycled vegetable oil. The effect is carbon-neutral operation. Locomotive D4 was harder to convert, owing to its engine type, but by 2010 all diesel locomotives had been converted. These engines are now powered by vegetable oil recycled from the restaurants of the Prater amusement park.
Rolling stock.
An extensive stock of passenger coaches is sufficient to operate four passenger trains simultaneously. There is also a limited stock of wagons, used for maintenance purposes. The standard passenger carriage has 16 seats, in four compartments, of four seats each, two facing the direction of travel, and two with backs to the direction of travel. Each standard coach will therefore accommodate sixteen adults, or a larger number of children. A small number of coaches have received alteration so as to be able to accommodate wheel chairs. One coach has a non-standard seating pattern, with bench type seats around the four sides of a central table in one half of the carriage, and standard compartments in the other half. There are no specialist vehicles for luggage or guards, but a compartment is reserved for the train guard on each train.
The current passenger coaches, although rebuilt and repaired with time, still operate on the original frames. In normal operation each train consists of a set of six carriages. There are twenty-four principal carriages, made up into four train sets, and currently each individual set is painted in a particular livery, including two that advertise local businesses. Passenger coaches and goods wagons are maintained on site by the railway's staff.
External links.
The railway's website - mostly in German, but with a limited English-language section.

</doc>
<doc id="20645603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645603" title="Moldavian Plateau">
Moldavian Plateau

The Moldavian Plateau () or Pokutian-Bessarabian Upland is a geographic area spanning northeast Romania, most of Moldova (except the south), and most of the Chernivtsi Oblast of Ukraine.
Limits.
The Moldavian Plateau is bounded (in clockwise order):
The Moldavian Plateau composes over two-thirds of the territory of the medieval Principality of Moldavia, with the Eastern Carpathian Mountains and the Bugeac Plain representing the remaining part. This fact is the origin of the name of the plateau. This geographic area (including Eastern Carpathians and the Bugeac) is also called (especially by historians) the Carpathian-Dniester-Pontic region, or the Carpathian-Dniester region, since it is bounded by the Carpathians to the west, by the river Dniester to the north and east, and by the Black Sea ("Pontus Euxinus") and the Danube to the south-east and south.
Genesis.
The Moldavian Plateau was formed at the end of the Neogene through sediments, over an old continental platform, the East European Platform. Afterwards, the settled sediments, which were brought in by rivers from the Carpathian Mountains, were modeled by the elements giving the plateau its current aspect. The materials that formed the sediments are gravel and sand. Hardened, they formed gritstones. All over the plateau, the latter are interspersed with clays, or badlands, which produce landslides.
The slope of the terrain follows the direction of the rivers: from northwest to southeast. Along them, the altitude decreases from to under . The strata are disposed in North-South and northwest-southeast aligned layers, producing asymmetric valleys and ridges. Among the latter are the steep edge of the Bârlad Plateau (), known as the Iaşi Ridge (), the edge of the Central Moldavian Plateau (), known as the Corneşti Hills, and the edge of the Dniester Hills, known as the Dniester Ridge. 
The relief in the valleys of the rivers and creeks is quite conspicuous, so that the valleys have large terraces and hillocks. The Siret Passage (), ramified in the north with the Moldova Valley, and Suceava Valley cuts the main part of the plateau from the Moldavian Subcarpathians. The Prut Passage cuts the Plateau in half in the north-south direction. The Dniester Passage bounds it from the Podolian Plateau and the Pontic Plain. Its ramification Răut Passage separates the main part of the Moldavian Plateau from the Dniester Hills
Composition.
The Moldavian Plateau comprises several distinct regions:
Climate.
The climate of this plateau is transitional Temperate Continental. Overall, the altitude affects the climate, with annual mean temperatures in the Suceava Plateau ranging between and and precipitation of to per year and, with annual mean temperatures of to and precipitation of to in the Moldavian Plain or Bârlad Plateau.
The main influence on the climate is Dry Continental with frequent cold north winds in winter. In the Suceava Plateau and the Dniester Hills, there is an influence of Scandinavo-Baltic climate with the circulation of masses of polar air in the winter.
Waters.
Streams on the plateau flow into the Siret, Prut, or Dneister rivers. 
The Prut has the Jijia as its principal tributary. 
The Siret traverses and—with the exception of the Subcarpathians—limits the Moldavian Plateau 
The lack of precipitaion has required water management in the Jijia Plain and in the Bălţi steppe which serves as a reservoir and for fish farming; Lake Dracşani is the most largest of these.
Other bodies of water are the rivers Siret and Prut (Lake Stânca-Costeşti, Lake Dubăsari), in the Siret Passage.
Natural resources.
The Moldavian Plateau holds hydrocarbon resources (petroleum and the associated gases), which are extracted in the southwest portion. In the northwest are found Romania's most important reserves of kaolin (china clay), extracted and used to produce porcelain. 
Hemp is cultivated in the Suceava plateau, cereals and wine grapes ("Vitis vinifera") in the Jijia Plain, Bălţi steppe, Bârlad Plateau and Central Moldavian Plateau. In the Siret Passage they cultivate potatoes and sugar beets.
Animals.
Characteristic of the plateau are mammals such as goats, wild boars, wolves, foxes, European wildcats, lynxes, badgers, and hares. Birds include black grouse, woodpeckers, cuckoos, pheasants, quails, hawks, owls, and fish include perch and the carp-like barbel.

</doc>
<doc id="20645634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645634" title="Carlos Martínez Alonso">
Carlos Martínez Alonso

Carlos Martínez Alonso is the current State Secretary for Research in the Spanish Ministry for Science and Innovation. He was born in Villasimpliz (Pola de Gordón), León Province, on January 9, 1950. In 1974 he obtained a chemistry degree from the Universidad Complutense of Madrid. Four years later he obtained a Ph.D. by the same university.
He is a member of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) and was the president of the European Molecular Biology Conference from 1995 to 1999, and vice-president of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) in Heidelberg. He is member of the editorial committee of various international journals, and author to more than 400 articles in such scientific journals. In 2004 he was elected president of the Spanish Spanish National Research Council (CSIC). In April 2008 he moved from this position to his present one in the Ministry for Science and Innovation, and was substituted by Rafael Rodrigo Montero at the CSIC presidency.

</doc>
<doc id="20645640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645640" title="Index of French Guiana-related articles">
Index of French Guiana-related articles

Articles related to the French overseas department of Guiana "(Région Guyane)" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20645641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645641" title="Anna Pfeffer">
Anna Pfeffer

Anna Pfeffer (born 31 August 1945) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s. She is Jewish.
Competing in three Summer Olympics, she won three medals with two silvers (K-2 500 m: 1968, 1976) and one bronze (1972: K-1 500 m).
Pfeffer also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 500 m: 1971), a silver (K-4 500 m: 1973), and two bronzes (K-2 500 m: 1966, 1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20645642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645642" title="Alan Wilkins">
Alan Wilkins

Alan Wilkins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20645656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645656" title="National Football League (1902)">
National Football League (1902)

The National Football League (NFL) was the first attempt at forming a national professional football league in 1902. This league has no ties with the modern National Football League. In fact the league was only composed of teams from Pennsylvania, which meant it was actually regional, despite having locations in the two largest cities in Pennsylvania. Two of the teams were based in Philadelphia, while the third was based in Pittsburgh. This NFL was a curious mixture of football players and baseball players who adapted to playing football. Future Baseball Hall of Famer Rube Waddell was with the Philadelphia Athletics, and pitcher Christy Mathewson a fullback for Pittsburgh. Two of the three teams were owned by the Philadelphia Phillies and Philadelphia Athletics, with the third team suspected of being owned by the Pittsburgh Pirates. The league folded after the 1902 season.
History.
Founding.
Ironically the roots of the league lie with baseball, not football. It began as a part of the baseball wars between the National League and the new American League that began in 1901. In Philadelphia the AL's Athletics lured several of the NL's Phillies from their contracts, only to lose them through court action. When Phillies owner John Rogers decided to start a football team, the Athletics followed suit. A's owner Ben Shibe fielded a team made-up of several baseball players as well as some local football talent. He appointed his baseball manager Connie Mack as the team's general manager and named former Penn player Charles "Blondy" Wallace as the team's coach. Each Philadelphia team was named after their respective baseball clubs and became the Athletics and Philadelphia Phillies. 
However, both Rogers and Shibe knew that to lay claim (to what they hoped would be) the "World Championship"; they had to play a team from Pittsburgh, which was the focal point of football at the time. They called on pro football promoter Dave Berry, and a Pittsburgh team was soon formed around a championship team from Homestead. This team was named the Stars, after the number of football players on the team who were considered football stars during the era. The team was owned and operated by Berry, the former manager of the Latrobe Athletic Association. However many historians believe that due to Berry's limited wealth and the amount of talent on team, that Pittsburgh Pirates owner Barney Dreyfuss and Pirates president William Chase Temple may have secretly owned the team. The first league had no bylaws, no offices and no schedule-making powers. However three of the top professional football teams in country helped make up for those shortfalls.
These three teams are all that made up the 1902 NFL. Due to the animosity that existed between Philadelphia's Shibe and Rogers, Dave Berry was picked to the league's president. Attempts were initially made to expand the league outside of Pennsylvania into other major cites like Chicago and New York City. However neither city was interested in joining the league at the time.
1902 season.
With all the baseball involvement, training did not get underway for the football teams until September 29, 1902, with the season was scheduled to open a week later on October 4. However, most of the players were already in shape. Besides the baseball players, many of the others had jobs that kept them in good condition. For example, Pittsburgh halfback, Artie Miller, came in after a summer's lumberjacking in the Wisconsin woods. To make the preseason even less stressful, the average football team in 1902 only used about a half-dozen plays and they were all standard. 
The league played all of its games on Saturdays, since there were no Sunday sports events according to Pennsylvania blue laws in 1902. The Pittsburgh team played all of its home games at the North Shore Coliseum, while the two Philadlephia teams used their own respective baseball stadiums, Columbia Park and the Baker Bowl, for home games. Each team played two games against each of other two teams. When they were not playing each other, the teams played various teams from colleges and athletic clubs from Pennsylvania and southern New York state.
On Thanksgiving Day 1902, Berry billed a game between the Stars and the Athletics as being for the championship of the National Football League. The Athletics had split on the season with the Phillies, as had Pittsburgh. Although a Philadelphia victory on Thanksgiving would give the A's the championship hands down, a win by the Stars could tie the league race tighter. Mack readied his A's for the big game by playing an exhibition tour through northern Pennsylvania and southern New York. In Elmira, New York the Athletics joined in the first night game in pro football history. Lights were set up along the sidelines and giant searchlights glared from behind the goal posts. The A's won the game 39–0 over the Kanaweola Athletic Club.
1902 championship first attempt.
When Mack agreed to Berry's championship game, he was promised $2,000 for his team's participation. However when he arrived in Pittsburgh, he saw that the stands were pretty much empty and since his $2,000 came from the ticket sales at the gate, it looked as if he wouldn't be getting his $2,000 and his team would be stranded, with no money, in Pittsburgh. Therefore seeing no reason to take the field, Mack refused to play until his team was paid their promised share of the gate, $2,000. It looked as if the game would not be played. However Mack received a check for $2,000 from William Corey, the head of Carnegie Steel, who impatiently wanted to see the game, and the game soon began. Corey got his money's worth, if he liked evenly matched games. Both teams played at their best to a scoreless tie. It was a fair verdict, but Berry's "championship game" hadn't decided anything.
1902 championship.
Another championship game was soon planned between Berry and Mack. Because of a lack of funds Berry almost ended up cancelling the game. However, he later promised to his players they would all share equally in Saturday's game, which was sure to be a sell-out. After some complaints were addressed, everything was set. The crowd was a little better on Saturday, but not much. About 2,000fans showed up, and the players knew before the game began that they were going to come up short at pay time. The game looked like it might once again end in a tie. However a late touchdown by Ellis and another by Artie Miller led Pittsburgh to an 11–0 win over the Athletics.
Afterwards.
Not many fans noticed the championship win. The Pittsburgh players were too busy suing Temple for their Thanksgiving Day money to do much gloating over their victory, and the story disappeared from the newspapers before the suit was settled. Most of the players tried it again with Franklin or Canton or Massillon in the next few years. The Philadelphia Athletics went home and beat the Phillies to wrap up second place. It was a nice win and gave them the city championship, but that was all that it was; the season was won by Pittsburgh the week before.
Meanwhile several members of the Athletics and the Phillies went on to play in the first World Series of Pro football on a team erroneously named "New York" at Madison Square Garden (the "error" was deliberate as the tournament's founder felt that the combined team was the best in the event, and bestowed upon them home field advantage for the tournament). New York and Syracuse AC played in the first indoor football game in front of 3,000 spectators, on December 28, 1902. Syracuse, with Glenn Scobey "Pop" Warner at offensive guard, won the game 6–0 and went on to win the tournament.
The league quietly folded, and the war between the baseball leagues was resolved the next spring. While the NFL thrived in Philadelphia, it never took hold in Pittsburgh, where professional football had already had its moment in the spotlight come and go over the previous decade. Public relations errors by Berry resulted in a lukewarm reaction to the franchise. Many Pittsburghers followed their local athletic clubs and colleges more than the Stars. In fact the Washington and Jefferson Presidents football team had a much greater following than the Stars. The league had been slightly ahead of its time; it would not be until 1920 that the idea for a true "national football league" would come to be accepted.
Controversy.
With the win, A's players decided to call the Stars game an exhibition, and declared themselves the champs. However the team had agreed to that season-ending championship game against Pittsburgh the Saturday after Thanksgiving, and they had lost it. This was recognized by all parties at the time as the championship game. Each team carried a record of 2–2 for league play. Pittsburgh had by far the better point ratio, scoring 39 points to their opponents' 22. Both the Athletics and the Phillies gave up more points than they scored in their league games. Finally Dave Berry used his power as league president and named his Stars the 1905 champions.
1917 restart attempt.
In 1917, an unnamed representative from a professional football club in Detroit attempted to start a professional football league, based on the model of the 1902 NFL. The plan called for the league to be backed by Major League Baseball, with the teams to be based in Chicago, New York City, Detroit, Michigan, Pittsburgh, Indianapolis, Cleveland and Columbus. Several of these metropolitan areas and cities had existing professional clubs in the Ohio League and various other "major regional" leagues of the era, such as the Detroit Heralds, Columbus Panhandles, and the McKeesport Olympics (in the Pittsburgh metro area), and Cleveland, though it did not have an Ohio League team at the time, was not very far away from the Northeast Ohio trifecta of dominant pro football teams: the Canton Bulldogs, Akron Pros and Massillon Tigers. Philadelphia also had a strong semi-pro football circuit, which included (among other teams) the Union Club of Phoenixville, 30 miles northeast of Philadelphia.
Under the proposal, teams would then begin play immediately after baseball season concluded and continue as long "as the weather is favorable." To build name recognition, it was determined that those baseball players with sufficient football skill would be featured on league rosters with the remaining slots filled by ex-college football players. The games would be played in the baseball parks such as Forbes Field, Comiskey Park, the Polo Grounds and Navin Field. 
The unnamed agent pitched the idea to Frank Navin, the owner of Detroit Tigers, and Charles Comiskey, the owner of the Chicago White Sox. Comiskey was told reporters, "If pro football can be made to pay it will be an answer to a problem that has confronted baseball owners since the game started. For years we have been going along using our ballparks three months in a year, only to see the property lie idle the other nine months." He then stated that he would take the upcoming week to think over the proposal. 
The story was only closely examined by only two national newspapers, the "Philadelphia Inquirer" and "Los Angeles Times". On January 4, 1917, an editorial in the "Inquirer" declared the idea "no good in Philadelphia" and supported their conclusion by citing a similar idea of fifteen years earlier, which was "long remembered as a failure". The commentary ended with a statement that college football was too big and would always draw a bigger crowd, that the pro game. Meanwhile the "Los Angeles Times" featured two articles on the pros and cons of a professional football league. "Times" columnist, Harry A. Williams, supported the idea of a league, however he felt that the league would have a better chance by teaming up with teams associated with the Pacific Coast League instead of major league baseball, due to the warmer weather. The opposing opinion was given by Warren Bovard, the manager of the University of Southern California football team, who stated that football was tailored for colleges and not professional play. He then stated that pro football would have to rely on all-star games, which draw well at first, but fail to hold any long-term interest. 
However after Bovard's article, all mention of the new league disappeared from the papers. Comiskey's decision to take part in organizing a new professional football league based on the 1902 NFL was never made public. All interest in the story died by April 1917, when the country entered into World War I. At war's end, a flu pandemic swept the world, and virtually all of the professional football teams in the country shut down or drastically scaled back operations. The modern National Football League, formed as a confederation of the existing professional football clubs and with no baseball backing, was established three years later in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="20645659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645659" title="Battle of Newtonia">
Battle of Newtonia

Battle of Newtonia may refer to two conflicts fought in Newton County, Missouri, during the American Civil War:

</doc>
<doc id="20645668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645668" title="Overdrive PC">
Overdrive PC

Overdrive PC is a privately held computer manufacturer located in Richmond, VA (USA), specializing in extreme high-end computers. Overdrive PC’s product line includes gaming systems, notebooks, and digital media creation workstations. Overdrive PC claims to offer some of the fastest gaming PCs in the world through their exclusive HyperClocking technology which allows them the overclock parts far beyond factory settings while still maintaining stability. 
History.
Overdrive PC began in 1999, by Mario Cifaldi, in Atlanta, Georgia as a builder of overclocked gaming PCs. 
In 2001, Overdrive PC was offered an opportunity to appear in Maximum PC's boutique roundup article entitled "Minor League, Major Performance". The review that appeared there helped propel Overdrive PC onto the national stage and earn it the rabid enthusiast following it still enjoys today. In February 2009, 2 years after being acquired by Velocity Micro, Mario Cifaldi left Overdrive PC. 
HyperClocking.
Overdrive PC’s claim to fame is its so called “HyperClocking” technology. Essentially an extreme form of overclocking, HyperClocking is the practice of raising default clock speeds of core components to values higher than stated by the part manufacturer. This advanced engineering process allows Overdrive PC to create “the fastest systems in the industry” while still using traditional air cooling methods.
Velocity Micro Acquisition.
In May 2007, Velocity Micro, another independently owned PC builder, acquired the former competing boutique builder. Since that acquisition, Velocity Micro has incorporated Overdrive PCs Hyperclocking techniques into many of its own extreme gaming systems. Overdrive PC has since moved to Velocity Micro’s Richmond facility and remains a separate brand under Velocity Micro ownership. 
On June 12, 2012, Velocity Micro relaunched the OPC brand as a line of high-end gaming PCS, featuring an hex-core Intel i7 3960X Hyperclocked to 4.6GHz, 3 NVIDIA Geforce GTX 680 video cards and over 2 terabyte of storage. The machine starts at $7,999. 

</doc>
<doc id="20645693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645693" title="Mary Braidwood Mowle">
Mary Braidwood Mowle

Mary Braidwood Mowle was a diarist in 19th Century New South Wales. She was born on 3 August 1827 at Durham, England and arrived in Sydney with her parents on 24 June 1836. She began writing her diary in 1850 while living on a farm with her husband near where Canberra was later founded, and continued her diary entries after she moved to Eden. Mowle died in Sydney in September 1857 due to complications from the birth of her sixth child two weeks previously. Her diaries were preserved and are considered valuable as they provide a female perspective on life in regional Australia at this time.

</doc>
<doc id="20645707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645707" title="Meadow Skipper">
Meadow Skipper

Meadow Skipper was a Standardbred racehorse foaled in 1960 by Dale Frost out of Countess Vivian by Kings Council. He earned $ 428,057 as a racehorse.
He was a world or season champion every year he raced and when he retired to the breeding farm it was no different. Meadow Skipper is one of the sport's outstanding sires. As a breeding champion he shone, with his progeny earning an incredible $66 million. He has sired over 450 two minute pacers including Triple Crown winners Ralph Hanover and Most Happy Fella, plus Albatross, sire of Niatross, Chairmanoftheboard and Naughty But Nice.
Albatross's 2,546 sons and daughters won $130,700,280. Niatross is believed by many to be the greatest harness horse of all time. He was Harness Horse of the Year as a two and three year old in 1979 and 1980, won the Triple Crown of Harness Racing for Pacers and obliterated the world record by three full seconds with a mile time of 1:49.1.

</doc>
<doc id="20645811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645811" title="Puppet man">
Puppet man

Puppet man may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20645823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645823" title="Index of Guadeloupe-related articles">
Index of Guadeloupe-related articles

Articles related to the French overseas department of Guadeloupe include:

</doc>
<doc id="20645848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645848" title="Girgentana (goat)">
Girgentana (goat)

The Girgentana goat breed takes its name from the city of Agrigento, Sicily (in Sicilian Girgenti) where in the past there were present more than 30,000. Today, however, this breed is in danger of disappearance.
It is thought the ancient origins of this goat breed are in central South Asia, specifically Kashmir, northern Afghanistan, and Balochistan. It has been hypothesized the breed is descended, at least partially, from the Markhor, a species of goat-antelope.
The Girgentana goat has characteristic horns, twisted into a spiral form. It has a very long beard and a primarily white coat with grey-brown hair around the head and throat. It has a good production of high-quality milk.

</doc>
<doc id="20645852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645852" title="2002 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament">
2002 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament

The 2002 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from February 18 through February 24, 2002.
The singles field was led by Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) No. 3, reigning Estoril, Barcelona and Rome Masters champion Juan Carlos Ferrero, US Open quarterfinalist and Paris Masters finalist Yevgeny Kafelnikov, and Australian Open finalist and Tashkent and St. Petersburg champion Marat Safin. Also present were Tennis Masters Cup finalist and Paris Masters winner Sébastien Grosjean, Australian Open champion Thomas Johansson, Tim Henman, Roger Federer and Goran Ivanišević.

</doc>
<doc id="20645853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645853" title="Suceava Plateau">
Suceava Plateau

Suceava Plateau () is a geographic area in the NE Romania (parts of Suceava, Botoşani, Iaşi, and Neamţ counties), and SW Ukraine (parts of Chernivtsi Oblast). Suceava Plateau is the NW part of the Moldavian Plateau. It has altitudes that exceed 700 m and long ridges, such as:
In the Valley of the River Suceava, a hillock depression, the Rădăuţi Depression () is situated. In the upper part of the Valley of the River Siret, another hillock depression, the Storojineţ Depression () is situated. 

</doc>
<doc id="20645870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645870" title="August Friedrich Ernst Langbein">
August Friedrich Ernst Langbein

August Friedrich Ernst Langbein (September 6, 1757, Radeberg, Saxony – January 2, 1835 Berlin) was a German humor writer.
Biography.
He was born in Radeberg and died in Berlin. He studied law and worked as an actuary for the courts, administrator and chancery clerk. In 1800, he used his private means to devote himself to writing. After 1820, he worked as a censor in the area of "belles lettres", with enviable objectivity striking his own works from the catalog.
Extremely proficient in metrical composition, and commanding an inexhaustible fund of drollery, he cultivated with especial success the comical poetic tale, frequently inclining toward frivolity, but teeming with fun. The widespread popularity of his "Schwänke" (1792, 21st ed. 1888) was almost equaled by that of his merry tales in prose, such as "Thomas Kellerwurm" (1806), "Magister Zimpels Brautfahrt", and others, distinguished for inventive faculty and pleasing diction.
Although a productive writer, his means were meager until the King granted him a pension. As a person, he was amiable and kind, although somewhat anxious. As a writer, he was reproached for being frivolous and superficial. His writing was inventive and showed talent for humor and verse, but completely lacked the poet's touch. While he was much read with enjoyment by the public of the 1820s, this speaks more against the times than against the writer, who was very conscious of his shortcomings.

</doc>
<doc id="20645899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645899" title="Latsamy Mingboupha">
Latsamy Mingboupha


</doc>
<doc id="20645902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645902" title="Happy Clucking Holidays">
Happy Clucking Holidays

Happy Clucking Holidays is a comedy album of Christmas songs performed by Dirk Keysser. Billed as "the greatest album of Christmas music clucked by a human chicken ever," it was originally released in 2002.
Background.
Keysser, a software services manager at Fordham University in New York City, recorded 14 minutes of material in ten Christmas season songs on "Happy Clucking Holidays". He replaced the lyrics with chicken clucking, and used a variety of background musical arrangements.
Keysser has performed chicken-inspired Christmas music twice on the “Is This Anything?” segment of the "Late Show with David Letterman", clucking “Joy to the World” on December 17, 2002, and “Deck the Halls” on December 17, 2003.
Reception.
"Happy Clucking Holidays" has received somewhat wary reviews. The "Atlanta Journal-Constitution" commented, "You just haven't been annoyed until you've been annoyed by Dirk Keysser clucking out the melody to 'Little Drummer Boy'." The "Contra Costa Times" remarked, “You have not known fear and hatred until you have heard a man clucking like a chicken to 'Silent Night' - with feeling." 
More positive feedback came from "USA Today" which noted, “The gaping hole in Christmas catalogs for carols sung in a chicken voice is filled by this eclucktic 14-minute collection.” And Jack Cafferty, on the CNN program "American Morning", commented the recording had value “because we're really lacking in Christmas carols sung by a chicken.” 
Future releases.
Following the release of "Happy Clucking Holidays", Keysser announced plans to release poultry-inspired albums based on the classical music compositions of Maurice Ravel and Sergei Prokofiev. To date, however, "Happy Clucking Holidays" remains the only recording featuring Keysser’s chicken music.

</doc>
<doc id="20645924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645924" title="Vonekham Phethavong">
Vonekham Phethavong


</doc>
<doc id="20645928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645928" title="Anne E. Derse">
Anne E. Derse

Anne Elizabeth Derse (born 1954 in Lakewood, Ohio) was the US Ambassador to Azerbaijan, and Lithuania.
Education and personal life.
Anne E. Derse completed her Bachelor of Arts in French and Linguistics from Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1976 and her Master of Arts in International Relations from Johns Hopkins University's Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) in 1981. She also graduated with distinction from the State Department's Economic and Commercial Studies program in 1989.
Derse is married to fellow (now retired) Foreign Service officer E. Mason "Hank" Hendrickson.
Career.
Derse joined the Department of State in 1981, and served in Trinidad and Tobago from 1981–83. From 1985–88 she followed her husband to Singapore, where he served as First Secretary of the United States Embassy in Singapore there; however, he was expelled by the Singaporean government in May 1988 for his alleged involvement with opposition politicians Francis Seow and Patrick Seong, in an incident which came to be known as the "Hendrickson affair".
Her most influential role came in 1999 when, as Minister Counselor for Economic Affairs at the U.S. Mission to the European Union (USEU), she led the Mission's economic team covering U.S. – EU economic relations and served as the last U.S. Commissioner on the Tripartite Gold Commission, which adjudicated sovereign claims for Nazi gold recovered by the Allies after World War II. In late 2004 she assisted in establishing the new U.S. Embassy in Baghdad, serving there as Minister Counselor for Economic Affairs.
Derse was the US Ambassador to the Republic of Azerbaijan from May 2006 until July 2009.
On June 4, 2009, it was announced that Derse will be appointed by President Barack Obama to serve as ambassador to Lithuania. She was confirmed by the Senate on July 24, 2009. She was sworn in on September 28, 2009 and presented her credentials on October 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20645934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645934" title="Index of Martinique-related articles">
Index of Martinique-related articles

Articles related to the French overseas department of Martinique include:

</doc>
<doc id="20645935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645935" title="Prevotella">
Prevotella

Prevotella is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
"Bacteroides melaninogenicus" has been reclassified and split into "Prevotella melaninogenica" and "Prevotella intermedia".
"Prevotella" spp. are members of the oral and vaginal flora, and are recovered from anaerobic infections of the respiratory tract. These infections include aspiration pneumonia, lung abscess, pulmonary empyema, and chronic otitis media and sinusitis. They have been isolated from abscesses and burns in the vicinity of the mouth, bites, paronychia, urinary tract infection, brain abscesses, osteomyelitis, and bacteremia associated with upper respiratory tract infections. "Prevotella" spp. predominate in periodontal disease and periodontal abscesses. 
In a study of gut bacteria of children in Burkina Faso (in Africa), "Prevotella" made up 53% of the gut bacteria, but were absent in age-matched European children. Studies also indicate that long-term diet is strongly associated with the gut microbiome composition—those who eat plenty of protein and animal fats typical of Western diet have predominantly "Bacteroides" bacteria, while for those who consume more carbohydrates, the "Prevotella" species dominate.
P. copri is possibly connected to rheumatoid arthritis.

</doc>
<doc id="20645937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645937" title="Ounkeo Vouthilath">
Ounkeo Vouthilath

Dr. Ounkeo Vouthilath is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Louang Namtha Province (Constituency 3).

</doc>
<doc id="20645951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645951" title="Huerta de la Alcurnia">
Huerta de la Alcurnia

The Huerta de la Alcurnia was a Moorish garden in medieval Islamic Toledo, in Al-Andalus, present day Spain. Its name is derived from the Arabic "Munya al-kudya", meaning 'garden on a higher ground.'
Design.
The Huerta de la Alcurnia was on the river bank between the southern city walls and the Tagus River. The garden had a pavilion for Al-Mamun, the king of the Taifa of Toledo. In the 11th century the garden was, possibly, the location of a water clock of the mathemacian al-Zarqālī, which was said to be between the "Bab-al-Dabbagin" also known by its Spanish name as "Puerta de los Curtidores" (English translation: gate of the tanners) and the Tagus.
Etching.
A clear image of the garden is to be found on an etching of a view of Toledo from 1585 by Ambrogio Brambilla (f. 1585-99) ed. by Pietro de Nobili (dativus: Nobilibus), available on "Bibliotheca Digital Hispánica" 

</doc>
<doc id="20645955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645955" title="Phanduangchit Vongsa">
Phanduangchit Vongsa

Phanduangchit Vongsa is a Laotian politician, a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party, and a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Oudomxay Province (Constituency 4).

</doc>
<doc id="20645960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645960" title="Shahal Khan Khoso">
Shahal Khan Khoso

Khan Sahib Shahal Khan Khoso (1909–1956) came from a family which had, since the many last centuries, been prominent among the landed aristocracy of the Sindh. He was a Member of the West Pakistan Legislative Assembly from 1953 to 1956, belonging to Khoso Baloch family of Thul district Jacobabad Sindh. His grandfather Dilmurad Khan khoso revolted against British in 1857 and was sent to Andaman Island.
Title Of Khan Sahib.
In 1943, he was awarded with the honorable title of Khan Sahib. Lord Wavell, the second last viceroy of India appreciated his help in the war efforts of the country.
Political services.
He rendered great services to the betterment of his constituents, and received many
letters of appreciations of high British officials of the colonial period in the country.
Family life.
Shahal khan khoso's father was Bahadur Khan Khoso of village Bahadurpur(Jacobabad). Shahal Khan was born in Bahadurpur and married Hajira, the daughter of Mureed Khan khoso in 1924. Their son Ghulam Hussain Khan khoso (1926–1981) inherited land from his father and remained a wellknown zamindar of the district and contested many local bodies elections and remained Chairman of his Union Council.He joined Jamiat ul ulma e Pakistan in 1977.Khan sahib's another son Bahadur khan unfortunately could not achieve much in life.Ghulam Hussain khan khoso's son Dr Zahid hussain khoso,a Medical Doctor,graduated from Sindh medical College Karachi is now running the family farm in Bachro.
References.
Sindh Assembly of Pakistan [http://www.pas.gov.pk/uploads/downloads/mpas_4th_assembly.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="20645965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645965" title="Milde">
Milde

Milde is a peninsula and neighbourhood in the city of Bergen, Norway. 
Located in Ytrebygda borough, Milde is situated about 16 km from the city centre of Bergen. As a basic statistical unit Milde had a population of 516 as of January 1, 2008.
Milde has been settled for a long time, there being evidence of cultivation of grain since c. 100 AD, while the cultural landscape dates back to c. 200 BC. The Milde peninsula has been surrounded by water on all sides since 1996, when a channel was built between the bays of Vågsbøpollen and Vestrepollen. 
The modern neighbourhood is built upon the lands of the two farms that historically have made up Milde, namely "Store Milde" and "Lille Milde". 
The Arboretum and Botanical Garden in Bergen is located in Milde.

</doc>
<doc id="20645969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645969" title="Khamphaeng Chitavong">
Khamphaeng Chitavong

Khamphaeng Chitavong is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Oudomxay Province (Constituency 4).

</doc>
<doc id="20645973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645973" title="Electoral district of Selby">
Electoral district of Selby

The Electoral district of Selby was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Lilydale in Tasmania's northeastern region, and extended into what are today considered Launceston's outer eastern suburbs.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856. The east and northeast of the electorate became part of the new seat of Ringarooma at the 1886 election. The seat was abolished at the 1903 election, when it merged with the neighbouring seat of Evandale to form the new seat of North Esk.

</doc>
<doc id="20645977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645977" title="Elsie K. Powell House">
Elsie K. Powell House

Powell House, named after Elsie K. Powell Sr., is the Quaker conference and retreat center of the New York Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends, located in Old Chatham, New York.
Use.
Powell House is used primarily for religious conferences and similar gatherings of members and attenders of meetings belonging to New York Yearly Meeting. It is also used for meetings of Yearly Meeting committees or conferences sponsored by them. The programs include a wide variety of educational, inspirational, and organizational activities for youth and adults related to the religious, benevolent, and social concerns of the Religious Society of Friends. The facilities are available for use by affiliated Friends’ organizations and other religious or educational groups having interests compatible with those of Friends. Short-term sojourners are sometimes accommodated.
History.
In 1960 Elsie Powell donated residential property to New York Yearly Meeting. The yearly meeting decided to establish a retreat center on the property.
In the year 2000 Powell House held a 40th anniversary celebration.
During 2008 and 2009 the Anna Curtis Center underwent renovation. The renovation included several energy saving improvements such as the installation of solar panels and a radiant floor heating system. It made more space for conference activities and increased the sleeping capacity of the facility. It also made the facility handicap accessible.
Campus.
Powell House's campus now consists of Pitt Hall, the Anna Curtis Center, a director’s residence, a youth directors’ residence, and fifty-seven acres of land with a campground and two wildlife ponds.
Pitt Hall is where the majority of the adult conferences are held.
The Anna Curtis Center, also known as the Youth Center, is where youth conferences are usually held.
Youth Program.
The youth program has conferences designed specifically for the age group to which they are made available. There are conferences for 4th and 5th graders, 6th and 7th graders, 8th and 9th graders, and 10th through 12th graders. Most youth conferences run from Friday dinner to Sunday lunch and have around 40 attenders.
WinterSong and EarthSong are special youth conferences for which both buildings are required because there are nearly double the usual number of attenders. Earthsong celebrates the spring and the seniors who are graduating from the program. Wintersong celebrates warmth, community, and light in winter. Youth from 8th to 12th grades are invited to these conferences.
Activities.
Typical conferences consist of the following elements:
Leadership in the Youth Program.
At most youth conferences there are only two adult leaders (the directors) and one adult presence (AP). Because most of the youth want to be there and enjoy the program immensely there is very little need for authoritative figures, however several Junior Councilors (JCs) are chosen for every conference.
JCs are youth of the same age or slightly older than the youth attending the conference, who also attend conferences themselves. Once a year there is a JC training conference (JCT) during which attenders learn leadership and mediation skills. JCs lead small group discussions, work projects, games, meal and snack crews, and workshops. They are also expected to set an example for the other youth and help maintain the community's safety and order.

</doc>
<doc id="20645987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645987" title="Chanhthuem Latmany">
Chanhthuem Latmany

Chanhthuem Latmany is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Oudomxay Province (Constituency 4).

</doc>
<doc id="20645991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645991" title="Powell House (Yakima, Washington)">
Powell House (Yakima, Washington)

The Powell House is an historic U.S. home located in Yakima, Washington at 207 South 9th Street.
Overview.
Built in 1895, the Victorian era Powell House is a one story, wood frame residence build in the Queen Anne style. It was built on farm property on the east edge of the City but is now fully within the city proper.

</doc>
<doc id="20645998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20645998" title="Somchanh Chitvongdouan">
Somchanh Chitvongdouan

Somchanh Chitvongdouan is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Oudomxay Province (Constituency 4).

</doc>
<doc id="20646000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646000" title="Dniester Hills">
Dniester Hills

Dniester Hills (), also known as Northern Moldavian Plateau () is a geographic area that comprises most of the northern Moldova, and parts of the Chernivtsi Oblast of Ukraine. Dniester Hills are the N and NE component of the Moldavian Plateau. 
Dniester Hills run and ridge along the Dniester River, from the Colachin river, an affluent of the Prut river, and the Plonini Forest to the point where Dniester receives its tributary Răut. The river Dniester in turn bounds Dniester Hills to the N and E, and separates them from the Podolian Plateau. Dniester Hills are separated from the rest of the Moldavian Plateau (Suceava Plateau, Jijia Plain, Bălţi steppe, Central Moldavian Plateau) by the passages formed in the valley of the Răut River and its tributaries, and partly by those of the Prut River and its tributaries. 
Dniester Hills have elevations of cca. 300 m. They are composed of:
Due to the phenomenon of ridges along the right side bank of the river Dniester, the waters falling directly in the Dniester are only several small creeks. The NW part of the Dniester Hills, is characterized by numerous creeks sourcing only one or two hills away from the Dniester but falling into the river Prut, a tributary of Danube. The SE part of the Dniester Hills is characterized by creeks falling into the river Răut, which itself afterwards falls into the Dniester.

</doc>
<doc id="20646006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646006" title="Siphone Intala">
Siphone Intala

Siphone Intala is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Oudomxay Province (Constituency 4).

</doc>
<doc id="20646013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646013" title="Bunić">
Bunić

Bunić can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20646018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646018" title="Thatsadaphone Nosing">
Thatsadaphone Nosing

Thatsadaphone Nosing is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Bokeo Province (Constituency 5).

</doc>
<doc id="20646034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646034" title="Continuum (measurement)">
Continuum (measurement)

Continuum theories or models explain variation as involving gradual quantitative transitions without abrupt changes or discontinuities. In contrast, categorical theories or models explain variation using qualitatively different states.
In physics.
In physics, for example, the space-time continuum model describes space and time as part of the same continuum rather than as separate entities. A spectrum in physics, such as the electromagnetic spectrum, is often termed as either continuous (with energy at all wavelengths) or discrete (energy at only certain wavelengths).
In contrast, quantum mechanics uses quanta, certain defined amounts (i.e. categorical amounts) which are distinguished from continuous amounts.
In mathematics and philosophy.
A good introduction to the philosophical issues involved is John Lane Bell's essay in the "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy". A significant divide is provided by the law of excluded middle. It determines the divide between intuitionistic continua such as Brouwer's and Lawvere's, and classical ones such as Stevin's and Robinson's. 
Bell isolates two distinct historical conceptions of infinitesimal, one by Leibniz and one by Nieuwentijdt, and argues that Leibniz's conception was implemented in Robinson's hyperreal continuum, whereas Nieuwentijdt's, in Lawvere's smooth infinitesimal analysis, characterized by the presence of nilsquare infinitesimals: "It may be said that Leibniz recognized the need for the first, but not the second type of infinitesimal and Nieuwentijdt, vice-versa. It is of interest to note that Leibnizian infinitesimals (differentials) are realized in nonstandard analysis, and nilsquare infinitesimals in smooth infinitesimal analysis".
In social sciences (in general), psychology and psychiatry.
In social sciences in general, psychology and psychiatry included, data about differences between individuals, like any data, can be collected and measured using different levels of measurement. Those levels include dichotomous (a person either has a personality trait or not) and non-dichotomous approaches. While the non-dichotomous approach allows for understanding that everyone lies somewhere on a particular personality dimension, the dichotomous (nominal categorical and ordinal) approaches only seek to confirm that a particular person either has or does not have a particular mental disorder.
Expert witnesses particularly are trained to help courts in translating the data into the legal (e.g. 'guilty' vs. 'innocent') dichotomy, which apply to law, sociology and ethics.
Linguistics.
In linguistics, the range of dialects spoken over a geographical area that differ slightly between neighboring areas is known as a dialect continuum. A language continuum is a similar description for the merging of neighboring languages without a clear defined boundary. Examples of dialect or language continuums include the varieties of Italian or German; and the Romance languages, Arabic languages, or Bantu languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20646038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646038" title="Vixaykone Vannachomchanh">
Vixaykone Vannachomchanh

Vixaykone Vannachomchanh is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Bokeo Province (Constituency 5).

</doc>
<doc id="20646046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646046" title="Chanhsouk Bounpachit">
Chanhsouk Bounpachit

Chanhsouk Bounpachit is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Bokeo Province (Constituency 5).

</doc>
<doc id="20646048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646048" title="Joseph Daigle">
Joseph Daigle

Joseph Daigle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20646055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646055" title="Dicker (surname)">
Dicker (surname)

Dicker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20646064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646064" title="Quantum">
Quantum

In physics, a quantum (plural: quanta) is the minimum amount of any physical entity involved in an interaction. Behind this, one finds the fundamental notion that a physical property may be "quantized," referred to as "the hypothesis of quantization". This means that the magnitude can take on only certain discrete values. 
A photon is a single quantum of light, and is referred to as a "light quantum". The energy of an electron bound to an atom is quantized, which results in the stability of atoms, and hence of matter in general.
As incorporated into the theory of quantum mechanics, this is regarded by physicists as part of the fundamental framework for understanding and describing nature at the smallest length-scales.
Etymology and discovery.
The word "quantum" comes from the Latin "quantus", for "how much". "Quanta", short for "quanta of electricity" (electrons) was used in a 1902 article on the photoelectric effect by Philipp Lenard, who credited Hermann von Helmholtz for using the word in the area of electricity. However, the word quantum in general was well known before 1900. It was often used by physicians, such as in the term quantum satis. Both Helmholtz and Julius von Mayer were physicians as well as physicists. Helmholtz used "quantum" with reference to heat in his article on Mayer's work, and indeed, the word "quantum" can be found in the formulation of the first law of thermodynamics by Mayer in his letter dated July 24, 1841. Max Planck used "quanta" to mean "quanta of matter and electricity", gas, and heat. In 1905, in response to Planck's work and the experimental work of Lenard, who explained his results by using the term "quanta of electricity", Albert Einstein suggested that radiation existed in spatially localized packets which he called "quanta of light" ("Lightquanta").
The concept of quantization of radiation was discovered in 1900 by Max Planck, who had been trying to understand the emission of radiation from heated objects, known as black-body radiation. By assuming that energy can only be absorbed or released in tiny, differential, discrete packets he called "bundles" or "energy elements", Planck accounted for the fact that certain objects change colour when heated. On December 14, 1900, Planck reported his revolutionary findings to the German Physical Society, and introduced the idea of quantization for the first time as a part of his research on black-body radiation. As a result of his experiments, Planck deduced the numerical value of "h", known as the Planck constant, and could also report a more precise value for the Avogadro–Loschmidt number, the number of real molecules in a mole and the unit of electrical charge, to the German Physical Society. After his theory was validated, Planck was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1918 for his discovery.
Beyond electromagnetic radiation.
While quantization was first discovered in electromagnetic radiation, it describes a fundamental aspect of energy not just restricted to photons.
In the attempt to bring experiment into agreement with theory, Max Planck postulated that electromagnetic energy is absorbed or emitted in discrete packets, or quanta.

</doc>
<doc id="20646081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646081" title="A Woman a Man Walked By">
A Woman a Man Walked By

A Woman a Man Walked By is the second collaborative studio album English alternative rock musicians PJ Harvey and John Parish, released on 30 March 2009 by Island Records.
Background.
It is the second collaboration between Harvey and Parish, following 1996's "Dance Hall at Louse Point". The album was recorded in Bristol and Dorset, and mixed by Flood. This album is made up of ten new songs. All the music is written by Parish, who also plays most of the instruments. The vocals and all lyrics are by Harvey. The first single from the album is "Black Hearted Love" which is described as having 'anthemic grunge-pop guitars.'
Critical reception.
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 75, based on 27 reviews, which indicates "Generally favorable reviews".
The album was described by journalist John Harris, as "...mischievous, deadly serious, elegant and poetic, and possessed of a brutal power – it is doubtful that you will hear a record as brimming with creative brio and musical invention this year..." In a track by track synopsis on their website, "The Fly" described the album as "a body of folk tales, funeral songs and trapped, tangled love songs... brilliant."
Track list.
All songs written by PJ Harvey and John Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="20646086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646086" title="Thongsing Thammavong">
Thongsing Thammavong

Thongsing Thammavong (Lao: ທອງສິງ ທຳມະວົງ; born 12 April 1944) is a Laotian politician who has been Prime Minister of Laos since 2010. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP) and has been a member of the LPRP Politburo since 1991. He currently serves in the National Assembly of Laos, representing Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6), and was the President of the National Assembly from 2006 to 2010. He became Prime Minister on 23 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20646089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646089" title="Lag">
Lag

Lag is a failure of an application to respond in a timely fashion to inputs.
In reference to video games, lag is the delay (or latency) between an action by a player and the reaction of the game.
In distributed applications (such as MMORPGs), lag is often caused by communication latency, which is the time taken for a sent packet of data to be received at the other end. It includes the time to encode the packet for transmission and transmit it, the time for that data to traverse the network equipment between the nodes, and the time to receive and decode the data. This is also known as "one-way latency". A minimum bound on latency is determined by the distance between communicating devices and the speed at which the signal propagates in the circuits (typically 70–95% of the speed of light in vacuum). Actual latency is often much higher because of packet processing in networking equipment, and other traffic.
The term lag is often also used as a synonym for communication latency. This can be misleading because there can be other causes for the symptom.
Lag in local video gaming.
All video games incur some lag, since once an input from the player is received, the game must compute the next frame of video and that video frame must be scanned out to a display device. But in general parlance, video game lag refers to delays that are noticeable to a player. The tolerance for lag depends heavily on the type of game. For instance, a strategy game or a turn-based game with a low pace may have a high threshold or even be mostly unaffected by high delays, whereas a twitch gameplay game such as a first-person shooter with a considerably higher pace may require significantly lower delay to be able to provide satisfying gameplay. But, the specific characteristic of the game matter. For example, fast chess is a turn-based game that is fast action and may not tolerate high lag. And, some twitch games can be designed such that only events that impact the outcome of the game introduce lag, allowing for fast local response most of the time.
Lag in online multiplayer gaming.
All online video games, especially fast paced worldwide games such as Counter-Strike, incur online lag due to a combination of local and remote processing lag and communications latency, and user tolerance for lag depends highly upon the type of game, similarly as it does for local gaming. In general parlance, the round-trip network latency between a client game and the host server is referred to as the client's ping time.
Reducing lag in online gaming.
Lag can simply occur due to the distance between the game server and the player. Low quality or high congested connection can lead to a higher ping. However there are some factors that we can change easily to reduce the ping. Those information can be found in the game forums and web sites all around internet. Simple cases like heating can result in high ping. Above reference talk about few main ways to reduce lag as listed below
"Disable all automatic updates
Stop applications that need continues internet connection
Exit your browser, even you don’t browse that can eat up you bandwidth
Use the “Resource monitor” to identify the processes that use the network."
Lag in cloud gaming.
Cloud gaming is a type of online gaming where the entire game is hosted on a game server in a data center, and the user is only running a thin client locally that forwards game controller actions upstream to the game server. The game server then renders the next frame of the game video which is compressed using low-lag video compression and is sent downstream and decompressed by the thin client. For the cloud gaming experience to be acceptable, the round-trip lag of all elements of the cloud gaming system (the thin client, the Internet and/or LAN connection to the game server, the game execution on the game server, the video and audio compression and decompression, and the display of the video on a display device) must be low enough that the user perception is that the game is running locally. Because of such tight lag requirements, distance considerations of the speed of light through optical fiber come into play, currently limiting the distance between a user and a cloud gaming game server to approximately 1000 miles, according to OnLive.
Cloud gaming is a very new technology, but early tests have shown that in practice, cloud gaming lag is only slightly higher than local console lag. For example, "Unreal Tournament 3" incurs up to 133ms of lag on a console and was tested in July 2010 as incurring between 150ms and 200ms+ in lag on OnLive, resulting in the assessment in July 2010 that "Out of controlled conditions, OnLive has managed to get within spitting distance of console response times". In September 2010, reviewers reported a steady reduction in lag due to constant improvements in the technology, to the point where "the actions on screen were one-to-one with my input controls. In fact, I forgot that it wasn't running natively on my PC."

</doc>
<doc id="20646117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646117" title="Værløse">
Værløse

Værløse is a town in Furesø Municipality in the northwestern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark. As of 2013, it has a population of 13,114. Situated on the west side of the Hillerød Motorway, between Farum Lake to the north and Søndersø Lake to the south, it is surrounded by forest on three sides. Modern Værløse emerged around Værløse station in the 1950s. The original centre of the parish was the village of Kirke Værløse, located three kilometres to the west. The two communities have now almost merged.
History.
Kirke Værløse is mentioned in 1321-23 as "Vetherløsa maklæ". The meaning of the name is unclear but it may be an old name for the lake Søndersø. The suffix "-løse" means "area used for grazing in a clearing" ("græsgang i lysning"). The word "maklæ" ("magle") means Freat ("store").
With the opening of the Slangerup Rail Line in 1906, Lille Værløse ("Little Værløse"), a smaller village three kilometres to the east, obtained a more favorable location. Its surroundings was redeveloped with summer houses in the 1940s. DSB took over the Slangerup Rail Line in 1945, shortening it with Farum as the new terminus in 1943. The rapid growth of Copenhagen's suburbs in the 1950s and 1960s also affected Lille Værløse, whose population quintupled between 1950 and 1970.
The civil parish of Værløse formed the basis of Værløse Municipality which existed until 2006. It was merged January 1, 2007 with the former Farum Municipality to form Furesø Municipality.
Description.
Værløse has a small town centre with apartment buildings and a retail center surrounding Værløse station. Furesø Town Hall is located just north of the station.. The rest of the town mainly consists of single family detached homes and terraced housing. Kirke Værløse and Værløse have now almost merged with the establishment of a business district in the western outskirts of Værløse.

</doc>
<doc id="20646122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646122" title="Webserver directory index">
Webserver directory index

When an HTTP client (generally a Web browser) requests a URL that points to a directory structure instead of an actual Web page within the directory, the Web server will generally serve a general page, which is often referred to as a main or "index" page.
The traditional filename for such a page is index.html, but most modern HTTP servers offer a configurable list of filenames that the server can use as an index. If a server is configured to support server-side scripting, the list will usually include entries allowing dynamic content to be used as the index page (e.g. index.php, index.shtml, default.asp) even though it may be more appropriate to still specify the html output (index.html.php or index.html.aspx), as this should not be taken for granted. An example is the popular open source web server Apache, where the list of filenames is controlled by the DirectoryIndex directive in the main server configuration file or in the configuration file for that directory. It is possible to make do without file extensions at all, and be neutral to content delivery methods, and set the server to automatically pick the best file through content negotiation.
If the server is unable to find a file with any of the names listed in its configuration, it may either return an error (generally 404 Not Found) or generate its own index page listing the files in the directory. It may also return a 403 Index Listing Forbidden. Usually this option is also configurable.
Entrance.
Since the index page is often the first page of a Web site that a user sees, it is sometimes used to offer a menu of language options for large Web sites that use geo targeting. It is also possible to avoid this step, for example by using content negotiation.

</doc>
<doc id="20646125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646125" title="Canada Hose Company Building">
Canada Hose Company Building

The Canada Hose Company Building is a historic firehouse in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a two story gable-front brick structure. Above the doors used for the fire engines is a sign which reads "Cumberland Hose Co. No. 1." The building is the oldest of a number of old firehouses built in Cumberland during the 19th century; it was completed in 1845.
The Canada Hose Company Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20646134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646134" title="Vongchanh Phommavan">
Vongchanh Phommavan

Vongchanh Phommavan is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6).

</doc>
<doc id="20646143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646143" title="Singtan Xayluexong">
Singtan Xayluexong

Singtan Xayluexong is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6).

</doc>
<doc id="20646151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646151" title="Saysmone Khomthavong">
Saysmone Khomthavong

Saysmone Khomthavong is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6).

</doc>
<doc id="20646154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646154" title="Locus">
Locus

The word locus (plural loci) is Latin for "place". It can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20646158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646158" title="Index of Saint Barthélemy-related articles">
Index of Saint Barthélemy-related articles

The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the French overseas collectivity of Saint Barthélemy.

</doc>
<doc id="20646165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646165" title="Captain Face">
Captain Face

Captain Face are a rock band formed in 2003 in Aberdeen, Scotland. The band consists of Euan Wemyss (vocals), Lee 'the tenderness' Morrison (lead guitar), David Liddell (rhythm guitar), Joseph 'Sep' Moore (bass guitar) and Jonathan 'Joe' Brew (drums).
History.
Formation and early years (2003–2011).
The band's original line-up came together in the later part of 2003, and consisted of Lee 'the tenderness' Morrison (guitar), Joe Brew (drums), Dave Liddell (bass guitar) & Duncan Taylor (vocals/keyboards). Liddell soon moved to rhythm guitar duties after Brew recruited former work colleague Joseph 'Sep' Moore to take over bass duties at the beginning of 2004. After only a few months the band parted company with Taylor due to "creative & personal differences". The remaining quartet continued to rehearse, mainly writing instrumental music. At the beginning of 2005 the band recruited vocalist Euan Wemyss, with whom Morrison had previously collaborated in the bands 'My Everyday' and 'Lynas'. The band's line-up remained unchanged until they played their last gig in 2010.
Kinmundy.
Captain Face claim to hail from "the mythical land of Kinmundy, Aberdeenshire" portraying this location as a fictional land of strange occurrences. Although there is a village and various other properties bearing the name of Kinmundy in the Aberdeenshire area, the band actually took the name from a water pumping facility close to the village of Newmachar. Captain Face are in fact based in Aberdeen itself, with Lee, Dave, Joe & Euan coming from the Dyce area of the city. Sep is originally from the Scottish West coast town of Greenock.
Live performances.
Captain Face play the majority of their gigs in their hometown of Aberdeen, but have also toured frequently around Scotland, playing venues in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Inverness, Perth and various other small towns. The band also toured the Devon area of England in 2007 with fellow Aberdeen rockers Hot Mangu.
Studio recordings.
In the Autumn of 2005 Captain Face were invited to record a song for Aberdeen label Fat Hippy Records ' "Fat Hippy Sampler Vol. I" compilation, featuring a mix of experienced and emerging bands from the North-East of Scotland. The band recorded one of the earliest songs they had written, "Welcome To Kinmundy", and having suitably impressed Fat Hippy the band then released their debut EP "BOOM" through the label in July 2006. The band also recorded "The Return Of Horace Batchelor" for the label's "Fat Hippy Sampler Vol. II". 
2007 saw the release of three singles - "Awesome! No Way!" (April), "Small Joy" (June) and "100% CRAD" (October). 
In 2008 the band recorded "Glittermyne II - The Glittering" for the label's "Fat Hippy Sampler Vol. III", and also their first Christmas song, the topically titled "Credit Crunch Christmas". Released on a limited scale by the band themselves, with proceeds going to charity, the disc was only available at live shows.
'Live' versus 'Recorded' music.
While Captain Face have been praised for their entertaining live shows, it has been noted by some that their music does not seem to have the same impact when heard on studio recordings. The band's approach to creating original music has been applauded, but it is also seen to sometimes split audiences. As such Captain Face's offerings aren't typically deemed very radio-friendly, however the band have had exposure on various FM and internet radio stations.
Media Exposure.
Captain Face's singles "Small Joy" and "100% Crad" have been played by DJ Vic Galloway on BBC Radio 1, the U.K's most high-profile radio station. 
The band have been interviewed and have had songs played on local radio stations Original 106 (Aberdeen), Shmu FM (Aberdeen) and Northsound 1 (N.E Scotland), also performing live in the studio for that station's 'Sunday Session' programme.
A preview piece on the 2007 Scottish Parliament Election for STV North's "North Tonight" programme (where front-man Euan Wemyss works) featured the band's first single release "Awesome! No Way!".
Break-Up & Final Gig.
Due to Joe Brew's upcoming relocation to his wife's native Finland, Captain Face would be left needing a new drummer. However, after much discussion it was decided that it was time for the band to end.
The band played together for the final time at an intimate show for friends and family at Captain Tom's studio, Aberdeen on 19 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20646166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646166" title="Azra (horse)">
Azra (horse)

Azra (1889–1909) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was bred in Kentucky by George J. Long and raced under the colors of his Bashford Manor Stable. His sire was Reform, a son of the very important sire Leamington. Azra was out of the mare Albia whose sire, Alarm, also sired Himyar.
Trained by John H. Morris, Azra's regular jockey was Alonzo Clayton. At age two, he won one of the important races for his age group, the Champagne Stakes. At age three, Azra won the Kentucky Derby in a race against just two other horses then went on to win the Clark Handicap and the Travers Stakes.
Azra was not successful at stud and died in 1909 at the age of 20 years at Bashford Manor Stable.

</doc>
<doc id="20646167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646167" title="Vojens">
Vojens

Vojens () is a town in Denmark with a population of 7,611 (1 January 2013), it was the main town of the now abolished Vojens Municipality, now in Region of Southern Denmark.
Vojens has a rich history in motorcycle speedway and hosted the World Final on two occasions (1988 and 1994) at the Vojens Speedway Center. The Speedway Center is owned by Denmark's first triple World Champion Ole Olsen, and has also hosted the Speedway Grand Prix of Denmark as part of the Speedway Grand Prix from 1995-2002 after which the SGP series moved the Danish GP to the Parken Stadium in Copenhagen.
The Vojens Speedway Center also hosted the Speedway World Team Cup final in 1983, 1986 (as Round 2 of a 3 Round Final), 1991 and 1998. The World Team Cup was replaced with the Speedway World Cup following 2000 and the Speedway Center hosted the 2003, 2008 and 2010 finals. Also held were the 1979 Speedway World Pairs Championship and the 1977 Under-21 European Championship. The Under-21 championship became the World Under-21 Championship in 1988 and Vojens hosted the 1999 Under-21 World Final.
The town is served by Vojens Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20646169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646169" title="Singkham Phommalath">
Singkham Phommalath

Singkham Phommalath is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6).

</doc>
<doc id="20646183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646183" title="Bosaykham Vongdala">
Bosaykham Vongdala

Dr. Bosaykham Vongdala is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6).

</doc>
<doc id="20646187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646187" title="Somoak Kingsada">
Somoak Kingsada

Prof. Dr. Somoak Kingsada is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6).

</doc>
<doc id="20646193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646193" title="List of sword and sorcery films">
List of sword and sorcery films

The following is a list of sword and sorcery films. Sword and sorcery films tend to focus on single heroes, romance, and magic.

</doc>
<doc id="20646196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646196" title="Khamkeut Phommavongsy">
Khamkeut Phommavongsy

Khamkeut Phommavongsy is a Laotian politician and Lieutenant Colonel in the Lao Army. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Luang Prabang Province (Constituency 6).

</doc>
<doc id="20646206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646206" title="Kelly Hu">
Kelly Hu

Kelly Ann Hu (; born February 13, 1968) is an American actress and former fashion model. She was Miss Teen USA 1985 and Miss Hawaii USA 1993. Hu is best known for her role as Dr. Rae Chang on the American television soap opera "Sunset Beach" (1997). She has since starred in numerous TV shows and films including "Nash Bridges" (1997–1998), "The Scorpion King" (2002), "Cradle 2 the Grave" (2003), "X-Men 2" as Yuriko Oyama/Lady Deathstrike (2003), "Underclassman" (2005), "The Tournament" (2009), "The Vampire Diaries" (2010–2011) and "White Frog" (2012). She currently stars as China White on the "CW" series "Arrow" (2012–present) and Abigail Cho on the "SyFy Network" series "Warehouse 13" (2013–present).
Early life.
Hu was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, the daughter of Juanita, an engineering drafter for Honolulu, and Herbert Hu, a salesman and exotic bird breeder. Her parents divorced during Hu's childhood. Her brother, Glenn, is a Resource Manager in the United States Army. She is of Native Hawaiian, English American and Chinese American descent. She attended Maemae Elementary School and Kamehameha Schools in Honolulu, Hawaii. She graduated from Pepperdine University in Malibu, California.
Hu has held a lifelong interest in singing and dancing and has also been interested in martial arts since her early childhood. Hu's cousin was a successful model in Japan, and Hu decided to follow her example. Kelly Hu won the title of Miss Hawaii Teen USA and competed in the Miss Teen USA 1985 pageant, becoming the Miss Teen USA pageant's third titleholder in history and its first Asian American winner. Hu has mentioned in interviews that her mother had told her America was not ready for an Asian as such a prominent role model. Ironically enough, she discovered after winning that she was prohibited from appearing in non-contest related activities for the year of her reign, though this rule soon changed in later years. 
Career.
Hu modeled in Japan and Italy, and became well known in the latter as the star of a series of television advertisements for Philadelphia brand cream cheese, playing a young Japanese college student named Kaori.
Hu won the title of Miss Hawaii USA in 1993, becoming the first former Miss Teen USA to win a Miss USA state title. In the 1993 Miss USA pageant, held in Wichita, Kansas, Hu entered the top 10 in second place, after winning the preliminary interview competition and placing second and third, respectively, in swimsuit and evening gown. She then made the top 6 ranked second, winning the top 10 evening gown competition and placing second in swimsuit. She was eliminated in 4th place after the judges' questions, just 2/100 of a point from the final three.
Hu moved to Los Angeles and began her acting career in 1987, with a guest starring role as Mike Seaver's Hawaiian love interest on the sitcom "Growing Pains". Hu followed this with appearances on various television series, including "Night Court"," "Tour of Duty", "21 Jump Street" and "Melrose Place". Her first movie role was in "". In 1995, Hu starred as an undercover police officer in the film "No Way Back". Hu was cast as Dr. Rae Chang on "Sunset Beach" for six months in 1997. Afterwards, she was cast as police officers Michelle Chan in the television series "Nash Bridges" (1997–1998), and Pei Pei "Grace" Chen on "Martial Law" (1998–2000). Her subsequent movie appearances include "The Scorpion King" (2002), "Cradle 2 the Grave" (2003), and "X2" (2003) as Yuriko Oyama / Deathstrike.
She was Agent Mia Chen on the last three episodes of the television series "Threat Matrix" (2004). She also starred in 2005 "Underclassman" alongside Nick Cannon and in 2006 "Americanese", "Undoing" and "Devil's Den." During the first quarter of 2007, she completed filming the film "Stilletto", and after that, "Farmhouse."
In January 2007, Hu began appearing in a full-time role on the television series "In Case of Emergency". She played Kelly Lee, a Korean American woman who accidentally reunites with her high school classmates and realizes none of them grew up according to their high school plans. The show did not have a successful run, being cancelled after airing 12 episodes and leaving its season finale un-aired. the same years she appeared in films "The Air I Breathe" and "Shanghai Kiss." 
In the fall of 2009, she appeared in the film "The Tournament" as Lai-Lai Zhen.
In April 2009, Hu developed the character JIA for '. She was the first guest actor to cross over between the television series ' and "NCIS", playing Lee Wuan Kai in a two-episode arc within both series. In spring of 2010, Kelly Hu played Pearl, a vampire, on the CW television series "Vampire Diaries".
In fall of 2010, Hu began a recurring role on the CBS television series "Hawaii Five-0". In 2012, Hu was cast in the role of Karai in the animated series "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (2012). She commented: "It wouldn’t quite be the first time I played a ninja, I think. Yeah, I don’t know why people think I’m dangerous, but for some reason, I keep getting these roles for the ninja, assassin, bodyguard, bad-girl type." In 2013, she joined the cast of the series "Warehouse 13" as Abigail Cho, the new owner of the Warehouse-connected B&B.
She provided voice talents for the popular video game "" as , the Sith woman who joins the Jedi Exile's party. Hu has been featured twice in "Maxim" magazine (May 2002 and May 2005).
Personal life.
She is an avid poker fan and has frequently taken part in competitions such as the World Series of Poker and World Poker Tour, including the WPT Celebrity Charity match on March 3, 2008. She was part of HollywoodPoker.com's "Celebrity Poker Night" on May 30, 2006, and in July 2006 placed in the top 200 in the World Series of Poker Ladies Tournament, besting nearly 1,000 other competitors.
Activism.
Hu has supported the Center for Asian Americans United for Self Empowerment and in 2004 starred in a public service announcement for them entitled "The Least Likely" to encourage young Asian Americans to register and vote.
In 2007, Hu was a driver in the Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race a national fund-raising program supporting children’s hospitals throughout the United States. In April 2011, Hu was a celebrity host for Save the Children's "Caring for Japan's Keiki" a benefit for Japanese earthquake and tsunami victims. Also in 2011 she hosted a Celebrity Poker Tournament in support for Best Buddies International, a charity to which she has given support for several years.
In January 2008, Hu participated in a video for Barack Obama produced by will.i.am called "Yes We Can". She campaigned for Obama in Hawaii in the run-up to the February 19, 2008 Democratic caucuses. In February 2008, Hu also appeared in another viral video in support of Obama, "Sí Se Puede Cambiar", written and performed by Andrés Useche, directed by Eric Byler. She was the emcee of the Asian American Action Fund's annual fundraiser on June 10, 2008.
Hu has been active to protect the Hawaiian ecology. She supported Reef Check Hawaii by running in and successfully completing the Honolulu Marathon to raise awareness for the organization. She also gave support to the Shark Fin Ban which took effect in Hawaii July 2010. This made it illegal to possess, sell, or distribute shark fins in Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="20646208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646208" title="Raoul Perre">
Raoul Perre

Raoul Perre is a graffiti artist from New York commonly known as HOW. He is a member of the Bronx based graffiti crew TATS CRU "The Mural Kings."
Born in the Basque Country of San Sebastián, Spain, Perre grew in Düsseldorf, Germany and began doing graffiti in 1988. He spent his late teenage years traveling the world painting walls and trains with his twin Brother Davide (who goes by the graffiti name NOSM). While visiting New York City in 1997, Perre and his brother were asked to become members of TATS CRU, and permanently relocated to New York City shortly thereafter in 1999.
As a member of TATS CRU, Perre creates elaborate murals for well-known commercial clients like Sony. He has also lectured at universities including MIT and his work has appeared in numerous films, music videos, documentaries, and most recently, the windows of the historic department store, Lord and Taylor.
Perre has been featured within the pages of numerous publications, including "The New York Times" and "New York Magazine"., and even stirred the likes of the Rev. Al Sharpton with the controversial undertones of subjects manifested within his art.

</doc>
<doc id="20646211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646211" title="Bell Tower Building">
Bell Tower Building

Bell Tower Building, or the Allegany County League for Crippled Children building, is a historic building in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It was built in 1887 and is a two story brick structure topped by a small wooden tower with an open belfry. This was the first separate building to be used as police headquarters and jail in Cumberland.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20646238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646238" title="Duangsavath Souphanouvoung">
Duangsavath Souphanouvoung

Duangsavath Souphanouvoung is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Sainyabuli Province (Constituency 7).
In 2007, he is Government Apparatus Minister, Adviser to the LPDR Prime Minister (Minister of the Prime Minister’s Palace).

</doc>
<doc id="20646241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646241" title="Frankie Boyle">
Frankie Boyle

Francis Martin Patrick "Frankie" Boyle (born 16 August 1972) is a Scottish comedian and writer, well known for his pessimistic and often controversial sense of humour. He was a permanent panellist on the comedy panel show "Mock the Week" for seven series and has made guest appearances on several other popular panel shows including "Have I Got News for You", "8 out of 10 Cats", "Would I Lie to You?", "You Have Been Watching", "Never Mind the Buzzcocks", and "Argumental", as well as writing for Jimmy Carr's "Distraction" and Sean Lock's "TV Heaven, Telly Hell".
Early life.
Boyle was born and brought up in Glasgow to Irish parents from the Crolly area of Co. Donegal. He went to Holyrood Secondary school in Glasgow. After leaving school he attended Aston University for a year (where he studied Urban Planning) before leaving and starting a BA in English Literature at Sussex University. He got his big break after performing at The Stand Comedy Club in Edinburgh, a venue that has also helped launch the careers of Stewart Lee, Johnny Vegas, Dara Ó Briain and Michael McIntyre.
Career.
Television.
"Mock the Week".
Boyle was a regular on the BBC panel show "Mock the Week" until October 2009, a show in which the panel comment humorously on various news stories from the British media. He has been referred to as the "dark heart of "Mock the Week"" by host Dara Ó Briain. He is known for his morbid sense of humour, which plays on negative images of celebrities, politicians, and society (particularly his home country of Scotland). On 2 October 2009, Boyle announced that he was leaving the show to concentrate on other projects. It was announced to the public via Facebook on the "Mock the Week" fan page. Boyle has since criticised both the show's production team and the BBC Trust. He claims that the show did not cover enough major news stories, and was too restrictive on his risqué comedy act because the producers and the BBC Trust were afraid of "frightening the horses". He is seen in archive footage of "Mock the Week" on the 2009 Christmas Special, which aired on 22 December 2009, as a series of "Best Bits and Festive Clips" and on the 2012 Christmas Special, which aired on 27 December 2012.
"Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights".
In October 2009, Boyle piloted a sketch and stand-up show for Channel 4, entitled "Deal with This, Retards" to be produced by RDF Scotland subsidiary the Comedy Unit. Boyle mentioned on "Friday Night with Jonathan Ross" that the original title of the show had been dropped, due to its offensive nature, and been renamed "Tramadol Nights" and aired from the end of November 2010. An official page launched via Channel 4's official website, which confirmed that the show's full name is "Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights" and the series was made up of six episodes. Boyle caused controversy on the show with his comments about Katie Price and Dwight Yorke's disabled son Harvey.
"Frankie Boyle's Rehabilitation Programme".
On 21 August 2011, it was revealed that Channel 4 had given Boyle permission to record a pilot for a topical talk show in October of that year, which would be called "Frankie Boyle's Rehabilitation Programme" (despite the controversy surrounding "Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights"). Channel 4 head of comedy Shane Allen told the press that "it's very much like "Parkinson" or "Wogan", but with paedo jokes" and that the show would feature Frankie "in a studio, riffing off the audience a bit with some people challenging what he says". After the pilot (which was said to be "non-transmittable") was recorded, it was announced on 30 January 2012 that Channel 4 had chosen not to commission the series, nor were there any plans to commission a second series of "Tramadol Nights". The pilot episode was included as a bonus feature on the DVD release of Frankie's third stand up tour, "The Last Days of Sodom" and featured guests Jack Whitehall and Reginald D. Hunter.
"The Boyle Variety Performance".
"The Boyle Variety Performance" was broadcast on 19 August 2012 and featured Boyle with guests Rob Delaney and Nick Helm. A few days after the show was broadcast, Boyle attracted criticism after he posted jokes on Twitter about the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Books.
On 1 October 2009, Boyle's autobiography "My Shit Life So Far" was released, published by HarperCollins. His second book "Work! Consume! Die!" was released in October 2011. Boyle's third book, "Scotland's Jesus: The Only Officially Non-racist Comedian", was released in the UK on 24 October 2013.
Live shows.
In October 2007 Boyle embarked on a long stand-up tour of Britain, playing over 100 dates and enjoying a sold-out run that was extended through until December 2008. Boyle said that he planned to quit stand-up before he turned 40, had written his final tour and plans to do more television work after this. Boyle performed the tour, entitled "I Would Happily Punch Every One of You in the Face" between March and December 2010. 
On 21 November 2011, at a "Meet the Comedians" session in the Apple Store, Regent Street with Jimmy Carr, Boyle announced he was doing another tour entitled "The Last Days of Sodom", despite intending "I Would Happily Punch Every One of You in the Face" to be his final one. He mentioned the tour will not be as long as its predecessor. His website has stated it will run from July to December 2012 with more dates to be added. Tickets went on sale in December 2011.
DVD releases.
On 10 November 2008, Boyle's first DVD was released, featuring a sell-out stand-up performance given at London's Hackney Empire and some additional material, including a documentary about the tour, entitled "Fuck You Scotland", and some sketches from the BBC Three comedy "Rush Hour". The DVD was described by WhatDVD.net as "certainly not one to watch with your grandparents – not unless they are pretty open-minded!"
Boyle has also featured in three DVD compilations of material from "Mock the Week". The compilations, entitled "Too Hot for TV", include material deemed too offensive for broadcast on TV and uncut versions of several full episodes. Boyle's second live DVD, "If I Could Reach Out Through Your TV and Strangle You I Would", was released on 15 November 2010.
Podcast.
On 16 July 2009 Boyle's first, and only, podcast was released. Entitled "Mock the Week Musings", the podcast is a recording of Boyle testing the material he has written for "Mock the Week" to a London audience. Boyle comments on his material throughout and often informs the audience that certain jokes are not going into the show due to their reaction (or lack thereof), and the podcast carries an explicit content warning. The recording includes some audience interaction, with Boyle offering to test some of his new "put-downs" on the crowd.
Comic book.
In September 2010, Boyle began publishing his comic strip "Rex Royd" in the launch issue of "CLiNT" magazine, co-written with comedian Jim Muir and with artwork by Michael Dowling. The story follows a Lex Luthor-style newspaper magnate with a super-villain alter-ego. Initially, the strip ran for first four issues of "CLiNT". The strip resumed again in November 2011, until the final issue in August 2013, when publisher Titan announced that "CLiNT" was ending.
Other appearances.
Boyle appeared as himself in the video game "", in a stand-up routine at Liberty City's Split Sides Comedy Club. He appeared on Real Radio Wales' weekly comedy show "Comedy Nighthorse" on 19 October 2011.
Controversy.
Rebecca Adlington.
Boyle managed to attract criticism in August 2008 when complaints were received about comments he made regarding British swimmer Rebecca Adlington on "Mock the Week", saying that she "looks like someone who's looking at themselves in the back of a spoon". The BBC ruled that the jokes were indeed "humiliating" and "risked offending the audience", while also calling Boyle "a brilliant member of the team". Despite this, Adlington's agent said that simply admitting mistakes was not enough, saying: "By giving Frankie Boyle a rebuke they fail to discourage others from doing the same." Adlington later went on to comment on this issue.
The Queen.
In October 2008, during "The Russell Brand Show" prank telephone calls row, Boyle found himself in the midst of a scandal when the BBC broadcast a "Mock the Week" repeat in which he made a joke about the Queen. This caused many to complain about the state that the BBC had come to with Conservative MP David Davies calling the joke a "disgracefully foul comment". Boyle was eventually cleared of any misconduct by the BBC Trust, although they called the comment "sexist and ageist".
Down syndrome.
In a performance on his 2010 tour, Boyle interrupted a "long, seemingly semi-improvised skit" about Down's syndrome by challenging a woman in the front row who seemed uncomfortable with the material. The audience member explained that her five-year-old girl had the condition, and strongly criticised Boyle's portrayal of Down's syndrome. Mencap spokesman Ismail Kaji said that the comments could be misconstrued and seen as "no different to bullying".
Palestine and Israel.
In April 2010, the BBC Trust's Editorial Standards Committee apologised for a joke made by Boyle on Radio 4 panel show "Political Animal" in which he likened the situation in Palestine to "a cake being punched to pieces by a very angry Jew". Boyle also made another joke where he said that he had "been studying Israeli Army martial arts. I now know 16 ways to kick a Palestinian woman in the back". In response, Boyle published a letter in which he criticised the Trust's "cowardly rebuke of my jokes about Palestine" and reprinted the jokes in question. He then criticised the BBC for not broadcasting a humanitarian appeal during the 2008–2009 Gaza War, saying that it was "tragic for such a great institution but it is now cravenly afraid of giving offence and vulnerable to any kind of well drilled lobbying." Boyle then said that the situation in Palestine "seems to be, in essence, apartheid", concluding that he had reached this position after watching a documentary about life in Palestine that he said had driven him to tears.
Harvey Price.
In December 2010, both Katie Price and Peter Andre were said to have been left "absolutely disgusted and sickened" by a joke that was made on "Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights" about Price's heavily disabled son, Harvey. On the show, Boyle said: "Apparently Jordan and Peter Andre are fightin' each other over custody of Harvey, well eventually one of them'll lose and have to keep him." Then he added: "I have a theory that Jordan married a cage fighter cause she needed someone strong enough to stop Harvey from fuckin' her."
Andre's representative also responded to the comments made by Boyle and said "We're all disgusted by these comments. Peter is angry and very upset at Harvey being mocked in this way. Children, especially a disabled youngster, should be off-limits." Both confirmed that they had sought legal action and wrote a complaint to Channel 4 regarding Boyle's jokes with Price saying: "To bully this unbelievably brave child is despicable; to broadcast it is to show a complete and utter lack of judgement. I have asked my lawyers to write to Channel 4." Ofcom confirmed that Price issued a complaint and accordingly launched an investigation into the programme. In April 2011 Ofcom ruled Channel 4 had breached broadcasting rules by transmitting the material in question but did not require the network to broadcast an apology saying that it was an "erroneous decision on a matter of editorial judgment on the broadcaster's part". Price criticised the decision not to require a broadcast apology.
Boyle discussed the material onstage at a charity gig some months later, saying that the joke was intended to highlight how Price exploited her son, and that he felt the two aspects of Price's media profile, "her disabled son and her sexuality", did not belong together. He rejected comments that the joke may have led to playground bullying, saying that "I find it hard to believe there are kids at that school who would like to slag Harvey, but can't think of an angle."
2012 Tax controversy.
In June 2012, "The Daily Mail" accused Boyle of avoiding tax in the amount of £873,388 through a process of liquidating (winding-up) one of his companies "Traskor Productions Limited", making him liable to pay only 10% tax instead of a maximum of 50%. Boyle strongly rebutted the Daily Mail's claims, saying on Twitter: "From 2007 I have paid £2.7m in tax and this equates to just under 40% of my income. There's a lot of things people do to avoid paying tax and I don't do any of them. I wound my company up for legal reasons separate from tax and my accountant applied for tax relief on this. This tax relief is approximately half of the tax saving the Mail quoted in its article today. I am certain I pay more tax than most people in show business and the cabinet."
Allegations of racism and libel action.
In July 2011, the "Daily Mirror" published an article which strongly criticised Boyle, alleging he had been forced to quit "Mock the Week" and describing him as a 'racist comedian'. In response, he sued the "Mirror" for libel, and in October 2012 a jury found in his favour, ordering the "Mirror" to pay him £54,650 in damages, all of which he donated to charity.
"Give It Up for Comic Relief".
On 6 March 2013, Boyle caused controversy yet again when he was invited to perform at Russell Brand's BBC Three fundraiser "Give It Up for Comic Relief". He made a series of crude jokes about Queen Elizabeth II, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Oscar Pistorius, Pope Benedict XVI and the Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal. Boyle opened his rant by exclaiming: "Genuinely quite surprised to be here. I thought the only way I'd ever get back on the BBC would have been if I started fucking kids.", and then went on to claim that "I think the BBC made Jimmy Savile wear that jewellery so children could hear him coming." He also said: "I can't believe she Duchess of Cambridge is pregnant to be honest because she told me she was on the pill." Taking a dig at the Queen, he said: "I wish the Queen had died the night before the Royal Jubilee. I wish she'd just fucking died. But they wouldn't have been able to tell us that she'd died. They would have had to hollow out her body and get that guy who plays Gollum to wear it." This was deemed so distasteful that his entire six-minute performance was cut out of the 3.5-hour show. Several newspapers claimed that Boyle was booed by the audience.
Other controversies.
Boyle also caused controversy with his 'Frankie Boyle Live' DVD, which included offensive jokes based around the kidnapping of Shannon Matthews. He also joked about the brother of F1 driver Lewis Hamilton having cerebral palsy and the suicide of Mark Speight, the presenter of British children's art programmes "SMart" and "SMarteenies", by saying: "Apparently, his suicide note was amazing. He'd done it all in seashells and glitter."
Personal life.
Boyle lives in Glasgow with his girlfriend, Shereen Taylor, and has two children: a daughter (born 2004) and a son (born October 2007). He has admitted that his career had caused him to neglect his family. He is a recovering alcoholic, having started drinking at the age of 15 and stopping at 26, and former drug user, who is now teetotal.
He is a follower of Noam Chomsky and says that he has had a great influence on his political beliefs, claiming to be more left-wing than Chomsky. During one of his interviews, he has also claimed to be a follower of Advaita Vedanta. 
When he guest appeared on Episode 1, Series 1 of "Would I Lie to You?" he revealed that he suffers from an allergy to copper.
In July 2013, Boyle supported Shaker Aamer, the last UK resident being held at Guantanamo Bay, by going on a hunger strike.
Boyle is a supporter of Scottish independence.

</doc>
<doc id="20646271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646271" title="Jijia Plain">
Jijia Plain

Jijia Plain () is a geographic area in NE Romania (most of Botoşani, and parts of Iaşi counties). Despite the name, it is not a flatland, but a region dotted with hills, part of the Moldavian Plateau. In Romania sometimes it is also called the Moldavian Plain, however one should be warned that in Moldova the latter term is used as a synonym for the Bălţi steppe plus Middle Prut Valley, which have a relief and natural vegetation identical to that of the Jijia Plain.
Jijia Plain has altitudes of cca. 200m, lower than the surrounding Suceava Plateau, Dniester Hills, and Bârlad Plateau. The surrounding hills are characterized by deep gorges, and the term plains is employed to denote the fact that the area in-between the hill formations is visibly more lean and less slant. The natural vegetation of this area of smooth hills is silvosteppe (forest-steppe). Nowadays it is intensely farmed. 
Jijia River is a tributary to the river Prut.
The region is a traditional agricultural area, favored by the black earth (earth with a very high natural fertility). Crops, vegetables, technical plants (such as tobacco), fruit trees (such as apple trees), fodder for the livestock, and occasionally grapes, potatoes, and berry shrubs are cultivated. The agriculture has an overwhelming domnance over the traditional vegetation, (deciduous) forest steppes. Traditional wildlife - wolfs, foxes, rabbits, boars, roes, storks, geese, ducks - are very rarely found outside a few remaining forests. A traditional horse growing area, the Moldavian Plains in the last century has specialized in livestock (horses, cows, sheep), and poultry.

</doc>
<doc id="20646279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646279" title="Wedgie">
Wedgie

A wedgie occurs when a person's nether underwear or other garments are wedged between the buttocks. While a wedgie can be created naturally, the term is usually associated with a prank or as a form of bullying. When a person is on the receiving end of a wedgie, his or her underwear is forcibly pulled up by a second person. 
Wedgies are commonly featured in popular works, either as a form of low comedy or as a behaviour representative of bullying. In such works, briefs are usually the type of underpants that are worn by the victim.
Dangers.
Wedgies, especially when performed on males, can be dangerous, potentially causing testicular or scrotal damage. An incident in 2004 involving a ten-year-old boy required reattachment of a testicle to the scrotum.
On the 9th of January 2014 multiple news sources reported the first confirmed death by atomic wedgie. Brad Lee-Davis, a 33 year old Oklahoma native, is alleged to have drunkenly fought with his stepfather 58 year old Denver Lee-St. Clair. During the altercation Lee-Davis grabbed Lee-St. Clair's elastic waistband and underwear, pulled it over his head, and suffocated him with the waistband. Oklahoma Medical Examiner spokeswoman Amy Elliott said the cause of death was asphyxiation and blunt force trauma.
Variations.
As a prank or form of bullying, there are a number of variants to the normal wedgie. It is impractical to list every variant, as the names and processes can be rather subjective; however, there are a few better-known variants of the wedgie.

</doc>
<doc id="20646292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646292" title="Mek Phanlak">
Mek Phanlak

Mek Phanlak is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Sainyabuli Province (Constituency 7).

</doc>
<doc id="20646303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646303" title="JNR Class EH10">
JNR Class EH10

The EH10 class of electric locomotives were Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo wheel arrangement two-unit DC freight locomotives operated by Japanese National Railways in Japan.
The exterior was designed by industrial designer Masao Hagiwara.
The EH10 was used for 1,200 tonne freight trains on the Tōkaidō Main Line between Tokyo (Shiodome) and Osaka (Umeda).
Preserved examples.
One example, EH10 61, is preserved at Higashi-Awaji Minami Park in Osaka.
Models.
The EH10 is available in model form in N gauge from Kato.

</doc>
<doc id="20646306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646306" title="Bounphak Inthapanya">
Bounphak Inthapanya

Bounphak Inthapanya is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Sainyabuli Province (Constituency 7).

</doc>
<doc id="20646326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646326" title="Yanyong Sipaseut">
Yanyong Sipaseut

Yanyong Sipaseut is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Sainyabuli Province (Constituency 7).

</doc>
<doc id="20646330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646330" title="First Baptist Church (Cumberland, Maryland)">
First Baptist Church (Cumberland, Maryland)

First Baptist Church is a historic church in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. It is a T-shaped gable-front brick structure of one and a half stories, with a white glazed brick facade that was added in 1917 to the existing church structure erected in 1849. The architecture is a modest interpretation of the late Gothic Revival style.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20646345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20646345" title="Ame Xongyieleng">
Ame Xongyieleng

Ame Xongyieleng is a Laotian politician. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for Sainyabuli Province (Constituency 7).

</doc>
