<doc id="20714261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714261" title="Buntport Theater">
Buntport Theater

Buntport Theater Company is a non-profit, professional theater group based in Denver, Colorado. Intent on creating innovative and affordable entertainment, the six members of the troupe write and produce all of their work. Each piece grows from a collaborative process, without specific directors or designers
The Company also hosts a variety of visual and performing artists, and has brought in talents from Philadelphia, New York, Seattle, and Australia to perform to Denver audiences.
Ensemble.
The six-person team consisting of Brian Colonna, Hannah Duggan, Erik Edborg, Erin Rollman, Samantha Schmitz, and Evan Weissman works in a non-hierarchical way in order to collaboratively create all productions. All six members collaborate as playwrights, actors, designers, directors, producers and technicians.
History.
Members of the company began collaborating while attending Colorado College in Colorado Springs, in the late 1990s.
The company moved into a cement warehouse, next to a Greek wholesale food distributor at 717 Lipan St. Denver, Colorado in 2000 and renovated it into a fully functioning black box theater with modular seating. Prior to that, they had created a few productions together, touring them to theaters, schools and fringe theatre festivals. As of 2012, Buntport has created 31 main-stage productions and 100 episodes of two "live sit-coms" ("Magnets on the Fridge" and "Starship Troy"). Their all-ages live comic book, "tRUNks", has produced over 40 installments.
Buntport has been able to create their own niche in the local and national theater scene, fostering many audience members who claim to “hate theater” and an abundance of the diverse and ever-elusive younger generation of theater-goers. Buntport has garnered more than 75 awards and many more nominations from newspapers, magazines, television stations and theater educators.
Process.
Buntport Theater Company is well known for their working model as artists and as an organization. Working collaboratively and non-hierarchically forces ideas to be filtered through several minds, encouraging brainstorming and playful experimentation.
Main Stage Productions.
Buntport Theater Company creates at least three full-length productions each year and every show is a world premiere original.
Past productions (chronological):
Quixote 
“...and this is my significant bother.” (based on the work of James Thurber) 
Word-Horde (an adaptation of sorts of Beowulf) 
Fin 
Ward #6 (Anton Chekhov)
Donner: A Documentary
Titus Andronicus! The Musical!
The Odyssey: A Walking Tour
The 30th of Baydak
Elevator
Cinderella
Idiot Box
McGuinn & Murry
Kafka On Ice
MacBlank (adaptation of MacBeth)
Horror: The Transformation
Realism: The Mythical Brontosaurus
A Synopsis of Butchery
Something is Rotten (adaptation of Hamlet)
Winter in Graupel Bay
Moby Dick Unread
Vote For Uncle Marty
Musketeer
Anywhere But Rome (based on Ovid)
Seal. Stamp. Send. Bang. (Musical)
The Squabble 
Indiana, Indiana
The World Is Mine
Jugged Rabbit Stew
My Hideous Progeny
Tommy Lee Jones Goes to Opera Alone
The Roast Beef Situation
Special Productions.
Part of the mission at Buntport is to offer as much high quality programming as often as possible, keeping ticket prices low, in order to keep audience members engaged. To involve people on a regular basis, Buntport created the live sit-com format. During six months of the year, they debuted a new episode of a “sit-com” every other Tuesday and Wednesday night, complete with commercial breaks and summer re-runs. The writing of each episode was inspired by an audience suggestion from the previous episode and often featured guest stars from the Denver theater scene. The first adventure into this field (titled "Magnets on the Fridge") became a cult hit, winning numerous awards from the media and critics, and attracting a loyal following. "Magnets on the Fridge" ran for 5 seasons before being replaced by "Starship Troy", which was equally successful and ran for 3 seasons. Buntport finished their live sitcom careers on December 31, 2008 with the 100th episode of their sitcoms.
tRUNks.
Using the format of their live sit-com, a team of the Buntport ensemble’s friends and peers creates and performs a family-friendly live comic book called "tRUNks", every other Saturday. Produced by Buntport (and sometimes featuring the ensemble members as guest stars), "tRUNks" is written and performed by Jessica Robblee, Mitch Slevc and Matt Zambrano. They have won awards for great children’s theater from every major paper in Colorado as well as from the Colorado Theatre Guild.
Ongoing Programs.
Starting in 2009, Buntport is offering a rotation of three different events each month.
Teacher’s Pet
This unique “show and tell” night is co-sponsored by Found Magazine, "Teacher’s Pet" gives audience members the opportunity to sign up for a performance slot. With five minutes per slot, performers share stories on the evening’s topic.
Pecha Kucha Night Denver
This presentation format was created in Japan as a way for designers to share their work without taking a painfully long time to do so. Presenters show 20 slides for 20 seconds at a time. After 6 minutes and 40 seconds, time is called. Now an international sensation, Pecha Kucha is a great way for the Arts community to share ideas, mingle and simply have a fun evening together. Winner of “Best PowerPoint Presentation for Hipsters” from Westword newspaper.
Buntport Versus
This program has members of Buntport trying to beat other people at their own game. On any given evening, you may see Buntport try to out-dance a modern dance troupe, out-rap a hip-hop group, or even out-tease Burlesque performers. At "Buntport Versus" the audience watches a short movie documenting Buntport’s foray into the given field, then meets both teams and learns about the competition genre, watches the battle, and votes who wins: the expert in the field or Buntport.
These three programs play four times a year, alternating on the third Tuesday of each month.
"Buntport vs" Debut.
On March 17, 2009, Alternative Hip Hop band Flobots appeared with the Buntport Theater troupe for the first "Buntport vs" event. The Flobots played "Stand Up", "Rise" and covered "Happy Together" by The Turtles. Denver Mayor John Hickenlooper attended the performance.
Community.
In addition to their artistic offerings, Buntport Theater Company works hard to develop positive relationships with the community. They donate 100% of a night’s ticket sales to a different local non-profit during the run of each main-stage production.
Awards.
Buntport has won over 50 awards from the media and critics. Here is a sampling:
Westword Reader's Choice 2008:
“Best Theater Season”
"Moby Dick Unread" “Best Theater Production”
Outfront Magazine Marlowe Awards 2007:
"Moby Dick Unread" “Best Production - Comedy”
KMGH-TV A*List 2007:
“Best Live Theater”
"Alliance For Colorado Theatre":
“Theater Company of the Year”
Denver Post 2007 Ovation Awards:
"tRUNks" “Best Children's Show”
5280 Magazine Reader's Choice 2007:
“Top Dance/Arts/Theater Company”
"Colorado Theatre Guild" Henry Awards:
"Something Is Rotten" “Outstanding New Play”
Westword Best of Denver 2007:
“Best Theater Season”
"A Synopsis of Butchery" “Best Original Play”
"A Synopsis of Butchery" “Best Set - Small Theater”
Denver Post 2006 Ovation Awards:
“Best Year for a Company”
"Something Is Rotten" “Best Comedy”
Westword Mastermind Award 2005:
“Innovation in the Performing Arts”
Westword Best of Denver 2005:
"Kafka On Ice" “Best Experimental Play”
Rocky Mountain News Top Of The Rocky 2004:
“Top Playwright”
Denver Post 2003 Ovation Awards:
"Misc." “Best New Work”
“Best Sound Design, The 30th of Baydak”
Westword Reader's Choice 2003:
“Best Season”
"Titus Adronicus! The Musical" “Best Production”
Rocky Mountain News Top Of The Rocky 2003:
“Top Theater Company”

</doc>
<doc id="20714267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714267" title="Pleasant Grove High School (Utah)">
Pleasant Grove High School (Utah)

Pleasant Grove High School (PGHS) is a public high school located in Pleasant Grove, Utah.
History.
Pleasant Grove High School was established in 1912. It started in a small one-room building. Additional rooms were eventually added on due to the increasing number of students. The former location was PG's old recreational center. The school was eventually moved to another location half a mile away where a larger building was built in 1959. The new building was not quite large enough, so the 9th grade stayed with the junior high school.
In 1921, a group of seniors put a block letter G on an unnamed peak west of Mount Timpanogos. The first time the G was lit was in 1929. In 1984 the G was nearly taken down because of maintenance fees. The student body fought to keep the G standing and raised enough money to keep it from being taken down. From then on G Day was celebrated as a Pleasant Grove holiday. It was later removed from holiday status because the grass on the football field was being destroyed by the people celebrating. The G is lit every year for special occasions such as Homecoming and graduation. Recently the lighting equipment and generator broke down because of age and use. The 2010-2011 student council started the "Light the G" fundraiser, spearheaded by student council member Jeremy Jensen. With the help of students and the community, they were able to raise over $5,500 and buy two new 500-watt generators, over 1000 feet of new light cords and new fluorescent light bulbs. The G was lit again for the first time in about three years after the 2010 Homecoming game.
In the school’s early years, the mascot was known as the Pleasant Grove Grover. In 1959, when PG switched over schools, the mascot was changed to the Valkyrie. It was similar to the Grover, but the Valkyrie in Norse mythology is an angel of war who chooses which heroes will die in battle. It was later changed to the Viking, which is the current mascot.
In August 1972, a fire broke out in the new library. Riley Richards and Chris Varney, two janitors, were killed in the accident. While they were cleaning, volatile fumes filled the room they were in, and a tiny spark ignited the fumes, which caused an explosion, killing the two men and starting a raging fire in the library. It took the school approximately five years to fully rebuild the library. It was moved to the lower story of the building and was modified to reduce the chances of such a disaster recurring.
Campus.
Location.
The campus of PGHS is located at 700 East 200 South, Pleasant Grove, Utah. It is under the jurisdiction of Alpine School District.
Additions.
The original building was built at its current location in 1959. In 1998 an approximately addition containing a school-use computer lab and eight classrooms began construction that lasted for nine months. In 2007, a . addition containing 29 new classrooms, a new attendance office and a new administrative office began construction. The construction lasted for two years and was completed in February 2009. The 29 classrooms include an art lab, two science labs and four computer labs, along with regular classrooms. With the completion of the 29 additional classrooms the school was able to demolish five trailers that had served as ten extra classrooms since 1988. Along with the addition, the school rebuilt their football field with turf and new bleachers, resurfaced their tennis courts, and renovated their home economics classrooms and their weight room. The total approximate size of the school is currently .
Facilities.
The approximately campus of PGHS contains tennis courts, a football field, soccer practice fields, a baseball field, and a joint city-school owned softball field. Some sports classes are taught on these fields, while other classes such as dance are taught at the nearby Pleasant Grove Community Center, located at 457 South Locust Avenue, Pleasant Grove, Utah.
Academics.
PGHS offers a variety of classes including Vocational (CTE), Advanced Placement (AP), and Concurrent Enrollment (CE) classes. Students can take CE classes to earn college credit during High School. CE offers the possibility to graduate with an Associates degree from Utah Valley University (UVU), which is transferable to most other Universities located in Utah. CTE stands for Career and Technical Education. CTE classes provide traditionally non-academic skills for specific jobs.
AP and ACT.
In 10-11 PGHS will offer a total of 19 Advanced Placement classes opposed to the 18 it offered in 09-10. 21 percent of all students at PGHS earn credit for at least one Advanced Placement class each year. The most popular Advanced Placement class is Biology, because in addition to credit from the AP test, it also offers CE credit. Other Advanced Placement classes offered are Music, World History, Art, Psychology, Physics and Chemistry. The average ACT score at PGHS is 23.5; the national average is 20.5.
Sports.
Varsity PGHS sports include:
Boys Baseball, Boys and Girls Basketball, Boys and Girls Cross country, Boys Football, Boys and Girls Golf, Boys and Girls Soccer, Girls Softball, Boys and Girls Swim, Boys and Girls tennis, Boys and Girls Track&Field, Girls Volleyball, and Boys Wrestling.
Years that PGHS has won state championships for wrestling:
'71,'72,'74,'86,'89,'91,'92,'93,'94,'95,'96,'97, '11, '12, '13.
Football:
'55,'56,'83,'84,'85,'86,'89,'93.
Volleyball:
'00,'01,'03,'04,'05,'06,'09,'12, '13
In the year 1955 Pleasant Grove High School took 1st in the region in Boy's baseball, football, and wrestling. In 1988 the girls volleyball took state, the girls basketball went undefeated, the wrestling took 2nd in state, baseball also went undefeated in region 8, and the swim team qualified for the state tourney.
Clubs.
ASL, Art, Band, Ballroom, Book Club, Color Guard, Dance, DECA, Drama, FCCLA, French, FBLA, FFA, HOSA, Computer Club, Journalism, Key Club, KPGR/PGTV, National Honors Society, Operation Smile, Orchestra, Physics, Spanish, Spirit Team, Student Council, TSA and many more.
KPGR is a radio class with their own radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="20714270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714270" title="Out on a Limb (book)">
Out on a Limb (book)

Out on a Limb is an autobiographical book written by American film actress Shirley MacLaine in 1983. It details MacLaine's journeys through New Age spirituality. The book follows McLaine from California to various locations including New York, Hawaii, and Europe, culminating in a life-changing trip to the Andes mountains in Peru. Central "characters" include "David" who is, according to MacLaine herself, a composite character, "Gerry Stamford", a married man and member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, with whom McLaine was having an affair, and real-life close friend and politician, Bella Abzug. 
The book received both acclaim and criticism for its candor in dealing with such topics as reincarnation, meditation, mediumship (trance-channelling), and even unidentified flying objects. This is the book that made Shirley MacLaine the butt of many a joke, especially by the late-night comedians. Once, when David Letterman would not let up on the New Age subject, MacLaine responded by saying, "I think Cher was right; You are an ass-hole!" 
"Out on a Limb" was adapted for television in 1987. The five-hour ABC Television miniseries starred Shirley MacLaine (as herself), John Heard as "David Manning", and Charles Dance as "Jerry Stamford." Jerry Orbach played her agent. MacLaine kept a diary during the filming of the miniseries. The notes were later turned into the book "It's All In The Playing". 

</doc>
<doc id="20714272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714272" title="Hastings Boys' High School">
Hastings Boys' High School

Hastings Boys' High School is a boys' secondary school in Hastings, New Zealand. The school is part of the Super 8. The school was founded in 1904 as Hastings High School. Fifty years later, it split into Hastings Girls' School and Hastings Boys' School.
It has four Houses, Te Mata (red), Heretaunga (blue), Te Kahu (grey) and Mana Huia (black). These houses compete in many sporting events with each other throughout the year.
Students at Hastings Boys' High School organised a conference in 1999 to consider cloning the Huia, their school emblem. The Maori tribe Ngati Huia agreed, in principle, to support the endeavour, which would be carried out at the University of Otago, and a California-based Internet start-up volunteered $100,000 of funding. However, as of 2008, the cloning has not taken place.
References.
The schools drama department has had outstanding results in the past years' stage challenge event, taking out first place in 2008 and third in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20714283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714283" title="The Ocean Fracture">
The Ocean Fracture

The Ocean Fracture were a post-hardcore band based in Glasgow, comprising Steven Gillies (Vocals, guitar), Paul McArthur (Guitar, vocals, other), Wes McCallum (bass) and Sean Campbell (drums).
History.
The band formed in January 2004, and released one double A-sided single, a split with Bleaklow and one mini-album, "The Sunmachine And The Ocean", which was released in September 2006 by Eyes Of Sound records.
During their tenure together, the band played or toured with many well-known UK acts, including Secondsmile, Devil Sold His Soul, Eden Maine and Sika Redem, amongst others.
The band completed work on three new tracks in February 2009, produced by Oliver Craggs (ex-Cubic Space Division) at his Hidden Track Studios in Folkestone, Kent. The tracks were planned to be released on a split EP with Kent noisecore band Rise Of Raphia, however Rise of Raphia disbanded before these plans could come to fruition. 
In June 2010 these tracks were finally released on a split EP with Sheffield post-metal act Bleaklow. 
In January 2010 The Ocean Fracture announced that Wes McCallum, of Glasgow math-rock outfit No Kilter, would be joining the band. The new line-up played their first show on 15 January with Irish rockers LaFaro.
In October 2010, The Ocean Fracture officially split up, releasing a retrospective compilation of unreleased demos for free digital download via their Facebook page.
Post-Ocean Fracture Projects.
After the dissolution of The Ocean Fracture, guitarist Paul McArthur and bassist Wes McCallum formed experimental post-hardcore group Salò with former No Kilter drummer Sam Massey. Drummer Sean Campbell has gone on to play in post-hardcore acts Hunt/Gather and In Wrecks, and singer/guitarist Steven Gillies formed experimental rock band Atlas:Empire and post-rock act Dialects. In late 2012, Paul and Sean reunited to form noise rock band Thin Privilege, with Sean drumming and Paul on vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="20714286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714286" title="Kahin Diyaa Jale Kahin Jiyaa">
Kahin Diyaa Jale Kahin Jiyaa

Kahin Diyaa Jale Kahin Jiyaa is an Indian soap opera that made its debut on Sony TV and was critically acclaimed for its unique storyline and power-packed performances. The series aired every Monday to Thursday at 9:30pm IST.

</doc>
<doc id="20714290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714290" title="John L. Spivak">
John L. Spivak

John Louis Spivak (June 13, 1897 – September 30, 1981), an American socialist and later communist reporter and author, who wrote about the problems of the working class, racism, and the spread of fascism in Europe and the United States. Most of his writings date from the 1920s and 1930s. He lived under a pseudonym during the 1950s and 1960s, emerging again to publish his autobiography in 1967 and work as a journalist in the 1970s.
Early life and overview.
As a boy Spivak worked in a number of industrial factories in his hometown of New Haven, Connecticut.
He was attracted to leftist ideas in his teenage years and later wrote that writing was "more to me than just a trade I liked; it was a weapon." He claimed he never joined the Communist Party. In his 1967 autobiography, he described how the 1939 Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact temporarily shook his faith in the Soviet Union as the guardian of radical ideals until he decided that the Soviet Union's survival justified it.
Along with many of his contemporaries, Spivak experimented with new forms of reporting in which the reporter appeared in his stories as an investigator and witness, drawing the reader into his experience. He used the "exposé quotation" technique to underscore differences between his subject's words and actions and presented himself as a confrontational interviewer. He dramatized his own research efforts and search for facts on the reader's behalf. He also admitted his political prejudices so as to disarm the reader's objections to his lack of objectivity. The foremost student of 1930s journalism recognized his achievement: "A large share of the period's exposé s were his."
Though he cited opposition to fascism as his primary motivation as a journalist, Spivak cooperated with the Soviet KGB in the 1930s, perhaps from as early as 1932. KGB reports indicated that the Soviets particularly valued information he obtained from sources at U.S. Congressional committees. He obtained material that included details about the German government's financing and sponsorship of Nazi activity in the U.S. as well as documents related to munitions and chemical weapons research. The KGB also used Spivak as a source of information about Trotskyites, its ideological enemies on the left. The KGB appears to have changed its mind about his usefulness more than once, so Spivak's relationship to the KGB was intermittent for more than a decade.
Career.
Spivak landed his first job as a police reporter for the "New Haven Union". He moved to New York where he worked at the "Morning Sun", "Evening Graphic", and "The Call", the paper of the American Socialist Party. His first major story came when he covered the Battle of Matewan in West Virginia. He then served briefly as a reporter and bureau chief in Berlin and Moscow for the International News Service. Upon his return to the United States, he became a feature writer for leftist newspapers and magazines such as the Communist Party USA's "Daily Worker", "Ken", and the "New Masses".
In 1930, in a case known as the "Whalen Papers," Spivak used his position as a journalist on behalf of the Soviet Union. When documents detailing Soviet propaganada efforts came into the possession of the New York City Police Department, Spivak quickly demonstrated they were forgeries. Only years later did it transpire that the documents were supplied by the Soviets so that Spivak, alert to the scheme, could discredit them and thereby undermine Congressional efforts to investigate Communist propaganda in the United States.
Spivak traveled throughout the South in the early 1930s interviewing prison camp officials and photographing camp practices and punishment records. His novel, "Georgia Nigger," depicting the brutality of peonage labor and chain gangs, was serialized several newspapers, including the "Daily Worker" and the "Des Moines Tribune". Soon after it appeared in 1932, an academic study called it "a second "Uncle Tom's Cabin", an indictment of peonage and convict-labor in Georgia, powerful enough to put to shame all the rhapsodists of the folk Negro's happy state." Another reviewer thought it posed "a moral challenge" but disliked its exaggerations and the author's "superciliousness." The book carried an appendix with photographs and documents designed to document the novel's descriptions of torture. "Thus his novel," wrote one reviewer, "in addition to the dramatic force of an interesting and well-told story, has the weight and authority of a sociological investigation." Just a few weeks after the book appeared, Spivak testified with other experts on the Georgia penal system in a successful attempt to persuade New Jersey Governor A. Harry Moore to refuse to extradite a fugitive from a Georgia chain gang.
In 1934, some of Spivak's "New Masses" articles on anti-Semitism in the U.S. were reprinted as a 93-page pamphlet called "Plotting America's Pogroms".
His 1935 exposé in the Communist Party's "New Masses" charged a congressional committee with deliberately suppressing evidence of an offer made to retired Marine General Smedley D. Butler by Wall Street Jewish financiers (see the Business Plot) to lead a military coup against the U.S. government and replace it with a fascist regime. Butler was supposedly, "offered $3,000,000 to organize a fascist army with a promise of $300,000,000 more if it became necessary."
Most of Spivak's work was dedicated to supporting communism, exposing capitalism, fascism and underground Nazi spy groups in Central America, Europe, and the U.S. In March 1935, the last issue of the "American Spectator" gave its award for "best reporting" to Spivak for his articles in "New Masses" on Nazi and anti-Semitic activity in the U.S.
Spivak announced the thesis of "America Faces the Barricades" (1935) in the preface: "I think that the capitalist system in this country still has some distance to go before it falls...We are in for a period of great unrest, organized and unorganized revolts and bloodshed; a period, I think, which will continue until the present economic system has been completely changed." "Time" provided its readers with a brief description of : "Misleadingly titled collection of sober reports on conditions and states of mind among the unemployed, California migratory workers, Southern sharecroppers and other distressed groups, written by one of the ablest of U.S. radical journalists." Another review said Spivak "used to be a first-class reporter," and while granting that "One does not doubt Mr. Spivak's facts," said that "It is the pattern that seems overdrawn." A more appreciative reviewer found Spivak "natively fair-minded and realistic," but doubted his conclusions, especially his assessment of the threat of domestic Nazism and anti-Semitism: "seems to take fools too seriously. Mr. Spivak is in danger of being as credulous of the claims of counter-revolution as some of our eminent citizens are of the claims of revolution."
Spivak toured parts of Europe and produced a portrait of the continent in "Europe under the Terror" (1936). "Time" found it interesting enough to summarize at length, country by country: "Italy's tyrants, suggests Spivak, are clowns, its people poltroons."; "Germany's tyrants Spivak describes as super-efficient grafting gangsters, its people dolts."; "Poland's tyrants, according to Spivak, are amiable, intelligent playboys, its people hopeless serfs." In sum:
"Europe Under the Terror", like the peasants' potatoes, must be taken with a little salt. Readers will be considerably baffled to know how this U.S. investigator, who speaks only English and German, managed to evoke such dangerous confidences from the most illiterate classes in Italy, Poland and Czechoslovakia through interpreters. Author Spivak is a shade too ready to forecast the collapse of tyrannies, to overestimate the potency of the rebellious spirit. His book is valuable as a document of a kind that rarely emerges from the censored murk of dictatorship.
British diplomat turned academic E.H. Carr found it "ambitious" and partly interesting, and wished Spivak had covered some harder to study regions. Columbia University Soviet specialist Michael T. Florinsky dissected Spivak's reporting. He noted that Spivak's style appealed to both the "New Masses" and William Randolph Hearst's "New York Journal" because his worked lacked the attributes of "high-class journalism": "objectivity, accuracy, comprehensiveness, and a sense of proportion." He found nothing new about the rulers except "fantastic stories about the German and Italian spy system," yet was moved by Spivak's "real feeling for the underdog." He cited statements "in flagrant contradiction with easily ascertainable facts," a complete misunderstanding of German agricultural policy, and a tale of Nazi officials trying to smuggling German marks abroad that would not be convertible into any other currency. He summarized:
These and other gross distortions of facts are particularly regrettable because they make it difficult to accept on its face value Mr. Spivak's evidence on the development of the revolutionary movement in the countries he visited, evidence that cannot be checked from their sources. It was obtained by him in Germany, Poland and Austria under conditions so romantic and melodramatic that they put Hollywood completely to shame. According to Mr. Spivak, the leaders of secret anti-Fascist organizations sought to meet him, although not only their personal freedom and perhaps even their lives, but also, to a certain extent, the success of the movement itself, were at stake. With all respect for Mr. Spivak's abilities, the risks taken by these German, Polish and Austrian revolutionaries seems to be utterly unreasonable and the destinies of the anti-Fascist movement put in rather reckless hands. One should not, however, overestimate their Fascist opponents. Under the fire of the fairly innocuous and sometimes rather naive questions of the impetuous and fearless American journalist, the high Fascist officials in Rome turned white, green, gray and red, and then finally collapsed in utter confusion and helplessness. No wonder Mr. Spivak foresees momentous changes in the near future.
Another "New York Times" reviewer described it as "a clever attempt to pick out the threads of fear, misery and venality in the texture of Central Europe today, not with a scholar's fine point but with the blunt stub of a partisan." "Mr. Spivak is an artist in black and white and can't be bothered with intermediary shades of color...If, in your opinion, striking contrasts and brilliant writing can compensate for oversimplification and ingenuousness, Mr. Spivak is the man for your money."
Under the sponsorship of "New Masses", Spivak toured the United States in 1936 delivering a lecture on the dangers of fascism called "I Saw."
In October 1937, Spivak testified before a Massachusetts legislative commission investigating Communist, fascist, and Nazi activities, describing a nationwide Nazi propaganda network and accusing two employees of Henry Ford, among others, of distributing Nazi propaganda. He identified another witness as a distributor of Nazi propaganda, who in turn said Spivak was being paid by the Communist Party.
In a sort of sequel to "Secret Armies", "Honorable Spy" (1939) described smuggling and war preparations on the part of West Coast Japanese in collusion with Nazis, hiding weapons in Mexico, and spying on American defense installations with telescopic lenses. One review followed a summation of its charges with an evaluation: "How much of what Mr. Spivak sees and hears is true, we do not know. But we trust that Mr. Hoover's F.B.I. officials. as well as the Mexican government, will look sharply into these activities."
In 1940, he was arrested for criminal libel because of charges he made in "Secret Armies" that an investigator for the House Un-American Activities Committee and a German instructor at Wichita State University were Nazi agents.
Spivak also investigated the financial activities of Charles E. Coughlin, the Catholic radio priest who founded the National Shrine of the Little Flower in Royal Oak, Michigan. One author described Spivak's combination of documentation and advocacy in "Shrine of the Silver Dollar" (1940) as "in the nature of investigative reporting." A review of the historical literature on Coughlin places a sympathetic biography at one end of the scale and Spivak's "rabid" study at the other, calling "Shrine" "a primary document of the brown scare," that is, an unwarranted and hysterical fear of a right-wing overthrow of the federal government.
Later years.
New Century, a Communist publishing house, issued two pamphlets of Spivak's work that attacked America's political right wing for its role in creating the Cold War: "Pattern for Domestic Fascism" (1947) and "The "Save the Country" Racket" (1948).
With the rise of McCarthyism, Spivak spent much of the 1950s and 1960s writing under several pen names for men's magazines including "Cavalier", "Esquire", "Fury", "Male", and "Man to Man". He lived for 2 decades under the pseudonym Monroe Fry. "Esquire" published a collection of his short fiction, "lurid stories about easy women, prostitutes, and other 'favors' routinely enjoyed by the middle-class dad on a sales trip," as "Sex, Vice and Business" by Monroe Fry. One review described its treatment of the subject as "slightly sensationalized."
He and his wife, Mabel, retired to their farm in Easton, Pennsylvania. Assuming the name John L. Spivak once more, in 1967 he published his autobiography, "A Man in His Time", which covered his life up to 1939. Reviewing it for the "New York Times", veteran liberal journalist Gerald W. Johnson wrote that Spivak's style of journalism, committed to "the exposure of villains" and "dramatic intensity," produces in the end "a distinct aura of mythology." Citing Spivak's account of the Liberty League's conspiracy to depose Roosevelt, Johnson acknowledged a certain basis in reality but called Spivak's account "pretty farfetched." Johnson praised Spivak's enduring optimism and skills as a writer: "As a pictorial writer, he is deft, evoking with a line or two a picture that a less competent hand would take a page to limn." He described the work's content, however, as "a series of impressions of an observer, highly skillful, but highly unscientific...It needs to be balanced and corrected by the work of historians trained in a more rigorous professional discipline."
From 1968 to 1973 he wrote a consumer affairs column called "Action! Express" for the "Easton Express", a newspaper based in Easton, Pennsylvania. His work led to a federal investigation of sales tactics used by magazine circulation companies.
Spivak died in Philadelphia in 1981, six months after his wife died. They had been married for 64 years and were survived by a daughter and grandson.
Most of Spivak's papers are held at Syracuse University, while some related to "Georgia Nigger" are at the University of Texas at Austin
Assessments.
Sometime before 1937, Muckraker Lincoln Steffens described Spivak as "the best of us."

</doc>
<doc id="20714301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714301" title="Dionysis Boukouvalas">
Dionysis Boukouvalas

Dionysis Boukouvalas (born in 7 May 1979 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek composer who grew up in Zakynthos (Zante), Greece. He is also involved with improvisation (on January 2004 he received his piano diploma with mention "A and first prize").
Some of Boukouvalas' infrequent endeavours include musicology (with an interest in the music of his native island) and performance, particularly 20th and 21st century music, including Greek and world premieres.
He holds the diplomas of Harmony, Counterpoint and Fugue (all with mention "A"). On 2007 he completed his master’s course at the university "Paris 8", under the supervision of Anne Sedes (dealing with the element of chance in music), having followed the composition "atelier" of the Spanish composer José Manuel López López. He is a member of the Greek Composers Union.
His work include:
His work "Chemins fermés" (for string sextet, dedicated in the memory of Iannis Xenakis) won a prize at the Workshops cycle of the Athens Megaron in 2004.
His transcription for two pianos of the orchestral work of Philippos Tsalahouris "24 greek dances for the Benaki Museum", was published in 2009 by the same-named institution.
His piano work "Meditation" was included in the 2012 audio DVD PostCage issued by the American label OgreOgress.
Recent premieres of his works include (2012) "Winter concords", for ensemble, in collaboration with Rob Haskins (New Hampshire, USA), "Sunbeams", for clarinet, viola and piano (Druskininkai, Lithuania), (2013) "Scherzo" for plucked string ensemble (Zakynthos, Greece), and "Music for a non-existent film", for 2 pianos, 8 hands (Vilnius, Lithuania).
He is a founding member of the Zante Jazz Festival (2009–2011). His first personal CD "English Gardens" came out in 2011 and garnered praise by highly acclaimed musicians such as Ketil Bjørnstad.

</doc>
<doc id="20714305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714305" title="William Johnston (bishop)">
William Johnston (bishop)

The Rt Rev William Johnston was Bishop of Dunwich from 1977 to 1980. 
He was born on 7 July 1914 and educated at Bromsgrove School and Selwyn College, Cambridge. After ordination he held curacies in Headingley and Knaresborough. Following this he was Vicar of St. Bartholomew's Church, Armley, then of St Chad, Shrewsbury and finally (before elevation to the Episcopate) Archdeacon of Bradford. He died on 23 May 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20714318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714318" title="Jan Plodek">
Jan Plodek

Jan Plodek (born November 26, 1978) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He plays forward for HC Liberec in the Czech Extraliga. He has been playing for HC Liberec throughout his career, first when the team was called Stadion Liberec, then when the team was called HC Bílí Tygři Liberec.

</doc>
<doc id="20714324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714324" title="Aegocera">
Aegocera

Aegocera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family. 

</doc>
<doc id="20714332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714332" title="Vandermonde polynomial">
Vandermonde polynomial

In algebra, the Vandermonde polynomial of an ordered set of "n" variables formula_1, named after Alexandre-Théophile Vandermonde, is the polynomial:
It is also called the Vandermonde determinant, as it is the determinant of the Vandermonde matrix.
The value depends on the order of the terms: it is an alternating polynomial, not a symmetric polynomial.
Alternating.
The defining property of the Vandermonde polynomial is that it is "alternating" in the entries, meaning that permuting the formula_5 by an odd permutation changes the sign, while permuting them by an even permutation does not change the value of the polynomial – in fact, it is the basic alternating polynomial, as will be made precise below.
It thus depends on the order, and is zero if two entries are equal – this also follows from the formula, but is also consequence of being alternating: if two variables are equal, then switching them both does not change the value and inverts the value, yielding formula_6 and thus formula_7 (assuming the characteristic is not 2, otherwise being alternating is equivalent to being symmetric).
Conversely, the Vandermonde polynomial is a factor of every alternating polynomial: as shown above, an alternating polynomial vanishes if any two variables are equal, and thus must have formula_8 as a factor for all formula_9.
Alternating polynomials.
Thus, the Vandermonde polynomial (together with the symmetric polynomials) generates the alternating polynomials.
Discriminant.
Its square is widely called the discriminant, though some sources call the Vandermonde polynomial itself the discriminant.
The discriminant (the square of the Vandermonde polynomial: formula_10) does not depend on the order of terms, as formula_11, and is thus an invariant of the "unordered" set of points.
If one adjoins the Vandermonde polynomial to the ring of symmetric polynomials in "n" variables formula_12, one obtains the quadratic extension formula_13, which is the ring of alternating polynomials.
Characteristic classes.
In characteristic classes, the Vandermonde polynomial corresponds to the Euler class, and its square (the discriminant) corresponds to the top Pontryagin class. This is formalized in the splitting principle, which connects characteristic classes to polynomials.
In the language of stable homotopy theory, the Vandermonde polynomial (and alternating polynomials generally) is an "unstable phenomenon," which corresponds to the fact that the Euler class is an unstable characteristic class.
That is, the ring of symmetric polynomials in "n" variables can be obtained from the ring of symmetric polynomials in arbitrarily many variables by evaluating all variables above formula_14 to zero: symmetric polynomials are thus "stable" or "compatibly defined." However, this is not the case for the Vandermonde polynomial or alternating polynomials: the Vandermonde polynomial in "n" variables is not obtained from the Vandermonde polynomial in formula_15 variables by setting formula_16.
Vandermonde polynomial of a polynomial.
Given a polynomial, the Vandermonde polynomial of its roots is defined over the splitting field; for a non-monic polynomial, with leading coefficient "a", one may define the Vandemonde polynomial as
(multiplying with a leading term) to accord with the discriminant.
Generalizations.
Over arbitrary rings, one instead uses a different polynomial to generate the alternating polynomials – see (Romagny, 2005).
Weyl character formula.
The Vandermonde polynomial can be considered a special case of the Weyl character formula, specifically the Weyl denominator formula (the case of the trivial representation) of the special unitary group formula_18.

</doc>
<doc id="20714373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714373" title="Monarchy of Denmark">
Monarchy of Denmark

The monarchy in Denmark is the constitutional monarchy of the Kingdom of Denmark, which includes Denmark, Greenland and the Faroe Islands. The present Danish monarch, since 14 January 1972, is Queen Margrethe II.
As a constitutional monarch, the Queen is limited to non-partisan, ceremonial functions. The ultimate executive authority over the government of Denmark is still by and through the monarch's royal reserve powers; in practice these powers are only used according to laws enacted in Parliament or within the constraints of convention.
The Monarchy of Denmark was founded by the Viking kings Gorm the Old and Harald Bluetooth in the 10th century, making the monarchy of Denmark the oldest in Europe. The current Royal House is a branch of the princely family of Glücksburg, originally from Schleswig-Holstein in Germany, the same royal house as the Norwegian and former Greek royal families.
History.
The Danish monarchy is over 1000 years old, making it the fourth oldest continuous monarchy in the world still existing today, the oldest being the Imperial House of Japan. The first monarch the monarchy can be traced back to is Gorm the Old (died 958). Originally the monarchy was elective, but in practice the eldest son of the reigning monarch was elected. Later a Coronation Charter was signed by the king to restrict the powers of the Danish monarch. Absolutism was introduced in 1660–1661, when the elective monarchy was transformed into a hereditary monarchy. Male primogeniture succession was laid down in law in the Royal Decree of 1665. On 5 June 1849 the constitution was altered to create a constitutional monarchy for Denmark. The Act of Succession of 27 March 1953 introduced the possibility of female succession, which enabled the current reigning Queen, Margrethe II, to accede the throne.
The last monarch descended from Valdemar IV, Christopher III of Denmark, died in 1448. Count Christian of Oldenburg, descendant of Valdemar IV's aunt Richeza, was chosen as his successor and became the next monarch of Denmark, ruling under the name Christian I. The last Danish monarch from the direct line of the House of Oldenburg, Frederik VII, died without issue. In accordance with the act of succession, Prince Christian of Glücksborg acceded the throne, being the first Danish monarch of the house of Glücksborg, a cadet branch of the House of Oldenburg. Christian eventually became known as 'the Father-in-law of Europe' due to his family ties with most other ruling dynasties of Europe: His daughter Princess Alexandra married Edward VII of the United Kingdom, another daughter Princess Dagmar married Alexander III of Russia and Princess Thyra married Crown Prince Ernst August of Hanover, Duke of Cumberland who was also a British prince. His son Vilhelm went on to become George I of Greece. Further, his grandson Carl became Haakon VII of Norway. To this day the Danish Royal Family are related to most other reigning European dynasties.
Constitutional and official role.
According to the Danish Constitution the Danish Monarch, as head of state, is the source of executive and, cojointly with the Folketing or Parliament, legislative power. The Monarch retains the ability to deny giving a bill royal assent as well as choosing and dismissing the Prime Minister, although in modern times this becomes increasingly more unlikely. As Head of State, the monarch participates in the formation of a new government. Bills are required to be countersigned by one or more cabinet ministers to become law (Constitution, III,14) King Christian X was the last Monarch to exercise the power of dismissal on his own will, which he did on March 28, 1920 sparking the 1920 Easter Crisis. All royal powers called Royal Prerogative, such as patronage to appoint ministers and the ability to declare war and make peace, are exercised by the Prime Minister and the Cabinet, with the formal consent of the Queen. After consultation with representatives of the political parties, the Party Leader who has the support of the largest number of seats in the Danish Parliament is invited to form a government. Once it has been formed, the monarch will formally appoint it.
Today the Monarch has an essentially ceremonial role restricted in exercise of power by convention and public opinion. As a figurehead the monarch opens exhibitions, attends anniversaries, inaugurates bridges etc. However three informal rights are still attributed to the monarch: the right to be consulted, the right to advise and the right to warn. As a consequence of these ideals, the Prime Minister and Cabinet attends the regular meeting of the Council of State. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Foreign Affairs report regularly to the Queen to advise her of the latest political developments. The Queen hosts official visits by foreign Heads of State and pays State Visits abroad.
Greenland and the Faroe Islands.
Greenland and the Faroe Islands are two Danish dependencies which enjoy home rule and their head of state is also the monarch of Denmark, in accordance with the Danish Constitution.
Succession.
Denmark has had absolute primogeniture since 2009.
The Danish Act of Succession adopted on 27 March 1953 restricts the throne to those descended from King Christian X and his wife, Alexandrine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, through approved marriages.
Dynasts lose their right to the throne if they marry without the permission of the monarch given in the Council of State. Individuals born to unmarried dynasts or to former dynasts that married without royal permission, and their descendants, are excluded from the throne. Further, when approving a marriage, the monarch can impose conditions that must be met in order for any resulting offspring to have succession rights. Part II, Section 9 of the Danish Constitution of 5 June 1953 provides that the parliament will elect a king and determine a new line of succession should a situation arise where there are no eligible descendants of King Christian X and Queen Alexandrine.
The monarch of Denmark must be a member of the Danish National Church, or Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark (Danish Constitution, II,6). The National Church is by law the State Church, though the monarch is not its head.
Background.
The first law governing the succession to the Danish throne as a hereditary monarchy was the "Kongeloven" (), enacted 14 November 1665, and published in 1709. It declared that the crown of Denmark shall descend by heredity to the legitimate descendants of King Frederick III, and that the order of succession shall follow semi-Salic primogeniture, according to which the crown is inherited by an heir, with preference among the Monarch's children to males over females; among siblings to the elder over the younger; and among Frederick III's remoter descendants by substitution, senior branches over junior branches. Female descendants were eligible to inherit the throne in the event there were no eligible surviving male dynasts born in the male line. As for the duchies, Holstein and Lauenburg where the King ruled as duke, these lands adhered to Salic law (meaning that only males could inherit the ducal throne), and by mutual agreement were permanently conjoined. The duchies of Schleswig (a Danish fief), Holstein and Lauenburg (German fiefs) were joined in personal union with the Crown of Denmark.
This difference caused problems when Frederick VII of Denmark proved childless, making a change in dynasty imminent, and causing the lines of succession for the duchies on one hand and for Denmark on the other to diverge. That meant that the new King of Denmark would not also be the new Duke of Schleswig or Duke of Holstein. To ensure the continued adhesion of the Elbe duchies to the Danish Crown, the line of succession to the duchies was modified in the London Protocol of 1852, which designated Prince Christian IX of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, as the new heir apparent, although he was, strictly, the heir neither to the Crown of Denmark nor to the Duchies of Schleswig, Holstein or Lauenburg by primogeniture. Originally, the Danish prime minister Christian Albrecht Bluhme wanted to keep the separate hereditary principles, but in the end the government decided on a uniform agnatic primogeniture, which was accepted by the Parliament.
This order of succession remained in effect for a hundred years, then the Salic law was changed to male-preference primogeniture in 1953, meaning that females could inherit, but only if they had no brothers. In 2009, the mode of inheritance of the throne was once more changed, this time into an absolute primogeniture. 
Privileges and restrictions.
Following the transformation of Denmark's monarchy from elective (at least theoretically, although it had generally descended to the eldest son of the House of Oldenburg since 1448) to hereditary in 1660, the so-called "Kongelov" established the reign "by the grace of God" of King Frederick III and his posterity. Of the articles of this law, all except Article 21 and Article 25 have since been repealed. Article 21 states "No Prince of the Blood, who resides here in the Realm and in Our territory, shall marry, or leave the Country, or take service under foreign Masters, unless he receives Permission from the King". Under this provision, princes of Denmark who permanently reside in other realms by express permission of the Danish Crown (i.e. members of the dynasties of Greece, Norway and the United Kingdom) do not thereby forfeit their royalty in Denmark, nor are they bound to obtain prior permission to travel abroad or to marry from its sovereign, although since 1950 those not descended in male-line from King Christian IX are no longer in the line of succession to the Danish throne. However, those who do reside in Denmark or its territories continue to require the monarch's prior permission to travel abroad and to marry.
Article 25 of the "Kongelov" stipulates, with respect to members of the Royal dynasty: "They should answer to no Magistrate Judges, but their first and last Judge shall be the King, or to whomsoever He decrees."
Although all other articles of the "Kongelov" have been repealed by amendments to the Constitution in 1849, 1853 and 1953, these two articles have thus far been left intact.
Residences.
The royal palaces of Denmark became property of the state with the introduction of the constitutional monarchy in 1849. Since then, a varying number of these has been put at the disposal of the monarchy. The agreement on which is renewed at the accession of every new monarch.
The monarch has the use of the four palaces at Amalienborg in Copenhagen as a residence and work palace. Currently, the Queen herself resides in "Christian IX's Palace" and the Crown Prince in "Frederik VIII's Palace". "Christian VIII's Palace" has apartments for other members of the royal family, whereas "Christian VII's Palace" is used for official events and to accommodate guests. The state rooms of Christian VIII's Palace and Christian VII's Palace may be visited by the public on guided tours.
Another residence is Fredensborg Palace north of Copenhagen which is used principally in Spring and Autumn. It is often the site of state visits and ceremonial events in the royal family.
In Jutland, Graasten Palace is at the disposal of the monarch. It was used as the summer residence of King Frederick IX and Queen Ingrid. Since the death of Queen Ingrid in 2000, the Queen has stayed at Graasten for a yearly vacation in summer.
The hunting lodge the Eremitage Palace in Dyrehaven north of Copenhagen is used during royal hunts in Dyrehaven.
Finally, Sorgenfri Palace is at the disposal of the monarch. It was the residence of Hereditary Prince Knud and Hereditary Princess Caroline Mathilde and is not in official use at all at this time.
Apart from these state-owned palaces, Marselisborg Palace in Aarhus is privately owned by the Queen. It functions as the summer residence of the Queen, as well as during the Easter and Christmas holidays.
Royal Family.
In the Kingdom of Denmark all members of the ruling dynasty that hold the title Prince or Princess of Denmark are said to be members of the Danish Royal Family. As with other European monarchies, distinguishing who is a member of the national Royal Family is difficult due to lack of strict legal or formal definition of who is or is not a member. The Queen and her siblings belong to the House of Glücksburg, a branch of the House of Oldenburg. The Queen's children and male-line descendants belong agnatically to the family "de Laborde de Monpezat".
Main members.
The Danish Royal Family includes:
Extended members.
The extended Danish Royal Family which includes people who do not hold the title of "Prince" or "Princess of Denmark" but have close connections to the Queen could be said to include:
Greek Royal Family.
With the exception of Marina, Consort of Prince Michael, and Princesses Alexandra and Olga, all members of the Greek Royal Family are members of the Danish Royal Family and bear the title of Prince or Princess of Greece and Denmark.
Style.
The monarchs of Denmark have a long history of royal and noble titles. Historically Danish monarchs also used the titles 'King of the Wends' and 'King of the Goths'. Upon her accession to the throne in 1972 Queen Margrethe II abandoned all titles except the title 'Queen of Denmark'. The kings and queens of Denmark are addressed as 'Your Majesty', whereas princes and princesses are referred to as "His" or "Her Royal Highness" ("Hans" or "Hendes Kongelige Højhed"), or "His" or "Her Highness" ("Hans" or "Hendes Højhed").

</doc>
<doc id="20714374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714374" title="FA2">
FA2

FA2 or variant, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20714411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714411" title="Paul Crarey">
Paul Crarey

Paul Crarey is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, and coach of the 1990s and 2000s playing at club level played for Barrow, as a , i.e. number 9, and at representative level has coached for Cumbria, and at club level for Barrow, and Whitehaven. He won a Shooting Star award in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20714428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714428" title="Tom Asmussen">
Tom Asmussen

Thomas William Asmussen (September 26, 1878 – August 21, 1963) was a Major League Baseball catcher. Asmussen played for the Boston Doves in . In 2 career games, he had no hits in 5 at-bats. He threw right-handed and it is not known which hand he batted with.
Asmussen was born in Chicago, Illinois and died in Arlington Heights, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20714433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714433" title="Evangelical Christian School (Fort Myers, Florida)">
Evangelical Christian School (Fort Myers, Florida)

Evangelical Christian School(ECS) is a non-denominational college preparatory school in Fort Myers, Florida.
History.
ECS was founded in May 1973 by Douglas D. and Elsie M. Dunn. In 1975 the school was moved to its present site. Over the years, the enrollment has grown to exceed 1,000 students and several new buildings have been added.
Extracurricular activities.
ECS provides many extracurricular activities. Their athletic department consists of football, men's and women's cross country, basketball, soccer, track and field, golf, swimming, baseball, softball,and volleyball. Their fine arts department consists of choirs, bands, drama clubs, and art clubs. Academic groups include the A-team, science club, and student senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20714437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714437" title="Pneumolysin">
Pneumolysin

Pneumolysin is a putative virulence factor of the gram-positive bacteria "Streptococcus pneumoniae".
It is a pore-forming toxin of 53 kDa composed of 471 amino acids. It has a range of biological activities including the ability to lyse and interfere with the function of cells and soluble molecules of the immune system.
Released pneumolysin will aid the bacteria during colonization, by facilitating adherence to the host, during invasion by damaging host cells, and during infection by interfering with the host immune response.
The presence of pneumolysin in sputum, urine, CSF and blood can be indicative of an "S. pneumoniae" infection.

</doc>
<doc id="20714450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714450" title="Sonic Arts Union">
Sonic Arts Union

The Sonic Arts Union was a collective of experimental musicians that was active between 1966 and 1976. The founding members of the group were Robert Ashley, David Behrman, Alvin Lucier and Gordon Mumma, all of whom had worked together in the instrumental performances of the ONCE festivals. They initially toured under the name Sonic Arts Group, until, at Ashley's suggestion, the name was changed to Sonic Arts Union.
Inspired by the success that John Cage and David Tudor had in touring and designing their own equipment, The Union toured Europe and the United States, though each contributor was performing his own work, either by himself or occasionally with help from other members where required. On some tours, the Union expanded to include Mary Ashley, Shigeko Kubota, Mary Lucier and Barbara Lloyd, who contributed their own works. The element uniting these individual works, according to David Behrman, was the desire to create pieces "in which established techniques were thrown away and the nature of sound was dealt with from scratch."

</doc>
<doc id="20714455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714455" title="Kurt Schneider (disambiguation)">
Kurt Schneider (disambiguation)

Kurt Schneider may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20714459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714459" title="Morgenthaler">
Morgenthaler

Morgenthaler is one of the oldest private equity investment firms in the US investing through both venture capital and leverage buyout transactions. Morgenthaler operates two connected private equity businesses:
The firm which was founded by David Morgenthaler in 1968, is based in Cleveland with offices in Menlo Park, California, Boston, and Boulder, Colorado.
History.
David Morgenthaler founded the firm in 1968 after a career as an operating executive. From 1957 until 1968, Morgenthaler was CEO of Foseco, Inc., a manufacturer of specialty chemicals owned by early venture capital firm J.H. Whitney & Co. After selling his venture-backed business to an international company, Morgenthaler decided to pursue venture capital investing on his own.
Morgenthaler shifted from a family partnership and began raising institutional funds in the early 1980s. Since its inception, Morgenthaler has worked with entrepreneurs in approximately 300 companies.
David Morgenthaler.
In addition to his role in building a nationally focused venture capital firm, Morgenthaler also took a leadership role in establishing the legitimacy and potential of the nascent venture capital industry.
He served from 1977 to 1979 as the President and then Chairman of the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA).
During Morgenthaler's tenure at NVCA, he was called to testify before Congress in support of the capital gains tax reduction enacted in 1978. He was also involved in changing the ERISA legislation in 1979, allowing for pension funds to invest in private equity for the first time. "(See also: Early history of private equity: Regulatory and tax changes)
Morgenthaler was awarded the first National Venture Capital Lifetime Achievement Award in 1998 for his role in the emergence of the venture capital industry. Morgenthaler was inducted into the Private Equity Analyst's Venture Capital Hall of Fame.
Earlier in his career, Morgenthaler was a member of the management team of several young growth companies. He received both a BS and a MS degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1941.
Investment funds.
Since the 1980s, when Morgenthaler began raising private equity funds from institutional investors in the early 1980s, the firm has raised over $2.8 billion of investor commitments.
Historically, Morgenthaler funds have made both venture capital and leveraged buyout investments out of the same fund. In November 2008, Morgenthaler Ventures exceeded its fundraising goal and closed its ninth fund (Morgenthaler Venture Partners IX) at slightly more than $400 million. MVP IX is the first Morgenthaler fund to focus solely on venture capital investments. By comparison, Morgenthaler Ventures was allocated approximately $315 million to invest in the previous fund.
Investments.
Over the course of more than 40 years, Morgenthaler has made investments in over 300 companies across its venture capital and buyouts businesses.
Notable past and present portfolio companies include: Siri, Evernote, Lending Club, NexTag, Practice Fusion, Ardian, Excelyx, Phillips and Temro, Avtron, OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Cortina Systems, BlueArc, JasperSoft, Nominum, Peregrine Semiconductor, and Voltage Security.

</doc>
<doc id="20714469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714469" title="Just! (series)">
Just! (series)

Just! is a successful series of short story collections by Australian children's author Andy Griffiths.
Along with Terry Denton, who successfully illustrates these books, the Just! books have been popular amongst all children.
The books include:<br>"Just Tricking!" (1997)<br>"Just Annoying!" (1998)<br>"Just Stupid!" (1999)<br>"Just Crazy!" (2000)<br>"Just Disgusting!" (2002)<br>"Just Shocking!" (2007)<br>"Just Macbeth!" (2009)<br>"Just Doomed!" (2012)
The Canadian animated television series "What's with Andy?", which ran on Teletoon from 2001 to 2007, was loosely based on the aforementioned book series.

</doc>
<doc id="20714490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714490" title="Kokborok tei Hukumu Mission">
Kokborok tei Hukumu Mission

KOKBOROK TEI HUKUMU MISSION have been formed on August 10, 1993 in Agartala, Tripura, India. KOHM is a non-political, non-religious organization whose sole mission is to serve to promote to develop and to preserve the Tripuri literature, culture, tradition and its heritage.
Activities.
A number of Seminar, Workshop, Deputation, Literary Meet and Research works have been organized by KOHM.
National.
The members of the KOKBOROK TEI HUKUMU MISSION has been invited as Informant of the Kokborok for M.A. final year of 2003 in the Department of Linguistics, University of Delhi, New Delhi, India. The Kokborok has been discussed in a length and the Linguists from the University had remarked the Kokborok as one of the rich language in the world. About 19 students from the different countries of India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Yemen, Thailand and Vietnam have attended the classes.
Radio.
Beside of these, the members of the KOKBOROK TEI HUKUMU MISSION has conducting Kokborok programs in All India Radio, Agartala since April 1995.
International.
The KOKBOROK TEI HUKUMU MISSION has also step up in the International arena.
Major publications.
Simultaneously the publication of Kokborok and other books had also been done and about 36 (thirty six) titles been published from its formation.
Kokborok Dictionary.
KOHM is the publisher of the authoritative Dictionary in the Kokborok language, compiled by Binoy Debbarma in two editions. Anglo-Kokborok-Bengali Dictionary (2nd edition with Bengali), 2002

</doc>
<doc id="20714500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714500" title="List of animated shorts available on DVD">
List of animated shorts available on DVD

A listing of theatrical animated shorts available on DVD in boxed sets. These sets are complete or with the intent to be complete in future volumes.

</doc>
<doc id="20714520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714520" title="William H. DeLancey">
William H. DeLancey

The Right Reverend William Heathcote DeLancey (October 8, 1797 – April 5, 1865) was a bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America and the sixth Provost of the University of Pennsylvania. DeLancey was known as a High Churchman, and served as the first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Western New York.
Family and education.
DeLancey was born at Mamaroneck, New York into a celebrated New York family descended from Caleb Heathcote. He was the son of John Peter DeLancey, a Revolutionary War soldier, and his wife, Elizabeth Floyd. His sister married James Fenimore Cooper. DeLancey graduated from Yale College in 1817 and later studied divinity with Bishop John Henry Hobart of New York. He served in several positions in New York before being ordained to the ministry in 1822.
He married Frances Munro, daughter of Peter Munro, in 1820. They had five sons and three daughters. Their eldest son, Edward Floyd DeLancey, was president of the New York Genealogical and Biographical Society.
Ministry.
After his ordination, DeLancey took a position in Philadelphia as general assistant to Bishop William White. He held various clerical offices in Philadelphia and, in 1826, was elected a Trustee of the University of Pennsylvania. Delancey was elected provost of the University in 1828, continuing in that office until 1834. The next three years showed a distinct improvement in the number of students and in other areas.
In 1839 DeLancey was elected first Bishop of the newly created Episcopal Diocese of Western New York. He was the 34th bishop of the ECUSA, and was consecrated by bishops Alexander Viets Griswold, Henry Ustick Onderdonk, and Benjamin Treadwell Onderdonk. DeLancey remained in that position for more than 25 years, residing in the town of Geneva. In 1852, he attended the fifteenth anniversary of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts as one of the two representatives of the American House of Bishops, being the first American Bishop to be recognized officially as one of their own body by the Anglican Bishops.
DeLancey was active in matters of church organization and legislation, and was instrumental in placing Hobart College and several other educational institutions on a firm basis. He was also involved in the establishment of St. Peter's Episcopal Church (Geneva, New York), which was later dedicated as the DeLancey Memorial Church. He received the following honorary degrees: Doctor of Divinity from Yale in 1827, Doctor of Laws from Union College in 1849 and Doctor of Civil Laws from Oxford University, in 1852.
He died in Geneva, New York on April 5, 1865, where his remains were interred in St. Peter's Episcopal Church.
External links.
Documents by and about DeLancey from Project Canterbury

</doc>
<doc id="20714534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714534" title="Thomas Leavitt (settler)">
Thomas Leavitt (settler)

Thomas Leavitt (1616–1696) was an English Puritan who was one of the earliest permanent settlers of the Province of New Hampshire. A farmer, Leavitt apparently followed Rev. John Wheelwright to his settlement of Exeter, New Hampshire. Later Leavitt moved on to Hampton. He was seldom involved in town business, and was described by one writer as "a quiet, useful citizen." He was not remarkable, except insofar as those who crossed the Atlantic to settle an unknown continent, peopled by tribes with which they were unfamiliar and swept by storms startling to Englishmen, were unremarkable.
Life in the new world.
Thomas Leavitt arrived in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1635, Perhaps chafing at the discipline of early Puritan Boston, Leavitt departed in 1639 for Exeter, New Hampshire, where the Rev. John Wheelwright, a Puritan clergyman forced to flee England because of fears of persecution – and later forced to leave Massachusetts because of run-ins with ecclesiastical authorities – had settled and assembled a congregation. Leavitt remained in Exeter only a few years before eventually settling at nearby Hampton, one of the four original New Hampshire townships chartered by the General Court of Massachusetts. 
Thomas Leavitt was a farmer and perhaps a tanner, although one ancient deed called him 'planter.' In 1639, Leavitt was a signer of the Exeter Combination, but soon left Exeter for Hampton, where by 1644 he had married Isabella (Bland) Asten, daughter of John Bland (alias Smith) and Isabella Drake of Colchester, Essex, England – and later of Watertown, Massachusetts, and Martha's Vineyard – and widow of Francis Asten, who had died in the New World a couple of years prior. Leavitt and his new wife lived on the land granted to Asten in Hampton.
Nothing is known of Leavitt's parentage or even place of birth in England, although some historians speculate that Leavitt came from heavily Puritan Lincolnshire. His name appears in various permutations in early records, mostly as Levet, but also as Levit, Levitt and Levett – sometimes all in the same document.
Leavitt served as selectman for Hampton in 1657 and again a decade later, in 1667. In 1664 he served a year's term as constable. His name appeared on the list of several juries, and in 1678 he took the oath of allegiance to Massachusetts. By 1683 he, along with 18 other citizens, signed a petition asking that their poll taxes be cut as the signers were aged, "many about seventy, some above eighty, others near ninety, being past labour and work." By 1691 Leavitt and his wife had delegated their power of attorney to son John to deal with his mother Isabel's share of the Bland family lands on Martha's Vineyard.
Thomas Leavitt died at Hampton, New Hampshire, on November 28, 1696, while still residing on the land granted to his wife's first husband. His widow died three years later, in 1699. The couple had four sons, all of whom lived nearby and who left descendants who still reside in the area today. In his will Leavitt had made provisions for his wife, leaving her land and "two cows, two swine, three sheep, my brass and puter the thirds of all my corne." Leavitt also carefully disposed of his tools, leaving his son Aretas "half the cross cut saw," with son John receiving "the other half the tools mentioned with all carpenter tools and his house and ground." The will makes note of of land, including of swampland, owned by Leavitt which he left to his wife and children.
Thomas Leavitt was buried at Pine Grove Cemetery in Hampton in 1696.

</doc>
<doc id="20714536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714536" title="Vanessa Wagner">
Vanessa Wagner

Vanessa Wagner (born 1973, in Rennes) is a French pianist. 
Biography.
She studied in the class of Dominique Merlet at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique in Paris. At 17, she won the first prize, and went on to study with Jean-François Heisser. On the recommendation of the pianist Leon Fleisher, she took up a place at the Academy at Cadenabbia, in Italy, where her teachers included Fleisher himself, Fou Ts'ong, Karl Ulrich Schnabel, Murray Perahia and Alexis Weissenberg. She was awarded the "Victoire de la Musique" (the French equivalent of the Grammy award) as the most promising instrumental soloist in 1999.
Discography.
On Lyrinx Records
On Naïve Records
On Ambroisie Records
On Aparté Records

</doc>
<doc id="20714589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714589" title="Blagnac FC">
Blagnac FC

Blagnac Football Club is a French association football club founded in 1963. They are based in Blagnac, Toulouse and are currently playing in the Championnat de France Amateurs 2 Group F, the fifth tier in the French football league system. They play at the Stade Municipal des Ramiers.
History.
Blagnac Football Club was founded relatively late in 1962 after a Frenchman by the name of Louis Héraud discovered that the town of Blagnac had no football club.Héraud, along with his supporters, proceeded to go door-to-door collecting up to 20 euros from local Blagnac townspeople in order to began the process of creating the club. However, it wasn't until a man commonly called Mr. Béranger, a manager of a restaurant in the local airport agreed to fund the club. The club was officially formed on March 4, 1962 as "Football Club Blagnacais". Béranger was given the role of president, while Héraud was given dual-roles as vice president and secretary general. The club's first manager was André Augé. In the club's early years of existence, they primarily played with players from the local and regional level of French football, as well as players well past their prime that came from Toulouse FC.
Current squad.
"As of Sun 25th Jan 2013 "

</doc>
<doc id="20714592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714592" title="David Maddock">
David Maddock

David Rokeby Maddock was Bishop of Dunwich from 1967 to 1976. 
He was born on 30 May 1915 and educated at Clifton and St Catherine's College, Oxford. 
After ordination he was a curate at Chard and then Vicar of Wilton before 14 years as Rector of Wareham and finally, before his ordination to the episcopate, the Archdeacon of Sherborne (1961–1967) and, from 1966, also Rector of West Stafford in Dorset. He was then appointed Provost of St Edmundsbury (1976–1981).
He died on 14 August 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20714594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714594" title="S.E. Rykoff">
S.E. Rykoff

S.E. Rykoff & Co., also known as SERCO, was a broad line national wholesale grocer that serviced the restaurant, hotel and institutional trade from regional warehouses, sale forces and truck fleets located primarily on the west coast of the United States. S.E. Rykoff & Co. eventually became US Foodservice in 1997 by merging with JP Foodservice. The company traces its roots to a small family grocery store opened by Harry & Ida Rykoff in Los Angeles, California in 1911.
Early History and Establishment of S.E. Rykoff & Co..
The Harry & Ida Rykoff Family moved from Sioux City, Iowa to Los Angeles in 1910. The family opened a small grocery store near Union Station in downtown Los Angeles. They had nine children. In 1919, their son Saul returned from military service in World War I and rejoined his parents’ grocery store. Saul realized that selling food by the wagon load to large users was better business than selling to individuals. Saul proposed that the family focus on wholesaling. The company, S.E. Rykoff & Co. is named after Saul with the slogan, “Home of the Gallon Goods” which referred to the foodservice industry #10 can size. Saul focused on distributing to restaurants and other institutional customers of canned goods and dry groceries in and around Los Angeles. S.E. Rykoff & Co. was incorporated in 1950. Saul E. Rykoff died April 26, 1967 and was survived by his wife Saragrace and three children Thomas, Stephen and Ruth Coleman. 
S.E. Rykoff & Co. Expansion.
On June 15, 1967, Saul's son in law Roger Coleman was elected president and chief executive officer of S.E. Rykoff & Co. Coleman had been a board member of the company since 1960. In 1969, Rykoff was generating about $900k in profits on sales of $54 million. Coleman believed that expanding Rykoff's distribution network, sales force and product offerings were the best way to increase value of the company. Rather than relying solely on internal expansion, Coleman initiated the strategy of acquiring small regional wholesale distributors in markets that Rykoff wanted to enter. Roger Coleman viewed it far easier to buy an establish wholesale grocery company in a new territory rather than build a sale force and distribution network from scratch. In 1969, Rykoff purchased S&W Fine Foods of San Francisco (later acquired by Del Monte Foods). S&W had a strong distribution network in Northern California.
To fund the acquisition and internal growth strategy and to satisfy the Rykoff family members looking for liquidity, S.E. Rykoff & Co. became a public company. In October 1972, S.E. Rykoff & Co. issued 400,000 shares at $25 par value in the over the counter market (NASDAQ). S.E. Rykoff & Co. was generating $1.9 million in profits with revenue of $75.9 million. 200,000 shares were used to repay short-term debt and to augment working capital. The remaining 200,000 shares were sold by family members.
With the new access to capital and less of the Rykoff Family involvement, S.E. Rykoff & Co. purchased Louis Enders a Brooklyn, New York based food product supplier that distributed in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. In the Enders deal structure, S.E. Rykoff & Co. exchanged 130,000 share of company stock for ownership of Louis Enders business and operating assets. Louis Enders management was kept in place and S.E. Rykoff & Co. products were added. In March 1973, S.E. Rykoff & Co. purchased the assets of Schuss Wholesale Grocery Company of Portland, Oregon. In addition, S.E. Rykoff &Co. purchased the southern California and Arizona coffee distribution business of General Foods for an undisclosed amount. In 1974, S.E. Rykoff & Co. purchased Reliable Glassware & Equipment Co. of Los Angeles ($1.5 million in sales) for an undisclosed amount of cash. That same year, S.E. Rykoff & Co. purchased C.L. Chaban Co. ($2 million in sales) a San Francisco distributor of restaurant supplies and equipment.
Even though S.E. Rykoff & Co. was busy integrating these acquired companies into SERCO, Roger Coleman was focused on internal growth by expanding product lines and increasing the commission based Rykoff sales force. Between 1972 and 1974, S.E. Rykoff & Co. expanded the sales force from 250 to 300 salesmen. In 1974, S.E. Rykoff & Co. obtained the bulk of its sales (78%) from food items. It did not distribute meat, produce or dairy. Rykoff produced a very limited amount of its own products chiefly pancake syrups, barbecue sauces and mayonnaise at its downtown Los Angeles warehouse. The majority of its food products were canned and dried goods packed by other food companies. Rykoff distributed a very limited amount of frozen foods. About 14% of Rykoff's sales came from paper goods and chemicals. The remainder was from glassware and restaurant equipment.
By 1975, S.E. Rykoff & Co. was generating $163 million in sales with $5.1 million in profits, had 1,220 employees with 930 in California. Rykoff distributed in California, Alaska, Hawaii, Nevada, Oregon and through the Louis Ender division on the east coast. Under Roger W. Coleman, CEO leadership, S.E. Rykoff & Co. had tripled its revenue and increased profits by 500% in less than 10 years.
In April 1976, S.E. Rykoff & Co. announced plans to build a new distribution center in the Bay Area of San Francisco with delivery in October 1977. The new distribution center replaced the center that was acquired with the purchase of C.L. Chaban Co. in 1973. The new distribution center would provide much better service to Rykoff’s customers in the Bay Area, northern and central California.
In September 1977, S.E. Rykoff & Co. purchased the business and assets of Food Service and Design Corp. of Boston for an undisclosed sum. Roger W. Coleman’s vision was to expand Rykoff’s foodservice equipment sales on the east coast by providing kitchen and restaurant design. Foodservice equipment such as dish washers, ranges, ovens, mixers etc. have much higher margins than wholesale groceries. In addition, Rykoff’s equipment customers tended to purchase their groceries for Rykoff.
In 1979, S.E. Rykoff & Co. decided to close the metropolitan New York Division. Rykoff originally expanded into the New York market by purchasing the Louis Ender food company. The distance between Los Angeles and New York proved too much from a management stand point. The division had lost money between 1976 and 1978. A strike in early 1979 by the Teamsters would result in continued losses, the result was S.E. Rykoff & Co. decided to close the operations.
By 1981, the entire US foodservice industry was $51 billion and the largest foodservice distributor only had 3% of the market. S.E. Rykoff & Co. was the largest foodservice distributor on the west coast. The company was generating $315 million in sales and had over 500 salesmen working on 40% commission. 65% of Rykoff’s sales were from house brands and 35% from nonfood items like glassware, cooking equipment and restaurant supplies. At this time, Roger W. Coleman, CEO was on recorded saying that he believed that the wholesale food industry would not consolidate and no company would dominate nationally, largely because of great regional differences.
Rykoff-Sexton Pursues Acquisitions.
In 1996, under the leadership of Mark Van Stekelenburg, Rykoff-Sexton Inc. bought Continental Foods of Baltimore, MD, H&O Foods of Las Vegas, NV, and US Foodservice of Wilkes-Barre, PA . Rykoff-Sexton Inc. was now operating a national foodservice distribution division (d.b.a. "US Foodservice" with the businesses and assets of Sexton Foods, S.E. Rykoff & Co. and US Foodservice), a private label manufacturing division (Sexton Foods ), a foodservice contract and design division (Finegolds), and a foodservice equipment and supply division (S.E. Rykoff & Co.).
In 1997, Rykoff-Sexton (RYK) was generating $3.2 billion in annual sales and was in the process of re-branding all products to the US Foodservice brand by dropping the Rykoff-Sexton, S.E. Rykoff & Co. and John Sexton & Co. brands. It was determined that a standardized and easily recognizable brand would reflect a nationwide presence and distribution capabilities to better compete in the rapidly consolidating foodservice market. Ryoff-Sexton realized that it had to grow revenue and distribution presence or be squeezed out by Sysco the largest foodservice distributor in the United States with $14.45 billion in sales for fiscal 1997. During this time, the company headquarters were moved to Wilkes-Barre, PA from Lisle, IL.
Rykoff-Sexton Merges with JP Foodservice.
In July 1997, JP Foodservice ($1.7 billion in revenue) and Rykoff-Sexton ($3.2 billion in revenue) reached an agreement to merge in order to create a larger single brand to better compete in a rapidly consolidating industry. JP Foodservice (JPF) exchanged $680 million in company JPF stock for all outstanding Rykoff-Sexton shares and the assumption of $700 million in Rykoff-Sexton debt (total deal value of $1.38 billion) . All individual brands were dropped in favor of the US Foodservice brand. The merger created a larger national foodservice company with $5 billion annual sales (1997).
US Foodservice Purchased by Ahold.
In 2000, US Foodservice was bought by Ahold for $3.6 billion in cash.
Ahold Sells US Foodservice to KKR.
In 2007, Ahold sells all US Foodservice assets to private equity firm KKR.
KKR operates US Foodservice as one its profolio companies with the most likely eventual plan to "cash out" US Foodservice by issuing shares on the New York Stock Exchange and paying off the acquisition debt.

</doc>
<doc id="20714606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714606" title="1960 World Figure Skating Championships">
1960 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion.
The 1960 competitions for men, ladies, pairs and ice dancing took place March 1 to March 5, 1960 in Vancouver, Canada. 
It was the first time that the participants per country in each category was limited to three. This rule is kept since.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were
Ice Dancing.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="20714667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714667" title="Gerald Kean">
Gerald Kean

Gerald Kean (born in Cork in 1957) is an Irish celebrity solicitor from County Cork. He is regularly the subject of social columns, particularly in the Sunday newspapers which have reported his lavish spending sprees and sun holidays involving his wife and other people, with "The Irish Times" once describing him as having a "celestial odour". He has appeared in numerous television shows including "Prime Time", "Tubridy Tonight", "The Afternoon Show", "The Podge and Rodge Show", "The Restaurant" and "The Panel" and on radio shows such as "The Marian Finucane Show".
Kean competed in the first season of "Celebrity Bainisteoir", finishing second to Marty Whelan. He later wrote a book about his experience. The book features several photos of Kean, with the English association footballer Alan Shearer being employed to write the foreword.
Early life.
Kean grew up in Cork following his birth there in 1957. His father was a member of Ireland's police force (Garda Síochána), his now-dead uncle Liam Hamilton was a former chief justice and two other uncles were also members of the legal profession. At twelve years of age Kean moved to County Wicklow. His parents began a bed and breakfast to pay his college fees to attend University College Dublin (UCD). At UCD Kean encountered his wife, Clodagh. He began his first job with the late solicitor Michael Martin on Dublin's Capel Street, earning a starting salary of IR£7,000 per annum, but had left to set up his own practice by the late 1980s. Through his cousin, the late English musician Wally Nightingale, and through acquaintances made in the course of speaking at lunches in England and the United States, he met a number of musicians and informed them of Ireland's tax exemptions for artists. Kean credits this with boosting his fledgling career.
Career.
Kean set up his solicitor's practice, Kean and Co., over fifteen years ago. He has represented a number of people in the entertainment industry, legally acting of behalf of musicians Jim Kerr, Simon Le Bon, Ronan Keating, George Michael, Jerry Lee Lewis and Johnny Cash. His company specialises in sporting law and represents over forty Premier League footballers. Kean appeared on the twenty-fourth episode of the third season of "The Podge and Rodge Show", alongside the ballerina Monica Loughman on 11 February 2007. He appeared on the first episode of the previous to now series of "The Restaurant", earning four stars. He & his partner, Lisa Murphy, also appearead on Podge n Rodge together.
Kean claims to have received an Honorary Doctorate Degree from the American University in Florida, and styles himself "Dr. Gerald Kean BCL". 
In "Celebrity Bainisteoir", Kean managed Mayfield GAA. In the first quarter-final in episode two he defeated model Glenda Gilson's Crumlin GAA in front of a home crowd of 4,000, having notably used his legal connections to convince Shay Given and Gordon Strachan to assist in his preparations. In the first semi-final in episode six, he defeated Aoibhinn Ní Shúilleabháin's Kiltimagh GAA, after All Star Cork player Niall Cahalane took a training session with the team and another training session took place at Páirc Uí Rinn with Cork players James Masters and Donncha O'Connor and a special yoga class was given to the team. In the final in the eighth and final episode, Kean was defeated by Marty Whelan's Maryland GAA. The two were later reunited when Kean appeared on "The Panel" on 20 November 2008 as a guest on the episode Whelan hosted.
He has also been noted for attending social functions such as the launch of "Franc Wedding Secrets", a magazine, at the Westbury Hotel on 19 August 2009.
Personal life.
Kean has recently spoken of his concerns over his health. Since 2009 he has lost a considerable amount of weight and has taken up a strict exercise regime. He was recently quoted in the Evening Herald as saying, "when I reached fifty, I realised that I had to do something about my steady weight gain. I had been putting on a couple of pounds a year and I was in danger of becoming seriously overweight. I have altered by dieting radically, taken up exercise and I have lost three stone quite easily".

</doc>
<doc id="20714678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714678" title="Isles &amp; Glaciers">
Isles &amp; Glaciers

Isles & Glaciers was an American supergroup formed in 2008. The band consisted of members from Chiodos, Emarosa, Pierce the Veil, Cinematic Sunrise, The Receiving End of Sirens, Underminded, and former members of The Sound of Animals Fighting and Boys Night Out. They recorded material for their debut EP, "The Hearts of Lonely People" from December 3 through the 13th of 2008 in Seattle, Washington and again in April 2009. It was produced by Casey Bates, who previously produced Chiodos' second album, "Bone Palace Ballet", and was released on March 9, 2010. Vocalist Craig Owens stated that the group will not be collaborating or releasing new material again. However, in an interview with Pierce the Veil and Isles & Glaciers member Vic Fuentes, the band may be releasing more material in the future. Fuentes stated "It’s just like so hard to get everyone in one place at the same time, you know? But it’s definitely not something we’re ruling out completely. We want to do it, it’s just a matter of trying to make it happen. If it can actually happen."
History.
Isles & Glaciers was first rumored to exist after Craig Owens, lead vocalist of D.R.U.G.S. and Chiodos , and Jonny Craig, Formerly of Dance Gavin Dance and of Emarosa, performed a show in Lexington, Kentucky on August 30, 2008. Craig Owens confirmed these rumors through his personal website on September 4, 2008, saying, "I was just talking to my brother and friend Jonny Craig. Him and I plan on hitting the studio in early December together to rock out a fun EP for everyone, also including our friends Vic Fuentes, and Nick Martin + more ?." 
On December 15, 2008, Alternative Press announced the project officially and released the band's final lineup.
On January 18, 2009, both Craig Owens and Brian Southall premiered 3 rough demos for the upcoming EP, and took part in an interview with 89X Radio in Windsor, Canada. The songs were titled 'Clush', 'Hills Like White Elephants', and 'Empty Sighs and Wine'. The songs from the radio broadcast made it on YouTube.
Isles & Glaciers played their first and only scheduled live show on March 21, 2009, which was presented by Alternative Press at Emo's Bar in Austin, Texas for a free show during SXSW.
In an interview done by DJ Rossstar on Stickam, Craig Owens stated that members in the band want to perform future shows in random locations, such as Alaska.
On July 17, 2009, the band posted on Twitter that the EP was now complete.
On February 10, 2010 it was announced that their debut EP, titled "The Hearts of Lonely People" will be released on March 9, 2010.
"Equal Vision Records is pleased to announce the highly anticipated release of Isles & Glaciers' EP, The Hearts Of Lonely People, on March 9th. Something of an underground "supergroup," Isles & Glaciers features Craig Owens, Vic and Mike Fuentes (Pierce the Veil), Jonny Craig (Emarosa), Matt Goddard (Chiodos), Brian Southall (The Receiving End Of Sirens, Boys Night Out), and Nick Martin (Underminded). The Hearts of Lonely People was recorded in just 10 days with Casey Bates (Chiodos, The Fall of Troy, Portugal. The Man) at his studio in Seattle, Washington.
While each member is expectedly busy with their respective bands, Martin asserts that these songs weren't merely throwaways from their other projects. "We got together as friends and just did what was natural to us - we wrote and played music. Eventually it turned into songs that we were all really excited about and just wanted to share."
To date, the group has only performed live once: the 2009 Alternative Press SXSW showcase. "It's not an easy task getting us all together," says Southall, who fills his time tour managing Motion City Soundtrack since his previous bands' splits, "but that doesn't mean we won't do it again."
The Hearts Of Lonely People will be sold exclusively at Hot Topic stores and through all online retailers (iTunes, Rhapsody, MerchNow, ShockHound, etc)."
On March 3, 2010, the band's EP, "The Hearts of Lonely People", leaked on the internet.
In late 2010, vocalist Craig Owens has confirmed on a Facebook comment to a fan that Isles & Glaciers was only a one time thing side project, and that they will not be releasing any more material or collaborating in any other way.
In an interview in early 2011, Pierce the Veil member Vic Fuentes announced that they were not quite done with Isles & Glaciers for good.
“It’s kind of weird because I always talk to other members, and they’re like “come on, we should do something, you know” and like we’re thinking about it. It’s just like so hard to get everyone in one place at the same time, you know? But it’s definitely not something we’re ruling out completely. We want to do it, it’s just a matter of trying to make it happen. If it can actually happen.”
On February 21, 2011, Craig Owens wrote on Brian Southall and Nick Martin's Twitter accounts "...and people wonder why we won't do another I & G record." Nick Martin answered saying "quote of the day right there. Dude, no tolerance for that junk.", and Southall stated that "if this happened to you, file a report, this is unacceptable" which is believed to be in reference to Jonny Craig's Macbook scam.
During an interview with rockforevernagazine, Jonny Craig was asked about Isles And Glaciers. He stated that he would "love to do another" but it can be inferred that him, Vic and Craig are not speaking after he said "everyone that supported me left". 
Jonny Craig also said in his AP Podcast that he was no longer Craig Owens friend, due to his affiliation with narcotics. 

</doc>
<doc id="20714713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714713" title="Erwin Lauper">
Erwin Lauper

Erwin Lauper (born 14 June 1946 in Bern) is a Swiss wheelchair curler. He represents Bern CC, and began wheelchair curling in 1981. 
He has competed at all World Championships since his first in 2005, and was also part of the Swiss team which finished sixth at the 2006 Paralympics. 
Nationally, he won gold at the Swiss Championships in 2005, bronze in 2006, and gold in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20714726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714726" title="Harkness Ballet">
Harkness Ballet

The Harkness Ballet (1964-1975) was a New York ballet company named after its founder Rebekah Harkness. Ms Harkness inherited her husband's fortune in Standard Oil holdings and was a dance lover. Ms Harkness funded Joffrey Ballet, but when they refused to rename the company in her honour, she withdrew funding and hired most of the Joffery dandcers for her new company. Joffery Ballet later moved to Chicago, and continues to function. Harkness Balled, established in 1964, gave its debut performance in Cannes in 1965, with George Skibine as director, Marjorie Tallchief as ballerina and a repertory featuring work by Alvin Ailey, Skibine, Eric Bruhn, Brian Macdonald and Stuart Hodes, the company mostly toured abroad, in the major theaters of Europe, to great acclaim, giving its dancers and choreographers a cosmopolitan experience unknown to most of their American colleagues. Its New York debut was in 1967 and Macdonald was also appointed director, succeeded by Lawrence Rhodes (1968) and joined by Benjamin Harkarvy in 1969. The ballet teacher David Howard was recruited in 1966. In 1970, Harkness combined it with the Harkness Youth Ballet (founded 1969), directed by Ben Stevenson, succeeded by Vicente Nebrada. In 1972, she purchased an historic theatre (Colonial Theatre, built in 1905) across from Lincoln Center and renamed it The Harkness Theater. The theatre was completely remodeled with state-of-the-art dance stage flooring and Spanish artist Enrique Senis-Oliver painted ceiling murals, opening with a season by the company in 1974. The company disbanded within the next year. The vitality of the dancers was widely admired and many of the ballets were very erotic, including the homoerotic "Sebastian" (1963) to music of Gian-Carlo Menotti, "Monument for a Dead Boy" (1966) by Rudi Van Dantzig (b. 1933) and "Gemini" (1972) by Vincente Nebrada (b. 1930). 
The Harkness House for Ballet Arts, housed in a four story mansion on Manhattan's Upper East Side, served as the company's headquarters and official school, which continued for many years after the company closed and became the home to the American Dance Machine. Notable Harkness Ballet Trainee scholarship dancers attending the school included Lawrence Leritz and Patrick Swayze.
The Harkness Ballet was managed by Jeannot B. Cerrone from 1964 to 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20714759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714759" title="1985–86 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1985–86 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1985–86 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 59th season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Three, then the third tier of English football, finishing twenty-second, suffering relegation to Division Four.
At the end of the season manager Alan Durban was sacked as manager. It ended a disastorus spell in charge as the team suffered two relegations in two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20714802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714802" title="Paul McGowan (artist)">
Paul McGowan (artist)

Paul McGowan (born 1967 in Margate) is an artist and fashion designer, currently appointed as artist in residence at the Eden Project. He is a former student of the Falmouth School of Art, and had his first exhibition in St Ives while still a student.
Biography.
McGowan established himself as a fashion designer at a young age, becoming the youngest designer to have ever sold a collection to fashion house Browns at the age of 20, and went on to work for a variety of well-known fashion industry names including Gianni Versace.
He won the Tate magazine award while still a student.
A meeting with Tim Smit at a charity auction led to McGowan becoming artist-in-residence at the Eden Project in Cornwall and the appearance of his paintings in the "Mediterranean Biome" under the title ""Living on the Edge"".
A tryptich from Paul McGowan, working with illustrators Mark Lascelles Thornton and Michael Cole, and artist Chris Stocker was donated to the SpectrumArt 2009 Auction. The auction is to raise funds for the Cornish charity working with those affected by autistic spectrum disorders. The piece was inspired by a genuine Dartmoor Prison door which had been graffitied by prisoners and which McGowan had at his studio.
In June 2010 Police in riot gear were sent to raid central London gallery Mauger Modern Art after a fake bomb in the window which was part of Paul McGowan’s exhibition ‘Precipice’ had caused reports of a "suspicious” device.
During 2010 Paul McGowan opened three progressive bodies of work that follow on from the Eden Projects "Living on The Edge" Program. Each of the 3 shows have its own identity. These new works were produced on McGowan's Ark Studio that was given to him by Spectrum, a Cornish autism charity that is heading a pioneering study in the relationship between autism and art. A program that McGowan is participating in and helping Spectrum to develop. In each of the shows a selection of work from McGowan's experimental ‘Blockhead Project' will be exhibited. These works will include an audio piece made for the project by American guitar Legend Gary Lucas who has previously worked with Jeff Buckley and Captain Beefheart.
Artwork.
""The Divinity Of Monsters"".
Triptych is an experimental artwork that took two years to complete. The work went through many stages and mediums and was produced for the Blockhead Project. The artists involved were Paul McGowan creative director, Chris Stocker, Mark Lascelles Thornton and Michael Cole. McGowan gave each artist an individual brief. Each artist interpreted the brief in their own way not knowing the others brief. Then the work was placed through various treatments by Chris Stocker and composed by Paul McGowan.
""Make Up"".
This work is from McGowan's body of work that was produced for the Eden Projects "Living on the Edge Project". With this piece McGowan confronted how animals are used in the development of cosmetics for our superficial longing for a priceless vanity.
""Friday Night Saturday Morning"".
This piece was created by filming McGowan drinking and smoking at the table. Examining the process involved in making art and questioning the social relevance and existence of art today. The next day the table was presented as the completed work. The T.V on the table shows a film that was shot during the making session. The piece was filmed in December 1996 and McGowan has refused to exhibit the final work due to one of the original cigarettes being removed from the piece the next day. Stating "The piece has been corrupted.The integrity of the work has to be maintained for it to operate with any real meaning".
""Worship Me"".
This piece is from McGowan's new works examining the glorification of lifestyles and its effect and implications on our established belief systems.
'"BlockHead - SexyBomb"".
Paul McGowan is part of BlockHead, a collaboration of artists including Gary Lucas, Hin, Mark Lascelles, Chris Stocker and Samuel Webster. 

</doc>
<doc id="20714810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714810" title="Robert Fowler (diplomat)">
Robert Fowler (diplomat)

Robert R. Fowler (born 18 August 1944) is a Canadian diplomat and the special envoy of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to Niger since mid-2008, to find solution to the conflict in Agadez region.
On 14 December 2008 he was reported missing and was last seen about northwest of the capital Niamey. Fowler, along with several Westerners, was eventually freed on 21 April 2009.
Fowler has had a long history of public service in Canada, some of it contentious. As a Deputy Minister of National Defence (the senior civil servant), his tenure was marked by allegations of corruption, for which he earned the nickname "Teflon Bob".
Career.
Born in Ottawa, Fowler initially attended McGill University where he was a member of The Kappa Alpha Society, then earned a B.A. from Queen's University in 1968. In 1969, he began his diplomatic career as a Foreign Service Officer in the Department of External Affairs. Throughout the 1970s he held various postings in Ottawa, Paris, and at UN Headquarters in New York.
During his thirty-eight year career in public service, Fowler was the Foreign Policy Advisor to Prime Ministers Trudeau, Turner and Mulroney; Deputy Minister of National Defence; Canada's longest serving Ambassador to the United Nations. While at the UN, he represented Canada on the Security Council in 1999 and 2000 and issued two ground-breaking reports on sanctions-busting in Angola, which cut off UNITA's access to the arms bazaar and led to the end of the civil war which had ravaged Angola for 25 years. He was also Ambassador to Italy and the three Rome-based UN food agencies; Sherpa for the Kananaskis G8 Summit (for which he chaired the creation of the Africa Action Plan); and the personal representative for Africa of Prime Ministers Chrétien, Martin and Harper. Robert Fowler retired from the federal public service in the fall of 2006, and is now a Senior Fellow at the University of Ottawa's Graduate School of Public and International Affairs and sits on the Advisory Council of Canadian Defence and Foreign Affairs Institute. Ambassador Fowler is also a member of the Research Steering Committee for the Will to Intervene (W2I) Project. [http://migs.concordia.ca/MembersoftheRSC.htm]
During his tenure as Canada's Deputy Minister of National Defence, substantial evidence made available via Access to Information requests revealed that greed and corruption flourished in the Canadian military's highest echelons as part of his stewardship.
In 2000, he was responsible for producing the "Fowler Report", which led ultimately to the establishment of the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme.
In a March 2010 meeting of the Liberal Party, Fowler was a guest speaker who took the opportunity to condemn the Liberals, saying, "I believe the Liberal party has, to a significant extent, lost its way, at least in policy terms, and of course I mean, in particular, my area of foreign policy terms, and is in danger of losing its soul...To this observer, it seems that Liberals today don't stand for much in the way of principles...I have the impression that they will endorse anything and everything which might return them to power and nothing which won't, whatever the merits of either. It's all about getting to power, and it shows...I believe Liberals seem prepared to embrace an infinite array of special interests in order to shill for votes rather than forging a broad-based principled alliance founded in deep Liberal traditions, one with a distinct social contract and an independent Canadian character, which would protect, project and defend core Liberal values at home and abroad..." and on the Conservatives, he said, "In a short period of time we've established unique credentials in Africa", Fowler said. "I fear, however, that we are in the process of squandering a hard-won and important asset.". Fowler did briefly praise the Harper government, "I owe a debt to Mr. Harper and I am all too aware that such criticism is a rather churlish way of repaying it...(however) after four consecutive Conservative budgets, it is clear that the current government has failed to live up to its 2006 election promise to move Canadian aid performance toward the OECD (Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development) average donor spending levels." Fowler stated that both major parties have been enticed by the allure of political gains within the Jewish community. He said it is a strategy that leads to an unproductive support for Israel and undermines Canada's reputation as a trusted mediator in the Middle East. "The scramble to lock up the Jewish vote in Canada meant selling out our widely admired and long-established reputation for fairness and justice", Fowler said.
During an acceptance speech for an honorary doctorate, on 31 October 2010, from the University of Ottawa, Fowler called out young Canadians for being apathetic and stating that they lose their "bitching rights" and "Your age group's involvement in the political process, at all levels of government, stretches any reasonable definition of apathy.".
Disappearance.
On 21 July 2008, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Ban Ki-moon, appointed Fowler to be his Special Envoy to Niger, with the rank of Under-Secretary-General in the Secretariat of the UN.
While acquitting his UN mission, Mr. Fowler and his colleague, Louis Guay, were captured by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) on 14 December 2008, and held hostage in the Sahara Desert for 130 days.
Fowler was reported missing along with another Canadian diplomat, Louis Guay, deputy director of the Sudan task force in Ottawa, and their Niger-based driver, Soumana Moukaila, after their car was found on the evening of 14 December 2008 about northwest of Niamey, after visiting the Canadian-owned Samira Hill Gold Mine. On 16 December, the Front des Forces de Redressement (FFR) claimed on its website that its members kidnapped Fowler and three others, saying that they targeted diplomats who support the Niger government led by President Mamadou Tandja. However, Seydou Maiga Kaocen, speaking for the organization, stated that the "FFR formally denies any involvement in the abduction of Mr. Robert Fowler, UN envoy to Niger. ... We hope that Mr Fowler and his delegation will be released as soon as possible", he followed.
In February 2009, Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb claimed responsibility Fowler's kidnapping.
In 2003, 32 Europeans were taken hostage in the Sahara in a series of abductions run by El Para, an agent of the Algerian intelligence service, the DRS. In February 2008 two Austrians were captured in Tunisia and taken via Algeria to Mali and freed later that year. All these kidnappings were attributed to Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb previously known as the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC).
Release.
Moukaila was released in March 2009. Fowler, Guay, and two of the four European tourists kidnapped a month later were released on 21 April 2009, following extensive negotiations. German tourist Marianne Petzold and Swiss Gabriella Greitner were released but Greitner's husband and a Briton were held back. Fowler and Guay arrived in Mali's capital Bamako the 22nd to meet Mali's President Amadou Toumani Toure before returning to Canada. Mali, Canada, Germany and Switzerland gave no details on the conditions of the negotiated release. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper stated that no ransom had been paid, and thanked the governments of Mali and Burkina Faso negotiating the release. One of the two remaining, British tourist Edwin Dyer, was killed by his captors in June 2009. The other tourist, Werner Greiner was released a month later.
The governments of Niger and Mali both involved in a two-year-long insurgency in the desert north, as well as Tuareg rebel groups, came under unusual international pressure over the taking of these seven hostages under mysterious circumstances, even prior to the acknowledged involvement of the AQIM. The original two abduction incidents (two Canadian diplomats, their driver, and four European tourists seized weeks later) were blamed by Niger on rebels, and by the MNJ on the Niger government. Western news sources quoted a variety of observers who believed the hostages were taken by Tuareg smugglers, perhaps associated with rebel groups, who then sold them to the AQIM. In May 2009 Malian President Amadou Toumani Toure agreed, after talks between Mali's defense minister and Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, to a military cooperative agreement to secure the Saharan borders where Tuareg rebels, AQIM militants, as well as smugglers and criminal gangs, operated. Discussions with the governments of Niger and Mauritania were proposed. Under the agreement, states would receive arms from Algeria and engage in joint operations against AQIM and other threats.
Who could it be?
The day after his arrival in Niamey in December 2008, Fowler met with Interior Minister Albadé Abouba. In September 2009 Fowler stated that somebody who knew his itinerary "shopped" him to the militants:
"Who could it be? It could be the government of Niger. Could have been an al-Qaeda sympathiser in the UN office in Niger. In the UN office in West Africa. In the secretariat building in New York."
"It was clear from the first time I met him in August that he Tandja was offended, annoyed and embarrassed by the fact that the secretary general of the UN Ki-moon had seen fit to appoint a special envoy for his country."
On war in Afghanistan.
Fowler reviewed the book "The Unexpected War: Canada in Kandahar" by Janice Gross Stein and Eugene Lang in "Literary Review of Canada" (January/February 2008 issue). [http://reviewcanada.ca/reviews/2008/01/01/alice-in-afghanistan/].
Honours.
In 2011, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada "for his contributions as a public servant, diplomat and representative of Canada".
Publication.
In November 2011, Fowler published his biographical account of his kidnapping ordeal in "A Season in Hell: My 130 Days in the Sahara with al Qaeda", which was recognized as one of four 2013 Award Finalists of British Columbia's National Award for Canadian Non-Fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20714821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714821" title="2008–09 Iranian Basketball Super League">
2008–09 Iranian Basketball Super League

The following is the final results of the Iran Super League 2008/09 basketball season, Persian Gulf Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20714834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714834" title="Merchants Distributors, Inc.">
Merchants Distributors, Inc.

Alex Lee, Inc. is a wholesale distributor of food and non-food items to grocery stores, headquartered in Hickory, North Carolina, United States. Its Merchants Distributors, Inc. division supplies more than 600 stores located in nine states, mostly in the Southeast.
History.
Around 1920, A.C. Kelly took over Merchants Produce Company of Hickory, a wholesale fruit and produce company. In 1931, Moses George, a Shelby, North Carolina grocer, bought Merchants Produce for $17,000 and began running it with his sons Alex and G.L. George. Merchants Produce took advantage of the trend away from "mom-and-pop" grocery stores, as chain stores became common. In 1938 the name changed to Merchants Produce and Grocery as the company became an important distributor of merchandise to the independent stores in North and South Carolina. After Moses George died in 1947, his sons Alex and Lee took over the business, along with daughter Josephine. The name changed to Merchants Distributors Inc. or MDI in 1956. By 1960, MDI had over 130 employees and supplied 400 grocery stores within 150 miles. Alex George was president, and the company added a $1 million, four-acre facility on Twelfth Street. In 1965, MDI began selling to schools and eventually merged its MDI Foodservice with James Wholesale Company, also in Hickory, forming Institution Food House (IFH), with Lee George as president. Norman James was vice president; after his death, the Lee brothers bought his share of the company and made IFH a subsidiary of MDI. Lee George retired in 1980 but remained chairman.
In 1984, MDI bought the Lowes Foods chain of supermarkets.
In 1992 MDI, IFH and Lowes Foods became part of a new holding company Alex Lee Inc., named for Alex and Lee George. MDI president Boyd Lee George, grandson of the founder, became chairman and president, remaining as chairman of MDI.
In 1993, MDI became a distribution center for Independent Grocers Alliance. In addition to providing the IGA stores with low-priced merchandise, this arrangement allowed IGA to take advantage of the advertising and merchandising skills of MDI. 
Also in 1995, MDI announced plans for a $60 million plant in Caldwell County. The company received $5.5 million in economic incentives from Caldwell County and Hickory, with plans for Hickory to annex the site and turn part of it into an industrial park (though as of 2008 the city had done nothing with its part of the land). This arrangement created controversy because the North Carolina Supreme Court had not yet ruled on whether such economic incentives to keep businesses were constitutional. Two years later, the distribution center was complete, though neighbors complained about the noise, and a few people claimed construction damaged their nearby homes. IFH took over the former MDI location.
MDI also supplies Galaxy Food Centers, founded in 1979, with 100 stores in 7 states.

</doc>
<doc id="20714846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714846" title="Valley of the Drums">
Valley of the Drums

The Valley of the Drums is a 23 acre (9.3 hectare) toxic waste site in northern Bullitt County, Kentucky, near Louisville, named after the waste-containing drums strewn across the area. It is known as one of the primary motivations for the passage of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, or Superfund Act of 1980. While the widely publicized Love Canal disaster is often credited as the reason the Superfund law was passed, Love Canal activist Lois Gibbs has said that Love Canal looked like a suburban community, while "Valley of the Drums became the visualization of the problem."
The site became a collection point for toxic wastes starting sometime in the 1960s. It caught the attention of state officials when some of the drums caught fire and burned for more than a week in 1966. However, at that time there were no laws to address the storage or containment of toxic wastes, and the site continued to be unregulated for another decade.
In 1979 conditions at the site became so bad that the Environmental Protection Agency initiated an emergency clean-up of the worst of the leaking drums. Workers on the ground quickly realized that the scope of the problem was far beyond their abilities at the time, and after news of the problems there became public the site was used by members of Congress as one of the reasons the proposed Superfund law was needed.
Cleanup began at the site in 1983 and officially ended in 1990, although problems continued to be reported for many years. An environmental audit of the site in 2003 found PCBs in the sediment surrounding the area, and further testing was ordered.
In December, 2008, EPA inspectors found about four dozen rusted metal drums on land just outside the part of the dump that it capped and fenced in the 1980s, including a portion of Jefferson Memorial Forest. New cleanup work is being considered at the site as of December 15, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20714847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714847" title="Thomas Cashmore">
Thomas Cashmore

Thomas Herbert Cashmore (27 April 1892 – 16 July 1984) was Bishop of Dunwich from 1955 to 1967.
Life.
Cashmore was born on 27 April 1892, the son of a worker in the railway workshops of the London and North-Western Railway workshops in Wolverton, Buckinghamshire, and educated at Codrington College, Barbados, from 1912–1917, taking an external degree from Durham University in 1918. After ordination he was an SPG missionary in Chota Nagpur from 1917 to 1924 and then Vicar of St James’s Calcutta, as well as "Rector" (Principal) of Saint James School Calcutta, which he was told "either to kill or revive". He did the latter. A medal named after him is still presented to the outstanding pupil of the year.
Coming to England he held incumbencies at Holmfirth from 1933–1942 and Brighouse before an eight-year period as "Canon Missioner" for the Diocese of Wakefield. In 1955 he became Suffragan Bishop of Dunwich, a post he held until retirement in 1967. He was probably the first Bishop in England for some generations not to have attended university. He died on 16 July 1984
He was awarded the Kaisar-i-Hind medal for public services in India in 1932, and the 1939–45 Defence Medal. He was President of Rotary International of Britain and Ireland in 1950-51. In the 1920s he was Secretary of the Calcutta Club and was the subject of some controversy when he asked Mahatma Gandhi to speak there.
He married (Kate) Marjorie Cashmore in 1919, in Ranji, India. They had five children, and additionally adopted an Anglo-Indian daughter, who pre-deceased them.

</doc>
<doc id="20714855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714855" title="Richard Abidin">
Richard Abidin

Richard R. Abidin, EdD is a noted psychologist who has devoted much of his career to studying the relationships between parents and children. He served as director of "School/Clinical Child Psychology Program" from 1967 to 1979, served as director of the "Institute of Clinical Psychology" between 1979-1988 (professor of education and psychology APA accredited in 1984,) and served as director of "Curry Programs" in "Clinical and School Psychology" between the years 1988-1995 at the University of Virginia. 
Dr. Abidin retired in 2003.
He is now emeritus professor, lecturer and consultant to "Curry Programs in Clinical and School Psychology" at the same university.
He is a fellow of the "American Board of Professional Psychologists", the American Psychological Association, the "American Association for Applied and Preventive Psychology", and the "Academy of Clinical Psychology".
Dr. Abidin has created several assessment measures that aid clinicians in determining the functionality of a parent-child relationship.
He is the author of the "Index of Teaching Stress" (ITS)], the "Early Childhood Parenting Skills Program", a measure which assesses the level of teacher stress, the Parenting Stress Index, 3rd Edition (PSI), which identifies parent-child problem areas in parents of children ages 1 month to 12 years in order to identify dysfunction relationships, and coauthor of the Parenting Alliance Measure (PAM), and the Stress Index for Parents of Adolescents (SIPA), which respectively assess the degree of cooperation between parents and the level of stress between parents and their adolescent.
Dr. Abidin is chair of the Board of Trustees at the The Miller School of Albemarle in Charlottesville, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20714869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714869" title="6th Guards Tank Brigade">
6th Guards Tank Brigade

There were two formations known as the 6th Guards Tank Brigade which served during World War II:

</doc>
<doc id="20714882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714882" title="2000 Big 12 Championship Game">
2000 Big 12 Championship Game

The 2000 Big 12 Championship Game was played on December 2, 2000 in Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. The game determined the 2000 football champion of the Big 12 Conference. The Oklahoma Sooners, winners of the South division of the Big 12, narrowly beat the Kansas State Wildcats, who won the North division, by a score of 27-24. This was the first time the two teams met in the Big 12 Championship Game, as they would meet again in the 2003 edition. 
The Wildcats were coached by Bill Snyder. They came into the game with at 10-2 record, including a 6-2 record in Big 12 play. The Sooners were coached by Bob Stoops, in just his second year at the helm of the Sooners. Oklahoma came into the game with an 11-0 record including a 8-0 mark in conference play.
Leading up to the game.
The Wildcats had already lost to the Sooners in mid-October, a game played in Manhattan. The Sooners won that contest, 41-31. The Wildcats had hoped to even up the score and earn a first-ever trip to the BCS, not to mention end Oklahoma's perfect season.
Oklahoma had not lost a game coming into the championship game. After winning the game, they would go on to defeat Florida State in the 2001 Orange Bowl, which served as the BCS National Championship Game that year, earning the program's 7th claimed national championship.
Game summary.
In a scene filled with national championship tension and with two teams very familiar with one another, No. 1 Oklahoma edged No. 7/8 Kansas State, 27-24, for the Sooners’ first Big 12 football title. 
As OU won a school-record 12th game and advanced to the Bowl Championship Series, the battle royale was about as even as pre-billed for the first 30 minutes. 
The Sooners scored first in what would prove to be the decisive field goal in the three-point victory as Tim Duncan connected on a 33-yarder. 
K-State then rallied for 10 unanswered points, starting with a 10-yard scoring run by Jonathan Beasley on the first play of the second quarter. After an OU punt, KSU mounted a 12-play, 57-yard drive for a Jamie Rheem field goal from 22 yards. 
Oklahoma stormed back to block a Wildcats’ punt as Josh Norman stepped in front of a KSU boot. Three plays later, quarterback Josh Heupel connected with tight end Trent Smith for one of Smith’s record eight championship receptions and the tying touchdown with 2:56 left in the half. 
In the second half, OU took a short-lived lead at 17-10 with 5:54 left in the third quarter as Heupel rushed over the goal line from seven yards. Less than two minutes later, Aaron Lockett cruised 58 yards on a punt runback for the first kick return for a touchdown in the Big 12 Championship. 
Late in the third quarter and early in the final period, OU made the critical drive of the game. Heupel found Andre Woolfolk with a pass to the back of the end zone, and Duncan’s kick made it 24-17 Sooners with 14:24 left in regulation. 
A calculated gamble by Bob Stoops and Sooners’ special teams’ coaches sent Duncan out to try his longest field goal of the season - a 46-yarder - with 1:25 on the clock. Duncan’s successful try was his longest of the year by six yards and gave Oklahoma just enough breathing room. 
The elusive Beasley drove the Wildcats 60 yards in six plays in a span of 1:19. Oklahoma scooped up the ensuing onside kick and ran the final six seconds off the clock. For the fifth year in succession, the designated home team was victorious in the Dr Pepper Championship.
Scoring summary.
First Quarter 
OU (3-0) - Tim Duncan 33-yard field goal; 7:16 
Second Quarter 
KSU (3-7) - Jonathan Beasley 10-yard run (Jamie Rheem kick); 14:54 
KSU (3-10) - Rheem 22-yard field goal; 7:58 
OU (10-10) - Trent Smith 1-yard pass from Josh Heupel (Duncan kick); 2:56 
Third Quarter 
OU (17-10) - Josh Heupel 7-yard run (Duncan kick); 5:54 
KSU (17-17) - Aaron Lockett 58-yard punt return (Rheem kick) 
Fourth Quarter 
OU (24-17) - Andre Woolfolk 17-yard pass from Heupel (Duncan kick); 14:24 
OU (27-17) - Duncan 46-yard field goal; 1:25 
KSU (27-24) - Quincy Morgan 16-yard pass from Beasley (Rheem kick); 0:06
After the game.
The Sooners went on to play in the 2001 Orange Bowl and win their 7th national championship against the Florida State Seminoles, 13-2. 
Kansas State went on to beat the Tennessee Volunteers in the 2001 Cotton Bowl, 35 to 21.

</doc>
<doc id="20714902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714902" title="SHGC">
SHGC

SHGC can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20714981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714981" title="Ford Escort rally championship">
Ford Escort rally championship

Ford Escort Rally Championship, run by Ford Motor Co. (UK), started in 1978 to find new upcoming rally drivers. It was a tightly run series using similar specification Ford Escort MK2 sport models with the prize being a works Ford drive. The event attracted huge support and was run over a series of events alongside the BTRDA rally championship, and John Simpson from Devon eventually won. The series was managed by Graham Robson.

</doc>
<doc id="20714984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20714984" title="Minister of Defence (Namibia)">
Minister of Defence (Namibia)

The Ministry of Defence os Namibia is a cabinet-level position in government of the Republic of Namibia. The head of the ministry has been Nahas Angula since his appointment in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20715017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715017" title="Anthony Joseph Murphy">
Anthony Joseph Murphy

Anthony Joseph Murphy was a Newfoundland politician. He served as acting Leader of the Opposition from 1969 to 1971 while the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador's leader, Frank Moores, did not have a seat in the House of Assembly. When Moores became Premier of Newfoundland following the 1972 provincial election he named Murphy to Cabinet as social services minister. 
Murphy held the seat of St. John's East from 1962 until his retirement in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20715044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715044" title="Game of Thrones">
Game of Thrones

Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created for HBO by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss. It is an adaptation of "A Song of Ice and Fire", George R. R. Martin's series of fantasy novels, the first of which is titled "A Game of Thrones". Filmed in a Belfast studio and on location elsewhere in Northern Ireland, Malta, Scotland, Croatia, Iceland and Morocco, it premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17, 2011. The series was renewed for a fourth season, to debut on April 6, 2014.
The series, set on the fictional continents of Westeros and Essos at the end of a decade-long summer, interweaves several plot lines. The first follows the members of several noble houses in a civil war for the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms; the second covers the rising threat of the impending winter and the mythical creatures of the North; the third chronicles the attempts of the exiled last scion of the realm's deposed dynasty to reclaim the throne. Through its morally ambiguous characters, the series explores the issues of social hierarchy, religion, loyalty, corruption, sexuality, civil war, crime, and punishment. It is the most recent big-budget work to have contributed to the popularity of the fantasy genre in mainstream media.
"Game of Thrones" has obtained an exceptionally broad and active international fan base. It received widespread acclaim by critics, although its use of nudity and violence has caused controversy. The series has won numerous awards and nominations, including a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Drama Series in all three seasons, a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Television Series – Drama, a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation in Long Form, and a Peabody Award. Among the ensemble cast, Peter Dinklage won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film for his role as Tyrion Lannister.
Plot.
"Game of Thrones" roughly follows the three story lines of "A Song of Ice and Fire". Set in the fictional Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, the series chronicles the violent dynastic struggles among the realm's noble families for control of the Iron Throne. As the series opens, additional threats begin to arise in the icy North and in the eastern continent of Essos.
The novels and their adaptation derive settings, characters and plot elements from much of European history. A principal inspiration for the novels were the English Wars of the Roses (1455–85) between the houses of Lancaster and York, reflected in Martin's houses of Lannister and Stark. Most of Westeros, with its castles and knightly tournaments, is reminiscent of High Medieval Western Europe. The scheming Cersei, for instance, calls to mind Isabella (1295–1358), the "she-wolf of France". The series also combines such varied inspirations as Hadrian's Wall (which became Martin's great Wall), the fall of Rome and the legend of Atlantis (ancient Valyria), Byzantine "Greek fire" ("wildfire"), Icelandic sagas of the Viking Age (the Ironborn) and the Mongol hordes (the Dothraki), as well as elements from the Hundred Years' War (1337–1453) and the Italian Renaissance (c. 1400–1500). The series' great popularity has in part been attributed to Martin's skill at fusing these disparate elements into a seamless whole that appears credible on its own terms as an alternative history.
""The Sopranos" in Middle-earth" is the tagline showrunner David Benioff jokingly suggested for "Game of Thrones", referring to its intrigue-filled plot and dark tone combined with a fantasy setting. In a 2012 study, the series was listed second out of 40 recent U.S. TV drama series by deaths per episode, with an average of 14.
Cast and characters.
Like the novels it adapts, "Game of Thrones" has a sprawling ensemble cast, estimated to be the largest on television. During the production of the third season, 257 cast names were recorded. The following overview reduces the list of characters in "Game of Thrones" to those played by the actors credited as part of the main cast.
Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark (Sean Bean) is the head of the Stark family whose members are involved in most of the series's intertwined plot lines. He and his wife Catelyn Tully (Michelle Fairley) have five children: the eldest, Robb (Richard Madden), the dainty Sansa (Sophie Turner), the tomboy Arya (Maisie Williams), the adventurous Bran (Isaac Hempstead-Wright) and the youngest, Rickon (Art Parkinson). Ned's hostage and ward Theon Greyjoy (Alfie Allen) used to live with the Starks. Robb's wife is the healer Talisa Maegyr (Oona Chaplin), and Arya has befriended the blacksmith's apprentice Gendry (Joe Dempsie). Ned's bastard son Jon Snow (Kit Harington) and his friend Samwell Tarly (John Bradley) serve in the Night's Watch under Lord Commander Jeor Mormont (James Cosmo). The red-haired Wildling Ygritte (Rose Leslie) is Jon Snow's romantic interest.
Ned's old friend King Robert Baratheon (Mark Addy) shares a loveless marriage with Queen Cersei Lannister (Lena Headey), who has taken her twin, the "Kingslayer" Ser Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) as her secret lover. She loathes her younger brother, the clever dwarf Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage), who is attended by his mistress Shae (Sibel Kekilli) and the sellsword Bronn (Jerome Flynn). Cersei's father is the fabulously wealthy Lord Tywin Lannister (Charles Dance), and her oldest son, the sadistic Joffrey (Jack Gleeson), is guarded by the scar-faced warrior Sandor "the Hound" Clegane (Rory McCann).
The king's "Small Council" of advisors includes the crafty Master of Coin, Lord Petyr "Littlefinger" Baelish (Aidan Gillen) and the eunuch Master of Whisperers, Lord Varys (Conleth Hill). Robert's brother Stannis Baratheon (Stephen Dillane) is advised by the foreign priestess Melisandre (Carice van Houten) and the former smuggler Ser Davos Seaworth (Liam Cunningham). The wealthy Tyrell family is represented at court by the ambitious Margaery Tyrell (Natalie Dormer).
Across the Narrow Sea, siblings Viserys (Harry Lloyd) and Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke) – the exiled children of the king overthrown by Robert Baratheon – are on the run for their lives, trying to win back the throne. Daenerys has been married to Khal Drogo (Jason Momoa), the leader of the nomadic Dothraki, and is guarded by the exiled knight Ser Jorah Mormont (Iain Glen).
Production.
Conception and development.
According to David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, the two came up with the idea of adapting George R. R. Martin's novels to the screen in 2006, after Benioff began reading the first novel, "A Game of Thrones". He called Weiss to share his excitement, and Weiss finished the thousand-page book in "maybe 36 hours". They successfully pitched the series to HBO, and convinced Martin – a veteran screenwriter himself – in the course of a five-hour meeting in a restaurant on Santa Monica Boulevard to agree to the idea. Benioff recalled that they won Martin over with their answer to his question: "Who is Jon Snow's mother?"
The series began development in January 2007. HBO, after acquiring the TV rights to the novels, hired Benioff and Weiss to write and executive produce the series, which would cover one novel's worth of material per season. Initially, it was planned that Benioff and Weiss would write every episode save one per season, which author and co-executive producer George R. R. Martin was attached to write. Jane Espenson and Bryan Cogman were later added to each write one episode of the first season.
The first and second drafts of the pilot script, written by Benioff and Weiss, were submitted in August 2007 and June 2008, respectively. While HBO found both drafts to their liking, a pilot was not ordered until November 2008, with the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike possibly delaying the process.
The budget of "Game of Thrones" has been compared to that of the TV series "Rome." The pilot reportedly cost HBO between , and the total budget for the first season has been estimated at . In the second season, the show obtained a 15% increase in budget in order to be able to stage the most important battle in the "clash of kings," the civil war that is the season's focus.
Adaptation schedule.
Showrunners David Benioff and D. B. Weiss intend to adapt the entirety of the still incomplete "A Song of Ice and Fire" novel series, if HBO permits it. They envision the series to have a scope of some 80 hours, about eight seasons' worth of material. In 2013, producer Frank Doelger said that "we'll probably get through to seven seasons".
Benioff and Weiss said that they do not want to pad "Game of Thrones" out so as to wait for George R. R. Martin (who has taken up to six years to write an installment of "A Song of Ice and Fire") to finish writing the last two novels. Knowing the broad outlines of Martin's intended ending for "A Song of Ice and Fire", and concerned that extending "Game of Thrones" to ten seasons would kill its sense of momentum, they consider it possible (but not preferable) that the TV series ends before the last novel is published.
As of 2013, four seasons have been ordered and filmed:
Seasons 1 and 2 each adapted one novel. For the later seasons, the creators conceive of "Game of Thrones" as an adaptation of "A Song of Ice and Fire" as a whole, rather than of individual novels. This gives them the liberty to move events back and forth across books according to the requirements of the screen adaptation.
The four seasons ordered so far each consist of ten episodes. Most episodes from the first and second season run for about 52 minutes, while many of the third season's episodes are 56 or 57 minutes long. The series' pilot and the second and third season finale run for more than an hour.
Title sequence.
The series's title sequence was created by production studio Elastic for HBO. Creative director Angus Wall and his collaborators received the 2011 Emmy Award for Main Title Design for their work on the sequence. It depicts a three-dimensional map of the series's fictional world, projected onto the inside of a sphere, which is centrally lit by a small sun contained within an armilla. As the camera swoops across the map and focuses on the locations in which the episode's events take place, complicated clockwork mechanisms let buildings and other structures emerge from the map and unfold. Meanwhile, accompanied by the title music, the names of the principal cast and creative staff are displayed. The sequence concludes after about one and a half minutes with the title card and brief opening credits indicating the episode's writer(s) and director.
Filming.
Principal photography for the first season was scheduled to begin on July 26, 2010. The primary location was the Paint Hall Studios in Belfast, Northern Ireland. Exterior scenes in Northern Ireland were filmed at Sandy Brae in the Mourne Mountains (standing in for Vaes Dothrak), Castle Ward (Winterfell), Saintfield Estates (the Winterfell godswood), Tollymore Forest (outdoor scenes), Cairncastle (the execution site), Magheramorne quarry (Castle Black) and at Shane's Castle (the tourney grounds). Doune Castle in Stirling, Scotland, was also used in the original pilot episode for exterior and interior scenes at Winterfell. The producers initially considered shooting the whole series in Scotland, but eventually chose Northern Ireland because of the availability of studio space.
The first season's southern scenes were filmed in Malta, a change in location from the sets in Morocco used for the pilot episode. The city of Mdina was used for scenes in King's Landing, and filming also took place at Fort Manoel (representing the Sept of Baelor), at the Azure Window on the island of Gozo (the Dothraki wedding site), and at San Anton Palace, Fort Ricasoli, Fort St Angelo and St. Dominic monastery (all used for scenes in the Red Keep).
For the second season, shooting of the Southern scenes shifted from Malta to Croatia, where the city of Dubrovnik and nearby locations allowed exterior shots of a seaside walled medieval city. The Walls of Dubrovnik and of Fort Lovrijenac and Trsteno Arboretum were used for scenes in King's Landing and the Red Keep. The island of Lokrum, the St. Dominic monastery on the island of Trogir, the Rector's Palace in Dubrovnik and the Dubac quarry a few kilometers to the east were used for scenes set in Qarth. Scenes set north of the Wall, in the Frostfangs and at the Fist of the First Men, were filmed in Iceland in November 2011, on the Svínafellsjökull glacier and near Smyrlabjörg and Vík on Höfðabrekkuheiði.
The third season returned to Morocco, including the city of Essaouira, to film Daenerys's scenes in Essos. The production employed three units ("Dragon", "Wolf" and "Raven") filming in parallel, six directing teams, 257 cast members and 703 crew members. One scene featuring a live bear, Little Bart, was filmed in Los Angeles.
The fourth season returned to Dubrovnik, and also included new locations in Croatia. Diocletian's Palace in Split, Klis Fortress north of Split, Perun quarry east of Split, Mosor mountain and Baška Voda further down to the south. The fourth season took 136 days to film and completed filming on November 21, 2013.
Effect on location.
"Game of Thrones" receives funding from Northern Ireland Screen, a government agency financed by Invest NI and the European Regional Development Fund. As of April 2013, Northern Ireland Screen has awarded the show £9.25 million and according to government estimates, benefited the Northern Ireland economy by £65 million.
Invest NI and the Tourist Board also expect the series to generate tourism revenue. According to a government minister, the series has given Northern Ireland the most publicity in its history outside politics and the Troubles.
Tourism organizations in other filming locations also reported notable increases in bookings after their locations appeared in "Game of Thrones". Bookings through one web portal in 2012 increased by 13% in Iceland and by 28% in Dubrovnik, Croatia. In 2013, bookings increased by 100% in Ouarzazate, Morocco, where Daenerys's season 3 scenes were filmed.
Costuming.
The show's costumes are inspired by many cultures, such as Japanese and Persian. Dothraki outfits resemble that of the Bedouins (one was made out of fish skins to resemble dragon scales), and the Wildlings wear fur side in and skin side out like the Inuit. Wildling bone armor is made of molds taken of real bones and assembled with string and latex resembling catgut. While extras who portray Wildlings and the Night's Watch wear hats as would be normal in a cold climate, main actors usually do not so viewers can identify the characters. Björk's Alexander McQueen high-neckline dresses inspired Dormer's unusual funnel-neck outfit, and prostitute costumes are designed to be quickly removed. All clothing, whether for Wildlings or for women at the royal court, is aged for two weeks to improve realism on high-definition television.
About two dozen wigs are used for the actresses. Made of human hair and up to in length, they cost up to $7,000 each and are washed and styled like real hair. Applying the wigs is a lengthy process; Clarke, for example, requires about two hours to style her brunette hair with a platinum-blonde wig and braids. Other actors such as Gleeson and Turner receive frequent haircoloring. For characters such as Clarke and her Dothrakis, hair, wigs, and costumes are processed so they appear as if they have not been washed for weeks.
Language.
The Westerosi characters of "Game of Thrones" speak British English, often (but not consistently) with the accent of the region in England whose geographic location corresponds to that of the character's home region in Westeros. For instance, Eddard Stark, as Warden of the North, speaks in actor Sean Bean's native Northern English, while the southern lord Tywin Lannister is heard speaking with a southern accent. Characters foreign to Westeros are often (although not always) played with a foreign-sounding accent.
While English is used to convey the common language of Westeros, the producers charged linguist David J. Peterson with developing the Dothraki and Valyrian languages as constructed languages, based on the few words used in Martin's novels. Dothraki or Valyrian dialogue is subtitled in English. The BBC estimated that, through the series, these fictional languages are heard by more people than the Welsh, Irish and Scots Gaelic languages combined.
Availability.
Broadcast.
The first season of "Game of Thrones" premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17, 2011, and the second season on April 1, 2012. On the same day or in the subsequent weeks or months, the series also began airing in several other countries.
International broadcasters carrying "Game of Thrones" include:
Home video.
The ten episodes of the first season of "Game of Thrones" were published as a DVD and Blu-ray box set on March 6, 2012. The set includes extra background and behind-the-scenes material, but no deleted scenes, because almost all footage shot for the first season was used in the show. The box set sold 350,000 units in the first seven days of its release, the largest first-week DVD sales ever for an HBO series. The series also set an HBO series record for digital download sales. A "collector's edition" of the box set combining the DVD and Blu-ray versions, a dragon's egg paperweight and the first episode of season two was released in November 2012.
DVD/Blu-ray box sets and digital downloads of the second season were made available on February 19, 2013. First-day sales again broke HBO records, with 241,000 box sets sold and 355,000 episodes downloaded.
The third season was made available for purchase as a digital download on the iTunes Store, in Australia only, in parallel to the US premiere.
Piracy.
At the time new seasons are broadcast, they are available only through HBO or its affiliates, not through third-party video on demand services, and in many countries not at all. This delay in availability has contributed to the series being widely pirated. The file-sharing news website "TorrentFreak" estimated it to be the most-pirated TV series of 2012 and 2013. One episode was downloaded about 4,280,000 times through public BitTorrent trackers in 2012, about equal to the number of broadcast viewers. Piracy rates were particularly high in Australia, due to the delay of international airings. This led US Ambassador to Australia Jeff Bleich to issue a public statement condemning Australian piracy of the series in 2013. One copy of the third season's premiere was the most simultaneously shared file in the history of the BitTorrent filesharing network, with over 160,000 sharers and more than a million downloads.
In 2013, series director David Petrarca remarked that illegal downloads did not hurt the series' prospects, as it benefited from the resulting "buzz" and social commentary. He later clarified that he was against illegally downloading copyrighted works. To counteract piracy, HBO announced in 2013 that it intends to make its content more widely available worldwide within the week of the US premiere, including through its digital service HBO GO.
Other media and products.
Soundtrack.
The music for the series is composed by Ramin Djawadi. The first season's soundtrack, written in about ten weeks before the show's premiere, was published by Varèse Sarabande in June 2011. Soundtrack albums for the subsequent seasons have also been published, featuring tracks performed by the indie bands The National in season 2 and The Hold Steady in season 3. The series's instrumental title music has been much covered.
Accompanying material.
"Thronecast: The Official Guide to Game of Thrones", a series of podcasts presented by Geoff Lloyd and produced by Koink, was available on the Sky Atlantic website and the UK iTunes store. It featured episode analysis and cast interviews.
A companion book, "Inside HBO's Game of Thrones" by series writer Bryan Cogman (ISBN 978-1-4521-1010-3), was published on September 27, 2012. On 192 pages, illustrated with concept art and behind-the-scenes photographs, the book covers the creation of the series's first two seasons, as well as its principal characters and families.
Merchandise and exhibition.
HBO has issued licenses for a broad range of merchandise based on "Game of Thrones". These include various games, replica weapons and armor, jewellery, bobblehead dolls by Funko, beer by Ommegang, and various items and apparel. Top-end merchandise includes Ulysse Nardin wristwatches for $10,500 and resin replicas of the Iron Throne for $30,000.
In 2013, a traveling exhibition of costumes, props, armor and weapons from the series visited Toronto, New York City, São Paulo, Amsterdam and Belfast.
Other works based on the series.
The series has also inspired other works. For instance, four video games that are based on the TV series and the novels have been published or are in development. The strategy game "Game of Thrones Ascent" ties in particularly closely with the series, making characters and settings available to players as soon as they appear on air.
The fall 2012 ready-to-wear collection by the fashion brand Helmut Lang was inspired by "Game of Thrones". In March 2012, Wiley-Blackwell published "Game of Thrones and Philosophy: Logic Cuts Deeper than the Sword" (ISBN 978-1-118-16199-9). This entry in Blackwell's "Pop Culture and Philosophy" series, edited by Henry Jacoby and William Irwin, aims to highlight and discuss philosophical issues raised by the show and its source material.
In 2013, "Game of Thrones" was notably parodied on the cover of "Mad" on April 30, as well as by a web series, "School of Thrones", which set the story in a high school whose students vie for the title of prom king and queen. Two pornographic parodies of the series were also announced in 2013.
Reception.
"Game of Thrones" was highly anticipated by fans before its premiere. It has since become a critical and commercial success.
Cultural influence.
"Game of Thrones" has been credited with an increased popularity of fantasy themes and mainstream acceptance of the fantasy fandom. "After this weekend", "CNN.com" wrote on the eve of the second season's premiere, "you may be hard pressed to find someone who isn't a fan of some form of epic fantasy". According to Ian Bogost, "Game of Thrones" continues a trend of successful screen adaptations, beginning with Peter Jackson's 2001 "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy and continuing with the "Harry Potter" films, that have established fantasy as a lucrative mass market genre and serve as "gateway drugs to fantasy fan culture".
The series' popularity greatly boosted sales of the "A Song of Ice and Fire" novels, soon republished as tie-in editions, which remained at the top of bestseller lists for months on end. "The Daily Beast" wrote that "Game of Thrones" was a particular favorite of many sitcom writers, and consequently the series has been referenced in many other TV series. Together with other fantasy series, "Game of Thrones" has been deemed responsible for a substantial increase in purchases (and abandonments) of huskies and other wolf-like dogs.
"Game of Thrones" has also been the basis of additions to the popular vocabulary. The first season's frequent scenes in which characters explain their motives or background while having sex with prostitutes gave rise to the term "sexposition" to describe the practice of providing exposition against a backdrop of sex and nudity. "Dothraki", the name of the nomadic horsemen appearing in the series, was listed fourth in a list of words from television most used on the Internet, compiled in September 2012 by Global Language Monitor. After the second season, the media began using "Game of Thrones" as a figure of speech or as a comparison for situations of intense conflict and deceit, e.g., the court battles about US healthcare legislation, the Syrian civil war or power struggles in the Chinese government.
Critical response.
The critical response to the three aired seasons of "Game of Thrones" has been very positive. All seasons were listed on several yearly "best of" lists published by US media, such as the "Washington Post" (2011), "TIME" (2011 and 2012) and "The Hollywood Reporter" (2012). Seasons 2 and 3 obtained a Metacritic rating of more than 80, which the website rates "universal acclaim". In 2013, the Writers Guild of America placed "Game of Thrones" in the fortieth place on the list of the 101 best-written TV series.
The performance of the very large, predominantly British and Irish cast was widely praised. American Peter Dinklage's "charming, morally ambiguous, and self-aware" portrayal of Tyrion, which won him an Emmy and a Golden Globe award, among others, was particularly noted. "In many ways, "Game of Thrones" belongs to Dinklage", wrote the "L.A. Times" even before, in season 2, the "scene-stealing actor's" character became the series' most central figure. Several critics highlighted the performances of the women and child actors. 14-year-old Maisie Williams, already noted in the first season for her debut performance as Arya Stark, received particular praise for her work opposite veteran actor Charles Dance (Tywin Lannister) in season 2.
Reviewing the first season, critics noted the high production values, the well-realized world and compelling characters. "Variety" wrote that "there may be no show more profitable to its network than 'Game of Thrones' is to HBO. Fully produced by the pay cabler and already a global phenomenon after only one season, the fantasy skein was a gamble that has paid off handsomely."
The second season was also very well received by critics. "Entertainment Weekly" praised the "vivid, vital, and just plain fun" storytelling, and "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote that the show made a "strong case for being one of TV's best series", its gravitas making it the only genre show dramatically comparable to shows such as "Mad Men" or "Breaking Bad". "The New York Times" published a mixed review, disapproving of the characters' lack of complexity and their confusing multitude, as well as the meandering plot.
The amount of sex and nudity shown on "Game of Thrones", especially in scenes that are incidental to the plot, has been the focus of much of the criticism aimed at the series. Actor Stephen Dillane, who portrays Stannis Baratheon, likened the series's frequent explicit scenes to "German porn from the 1970s". Charlie Anders wrote in io9 that while the first season was replete with light-hearted "sexposition", the second season appeared to focus on distasteful, exploitative and dehumanizing sex with little informational content. According to the "Washington Post"'s Anna Holmes, the nude scenes appeared to be aimed mainly at titillating heterosexual men, right down to the Brazilian waxes sported by the women in the series's faux-medieval setting, which made these scenes alienating to other viewers. And in the "Huffington Post", Maureen Ryan likewise noted that "Game of Thrones" mostly presented women naked, rather than men, and added that the excess of "random boobage" undercut any aspirations the series might have to address the oppression of women in a feudal society. "Saturday Night Live" parodied this aspect of the adaptation in a sketch that portrayed the series as having a thirteen-year-old boy as a consultant whose main concern was showing as many breasts per scene as possible.
The series was also criticized for its torture scenes. Madeleine Davies wrote in "Jezebel" that "it's not uncommon that "Game of Thrones" gets accused of being torture porn — senseless, objectifying violence combined with senseless, objectifying sexual imagery", but she noted that, except for the titillation and torture of Theon Greyjoy in season 3, the series's use of violence did tend to serve a narrative purpose. Alyssa Rosenberg, writing in "ThinkProgress", found a purpose even in Theon's "grotesque and emotionally agonizing" mutilation, in that it efficiently illustrated torture's nature: "not an intelligence-gathering technique, not a tool that must only be used occasionally with great regret, but the process of turning someone into something else, and often something less."
Fandom.
The novel series "A Song of Ice and Fire" and its TV adaptation "Game of Thrones" have an exceptionally broad and active international fan base. In 2012, "Vulture" ranked the series's fandom as the most devoted in popular culture, ahead of that of Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, "Harry Potter" or "Star Wars". Fans include political leaders such as U.S. President Barack Obama, former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, and Dutch Foreign Minister Frans Timmermans, who, in a 2013 speech, framed challenges of European politics in terms of quotes from Martin's novels.
In 2013, BBC News wrote that the "passion and the extreme devotion of fans" had brought about a phenomenon unlike anything related to other popular TV series, manifesting itself in a very broad range of fan labor, such as fan fiction, but also "Game of Thrones"-themed burlesque routines, or people naming their children after characters from the series: "Arya" was the girl's name rising the fastest in popularity in the US in 2012, from 711th to 413th position. Writers cited by the BBC attributed this success to the rich detail, moral ambiguity, sexual explicitness and epic scale of the series and novels.
58 percent of viewers were reported to be male as of 2013, and on average 41 years old. According to the marketing director of SBS, "Game of Thrones" has the highest fan engagement rate of any TV series known to her: 5.5% of the series's 2.9 million Facebook fans were talking online about the series in 2012, compared to 1.8% of the more than ten million fans of HBO's other fantasy series "True Blood".
Among the many fan sites dedicated to the TV and novel series, "Vulture" noted in particular "Westeros.org" and "WinterIsComing.net", which provide news reports and discussion forums, "ToweroftheHand.com", which organizes communal readings of the novels, and "Podcastoficeandfire.com". There are also many podcasts covering the series.
Viewer numbers.
According to HBO, the second season of "Game of Thrones" had an average gross audience (including all repeats and on-demand viewings) of 11.6 million viewers. The third season saw that number rise to 14.2 million, making the season the second-most viewed of any HBO series, after the fifth season of "The Sopranos", which obtained 14.4 million viewers in 2004. Contrary to assumptions by journalists that "Game of Thrones" has a predominantly male audience, Nielsen Media Research data indicated in 2013 that the series's viewership is less divided by gender than that of many other comparable programs, with women making up about 42% of viewers.
The following graph shows viewer numbers for the first airings:
Awards.
The first season of "Game of Thrones" was nominated for thirteen of the 2011 Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Drama Series. It won two, Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series and Outstanding Main Title Design. Peter Dinklage, who plays Tyrion Lannister, was named best supporting actor by the Emmys, the Golden Globes, the Scream Awards and the Satellite Awards. In 2012, the second season won six of the Creative Arts Emmy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20715053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715053" title="Nadia Rosenthal">
Nadia Rosenthal

Professor Nadia A. Rosenthal is a scientist who specializes in heart development related research. Rosenthal began her undergraduate degree at the University of Wales and then transferred to Harvard. She received her PhD from Harvard Medical School and was an Associate Professor of Biochemistry at Boston University and an Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School before transferring to the European Molecular Biology Laboratory where she replaced Klaus Rajewsky who had just gone to work at Harvard Medical School. In 2006, she presented the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Holiday Lectures together with Douglas A. Melton.
Rosenthal is currently serving as Director of the Australian Regenerative Medicine Institute, based at Monash University in Melbourne, taking up the position in 2008.
Rosenthal is the daughter of Laurence Rosenthal, and she is married to Alan Sawyer, who also worked at EMBL.

</doc>
<doc id="20715058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715058" title="Tree House, Crawley">
Tree House, Crawley

Tree House, also known as The Tree, is a mediaeval timber-framed house on the High Street in Crawley, a town and borough in West Sussex, England. It is the original manor house of Crawley, and was built in the early 15th century and rebuilt in the mid-16th century. It now has a modern exterior and is disused, but the old structure is still in place inside. Situated in a prominent position facing both the High Street and The Boulevard, two of Crawley town centre's main roads, its name commemorates an ancient elm tree which stood outside for hundreds of years and was one of Crawley's landmarks.
History.
Although there was evidence of a small settlement by the 11th century, Crawley started to develop as a village in the 13th century when a charter was granted for a market. By the late 14th century, there was enough wealth in the area to justify the building of a manor house. Like other buildings of the era, it was timber-framed; many of these were demolished when the New Town was laid out after the Second World War, and Tree House is now the oldest such building on the High Street.
In the mid-16th century, in the midst of a period of rapid construction in the village, the building was substantially extended. Around this time, brick started to replace timber as the predominant building material in the area; the extension used timber, but soon afterwards a brick "skin" was added around the exterior. This remains in place today.
By the 18th century, Tree House lost its original use and passed into private ownership as part of the Worth Park estate, a country estate which covered large parts of Crawley (which was by this time a small town). By 1780 the building had started its long association with the medical profession: it was home to a family of doctors for about 130 years, although it was rented from the estate landowner for the whole time. The caricaturist John Leech also lived at the house for several years from 1833, while training as a medical student. He worked on the magazine "Punch", which at the time was edited by fellow Crawley resident Mark Lemon, and illustrated Charles Dickens's series of Christmas stories in the 1840s. Later, the parish council (which became Crawley Urban District Council in 1956 and Crawley Borough Council in 1974) bought Tree House and used it to house various council services. These have since been moved to new purpose-built accommodation, leaving the building's future uncertain. In particular, it lies within the area covered by the Crawley "Town Centre North" masterplan, which proposes major changes and redevelopment for that part of the town centre. The latest version of the masterplan, dated September 2008, recommends that Tree House should be kept, while allowing "justified" alterations or extensions to be made.
Until the late 20th century, a large barn-style hall stood in the gardens behind Tree House. It was built in the early 15th century as a moot hall—a mediaeval meeting place for villagers to discuss issues. The two-storey timber-framed building had four bays on the ground floor and a long room on the first floor. Threatened with demolition and replacement by an office block extension in the 1970s, it was instead dismantled, transported to the Weald and Downland Open Air Museum at Singleton and rebuilt there. At the museum, the building is now called the "Upper Hall".
The building's name, which seems to have been used from early in its history, refers to one of Crawley's oldest and most longstanding landmarks. The "Crawley Elm" stood immediately opposite; an ancient, substantial tree, it predated the building. A historical work about the county of Sussex published in 1835 devoted almost all of its summary of Crawley to a discussion of the tree. Another 19th-century author of a work about trees described its "tall, straight stem which ascends to a height of 70 feet [21 m] ... the fantastic ruggedness of its roots". At that time its trunk had been partly hollowed out to form a small room which was used for various purposes: as a temporary lodging place for travellers to stay overnight; as a meeting room; and as a billet. The room had a circumference of about , a door and some brickwork. Although the tree was already dying at this stage, parts of it remained until the New Town started to be built in the 1940s.
Architecture.
Externally, Tree House has no pre-19th century features, but the original hall house remains inside the external brickwork. It occupies an L-shaped corner plot and consists of a Great hall (south to north, facing High Street) and a solar (west to east, facing the Boulevard). There is a Sussex stone chimney breast at the corner. The solar is in better condition, and has three bays and substantial exposed roof trusses with king-posts and tie-beams. The roofline is lower than that of the Great hall section, which is partly covered with slabs of Horsham stone, a material used often in the area. The 18th-century work added a new wing on the west side; changes were made at the northern end in the following century; and the most recent remodelling in 1936 resulted in more changes on this side. The windows are now boarded up, but most were modern.
The building today.
Tree House was listed at Grade II by English Heritage on 21 June 1948, and is one of 100 listed buildings and structures in the Borough of Crawley. It is currently empty and awaiting redevelopment, but its listed status gives it some protection from demolition or significant alteration. It is owned by Crawley Borough Council, and was used most recently as a venue for various Council-run services and voluntary-sector organisations such as a Citizens Advice Bureau and a bereavement counselling service. However, it was considered unsuitable for this purpose, being cramped and unpleasant for staff and visitors (for example, there were no toilets on site). Also, the building was within the zone covered by the £700m "Town Centre North" regeneration programme. In November 2006, the Council moved all of the functions previously undertaken in Tree House to a new building elsewhere in the town centre. The building may be redeveloped for cultural use as part of the regeneration scheme. In March 2010, it was identified as a possible location for the town's museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20715076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715076" title="Restricted-access barrier system">
Restricted-access barrier system

A Restricted Access Barrier System (RABS) is an installation which is used in many industries, such as pharmaceutical, medical, chemical, electrical engineering where clean air is needed. The RABS provides a physical barrier between workers and production areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20715095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715095" title="Nesovitrea binneyana">
Nesovitrea binneyana

Nesovitrea binneyana, common name the blue glass snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.
This species is named in honor of the American malacologist William G. Binney.
Distribution.
This species occurs in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20715098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715098" title="Six Clerks">
Six Clerks

The Six Clerks’ Office was a public legal office that served the equitable jurisdiction of the English Court of Chancery until the middle of the nineteenth century.
The Office.
The Office was situated in Chancery Lane, London, near the Holborn end. The business of the office was to enrol commissions, pardons, patents, warrants, "etc.", that had passed the Great Seal in addition to other business in Chancery. In the early history of the Court of Chancery, the Six Clerks and their under-clerks appear to have acted as the attorneys of the suitors. As business increased, these under-clerks became a distinct body, and were recognized by the court under the denomination of sworn clerks, or clerks in court. The advance of commerce, with its consequent accession of wealth, so multiplied the subjects requiring the judgment of a Court of Equity, that the limits of a public office were found wholly inadequate to supply a sufficient number of officers to conduct the business of the suitors. Hence originated the "Solicitors of the Court of Chancery.” The Office also facilitated Chancery claims by impoverished litigants, litigants "in forma pauperis", including children and those suffering from mental illness.
The “Six Clerks” were abolished by the Court of Chancery Act 1842 following the reforming work of Edwin Wilkins Field.

</doc>
<doc id="20715108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715108" title="A Barcelona">
A Barcelona

A Barcelona is a poem by Jacint Verdaguer, published in 1883. It is a triumphant song of the transformation undergone by Barcelona since the mid-19th century.
Consisting of 46 quatrains of Alexandrine verses, and a re-editing process started in 1874 and completed in 1875, it is the fruit of a labour started in 1883. The author then lengthened and amended it three times, the last two shortly before its publication.
The first three stanzas present the city protected by the mountain of Montjuïc, identified with Alcides (Hercules), the mythic founder of Barcino according to a legend that Verdaguer had already picked up on in The Atlàntida (1878).
Next are sixteen quatrains, in which the poet celebrates the demolition of the walls and the extension of the city (1859), with a prophecy of bursting growth, beyond the Collserola mountain range and the Besos and Llobregat rivers, as if "Paris of the Seine" had been transplanted to Catalonia.
However, the three following stanzas, in the name of the homeland, reject any awe of the French capital, affirming instead the personality of Barcelona, which had been the Catalan center of a medieval Mediterranean empire and «She shone on Spanish lands as eastern star».
In the 23rd to 40th stanzas, the poet evokes the historical characters and the monuments that distinguish the city.
The six final stanzas, written from the perspective of the Cathedral, imaginatively transfigured into King Jaume I, formulate the ideological conclusion, the providential perspective, in which Barcelona and Catalonia are exhorted to promote economic progress, based on their industries, but without ever renouncing the Catholic tradition, since in the end «God alone brings down or lifts up peoples».
In spite of the rhetorical flourishes denounced by some critics, the poem, rewarded with an extraordinary prize in the Jocs Florals (Floral Games) of 1883, expresses faithfully the expectations of the élite of the period. This is confirmed by the fact that the Ajuntament (city council) published a popular edition of the poem, with a print run of 100,000 copies.
On the other hand, the poem has also provoked numerous imitations and responses, noteworthy of which are the "New Ode to Barcelona" by Joan Maragall and the "Ode to Barcelona" by Pere Quart.<"Diccionari de la Literatura Catalana", 2008>
The full text of the poem, richly annotated, is included in "Selected Poems of Jacint Verdaguer: A Bilingual Edition", edited and translated by Ronald Puppo, with an introduction by Ramon Pinyol i Torrents, University of Chicago Press, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20715139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715139" title="Rob Kirkpatrick">
Rob Kirkpatrick

Rob Kirkpatrick is an American editor, author, and blogger. He has published the books of many well-known authors, primarily in the field of nonfiction. He is also an author in his own right, most notably of the narrative history "". 
Early life.
Rob Kirkpatrick was born and raised in upstate New York. His father was Town Supervisor for Newburgh (town), New York and his mother was a Reading Recovery teacher. Kirkpatrick attended Wallkill Senior High School and graduated from Rutgers University.
Editorial career.
Kirkpatrick entered the book publishing industry after attending the Denver Publishing Institute. He currently acquires books as a Senior Editor for Thomas Dunne Books, an imprint of St. Martin's Press. He has published such authors as Bud Harrelson, Kurt Loder, Leon Hendrix, Sean Lahman, Linda Cohn, John Hemingway, Mark Oliver Everett of the Eels (band), Tom Ridge, and Gordon Thomas (author), Mark K. Updegrove, Ron Christie, Phil Pepe, Bill Rodgers (athlete), Don Ed Hardy, and Lisa Kennedy Montgomery. In 2012 he published the first book on Bryce Harper shortly after the player made his rookie debut with the Washington Nationals. Kirkpatrick also has acquired the publishing rights to forthcoming memoirs from Leigh Steinberg, Bryan Bishop, Dennis Dunaway, and Shannon Miller.
Writing.
Kirkpatrick is the author of "Cecil Travis of the Washington Senators: The War-Torn Career of an All-Star Shortstop" (2005), "Magic in the Night: The Words and Music of Bruce Springsteen" (2006), and "1969: The Year Everything Changed" (2009). 
"1969" was published in 2009 for the 40th anniversary of that year and was featured in a two-page story by Craig Wilson (columnist) in "USA Today". The book received positive reviews from the History (TV channel) Magazine, which called it "A compelling account of the historic year" and "Library Journal", which said, "In this compelling account, Kirkpatrick treats the tumultuous events of 1969 with the skills of a journalist, a historian, a sociologist, and a sportswriter and manages to insert moments of lightness and triviality into his grand tour." The book was serialized by both PopMatters and LOST Magazine. Following the publication of "1969", Kirkpatrick appeared as a commentator in the History channel documentary "Sex in '69: The Sexual Revolution in America".
2009 also saw the publication of trade paperback versions for his books on Travis and Springsteen. Following its paperback publication, "Magic in the Night" was praised by PopMatters as "A treasure trove for serious Springsteen fans," and The Irish Times said "It is always salutary to be reminded that no matter how much you think you know something, there is always someone who knows more. And when it comes to Bruce Springsteen...Rob Kirkpatrick knows more, a lot more." As part of his publicity for "Magic in the Night," the author appeared as a guest DJ on Sirius XM Radio's E Street Radio. 
Kirkpatrick occasionally writes about film, music, sports, and cultural issues for such online sites as The Huffington Post and PopMatters. In his Huffington Post pieces, he sometimes takes controversial viewpoints and participates in dialogue with post respondents. In 2011, he defended then-New York Mets shortstop José Reyes for leaving the final game of the regular season after clinching the National League batting average championship, and in another piece he argued against commissioner Bud Selig's controversial "All-Star Game rule", which awards home-field advantage in the World Series to the team representing the league that won the All-Star Game exhibition that summer. In his most responded-to piece, he addressed comments on race and sports by ESPN commentators Rob Parker (sports journalist) - whom Kirkpatrick argued had voiced reverse racism - and Jalen Rose - whose comments Kirkpatrick placed within a larger social narrative of Uncle Tom-ism and the acting white slur. Responding in an update to "one or two comments implied...white people are not allowed to speak about this issue," he argued: "If we followed the rule that we may only comment on things said by people who have similar skin colors, it doesn't seem conducive to any sort of public dialogue...And since Rose works for, chose to produce a documentary for, and gave multiple interviews to a network that might be labeled a mainstream 'white' network, it would seem disingenuous to say Rose was not inviting reaction from white commentators as well as black." He also noted, "I believe all the individuals I gave voice to by quoting in this piece would identify themselves as being black, not white."
Kirkpatrick's creative writing has been published by "Slow Trains Literary Journal" and "Aethlon: The Journal of Sport Literature". His critical writing has appeared in "The Hemingway Review" and "Rutgers College Quarterly."
Personal life.
In June 2013, Kirkpatrick married author and editor Toni Margarita Plummer at a ceremony in Garrison, New York. 
Selected works.
"" (Skyhorse, 2009; trade paperback, 2011)
"Magic in the Night: The Words and Music of Bruce Springsteen" (St. Martin's Griffin, trade paperback, 2009; published in hardcover with the title "The Words and Music of Bruce Springsteen" by Praeger, 2006)
"Cecil Travis of the Washington Senators: The War-Torn Career of an All-Star Shortstop" (U Nebraska/Bison, 2009)
"Epiphany at Coogan's Bluff," "Slow Trains Literary Journal" (2007).
"The Quotable Sixties" (as editor) (Lyons, 2006)
"Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Knuckleball," "Aethlon: The Journal of Sport Literature" (East Tennessee State University Press, 2005). 
"Two Ways to Use Film for Student Writing," "Approaches to Teaching Shakespeare's Hamlet", ed. by Bernice W. Kliman (MLA, 2002).
""Papa"" (review), "The Hemingway Review" (Fall 1996).
"The Three Faces of "Lolita"", "Rutgers College Quarterly" (Spring 1990).

</doc>
<doc id="20715140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715140" title="Data processing (disambiguation)">
Data processing (disambiguation)

Data processing most often refers to Computer data processing, computer processes that convert data into information or knowledge.
Data processing may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20715163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715163" title="Minamiōizumi, Nerima, Tokyo">
Minamiōizumi, Nerima, Tokyo

Geography.
Minamiōizumi is located in the western portion of Nerima. It borders Higashiōizumi (across the Shirako River) on the east; Shakujiidai and Sekimachikita on the south; Fujimachi, Nakamachi, Higashichō and Shimohōya of Nishitōkyō on the west; and Nishiōizumi on the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20715186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715186" title="José Adriosola Reyes y Mariano">
José Adriosola Reyes y Mariano

José Adriosola Reyes y Mariano (April 24, 1864 - May 17, 1922) was a Filipino revolutionary leader.
Biography.
He was born on April 24, 1864 at San Rafael, Bulacan to Maximo Adriosola Reyes and Valeriana Mariano. His parents were Maximo Adriosola Reyes, gobernadorcillo in 1863 and Valeriana Mariano. He married Socorro Kaingal of Bulacan, a teacher in a public school and the first president of the Cavite Women’s Club. He died on May 17, 1922. They had four children, Salvador, Augusto, Arturo and Minerva.
He was a freemason and the leader of the Balangay “Lintik” (Lightning) or Balangay 2 branch of the Masonic Katipunan at Barrio San Rafael, San Roque, Cavite. On September 6, 1896, he was among the 27 prominent Mason leaders or organizers who were arrested and detained in Fort San Felipe.
He also served as Commander in the second stage of the Philippine revolution and during the American regime he served as Justice of Peace.

</doc>
<doc id="20715193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715193" title="American Film Institute Awards 2008">
American Film Institute Awards 2008

The American Film Institute (AFI) Awards 2008 honored the best ten movies and ten television programs of the year.
Movies.
This was the second time that the Academy Award for Best Picture winner ("Slumdog Millionaire") was not honored as one of the year's top ten movies. However, it was ineligible for consideration since the AFI only considers American produced films in its deliberations and "Slumdog Millionaire" is a British film.

</doc>
<doc id="20715195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715195" title="World Business Forum">
World Business Forum

The World Business Forum is an annual global business summit held in New York City. A 2008 Burson-Marsteller survey ranks the World Business Forum among the world's top five most influential venues for CEO's and C-Suite executives. The event is organized by HSM, an executive education and management content firm.
Description.
The World Business Forum in New York City was officially launched in 2004. The yearly summit brings together over 5,000 attendees, consisting mostly of senior executives, from over 60 countries to hear the debate and discussions of top political and business leaders as well as renowned intellectuals about the current issues and challenges of the world business environment and global economy.
Participants.
Past speakers in the World Business Forum include political figures such as Bill Clinton, Kofi Annan, Rudy Giuliani, Tony Blair and Colin Powell, CEOs such as Jack Welch, Richard Branson, Herb Kelleher and John Chambers, financial experts Alan Greenspan and Jeremy Siegel as well as management experts Tom Peters, Peter Drucker and Michael Porter among others.
75% of attendees to the World Business Forum are at director level or above, and 30% are C-Suite executives.
Organizer.
The event is organized by HSM, an executive education and management content firm which has been holding business conferences globally for over 20 years under the names World Business Forum and ExpoManagement. In addition to the World Business Forum in New York, HSM organizes business forums around the world as well as other forums including the World Innovation Forum.
2012 World Business Forum.
The 2012 World Business Forum is being held at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on October 2–3, 2011 and features the following speakers:

</doc>
<doc id="20715196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715196" title="Northern Football Club">
Northern Football Club

Northern Football Club are a rugby union club that was founded in 1875, and is based in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne. Their strip is coloured navy Blue, Red and White. They currently play in North 1 East, the sixth tier of the English rugby union system.
History.
Northern Football Club was founded in 1875 as Elswick Football Club but was renamed in its second season changing the team's colours to red white and blue, which have remained the team strip throughout its history and is the oldest Rugby Football Club in Newcastle upon Tyne. 
Northern originally played at Mill Inn, Westgate but were forced to alternate playing grounds and remained without a 'home ground' for over 60 years. In 1937, McCracken Park was purchased and was officially named after the then Club President Angus McCracken and has operated at McCracken Park ever since. In 1956, squash courts were added to the club, with further courts added in 1974. On 18 December 1994, the present clubhouse was opened at a cost of £1 million.
Northern Football Club was very successful during its early history, producing several international players. The first player to be capped directly from the club was England half back Mason Scott in 1890. In its 125 year history Northern has also supplied Presidents of the Rugby Football Union and the Scottish Rugby Union. In its early history the club would regularly put out six teams plus a Youth and a veterans side.
During the late 19th century, William Cail, the Northern FC President, became the president of the RFU (1892–1894) during the time of the split between the RFU and the Northern Union.
The last player capped at international level directly from Northern was Feidlim McLoughlin, who was selected to play for Ireland in 1977. Though many players have played for Northern who have later become international players and, including Jonathan Webb, Brian Keen, David Rees and Colin White for England, Scott Hastings and Jim Pollock for Scotland and Hennie le Roux for South Africa. A past player of note is John Elders, who also coached the Senior XV also coached England in the 1970s. Elders was the first coach to take an England side to South Africa and win a test match.
Northern's local rivals are Gosforth RFC. In season 1998–99 Northern were narrowly beaten by Doncaster R.F.C. for promotion to the National Leagues.
Youth team.
Northern FC run youth teams for 13 – 17 year olds, playing fixtures primarily throughout the North East but also traveling further afield to compete in tournaments, including the Lexus Tournament in Glasgow and the Harrogate Tournament. Youth rugby in Northern is played on full size pitches with full 15 a-side teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20715202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715202" title="Duet (2006 film)">
Duet (2006 film)

Duet is an 2006 Iranian short mockumentary film, shot in Damavand, Iran and written and directed by Iranian born filmmaker Kiarash Anvari.
Plot.
A retired veteran of the 8 year Iran-Iraq war, paralyzed from injuries suffered in that conflict, struggles to bring peace to the world through a miracle after the attacks on the World Trade Center in September 2001. The ritual he performs depends on the help of his brother... a man who does not believe in miracles.
Festivals.
The film has had multiple international screenings since its release: Palm Springs International Short Film Festival (2006), the 13th annual Bite The Mango Film Festival in 2007, the 5th Matsalu Nature Film Festival in 2007, and the 5th Signes de Nuit International Film Festival in Paris in 2007

</doc>
<doc id="20715261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715261" title="LoftLife (magazine)">
LoftLife (magazine)

LoftLife is an American magazine devoted to urban shelter and design. It was launched in May 2008 by Northeast-based equity firm Modern Holdings Inc. 
The concept for "LoftLife" was originally envisioned by Modern Holdings and a group of MBA students at Vanderbilt University, including subsequent publisher Joe Resudek.
The original vision was that of magazine that would become the "Loftstyle Guide to Life in the City". LoftLife's first issue was published in a run of 25,000 copies and was only distributed in the selected Atlanta, Georgia test market. "LoftLife" maintains a regional office in Atlanta's Grant Park neighborhood, but has its main offices in New York City's Chelsea neighborhood.
References.
Ryder, Erin (2008-5-14) "LoftLife Magazine Launches In Atlanta" "PR Newswire" United Business Media
Ryder, Erin (2009-7-14) "LoftLife Releases Summer 2009 Issue on Newsstands Nationally" "PR Newswire" United Business Media

</doc>
<doc id="20715267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715267" title="Ficlets">
Ficlets

Ficlets is a non-commercial AOL community website dedicated to publishing and archiving ficlets, which are similar to flash fiction. It was founded on 31 October 2006 by Kevin Lawver, though it did not become fully operational until early to mid-March 2007. On 6 June 2008, Lawver severed his employment from AOL and, in turn, departed as system administrator for Ficlets. No new administrator was announced to replace Lawver, leaving the respective duties for the site unmaintained.
On 2 December 2008, it was announced on the People Connection Blog that Ficlets would permanently be closed as of 15 January 2009. On 6 December 2008, a banner was placed at the header of Ficlets pages that announced the closure of the site and a pop-up window was added to the main page that read “Ficlets is going away soon :(". Lawver attempted to save the site to no avail, so he began a "Ficlets Graveyard" to archive all the ficlets written prior to the closing of the site.
Lawver announced on 10 January 2009 that, with the help of Ficlets.com programmer Jason Garber and design team Viget Labs, a replacement site entitled Ficly.com would be launched. At the time of the announcement, the Ficly front page consisted of a logo (subtitling the format "A better, shorter story"), a statement of not being active yet, and a form to sign up an e-mail address for notification of the official launch. Lawver stated that the Ficly.com team is "slowly making progress" in constructing the site, referencing the possible launch date as "maybe by ficlets' 2nd birthday at the beginning of March".
All content on ficlets.com was licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.5 license and viewable to any patron of the site. Users who completed the free registration process could submit their own ficlets (either completely original, inspired by a Creative Commons-licensed Flickr image, or as a prequel or sequel to another's ficlet), host a draft of a ficlet in progress which was not viewable by others, maintain a user profile, comment on and rate other's stories, contact other users via private messages, and maintain a list of favorite ficlet authors and stories. There was also a Ficlets blog wherein Lawver and science fiction author John Scalzi posted entries in an assortment of categories, including Book Tour Diaries, a Ficlets Spotlight, and interviews with published authors. For registration, the site accepted OpenID and AOL/AIM screen names.
Creation.
The site was created in late 2006 by AOL system architect and lead developer Kevin Lawver, who handled the back end website programming, as a repository for ficlets. The concept for the site originated with Lawver being a "frustrated writer", unable to find the time to complete a fictional work; as an alternative, he conceived ficlets — a format that allowed a work to be written in "five or ten minutes at work during lunch or a break" and the site was to provide "inspiration" via "pictures, phrases or other stories" as well as circumventing, through the prequel or sequel option, having "to start from scratch when I had time to write". The name of the site and fiction form were derived from a unison of words: fiction and chiclets, specifically the "lets" part of the later meant to indicate "a small version of".
An additional four person AOL developer team provided time and effort in the creation of the website:
Science fiction author John Scalzi was a principal contributor to the site from its launch as a blogger, though he departed that position at the end of 2007.
Content.
The site hosted "ficlets", not strictly linear "very" short stories between 64- and 1,024-bytes in length. Ficlets are modular in that each is intended, but not required, to be a stand-alone story but once posted any registered user could continue the narrative thread by writing an indefinite number of prequels or sequels to the ficlet. All ficlets are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.5 License.
Mature Content was allowed within ficlet stories, but explicit pornography, obscenity and "hate speech" were banned. Ficlet stories with mature content were required to be designated as such, thus allowing only registered users who opted to view mature content the ability to read the stories. The use of the intellectual property of others, such as fan fiction allow, was likewise banned from Ficlets. The use of real people was also forbidden in ficlet stories, unless they were public figures, although slanderous or libelous remarks directed at those public figures were prohibited.
As of 4 January 2009, the site hosted almost 49,000 ficlet stories, over 80,000 comments on those stories, and had in excess of 10,000 registered members.
Notable contributors.
Several published authors, aside from blog contributor and science fiction author John Scalzi, participated on the site with original content. These included:
Awards.
In 2008, Ficlets was a Gold Award Winner in the category of Social/Networking from W3 Awards.
In March 2008, Ficlets won the CSS category and was nominated for the Community category of the SxSW Web Awards.
Critical reception.
Within the site's first week of operation it had received nearly 400 blog posts regarding it, including a solicitation for new users from Boing Boing. Mike Linksvayer of Creative Commons was particularly "excited" with the creation and usage of the site. On 6 and 9 February 2008, the CBC radio show Spark ran a profile on Ficlets, including an interview with Kevin Lawver and the reading of two ficlets from the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20715290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715290" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1931–1934">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1931–1934

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 9 May 1931 election and the 9 June 1934 election. The 1931 election produced a landslide victory for the Nationalists, in what turned out to be the non-Labor parties' last term in office until 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20715298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715298" title="Pola de Siero">
Pola de Siero

Pola de Siero (Asturian or Bable: La Pola or La Pola Siero) is a town in the autonomous community of Asturias on the north coast of the Kingdom of Spain. It is the administrative capital of the municipality(concejo) of Siero. Pola de Siero is located in the centre of Asturias, approximately 16 km east of the regional Capital Oviedo and 16 km south of Gijón.
Siero borders on the municipalities of Gijón, to the north, Langreo and San Martín del Rey Aurelio, to the south, Llanera and Oviedo, to the west, and Sariego, Nava and Bimenes,to the east. It entirely surrounds the municipality of Noreña and touches Villaviciosa at one point: La Peña de los Cuatro Jueces (The Mount of the Four Judges)
According to the Instituto Nacional de Estadística (Spain), Pola de Siero has a population of 12,615 making it the largest population centre in the municipality and the seventh largest in Asturias.
Pola de Siero was founded by a charter of King Alfonso X in 1270. On the site prior to that date there was a hostel which provided accommodation and sustenance for pilgrims travelling the Way of St. James (Camino de Santiago), en route to or from Santiago de Compostela.
The charter allowed the formation of the town, imposed an annual tax on the inhabitants to be paid to the crown, and granted them a license to hold a weekly market in the town square, Plaza les Campes. This market, a feature of Pola de Siero which continues, every Tuesday, to this day; was the decisive factor in the development of the town. With the market, the town became the focal point of a large rural area of fertile land, and thereafter other commercial and administrative functions followed.

</doc>
<doc id="20715308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715308" title="Amardaha">
Amardaha

Amardaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,361 people living in 2341 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715310" title="Chanoch Henoch Bornsztain">
Chanoch Henoch Bornsztain

Chanoch Henoch Bornsztain (died 23 September 1965), also spelled Borenstein or Bernstein, was the fourth Rebbe of the Sochatchov Hasidic dynasty. He acceded to the position of Rebbe following the death of his older brother, Rabbi Dovid Bornsztain, the third Sochatchover Rebbe, who died in the Warsaw Ghetto during the Holocaust. Rabbi Dovid's children were also killed during the Holocaust, leaving no survivors. As Rabbi Chanoch Henoch had moved to Palestine and established a beth midrash in Jerusalem during the 1920s, his assumption of the title of Admor relocated the Sochatchover dynasty from its home in Poland to the new state of Israel, where it flourishes to this day.
Biography.
Chanoch Henoch was the second son of Rabbi Shmuel Bornsztain, the Second Sochatchover Rebbe, and his wife, Yuta Leah. He grew up in the presence of his illustrious grandfather, Rabbi Avrohom Bornsztain, also known as the "Avnei Nezer", who founded the Sochatchover dynasty.
In 1924, Rabbi Chanoch accompanied his brother Rabbi Dovid to Palestine for the purpose of acquiring land to establish a Hasidic settlement. Rabbi Dovid put a down payment on a plot of land south of Ramle. When he returned to Poland to raise the rest of the money, however, his plan was thwarted by an economic depression that hit Poland shortly after his return. He eventually lost his rights to the land, as well as the money he had invested in it. 
Meanwhile, Rabbi Chanoch stayed in Jerusalem, living first in the Bucharim neighborhood and then settling in the new Bayit VeGan neighborhood, where he established a beth midrash (study hall).
Upon the death of their father, the Second Sochatchover Rebbe, in 1926, Rabbi Dovid acceded to the leadership of the Sochatchover Hasidim, while Rabbi Chanoch continued to live and study in Palestine.
After World War II, when Rabbi Chanoch heard about the death of his brother in the Warsaw Ghetto, he was inconsolable. Later, he accepted the request of the Sochatchover Hasidim to be their leader. He established his court in Jerusalem, preferring to remain in that city even during the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, when his followers in Tel Aviv urged him to join him there.
Rabbi Chanoch led the Hasidut until his death on 23 September 1965 (26 Elul 5725). He is buried on Har HaMenuchot in Jerusalem.
His son, Rabbi Menachem Shlomo Bornsztain, succeeded him as Rebbe.

</doc>
<doc id="20715320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715320" title="Amgachhi">
Amgachhi

Amgachhi is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 5,203 people living in 1,179 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715325" title="April DeConick">
April DeConick

April D. DeConick is the Isla Carroll and Percy E. Turner Professor of Biblical Studies at Rice University, Texas and is a historian of early Jewish and Christian thought. 
DeConick received her PhD in Near Eastern Studies at The University of Michigan in 1994. She is the author of several books on early Christian thought, and in particular the Gospel of Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="20715331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715331" title="Babiya Birta">
Babiya Birta

Babiya Birta is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,979 people living in 2476 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715337" title="Bahuni">
Bahuni

Bahuni is a Village Development Committee in Morang District in the Koshi Zone of South-Eastern Nepal. With reference to National Population and Housing Census, 2011, it had a population of 12,180 people living in 2,810 individual households. Among the total population, 5,649 are Males while 6,531 are Females. The population Density is 317 per Km Square.

</doc>
<doc id="20715346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715346" title="Bairban">
Bairban

Bairban is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 19,246 people living in 3621 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715356" title="Banigama">
Banigama

Banigama is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6748 people living in 1280 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715363" title="Baradanga">
Baradanga

Baradanga is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7194 people living in 1456 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715370" title="Samuel Damon">
Samuel Damon

Samuel Damon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20715372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715372" title="Bayarban">
Bayarban

Bayarban is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 20,230.

</doc>
<doc id="20715376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715376" title="Bacchanal (album)">
Bacchanal (album)

Bacchanal is a 1968 album by Gábor Szabó, released on the label he founded with Cal Tjader and Gary McFarland, Skye Records

</doc>
<doc id="20715383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715383" title="The Gully Jumpers">
The Gully Jumpers

The Gully Jumpers were an American Old-time string band originally consisting of bandleader Paul Warmack (1889–1954) on mandolin, Charles Arrington (1893-?) on fiddle, Burt Hutcherson (1893–1980) on guitar, and William Roy Hardison (1896–1966) on banjo. They were regular performers on the Grand Ole Opry in the late 1920s and are believed to have been the first group to release a record recorded in Nashville, Tennessee. Although their line-up changed over the years, the Gully Jumpers continued performing until the mid-1960s. 
Warmack, the bandleader (the band was initially known as "Paul Warmack and His Gully Jumpers"), was born in Whites Creek in 1889 and was working as an automobile mechanic in Goodlettesville when he formed the Gully Jumpers around 1927. The band's name was suggested by Opry founder George D. Hay, who often gave the Opry's early string bands more colorful, rural-sounding names. In 1928, the Gully Jumpers were one of the Opry's most consistent acts, appearing on the show more times than any other group. That same year, they released the first record recorded in Nashville, which contained two tracks entitled "The Tennessee Waltz" (not to be confused with the more famous Pee Wee King song) and "Little Red Caboose Behind the Train." In October 1928, they recorded "Stone Rag", which was written by Humphrey Bate and His Possum Hunters fiddler Oscar Stone, and a tune entitled "Robertson County."
In spite of the losses of Warmack and Arrington, the Gully Jumpers continued performing on the Opry into the 1960s. Fellow Opry pioneers such as Sid Harkreader and Kirk McGee often stepped in to play fiddle for the band in place of Arrington. Hutcherson, who was the last surviving original member of the band when he died in 1980, was a pioneer of the finger-picked guitar style, and was cited as a key influence by long-time Opry guitarist Sam McGee and early Country music star "Mother Maybelle" Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="20715385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715385" title="Belbari">
Belbari

Belbari is a VDC in Morang district of Kosi Zone, southeastern Nepal. The 1991 Nepal census counted a population of 15,154 in 2,826 households.
References.
Kunti Gurung

</doc>
<doc id="20715388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715388" title="Bhaudaha, Kosi">
Bhaudaha, Kosi

Bhaudaha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4743 people living in 876 individual households.
It is situated to the northeast of Biratnagar town. There are no major trade centres in the VDC, as it lies off the main road, although it is close to the major market centres of Jhorahat to the west and Naya Bazaar to the south. It is mostly an agricultural area, although there are some minor industries such as brick kilns, and a large number of residents work in the industrial belt between Biratnagar and Rangeli. Handicrafts which originate in the area include traditional woven mats, which are available at local markets or in Biratnagar bazaar.
The Judi khola cuts through the VDC from north to south, providing a source of irrigation, although the VDC also lies towards the tail end of the Sunsari-Morang canal network. 
Bhaudaha is home predominantly to the Batar community, although there is a sizeable Rajbanshi community in Sitpur to the north and a large Jhagar community in the south. As across Morang district, there are a number of other Nepali and Maithili speaking castes present in smaller numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20715390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715390" title="John Stainburn">
John Stainburn

John Stainburn is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, and coach of the 1990s, playing at club level for Shaw Cross Sharks ARLFC [http://www.pitchero.com/clubs/shawcrosssharksarlfc1947][http://www.shawxsharks.com], Batley, and Batley Victoria ARLFC, as a , i.e. number 7, and coaching at club level for Batley Victoria ARLFC.
Testimonial Match.
John Stainburn's Testimonial match at Batley took place in 1993.
Contemporaneous Article Extract.
"John Stainburn "Scrum-half. A product of the prolific Heavy Woollen Amateurs (Shaw Cross ARLFC), nuggety scrum-half Stainburn has some memorable performances at Mount Pleasant to his name, although he struggled to hold a regular first team place in 1990-91. The previous season he played 33 senior games for Batley, kicking 42 goals, six drops and scoring one try."" 

</doc>
<doc id="20715406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715406" title="Bhogateni">
Bhogateni

Bhogateni is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4182 people living in 708 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715407" title="Woodlands-junior.kent.sch.uk">
Woodlands-junior.kent.sch.uk

woodlands-junior.kent.sch.uk is the website of Woodlands Junior School in Tonbridge, Kent. According to the Times Educational Supplement, it is the most visited school website in the United Kingdom, and regularly ranks highly in internet search engines. In October 2008, it was visited by over three million people.

</doc>
<doc id="20715409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715409" title="Alexandra Fiord">
Alexandra Fiord

Alexandra Fjord is a natural inlet on the Johan Peninsula of Ellesmere Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. To the east, it opens into Buchanan Bay. 
History.
From 1953 to 1963, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police had a station at Alexandra Fjord which, at the time, was the northern-most police station in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20715415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715415" title="Guozijian (Beijing)">
Guozijian (Beijing)

The Beijing Guozijian (), located at the Guozijian (Chengxian) Street in Beijing, China, was the imperial college (Guozijian) during the Yuan, Ming and Qing dynasties, and the last Guozijian of China. Most of the Beijing Guozijian's buildings were built during the Ming Dynasty and it remains an important heritage site in China. During the Hundred Days' Reform of the Qing Dynasty, the education and administration of education functions of Guozijian was mainly replaced by the Imperial Capital University (also translated as Imperial University of Peking), later known as Peking University. In 1905, Guozijian was finally shut down.
The "Guozijian", often translated into English as the Imperial Academy or Imperial College was the national central institute of learning in ancient Chinese dynasties. It was the highest institute of learning in China's traditional educational system. Emperors in imperial China would also frequently visit the Guozijian to read Confucian classics to thousands of students.
History.
The Guozijian was first built in 1306 during the 24th year of Zhiyuan Reign of the Yuan Dynasty, and was reconstructed and renovated on a large scale during Yongle and Zhengtong reigns of the Ming Dynasty.
The administrative officials of Guozijian were called Chief (, "Jìjiǔ"), Dean of Studies (, "Sīyè"), or Proctor (, "Jiānchéng"). The students who studied at the Guozijian were called "Jiansheng" (, "Jiànshēng"), and they mainly studied the Confucian classics.
Location and layout.
The Guozijian is situated at the central area of the Guozijian Street and adjoining several other well known imperial structures of Beijing, and the complex of Guozijian accords with the Chinese tradition which dictates that the temple should be on the "left" and the school or college on the "right". To the east of the Guozijian, lies the Confucius Temple, the second largest Confucius temples in all of China and the Yonghegong Temple, the largest Lama Temple in Beijing.
The whole complex of Guozijian faces south, and it has a total building area of more than 10,000 square meters or 107,639 square feet. Along the central axis of Guozijian are the Jixian Gate (the front gate), Taixue Gate (the second gate), the Glazed Archway, Biyong, Yiluntang, and Jingyiting (Jingyi Pavilion). On its east and west sides are the six halls and palaces in the traditional symmetrical layout.

</doc>
<doc id="20715416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715416" title="Margarita machine">
Margarita machine

A margarita machine is a margarita dispensing device. A margarita mix, traditionally lime flavored, is put in a refrigerated container with a spinning agitator. The user is able to dispense margaritas in such a device for extended periods of time, usually up to 12 hours, without losing any quality in the taste of the margaritas. A margarita machine may be purchased in its finished form or built from cooler with special equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="20715421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715421" title="Budhanagar">
Budhanagar

Budhanagar is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9310 people living in 1746 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715428" title="Dainiya">
Dainiya

Dainiya is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9551 people living in 2012 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715439" title="Dangihat">
Dangihat

Dangihat is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 15,639 people living in 2992 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715443" title="Menachem Shlomo Bornsztain">
Menachem Shlomo Bornsztain

Menachem Shlomo Bornsztain (11 October 1934–10 August 1969), also spelled Borenstein, Bornstein, or Bernstein, was the fifth Rebbe of the Sochatchov Hasidic dynasty. He acceded to the position of Rebbe following the death of his father, Rabbi Chanoch Henoch Bornsztain, the fourth Rebbe of Sochatchov. He was officially known as the Sochatchover-Radomsker Rebbe, having also accepted the leadership of the Radomsk Hasidic dynasty upon the request of its surviving Hasidim, whose leaders had been murdered in the Holocaust. He served as Rebbe for only four years; he was killed in a traffic accident at the age of 34.
Early life.
Bornsztain's father, Rabbi Chanoch Henoch, was the son of Rabbi Shmuel Bornsztain, the "Shem MiShmuel", and the grandson of the Avnei Nezer, founder of the Sochatchover dynasty. His mother, Freidel, was a daughter of Rabbi Noson Nochum of Krimelov and a granddaughter of the "Kenesses Yechezkel" of Radomsk. At his brit milah, which was delayed until his sixth week of life due to illness, he was named Menachem Shlomo after his paternal great-grandfather, Rabbi Menachem Mendel of Kotzk, and his maternal ancestor, Rabbi Shlomo Hakohen Rabinowicz, the "Tiferes Shlomo" of Radomsk.
As a young child, Bornsztain was noted for his clever mind and ability to express himself. He attended a private Talmud Torah in Jerusalem and became a student at the Knesses Chizkiyahu yeshiva in Zikhron Ya'akov in 1950, where he showed great diligence in his Torah learning. The rosh yeshiva, Rabbi Noah Shimonowitz, arranged "chavrusos" for him with the yeshiva's top students, as well as with the rosh yeshiva himself, to develop young Bornsztain's abilities. Two years later, when Rabbi Elyah Lopian entered the yeshiva as Mashgiach Ruchani, Bornsztain developed a very close relationship with this Mussar giant.
Marriage.
Bornsztain married the daughter of Rabbi Daniel Movshowitz, one of the rabbis of Tel Aviv. Thereafter, his father, the Sochatchover Rebbe, who lived in Jerusalem, dispatched him to Tel Aviv in order to oversee the Sochatchover shtiebel there. Bornsztain moved to Tel Aviv and learned in Kollel Beis Yehudah, led by Rabbi Michel Feinstein, the son-in-law of the Brisker Rav. In 1960, he was officially appointed Rav of the Sochatchover shteibel on Rashi Street in Tel Aviv.
As Rav of the Sochatchover shtiebel, Bornsztain established times for Torah "shiurim", most of which he delivered himself, drawing large crowds from throughout the neighborhood. He also worked to convince secular families to send their children to yeshivas. He was known to spend countless hours dispensing solace and advice to people who came to him with their troubles. When the Rav of Tel Aviv's Yad Eliyahu neighborhood died suddenly during Hanukkah 1963, a new leader was sought to lead and unite the various factions in the neighborhood. Although he was only 30 years old, Bornsztain was unanimously selected for the post after delivering a brilliant speech in the local synagogue. He was inducted on 6 January 1965 in a festive ceremony. His father, Rabbi Chanoch Henoch, was unable to attend due to poor health.
As Rav of the Yad Eliyahu neighborhood, Bornsztain supervised the renovation of old shuls, the expansion of Torah "shiurim", and the establishment of tzedakah and chesed organizations. At the same time, Bornsztain was chosen to lead Kollel Keser Torah Radomsk in Bnei Brak, named after the network of 36 yeshivas in pre-war Poland established by the fourth Radomsker Rebbe and headed by Bornsztain's uncle, Rabbi David Moshe Hakohen Rabinowicz, who had been murdered in the Warsaw Ghetto. He assumed this position on 3 May 1965, commuting daily between Tel Aviv and Bnei Brak.
Becoming Rebbe.
With the sudden death of his father, Rabbi Chanoch Henoch, on 23 September 1965, Rabbi Menachem Shlomo was asked by the Sochatchover Hasidim to become their Rebbe. Although he initially refused, he eventually agreed to be crowned as the fifth Rebbe of the dynasty. As a descendant of the Radomsker dynasty (his grandfather, the Second Sochatchover Rebbe, Rabbi Shmuel Bornsztain, had married the granddaughter of the First Radomsker Rebbe, Shlomo Rabinowicz), Bornsztain was also asked by the Radomsker Hasidim who had survived the Holocaust to become their Rebbe as well. After consulting with gedolei Torah, Bornsztain officially became known as the Sochatchover-Radomsker Rebbe.
His first move as Rebbe was to establish a yeshiva where he himself gave "shiurim". He gave himself over completely to his Hasidim, his students, and the community at large.
On 10 August 1969 (26 Av 5729), Bornsztain was traveling home by taxi from a visit to an elderly Hasid hospitalized at Tel HaShomer. An army vehicle crashed into his car head-on, throwing Bornsztain from the cab. Twenty-four hours later, he died of his injuries. He left behind his Rebbetzin and children, all under the age of bar mitzvah.
A few years after his death, his Hasidim crowned his eldest son, Shmuel, as the sixth Sochatchover Rebbe. His second son, Avrohom Nosson Bornsztain, was appointed as Rav of the Radomsker shul in Bnei Brak.

</doc>
<doc id="20715444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715444" title="Xochitecatl">
Xochitecatl

Xochitecatl is a pre-Columbian archaeological site located in the Mexican State of Tlaxcala, 18 km southwest of Tlaxcala city. The major architecture dates to the Middle Preclassic Period (1000–400 BC) but occupation continued, with one major interruption, until the Late Classic, when the site was abandoned, although there is evidence of ritual activity dating to the Postclassic and Colonial Periods. The ruins cover an area of 12 hectares on top of a volcanic dome.
Xochitecatl, unlike other contemporary sites, appears to have been a purely ceremonial centre for a population dispersed through the surrounding countryside rather than the centre of an urban area.
Etymology.
"Xochitecatl" is formed from two Nahuatl words, "xōchitl" (flower) and "tecatl" (person), hence "the person of flowers" or "the lineage of flowers".
Location.
Xochitecatl is located in a dominant position upon the summit of a 4 km-wide extinct volcano that forms a range of hills that rises approximately 200 meters above the floor of the Puebla-Tlaxcala Valley; the so-called Atlachino-Nativitas-Xochitecatl block, which is located in the centre of the valley. Xochitecatl has clear views across the surrounding valleys to the neighbouring volcanoes of Popocatepetl, Iztaccihuatl and La Malinche. The rivers Atoyac and Zahuapan flow close to the site. The site is the focal point of an area distinguished by its high agricultural productivity.
Xochitecatl lies 1 km west of, and within sight of, the contemporary Classic Period site of Cacaxtla, distinguished by its famous painted murals in Maya style. Xochitecatl is located 500m north of the modern town of Xochitecatitla and the same distance to the southeast of Atoyatenco.
History.
Preclassic Period.
Around 800 BC, during the Middle Preclassic Period, the construction of Xochitecatl was begun with the construction of the Pyramid of Flowers, the Spiral Building and the Serpent Building.
In the period from 550 BC to 400 BC, further structures were added to these existing buildings. By the period spanning 350 BC to 100 AD, Xochitecatl had become the centre of a powerful chiefdom exercising control over a large portion of western Tlaxcala.
From 200 BC to 150 BC the Pyramid of Flowers was greatly expanded and further modifications took place at the Serpent Building. The site was abandoned in approximately 150 AD, after an eruption of Popocatepetl volcano.
Epiclassic (or Late Classic) Period.
Between 600 AD and 950 AD Xochitecatl was reoccupied when parts of the site were reused as a secondary ceremonial centre within the extended urban area of Cacaxtla. The Platform of the Volcanoes was built and the Pyramid of Flowers became the centre of ritual activity including the sacrifice of children.
About 950 AD both Xochitecatl and Cacaxtla were abandoned, although there is evidence of continued ritual activity in the Postclassic Period.
Modern history.
Major excavations were undertaken at the site in 1993-4 by Mari Carmen Serra Puche with the goal of exploring the principal structures around the site core. In the course of these investigations two obsidian workshops were uncovered; in the Pyramid of Flowers (Building E1) and the Serpent Building (Building E2).
Site description.
The ceremonial centre of Xochitecatl lies around two plazas surrounded by the principle structures. Around the main plaza are located the Pyramid of Flowers, the Serpent Building and the Platform of the Volcanoes. The western plaza is bordered by the Spiral Building.
The Pyramid of Flowers.
"(Pirámide de las Flores in Spanish, designated as Building E1)"
This structure was built during the Preclassic Period but shows evidence of use right up to the Spanish Colonial Period. The base of the pyramid measures 100 meters by 140 meters, a similar size to that of the Pyramid of the Moon in Teotihuacan. Inside were found the burials of more than 30 children and one adult accompanied by offerings. Beads of green stone were deposited in the mouths of some of the children in order to accompany them on their journey to the underworld.
Upon the stairway giving access to the upper part of the building were deposited offerings that included more than 2000 clay figurines and 15 stone sculptures representing both humans and animals. The distinguishing feature of the figurines is the great quantity of figures that represent females from infancy right through to old age, including babies, richly-dressed women and pregnant women. Some figurines represent women with an opening in the abdomen containing richly dressed babies. Others show mothers carrying their children in their arms or upon their backs. The figurines are richly detailed, giving a glimpse of the daily attire in pre-Columbian times. Some of the women represented are wearing pleated skirts or skirts decorated with geometric designs such as lines, stripes, circles and dots; some figurines wear blouses ("quezquemetl") which are similarly decorated. Some of the women wear coloured bows in their hair while others are adorned with four- or five-petalled flowers.
A stairway ascends the pyramid, before it stand two large monolithic basins, one measuring 1.7 meters in diameter. Four sculptures were found deposited in the larger basin; a sculpture of a toad, a sculpture of a mythological serpent desgorging a human face from its open jaws and two sculptures of human faces.
During excavations on the Pyramid of Flowers, more than two hundred grey, black and green obsidian projectile points were recovered, together with hundreds of fragments of the same stone. More than twenty stone sculptures were also recovered, the majority of which were mutilated; these include animal sculptures such as a canine, an amphibian and a monkey; there are also anthropomorphic and mythological sculptures, such as a sculpture that represents a fleshless human face with the body of a rattlesnake and has been linked by investigators with local folklore of the goddess Xochitl, who takes the form of a beautiful woman but who can transform into a snake.
Each year on 29 September the sun rises directly from the mouth of the La Malinche volcano, as seen from the summit of the Pyramid of Flowers. This date coincides with the annual festival at nearby San Miguel el Milagro, just under 2 km away to the east.
The Serpent Building.
"(Edificio de la Serpiente in Spanish, designated as Building E2)"
This building dates from around 700 BC (in the Preclassic Period) and measures 80 meters by 50 meters. A monolithic stone basin measuring 1.3 meters across and 60 cm high is found on top of the structure. A mutilated stela was deposited inside, bearing the carving of a snake's fangs and forked tongue. To the north of this were found two stone sculptures; one of a man dressed as a jaguar and the other of a man with pronounced forehead and lips holding a sceptre or staff in his right hand. A room was built at ground level against the west side of the Serpent Building. Large amounts of worked obsidian were found in the northeast corner of this building, indicating that it was probably used as a workshop. Items found include cores, stone chippings, knives, projectile points and scrapers as well as bone tools and antlers. Associated ceramic remains were used to date these finds to the Late Preclassic (350 BC – 100 AD).
Originally the Serpent Building was a square structure with the only means of access being a stairway on the north side. Later the building was expanded to the east with the addition of another platform. At the same time the north stairway was blocked off and a new stairway was built using "tepetate" covered with mud.
The Spiral Building.
"(Edificio de la Espiral in Spanish, designated as Building E3)"
This circular stepped pyramid lies on the western side of the ceremonial centre and was built around 700 BC, in the Preclassic Period. Due to its location on the hillside the western side of the pyramid has more levels than the eastern side. No trace of internal structures was found during excavation, the interior of the structure consisting of volcanic ash. The building has no stairway giving access to the top, it was climbed by following the spiral form of the building itself. A Christian cross was placed on top of the structure in 1632 AD, about 90 years after the Spanish Conquest, and remains in place to this day. Two burials were found in the structure, which was probably a temple to Ehecatl, the god of wind.
The Platform of the Volcanoes.
"(Basamento de los Volcanes in Spanish, designated as Building E4)"
This structure lies in the middle of the central plaza and is oriented north-south. The building measures 50 meters along its north-south axis and is 35 meters wide. Construction began in the Middle Preclassic, the building was then reused during the Classic Period, thus producing two phases of architecture. More than two hundred figurines representing the female form were recovered from this structure during the 1960s by German archaeologist Bodo Spranz. Of particular interest was a figurine representing a flayed female and identified as the goddess Tlazolteotl.
The earliest phase of construction, including the east and west stairways, is built from "tepetate" overlaid with mud. The second phase reused the earlier stone walls, which were then covered with stucco. As at Teotihuacan, this building deviates 16 degrees from magnetic north, this is particularly evident with the earlier construction phase. A looted offering consistent with the interment of the remains of human infants was found in the upper part of this platform.
Xochitecatl is in the care of the Instituto Nacional de Antropología e Historia ("National Institute of Anthropology and History") and is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20715447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715447" title="Jhapa Baijanathpur">
Jhapa Baijanathpur

Jhapa Baijanathpur is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3660 people living in 744 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715449" title="Robert Knox (bishop)">
Robert Knox (bishop)

Robert Bent Knox DD LLD (born 25 September 1808, died 23 October 1893) was the Church of Ireland Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore from 1849 to 1886, and then Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland from 1886 until his death.
Early life.
Born in 1808 at Dungannon Park, County Tyrone, the country seat of his grandfather, Thomas Knox, first Viscount Northland (d. 1818), Knox was the second son of the Hon. Charles Knox (d. 1825), archdeacon of Armagh, and his wife, Hannah, the daughter of Robert Bent MP.
Educated at Trinity College, Dublin, he took the degree of Bachelor of Arts at the age of twenty-one, then graduated MA in 1834. He was also awarded the degree of Doctor of Laws by Cambridge in 1888.
Career.
In 1832, Knox was ordained deacon and priest by Bishop Beresford of Kilmore. On 7 May 1834 he became chancellor of Ardfert. On 16 October 1841 he was collated as prebendary of St Munchin's, Limerick, by his uncle Edmund Knox, Bishop of Limerick, who also made him his domestic chaplain.
In 1849 he became a Doctor of Divinity and was appointed Bishop of Down, Connor and Dromore. In 1886, he was created Archbishop of Armagh. He was succeeded in Down, Connor and Dromore by William Reeves.
Knox was nominated to the see of Down, Connor, and Dromore by George Villiers, 4th Earl of Clarendon, at the time Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. Samuel Wilberforce later reported in his diary for 26 August 1861, some gossip about this appointment; James Henthorn Todd had said of Knox that he was "…very foolish, without learning, piety, judgment, conduct, sense, appointed by a job, that his uncle should resign Limerick", while Anthony La Touche Kirwan (Dean of Limerick, died 1868), said that Knox "…used, when made to preach by his uncle, to get me to write his sermon, and could not deliver it".
Nevertheless, Knox was the author of various ecclesiastical and secular works.
Knox made no secret of his view that disestablishment in Ireland was inevitable. As Bishop of Down, Connor, and Dromore, he hoped to build a new cathedral in Belfast, but abandoned this plan in favour of another, to increase the number of churches of the united diocese. He founded the Belfast Church Extension Society in 1862 and through it achieved forty-eight new or enlarged churches. He organized diocesan conferences and founded a Diocesan Board of Missions. In 1867, in the House of Lords, he proposed a reduction of the hierarchy of the Church of Ireland to just one archbishop and five bishops. In person, he was quiet and restrained, pragmatic and frank, and an able administrator and an effective speaker.
Following the death of Marcus Gervais Beresford, Archbishop of Armagh, on 26 December 1885, Knox was chosen as his successor. As president of the General Synod of the Irish church he was seen as fair and moderate. He died at the archbishop's palace, Armagh, on 23 October 1893, and was buried on 27 October in the old ruined church at Holywood.
Family.
On 5 October 1842, Knox married Catherine Delia FitzGibbon, daughter of Thomas Gibbon FitzGibbon of Ballyseeda, County Limerick. They had three sons, including Charles Edmond Knox, who became a lieutenant-general of the British Army, and also two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20715456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715456" title="Dangraha">
Dangraha

Dangraha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3949 people living in 779 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715457" title="You Are Love">
You Are Love

You Are Love is a song by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II from their classic 1927 musical play "Show Boat". It is sung twice in the show - first, by Magnolia Hawks, the heroine, and riverboat gambler Gaylord Ravenal when they agree to marry near the end of Act I, and again in the penultimate scene of Act II by Ravenal when he returns to Magnolia after having deserted her for twenty-three years. 
Some productions, notably the 1936 film version of the show, shift the song's Act II reprise to the show's final scene. (Both Magnolia and Ravenal sing the reprise in the film.) In the 1951 film version of the musical, the song is sung only once, and reprised instrumentally as background music in the final scene.
Reportedly, Jerome Kern hated the song even though he wrote the music for it, believing it too "operetta-ish", and unsuccessfully sought to have it deleted from the 1936 film.

</doc>
<doc id="20715459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715459" title="Moataz Ben Amer">
Moataz Ben Amer

Moataz Ali Mohamed Ben Amer () (born 1981) is a Libyan football player who plays for his hometown club Al Ahly Benghazi. Ben Amer is the captain of the side, and is a renowned penalty taker. As Ben Amer plays in defence, he rarely scores many goals, but as he takes all of his side's spot kicks (and normally scores them all), he normally gets around 10 goals a season. Ben Amer wears the number 21 shirt for his side, and has been the captain since the start of the 2006-07 season. He has represented the Libyan national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20715464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715464" title="Darbairiya">
Darbairiya

Darbairiya is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6280 people living in 1110 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715471" title="1986–87 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1986–87 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1986–87 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 60th season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Four, then the fourth tier of English football, finishing fifteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="20715482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715482" title="Adrian Fenlon">
Adrian Fenlon

Adrian Fenlon (born 1972 in Enniscorthy, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Rapparees and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s. Renowned for his physics-defying skill in taking sideline cuts.

</doc>
<doc id="20715484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715484" title="Sinhadevi Sombare">
Sinhadevi Sombare

Sinhadevi Sombare is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2554 people living in 477 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715492" title="Madhumalla">
Madhumalla

Madhumalla is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14,838 people living in 2697 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715504" title="Hathimudha">
Hathimudha

Hathimudha is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6190 people living in 1186 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715517" title="Sisawanijahada">
Sisawanijahada

Sisawanijahada is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7146.

</doc>
<doc id="20715519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715519" title="Kerabari, Kosi">
Kerabari, Kosi

Kerabari is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,031 people living in 2129 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20715535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715535" title="Scenic Drive">
Scenic Drive

Scenic Drive is the name of many roads including:

</doc>
<doc id="20715541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715541" title="TSSM">
TSSM

TSSM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20715565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715565" title="Shmuel Bornsztain (sixth Sochatchover rebbe)">
Shmuel Bornsztain (sixth Sochatchover rebbe)

Shmuel Bornsztain (born 1961), also spelled Borenstein or Bernstein, is the sixth Rebbe of the Sochatchov Hasidic dynasty. He acceded to the position of Rebbe following the sudden death of his father, Rabbi Menachem Shlomo Bornsztain, the fifth Rebbe of Sochatchov, in a traffic accident in Jerusalem. He was only eight years old at the time of the accident.
The Rebbe leads the Sochatchover dynasty from the Bayit VeGan neighborhood of Jerusalem, where the Sochatchov yeshiva, Yeshivat Avnei Nezer, is located.

</doc>
<doc id="20715576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715576" title="Striatura milium">
Striatura milium

Striatura milium, common name the fine-ribbed striate snail, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Gastrodontidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of "Striatura milium" includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20715580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715580" title="Flattop Mountain Trail">
Flattop Mountain Trail

The Flattop Mountain Trail, also known as the Grand Trail or the Big Trail, was built in 1925 in Rocky Mountain National Park in the Larimer County portion of the U.S. state of Colorado. Built in 1925, and rehabilitated in 1940 with Civilian Conservation Corps labor, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The trail begins at 9500 feet of elevation at Bear Lake and climbs Flattop Mountain to a maximum elevation of 12,324 feet on the Continental Divide.
See also.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Larimer County, Colorado

</doc>
<doc id="20715582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715582" title="List of neighborhoods in San Pedro Sula">
List of neighborhoods in San Pedro Sula

San Pedro Sula, a city in Honduras, is divided into four quadrants: northeast (noreste, or NE), southeast (sureste, or SE), northwest (noroeste, or NO) and southwest (suroeste, or SO). 

</doc>
<doc id="20715597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715597" title="Shmuel Bornsztain">
Shmuel Bornsztain

Shmuel Bornsztain (also Borenstein or Bernstein) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20715618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715618" title="Noel Murphy (politician)">
Noel Murphy (politician)

Noel Francis Murphy (December 21, 1915 – March 10, 2005) was a physician, broadcaster and politician.
Early life.
Murphy was born in England while his parents, Dr. John J. and Elsie (Kenway) Murphy were posted to London. John Murphy co-founded St. Clare's Mercy Hospital and died while Noel was a child. Murphy's great grandfather was the captain of a steam sailing ship while his grandfather, "Gambo Jack" Murphy founded St. John's radio station VONF in 1932.
Murphy was educated at St. Bonaventure College in St. John's and at Ampleforth College in England. He studied electrical engineering for six months at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology before deciding to change fields. He moved to Britain and earned his medical degree in 1942 from London Hospital. He joined the RAF Volunteer Reserve and was assigned to 125 (Newfoundland) Squadron serving as its medical officer until 1945 and reaching the rank of flight-lieutenant surgeon.
Return to Newfoundland.
In 1945, he returned to Newfoundland to run a Bonne Bay Cottage Hospital in Norris Point on the western coast of Newfoundland. He was the only doctor on staff and handled all medical duties at the remote hospital for ten years. To reach remote communities in the hospital's catchment area during the winter, Dr. Murphy travelled by horse and sleigh or dog team before the federal government provided him with a snowmobile. In the summer, he performed his rounds via aircraft and boat. 
Dr. Murphy left the hospital in 1954 in order to take up private practice in Corner Brook specializing in obstetrics and gynecology.
Broadcasting.
In 1959, Murphy helped found the Humber Valley Broadcasting Company becoming the new corporation's president. The company opened a radio station in Corner Brook in 1960 and had 10 stations by 1975. Murphy hosted a Christmas morning show for 47 years on the stations in which he phoned Newfoundlanders abroad and contacted communities named Newfoundland.
Political career.
He entered politics on behalf of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador and won the seat of Humber East in the 1962 provincial election. In 1966 he became party leader and Leader of the Opposition leading the Tories into the 1966 general election. The party lost four of its seven seats and Murphy was defeated in Humber East by Liberal Clyde Wells, a future premier.
Murphy was elected mayor of Corner Brook for three terms and was unexpectedly appointed minister without portfolio in 1971 in the final cabinet of Liberal Premier Joey Smallwood however he lost the riding of Humber West in the subsequent 1971 provincial election to Conservative leader Frank Moores who would succeed Smallwood as Premier. 
In 1978, Murphy was again elected mayor of Corner Brook.
Hobbies.
In his spare time, Murphy was an amateur photographer and was published the monthly "Newfoundland Magazine". In 2003 he published a book, entitled "Cottage Hospital Doctor", about his experiences at Bonne Bay.
Honours.
Murphy's awards include an honorary doctorate in law from the Memorial University of Newfoundland (1975), Canadian Broadcaster of the Year (1984), and the Order of Canada (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="20715625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715625" title="Kimberley Chen">
Kimberley Chen

Kimberley Chen (, born May 23, 1994) is a Chinese singer, actress and model based in Taiwan. She attended Tintern Girls Grammar School in Melbourne, Australia. She was the youngest and only child model on the Channel 9's "The Price Is Right" and later appeared as Young Nala in Disney's "Lion King" at the Regent Theater in Melbourne as well as the Shanghai Grand Theater in Shanghai. She is now a professional singer in Taiwan, singing both English and Chinese songs. Her debut album has been a commercial success and her debut song "愛你“ has over 10,000,000 views on YouTube.
Biography.
Kimberley was first coached by her father in singing. She was then coached by Vladimir Vais, who is a world famous conductor and also musical director for the Russian Bolshoi Ballet for over 10 years.
At a young age, Kimberley did photographic work and appeared in a McDonald’s commercial, which was aired throughout Asia.
Chen began singing for charities at the age of four with the help of her father. She was performing regularly at charity concerts and clubs. She donated to Australian Community Aid Abroad. When the East Timor Crisis came, she felt strongly for the Timorese and her donation went to Caritas Australia for direct aid to East Timor. In the 2003 Royal Children Hospital Good Friday Appeal on the Seven Network, at the age of 8, she sang and danced “Let's Get Loud” with backing dancers.
Discovered by Grundy Television executive director Michael Whyte, Chen was offered the ongoing role as the featured child model on "The Price Is Right" for its 2003 revival. She performed in over 400 episodes on the Nine Network for 2 ½ years.
In July 2005, Chen started playing the role of Young Nala in Disney’s "The Lion King" at the Regent Theatre, Melbourne. In June 2006, Chen was offered the same role to perform in Shanghai’s Grand Theatre for the season, through October 2006.
While she was in Shanghai, Chen attracted quite a lot of interest from the local media. After "The Lion King", Chen stayed on to perform on a Shanghai television show.
In March 2007, Chen was selected to sing the national anthem at the Australian Football League NAB Cup Grand Final in front of an audience of 40,000, which aired nationally on Seven.
From April to November 2008, Chen was on the roster of artists at JYP Entertainment in New York. From November 2008 to June 2009, she was training independently in singing, dancing and acting in New York under the guidance of Yolanda Wyns, and recording with Grammy-award winners Gordon Chambers and Barry Eastmond.
In March 2010, she was invited to compete in the Taiwanese televised singing competition "One Million Star". As she got good results on the programme, she was asked to be the guest singer for Kelly Clarkson's All I Ever Wanted World Tour in Taipei. She is now currently signed with Sony BMG Taiwan.
2012 Kimberley (album).
After nearly 3 years of preparation Chen's debut album was released on 27 April 2012, with 6 Chinese songs and 5 English songs. Two of her songs have been played on the Taiwanese series "Fondant Garden" starring Park Jung Min. Her debut single “愛你 (Love You)” has been a success on YouTube, with over 8,000,000 views and generally positive comments.
Chen's second single "Never Change" was the first for which she wrote the music and lyrics. Chen has released two music videos for her two singles and both have been a success on YouTube with "愛你" (Love You), also starring JPM and "廖允傑" (LilJay) having over 10,000,000 views. In Taiwan she has come first in KKBOX charts with her first single and debut album ezPeer, 台灣大哥大, 中華電信 and 遠傳電信 topping ringtone download charts.
References.
insgr

</doc>
<doc id="20715679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715679" title="Tree Jasmine">
Tree Jasmine

Tree Jasmine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20715685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715685" title="Deployable Joint Command and Control">
Deployable Joint Command and Control

The Deployable Joint Command and Control system, commonly known as DJC2, is an integrated command and control headquarters system which enables a commander to set up a self-contained, self-powered, computer network-enabled temporary headquarters facility anywhere in the world within 6 – 24 hours of arrival at a location.
DJC2 is produced and fielded by the U.S. military to support Joint warfare. The DJC2 Joint Program Office developed the system, and it is integrated and produced by a U.S. Government integrator, the Naval Surface Warfare Center Panama City Division.
The base DJC2 system consists of a linked group of self-powered and climate-controlled tents which house computer network servers, computer workstations with furniture, satellite communications equipment, voice and data encryption equipment, a video teleconferencing system, video display screens, printers, fax machines, etc. Utilizing a fielded DJC2 system, the commander and his staff can securely communicate across the world, send and receive information across five different computer networks (including secure networks and the Internet), participate in video teleconferences with remote locations, and use a fully integrated command and control/collaboration software tool suite to plan and execute missions.
In addition to the base system, DJC2 includes some additional specialized configurations designed to support a commander’s need for command and control capabilities in specialized circumstances. These configurations include: a “suitcase” communications suite which can be hand-carried and used on short notice by a first responder/small control team; and a small, air-certified headquarters suite which can operate aboard a military aircraft while in flight. The DJC2 system also includes an experimental concept demonstration suite with DJC2 workstations installed in shipboard containers for operation aboard a ship while underway.
Currently, the Department of Defense has produced and fielded six fully deployable DJC2 systems to commands in the United States and Europe. A DJC2 system was used in a Joint Task Force effort supporting the relief efforts in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans, Louisiana, as well as more recently in the Joint Task Force providing humanitarian assistance and disaster relief to Cyclone Nargis victims in Myanmar (Burma).</ref> The DJC2 systems have also been used in military exercises around the world, including the United States, Europe, Africa, Central America, and Asia.
Design.
Subsystems.
The DJC2 design provides the capabilities of its four configurations by integrating components from three different subsystems:
Architecture.
The DJC2 command and control architecture is an open architecture based on Service Oriented Architecture principles. The architecture utilizes several technologies – including Internet Protocol Convergence (IPC) and virtualization – to reconcile the DJC2 system’s robust IT requirements (i.e., five different networks, C2 and collaboration software applications, and communications) with its stringent deployability and rapid set-up requirements.
The DJC2 system’s IPC Suite uses IPC technology to provide IP-based services and flexible bandwidth utilization. The system uses virtualization technology in both hardware (computer servers) and software. Virtualization of the DJC2 hardware allows one DJC2 computer server to do the job of multiple servers by creating “virtual machines” (VMs) that can run their own operating systems and applications just like a “real” server, and then can be hosted with many other VMs on one physical server to more effectively utilize computer server capacity. Virtualization of the DJC2 software allows for better portability of applications to differing hardware sets. Through virtualization, the DJC2 program reduced the size of its system (e.g., reducing the number of servers per network from an original nine to three plus one spare), which decreases both the amount of space required for the system to be set up (footprint) and the transportation assets needed to transport it (lift), as well as decreased cost and set-up time.
Refresh.
The DJC2 program is currently in its Technology Refresh and Technology Insertion phase, which will include inserting such technologies as Secure Wireless Networking into the existing DJC2 systems.
Configurations.
The DJC2 system includes four distinct DJC2 configurations, each designed to meet different mission needs ranging from the mission of a two-person first responder team up to the mission of a major Joint Task Force.
Core.
The baseline configuration of the DJC2 system is the "Core" configuration, which enables a commander to rapidly deploy a fully capable temporary command and control headquarters. The Core is a 60-operator suite housed in tents which can be set up and fully operational with communications and network connectivity in less than 24 hours after arrival on-site. Each operator workstation includes two laptops to provide an operator with simultaneous access to two networks, and telephone and intercom capability. The Core is flexible and scalable, and can be tailored to an individual mission (i.e., a commander can take only what he needs for a particular mission and leave the rest behind).
The DJC2 Core can support a small Joint Task Force, or can be combined with other Cores to support a larger Joint Task Force. Though the Core provides physical space and workstations for 60 operator workstations, its computer servers can support more than 750 simultaneous users, so additional non-DJC2 computers can be connected to the DJC2 system when needed. Though the Core has organic communications capabilities, establishing a full Core requires supplemental communications support at the site, such as that provided by a military communications squadron. The Core has its own generators for power and environmental control units for heating/cooling. However, it can be connected to external power when available. It also can be set up inside an available building instead of the tents.
Early Entry.
Embedded within the Core is the "Early Entry" configuration, which enables a commander to deploy an early (first 72–96 hours) command and control presence and develop situational awareness at a location prior to setting up a full temporary headquarters (when needed). The Early Entry configuration is a 20/40-operator suite, housed in just two of the Core’s rectangular tents, which can be set up and providing limited communications and network connectivity within 4 – 6 hours of arrival at a location. When the rest of the Core arrives, it can be quickly connected to the Early Entry components to provide full Core functionality within 24 hours. Like the Core, the Early Entry configuration has its own generators for power and environmental control units for heating/cooling, but can be connected to external power when available. It also can be set up inside an available building instead of the tents.
En Route.
The "En Route" configuration is a stand-alone DJC2 suite which enables the commander to establish and sustain effective command and control and situational awareness while traveling by air from the garrison headquarters to a deployed location. It provides 6 – 12 workstations, mounted to a special aircraft pallet, which allow operators to communicate, connect to two networks (one secure and one non-secure), and perform command and control functions while in flight on a C-130 or C-17 aircraft. Specially designed “roller carts” house the primary networking and communications equipment and at least one system administrator position to manage the network and communication interfaces. The En Route configuration can be marshaled from short-term storage and ready for aircraft installation within 3 hours of notification. The workstations are also operable on the ground, and onboard while the aircraft is on the flight line. The En Route configuration requires an external power source, such as power from the aircraft.
Rapid Response Kit.
The "Rapid Response Kit" is a stand-alone DJC2 suite which enables a commander to deploy a lightweight communications package anywhere in the world at a moment’s notice by a very small team carrying it on a military or commercial aircraft. The Rapid Response Kit supports 2 – 15 operators. It has no computer servers; instead, it “reaches back” electronically to established U.S. Department of Defense networks via satellite connectivity. It provides two networks simultaneously, chosen from four network options, including both secure and non-secure networks. It is provides both voice and data communications, as well as a video teleconferencing capability. The Rapid Response Kit requires an external power source, such as commercial power from a building. It can also connect to other networks, such as a network in a commercial hotel.
Maritime Demonstrator.
In partnership with the U.S. Navy Second Fleet, the DJC2 program has also produced and demonstrated a prototype configuration of a Joint Task Force headquarters afloat command and control capability, called the DJC2 Maritime Demonstrator. The demonstrator is a totally self-contained Joint Task Force Headquarters suite which can be installed aboard a ship. It requires nothing from the ship other than physical space, electrical power, and hotel services for the command staff. The demonstrator (which is a repackaging of the DJC2 architecture) consists of a group of climate-controlled ISO containers of two types: Staff Modules, which house 10 operator workstations per container; and Tech Control Modules, which house the networking, communications, and video distribution hardware that supports the operators.
The ISO containers are secured for sea using normal ship’s tie-down points in any appropriate open space. The design also includes satellite communication antennas for connectivity to DISA’s Global Information Grid. This connectivity may also be provided via the ship’s organic satellite communications system. The demonstrator, which has been successfully tested, can easily be scaled larger when the mission requires it by adding more ISO containers of each type. In addition, the C2 architecture is sufficiently robust to support a large number of additional external users in other ship spaces (e.g., embarked unit spaces). The demonstrator can be installed on a designated ship of opportunity – including Navy, Military Sealift Command, Maritime Pre-Positioning Force Units, Coalition Force ships – or ashore. Since it is self-contained and easy to install/uninstall, it can be moved as needed among ships and installed wherever space and power are available.
Users.
The DJC2 system is fielded to U.S. Combatant Commands and/or their component commands for their use in standing up Joint Task Forces in response to military and humanitarian crises. Currently, the commands that own a DJC2 system include: U.S. Southern Command; U.S. Pacific Command; U.S. European Command; Southern European Task Force/U.S. Army Africa; U.S. Army South, and III Marine Expeditionary Force.
The DJC2 system’s command and control capabilities also have utility for non-military applications such as supporting Homeland Security efforts responding to natural disasters. As noted, DJC2 was used in a Joint Task Force supporting the rescue and relief effort in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina on the U.S. Gulf Coast and of Cyclone Nargis in Myanmar (Burma).
Certifications.
The DJC2 system is a fully tested, fully certified U.S. military system. Its certifications include:

</doc>
<doc id="20715706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715706" title="Willow Park Patrol Cabin">
Willow Park Patrol Cabin

The Willow Park Patrol Cabin, also known as the Willow Park Ranger Station and the Willow Park Cook and Mess Hall, was built in Rocky Mountain National Park in 1923 to the design of members of the National Park Service Landscape Engineering Division under the supervision of Daniel Ray Hull. The cabin is an early example of the National Park Service Rustic style that was gaining favor with the Park Service. The cabin, along with the Willow Park Stable, originally accommodated maintenance crews on the Fall River Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20715710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715710" title="History of the National Health Service (England)">
History of the National Health Service (England)

The National Health Service in England was created by the National Health Service Act 1946. Responsibility for the NHS in Wales was passed to the Secretary of State for Wales in 1969, leaving the Secretary of State for Social Services responsible for the NHS in England alone. The NHS guarantees equal healthcare to all, rich and poor alike.
Background.
Dr Benjamin Moore, a Liverpool physician, in 1910 in ‘The Dawn of the Health Age’ was probably the first to use the words ‘National Health Service’. He established the State Medical Service Association which held its first meeting in 1912 and continued to exist until it was replaced by the Socialist Medical Association in 1930.
Before the National Health Service was created in 1948, patients were generally required to pay for their health care. Free treatment was sometimes available from Voluntary Hospitals. Some local authorities operated hospitals for local ratepayers (under a system originating with the Poor Law). The London County Council on 1 April 1930 took over from the abolished Metropolitan Asylums Board responsibility for 140 hospitals, medical schools and other medical institutions. The Local Government Act 1929 allowed local authorities to run services over and above those authorised by the Poor Law and in effect to provide medical treatment for everyone. By the outbreak of the Second World War, the LCC was running the largest public health service in Britain.
Systems of health insurance usually consisted of private schemes such as Friendly Societies or Welfare Societies. Under the National Insurance Act 1911, introduced by David Lloyd George, a small amount was deducted from weekly wages, to which was added contributions from the employer and the government. In return for the record of contributions, the workman was entitled to medical care (as well as retirement and unemployment benefits) though not necessarily to the drugs prescribed. To obtain medical care, he registered with a doctor. Each doctor in General Practice who participated in the scheme thus had a 'panel' of those who have made an insurance under the system, and was paid a capitation grant out of the fund calculated upon the number. Lloyd George's name survives in the "Lloyd George envelopes" in which most primary care records in England are stored, although today most working records in primary care are at least partially computerised. This imperfect scheme only covered workers who paid their National Insurance Contributions and was known as 'Lloyd George's Ambulance Wagon'. Most women and children were not covered.
Foundation.
Lord Dawson was commissioned in 1919 by Lord Addison, the first British Minister of Health to produce a report on "schemes requisite for the systematised provision of such forms of medical and allied services as should, in the opinion of the Council, be available for the inhabitants of a given area". An Interim Report on the Future Provision of Medical and Allied Services was produced in 1920, though no further report ever appeared. The report laid down details plans for a network of Primary and Secondary Health Centres, and was very influential in subsequent debates about the National Health Service. However the fall of the Lloyd George government prevented any implementation of those ideas at that time.
The Labour Party in 1932 accepted a resolution moved by Somerville Hastings MP calling for the establishment of a State Medical Service and in 1934 the Labour Party Conference at Southport unanimously accepted an official document on a National Health Service.
Prior to the Second World War there was already consensus that health insurance should be extended to the dependants of the wage-earner, and that the voluntary and local authority hospitals should be integrated. A British Medical Association pamphlet, "A General Medical Service for the Nation" was issued along these lines in 1938. However, no action was taken due to the international crisis. During the war, a new centralised state-run 'Emergency Medical Service' (EMS) employed doctors and nurses to care for those injured by enemy action and arrange for their treatment in whichever hospital was available. The existence of the EMS made voluntary hospitals dependent on the Government and there was a recognition that many would be in financial trouble once peace arrived. The need to do something to guarantee the voluntary hospitals meant that hospital care drove the impetus for reform.
In February 1941 the Deputy Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Health recorded privately areas of agreement on post-war health policy which included "a complete health service to be available to every member of the community" and on 9 October 1941, the Minister of Health Ernest Brown announced that the Government proposed to ensure that there was a comprehensive hospital service available to everyone in need of it, and that local authorities would be responsible for providing it. The Medical Planning Commission set up by the professional bodies went one stage further in May 1942 recommending (in an interim report) a National Health Service with General Practitioners working through health centres and hospitals run by regional administrations. The Beveridge Report of December 1942 included this same idea.
Developing the idea into firm policy proved difficult. Although the BMA had been part of the Medical Planning Commission, at their conference in September 1943 the association changed policy to oppose local authority control of hospitals and to favour extension of health insurance instead of GPs working for state health centres. When Health Minister Henry Willink prepared a white paper endorsing a National Health Service, it was attacked by Brendan Bracken and Lord Beaverbrook and resignations were threatened on both sides. However the Cabinet endorsed the White Paper which was published in 1944. This White Paper includes the founding principles of the NHS: it was to be funded out of general taxation and not through national insurance, and services would be provided by the same doctors and the same hospitals, but:
Willink then set about trying to assuage the doctors, a job taken over by Aneurin Bevan in Clement Attlee's Labour government after the war ended. Bevan quickly came to the decision that the 1944 white paper's proposal for local authority control of voluntary hospitals was not workable, as the local authorities were too poor and too small to manage hospitals. He decided that "the only thing to do was to create an entirely new hospital service, to take over the voluntary hospitals, and to take over the local government hospitals and to organise them as a single hospital service". This structure of the NHS in England and Wales was established by the National Health Service Act 1946 which received Royal Assent on 6 November 1946. Bevan encountered considerable debate and resistance from the BMA who voted in May 1948 not to join the new service, but brought them on board by the time the new arrangements launched on 5 July 1948.
Development of the NHS in England and Wales, 1948-1969.
The original structure of the NHS in England and Wales had three aspects, known as the "tripartite system":
After the publication by the "British Medical Journal" on December 24, 1949 of University of Cambridge consultant paediatrician Douglas Gairdner's landmark paper detailing the lack of medical benefit and the risks attached to non-therapeutic (routine) circumcision, the National Health Service took a decision that circumcision would not be performed unless there was a clear and present medical indication. Both the cost and the non-therapeutic, unnecessary, harmful nature of the surgical operation were taken into account.
By the 1950s, spending on the NHS was exceeding what had been expected, leading to the introduction of a one-shilling charge for prescriptions and a £1 charge for dental treatment, in 1952; this was an exception to the NHS being free at the point of use. The 1950s also saw the planning of hospital services, dealing in part with some of the gaps and duplications that existed across England and Wales. The period also saw growth in the number of medical staff and a more even distribution of them with the development of hospital outpatient services. By 1956, the NHS was stretched financially and doctors were disaffected resulting in a Royal Commission on doctors' pay being set up in February 1957. The investigation and trial of alleged serial killer Dr John Bodkin Adams exposed some of the tensions in the system. Indeed, if he had been found guilty (for, in the eyes of doctors, accidentally killing a patient while providing treatment) and hanged, the whole NHS might have collapsed. The Mental Health Act of 1959 also significantly altered legislation in respect of mental illness and reduced the grounds on which someone could be detained in a mental hospital.
The 1960s have been characterised as a period of growth. Prescription charges were abolished in 1965 and reintroduced in 1968. New drugs came to the market improving healthcare, including polio vaccine, dialysis for chronic renal failure and chemotherapy for certain cancers were developed, all adding to costs. Health Secretary Enoch Powell undertook three initiatives:
Concern continued to grow about the structure of the NHS and weaknesses of the tripartite system. Powell agreed the creation of a Royal Commission on doctors’ pay, which resulted in a statutory review body. Further development came in the form of the Charter of General Practise, negotiated between new Health Minister Kenneth Robinson and the BMA, that provided financial incentives for practice development. This resulted in the concept of the primary health care in better housed and better staffed practises, stimulating doctors to join together and the development of the modern group practice.
In 1969, responsibility for the NHS in Wales was passed to the Secretary of State for Wales from the Secretary of State for Health who was thereafter just responsible for the NHS in England.
1970s and early 1980s.
The NHS in England was reorganised in 1974 to bring together services provided by hospitals and services provided by local authorities under the umbrella of Regional Health Authorities, with a further restructuring in 1982. The 1970s also saw the end of the economic optimism which had characterised the 1960s and increasing pressures coming to bear to reduce the amount of money spent on public services and to ensure increased efficiency for the money spent.
Through the 1970s and 1980s, it became clear that the NHS would never get the resources necessary to provide unlimited access to the latest medical treatments, especially in the context of an ageing population. This led to the beginning of a major process of reform, starting about 1980, which is still continuing in 2009.
Thatcher government reforms.
The 1980s saw the introduction of modern management processes ("General Management") in the NHS to replace the previous system of consensus management. This was outlined in the Griffiths Report of 1983. This recommended the appointment of general managers in the NHS with whom responsibility should lie. The report also recommended that clinicians be better involved in management. Financial pressures continued to place strain on the NHS. In 1987, an additional £101 million was provided by the government to the NHS. In 1988 the then Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher, announced a review of the NHS. From this review and in 1989, two white papers "Working for Patients" and "Caring for People" were produced. These outlined the introduction of what was termed the "internal market", which was to shape the structure and organisation of health services for most of the next decade. In spite of intensive opposition from the BMA, who wanted a pilot study or the "reforms" in one region, the untried untested internal market was introduced.
In 1990, the National Health Service & Community Care Act (in England) defined this "internal market", whereby Health Authorities ceased to run hospitals but "purchased" care from their own or other authorities' hospitals. Certain GPs became "fund holders" and were able to purchase care for their patients. The "providers" became NHS trusts, which encouraged competition but also increased local differences.
Blair government reforms.
These innovations, especially the "fund holder" option, were condemned at the time by the Labour Party. Opposition to what was claimed to be the Conservative intention to privatise the NHS became a major feature of Labour's election campaigns.
Labour came to power in 1997 with the promise to remove the "internal market" and abolish fundholding. In a speech given by the new Prime Minister, Tony Blair, at the Lonsdale Medical Centre on 9 December 1997, he stated that:
However in his second term Blair renounced this direction. He pursued measures to strengthen the internal market as part of his plan to "modernise" the NHS.
Driving these reforms have been a number of factors. They include the rising costs of medical technology and medicines, the desire to increase standards and "patient choice", an ageing population, and a desire to contain government expenditure. Since the National Health Services in Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland are not controlled by the UK government, these reforms have increased the differences between the National Health Services in different parts of the United Kingdom. (See NHS Wales and NHS Scotland for descriptions of their developments).
Reforms have included (amongst other actions) the laying down of detailed service standards, strict financial budgeting, revised job specifications, reintroduction of "fundholding" (under the description "practice-based commissioning"), closure of surplus facilities and emphasis on rigorous clinical and corporate governance. In addition medical training has undergone an unsuccessful restructuring which was so badly managed that the Secretary of State for Health was forced to apologise publicly. MMC is now being revised but its flawed implementation has left the NHS with significant medical staffing problems which are unlikely to be resolved before 2009. Some new services have been developed to help manage demand, including NHS Direct. A new emphasis has been given to staff reforms, with the Agenda for Change agreement providing harmonised pay and career progression. These changes have, however, given rise to controversy within the medical professions, the media and the public.
The Blair Government, whilst leaving services free at point of use, has encouraged outsourcing of medical services and support to the private sector. Under the Private Finance Initiative, an increasing number of hospitals have been built (or rebuilt) by private sector consortia; hospitals may have both medical services (such as "surgicentres"), and non-medical services (such as catering) provided under long-term contracts by the private sector. A study by a consultancy company which works for the Department of Health shows that every £200 million spent on privately financed hospitals will result in the loss of 1000 doctors and nurses. The first PFI hospitals contain some 28 per cent fewer beds than the ones they replaced.
In 2005, surgicentres (ISTCs) treated around 3% of NHS patients (in England) having routine surgery. By 2008 this is expected to be around 10%. NHS Primary Care Trusts have been given the target of sourcing at least 15% of primary care from the private or voluntary sectors over the medium term.
As a corollary to these intitiatives, the NHS has been required to take on pro-active socially "directive" policies, for example, in respect of smoking and obesity.
The NHS has also encountered significant problems with the IT innovations accompanying the Blair reforms. The NHS's National Programme for IT (NPfIT), believed to be the largest IT project in the world, is running significantly behind schedule and above budget, with friction between the Government and the programme contractors. Originally budgeted at £2.3 billion, present estimates are £20-30 billion and rising. There has also been criticism of a lack of patient information security. The ability to deliver integrated high quality services will require care professionals to use sensitive medical data. This must be controlled and in the NPfIT model it is, sometimes too tightly to allow the best care to be delivered. One concern is that GPs and hospital doctors have given the project a lukewarm reception, citing a lack of consultation and complexity. Key "front-end" parts of the programme include Choose and Book, intended to assist patient choice of location for treatment, which has missed numerous deadlines for going "live", substantially overrun its original budget, and is still (May 2006) available in only a few locations. The programme to computerise all NHS patient records is also experiencing great difficulties. Furthermore there are unresolved financial and managerial issues on training NHS staff to introduce and maintain these systems once they are operative.

</doc>
<doc id="20715729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715729" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1934–1937">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1934–1937

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the 9 June 1934 election and the 20 February 1937 election. The 1934 election reduced the Nationalists from one of their biggest majorities ever into opposition, as Labor leader Albert Ogilvie became Premier of Tasmania. It was not until 1969 that the Nationalists' successors, the Liberals, would achieve another term of office.

</doc>
<doc id="20715761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715761" title="The boy Jones">
The boy Jones

Thomas Edward Jones (1824-1893), or the boy Jones, as he was called by the British newspapers of the early Victorian era, was a notorious intruder into Buckingham Palace between 1838 and 1841. He later became the subject of a children's book and the film "The Mudlark" and the full story of his activities has been told in Jan Bondeson's 2010 book "Queen Victoria's Stalker".
Biography.
Beginnings.
Edward Jones was the son of a tailor in Westminster.
Arrests.
In 1838, aged approximately 14, he entered Buckingham Palace, disguised as a sweep. He was caught by a porter in the Marble Hall and, after a chase, captured by the police in St James's Street, with Queen Victoria's underwear stuffed down his trousers. He was brought before Queen Square Police Court on 14 December. It turned out that he had frequently mentioned his intention to enter the palace to his employer, a builder. Although he had apparently stolen linen and a regimental sword from the palace, he was acquitted by the jury.
On 30 November 1840, nine days after the birth of Queen Victoria's first child, Princess Victoria, he "scaled the wall of Buckingham Palace about half-way up Constitution Hill", entered the palace, and left it undetected. On 1 December 1840 he broke in again. Shortly after midnight a nurse discovered him under a sofa in the Queen's dressing room and he was arrested. His father's plea of insanity being without success, he was sentenced to three months in a house of correction. The 1840 incident caused a stir because initially it was feared that it might affect the Queen, happening so shortly after childbirth.
Before his release from Tothill Fields Prison on 2 March 1841, attempts were made to persuade Edward Jones to join the navy. On 15 March 1841, after a snack in one of the royal apartments, "the boy Jones" was caught by the reinforced police force guarding the palace. This time he was sentenced to three months' hard labour. This third incident caused a furore, and three additional palace sentries were appointed.
Later life.
After his second release he refused an offer of £4 a week (£ today) for appearances in a music hall, and a short time later he was caught loitering in the vicinity of Buckingham Palace. He was sent to do duty in the Navy and consequently served on HMS Warspite, Inconstant, and Harlequin, but, after a year he found an opportunity to walk from Portsmouth to London. Having been caught before he reached the palace, he was sent back to his ship. He was last mentioned in the newspapers in 1844, when he was rescued after going overboard between Tunis and Algiers.
Jones became an alcoholic and a burglar and later went to Australia, where he became the town crier of Perth.
He died in Australia from a drunken fall in 1893.
Notoriety.
Jones became the subject of numerous accounts in newspapers and satirical magazines and inspired a children's book and a film called "The Mudlark". In an allusion to the famous Renaissance architect Inigo Jones, it was suggested that because of his "extraordinary powers of finding an entrance into the palace" he must be "a descendant of "In-I-Go Jones"".
Death.
He died on Boxing Day 1893 in Bairnsdale, Australia, after falling off the parapet of the east side of the Mitchell River bridge while drunk and landing on his head. It was reported in the Bairnsdale Advertiser that he struck his head on a piece of quartz as he fell to the ground which was a distance of about 12 feet. 
Dr Duncan performed the post mortem and made note of a two inch long wound over the parietal bone and that the cause of death was concussion of the brain. Death was determined to have not been instant and the deceased had a hand full of thistles, which he had seized after falling. 
He is buried at the Bairnsdale Cemetery in an unmarked grave, though the exact location is unknown due to poorly kept records.

</doc>
<doc id="20715762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715762" title="Years in Australia">
Years in Australia

This page indexes the individual Australian year pages. It only references years relating to the European settlement of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20715765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715765" title="Eli Skolmen Ryg">
Eli Skolmen Ryg

Eli Skolmen Ryg (born 27 May 1936) is a Norwegian television producer.
Her filmography include the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation television series "Enerom" (1987), "Fortuna" (1993), "Offshore" (1996) and "Soria Moria" (2000). In 1990 she won the Amanda Committee's Golden Clapper.
Eli Skolmen Ryg is related to several actors; she is the mother of Anne Ryg, former mother-in-law of Harald Eia, sister of Jon Skolmen and aunt of Christian and Tine Skolmen.

</doc>
<doc id="20715780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715780" title="CoBJ">
CoBJ

CoBJ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20715802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715802" title="Rod Guiney">
Rod Guiney

Rod Guiney (born 1970 in Rosslare, County Wexford) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Rosslare and was a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s. He has a twin brother named Dave who also played hurling with Wexford

</doc>
<doc id="20715808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715808" title="Cole Durham">
Cole Durham

Cole Durham (W. Cole Durham, Jr., born February 26, 1948) is an American educator. He is Susa Young Gates University Professor of Law and Director of the International Center for Law and Religion Studies (ICLRS) at Brigham Young University's J. Reuben Clark Law School. He is an internationally active specialist in religious freedom law, involved in comparative law scholarship, with a special emphasis on comparative constitutional law. In January 2009 the First Freedom Center granted him the International First Freedom Award, in Richmond, Virginia. 
Durham is a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School, where he was a Note Editor of the "Harvard Law Review" and Managing Editor of the "Harvard International Law Journal". He is currently President of the International Consortium for Law and Religion Studies (ICLARS), based in Milan, Italy, and Co-Editor-in-Chief of the Oxford Journal of Law and Religion. From 1989 to 1994 he served as Secretary of the American Society of Comparative Law, and he is also an Associate Member of the International Academy of Comparative Law in Paris—the premier academic organization at the global level in Comparative Law. He served, along with Javier Martínez-Torrón of Complutense University of Madrid, as a General Rapporteur for the topic "Religion and the Secular State" at the 28th International Congress of Comparative Law, held in Washington, D.C., in July 2010. He has served as Chair of both the Comparative Law Section and the Law and Religion Section of the Association of American Law Schools. 
Durham has taught at the J. Reuben Clark Law School at Brigham Young University since 1976. He was awarded the honorary designation of University Professor there in the fall of 1999. On January 1, 2000, he was named Director of the Law School's newly created International Center for Law and Religion Studies. Since 1994 Durham has been a Recurring Visiting Professor of Law at Central European University in Budapest, where he teaches comparative constitutional law to students from throughout Eastern Europe, and increasingly from Asia and Africa as well. He has been a guest professor in Gutenberg University in Mainz, Germany and at the University of Vienna.
Law reform.
Durham has been involved in constitutional drafting projects in Nepal (2011 and 2009), Thailand (2007), and Iraq (2005–06). He has worked on constitutional and statutory drafting projects throughout Eastern Europe and in most former Soviet bloc countries. He has been active in matters involving relations between religion and the state, though he also has extensive experience with comparative criminal law and non-profit law. He serves as a member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe/Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights’s Advisory Council on Freedom of Religion or Belief. He is Vice President of the International Academy for Freedom of Religion and Belief. He serves as a board member of church-state centers at DePaul and Baylor Universities, of the International Religious Liberty Association, and of the International Advisory Board of the Oslo Coalition on Freedom of Religion or Belief.
Durham also works on laws governing the civil society sector, having served as Chairman of the Board of the International Center for Not-for-Profit Law in Washington, D.C., and also served on its board for several years. Durham has played a role in advising governments throughout much of the former socialist bloc on constitutional provisions and legislation dealing with criminal law and procedure, court structure, general constitutional issues, and the law of associations, including particularly religious associations. Durham has studied religious law in many parts of eastern Europe, and in countries such as Bulgaria he made public statements intended to halt the enactment of laws that would have negative effects on religious liberty.
Durham has helped organize technical assistance to law reform projects and comparative law conferences in countries around the world. This has included consultations on constitutional issues and laws in Albania, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Chile, China, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Dominican Republic, Estonia, France, Georgia, Hungary, Indonesia, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Macedonia, Moldova, Mexico, Nepal, Nigeria, Peru, Romania, Russia, Rwanda, Samoa, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Tajikistan, Thailand, Ukraine, and Vietnam. In the United States, Durham organized a series of conferences on comparative law issues at Brigham Young University, which have brought together some 850 scholars and experts dealing with comparative constitutional law themes from more than 100 countries.
Durham has testified before the U.S. Congress in hearings on religious intolerance in Europe and on the Religious Liberty Protection Act.
In the wake of the United States Supreme Court ruling in Employment Division v. Smith, Durham testified to the House Judiciary Committee on the negative effects of this ruling.
In March 2010 Durham testified via video conference during hearings before the Constitutional Court of Indonesia concerning proposed revision of Indonesia's 1965 Blasphemy Law.
In June 2011 Durham and his colleagues at the International Center for Law and Religion Studies filed an amicus brief in the U.S. Supreme Court case concerning the hiring practices of a Lutheran Church School.
Personal.
Durham is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. As a young man he served a thirty-month mission for the Church in Germany. He is married to Louise Gardiner; they had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="20715811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715811" title="Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers">
Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers

The Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers were an American Old-time string band consisting of Amos Binkley (1888–1952) on banjo, his brother Gale Binkley (1893–1946) on fiddle, Tom Andrews on guitar, and Jack Jackson on guitar and vocals. The Binkley Brothers first performed on Nashville radio station WSM in 1926, and in 1928 became one of the first bands to record commercially in the city. The group performed regularly on the Grand Ole Opry until they disbanded in 1938. 
Amos and Gale Binkley were born in Cheatham County, Tennessee, and were working as jewelry repairmen when they started playing for WSM in 1926. The Binkleys eventually joined up with Franklin-born guitarist Tom Andrews, and the group was given the name "Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers" by Opry founder George D. Hay, who preferred rural-sounding band names to fit the show's barn dance format. In September 1928, the group attempted to record several sides for Victor Records at the YMCA building in Nashville, but Victor's A&R agent Ralph Peer decided the group's vocals were too "rough." Peer added Lebanon, Tennessee singer Jack Jackson to the line-up, and on October 2, the band made its first recordings. The group continued performing on the Opry throughout the following decade, and by the early 1930s Jackson— who was known as the "Strolling Yodeler"— was one of the most popular singers on Nashville-area radio.
The band's repertoire included "I'll Rise When the Rooster Crows," which was derived from the 1881 song "Dem Golden Shoes," and the folk song "Give Me Back My Fifteen Cents." Both were recorded at their 1928 Victor sessions.
When the Binkley Brothers left the Opry in 1938, they were replaced by Bill Monroe and the Bluegrass Boys.

</doc>
<doc id="20715818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715818" title="Lewis Lake, Nova Scotia">
Lewis Lake, Nova Scotia

Lewis Lake, Nova Scotia could mean the following:
Lakes.
In the Halifax Regional Municipality there are 5 lakes named Lewis Lake:

</doc>
<doc id="20715854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715854" title="Prothoracicotropic hormone">
Prothoracicotropic hormone

Prothoracicotropic hormone (PTTH) was the first insect hormone to be discovered. It was originally described simply as "brain hormone" by early workers such as Stefan Kopeć (1922) and Vincent Wigglesworth (1934), who realized that ligation of the head of immature insects could prevent molting or pupation of the body region excluded from the head if the ligation was performed before a critical age in the lifestage was reached. After a certain point the ligation had no effect and both sections of the insect would molt or pupate. However, implantation of a conspecific brain to a sessile ligated abdomen or an abdomen under diapause would induce molting or pupation. Thus, the brain was originally thought to be the source of the hormone that induces molting in insects.
Later it was established that the insect brain produces a number of hormones, but the hormone which was the cause of the observations made by Kopeć and Wigglesworth was prothoracicotropic hormone. PTTH is secreted by a neurohemal organ, the corpus cardiacum (in some insects the corpus allatum secretes PTTH) which is actually a discrete structure posterior to the brain. PTTH is released in response to environmental stimuli and as its name implies PTTH acts on the prothoracic glands, which respond by releasing molting hormone (an ecdysteroid) into the haemolymph. Molting hormone stimulates the molting process.

</doc>
<doc id="20715871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715871" title="In Trance We Trust">
In Trance We Trust

In Trance We Trust (ITWT) is a Dutch record label owned by Tijs Verwest and Arny Bink. It is a sublabel of Black Hole Recordings, established in 1997 and best known for its club side of trance music.
Catalog.
Singles.
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20715873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715873" title="Hanne Myren">
Hanne Myren

Hanne Myren (born 20 March 1973) is a Norwegian film producer and documentarian. In 2007 she won two Amanda Awards, for Best Children's Film and Best Documentary, for the movie "Jenter", for which she was the director.
She hails from Harestua.

</doc>
<doc id="20715907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715907" title="Gustav Adolph, Duke of Mecklenburg-Güstrow">
Gustav Adolph, Duke of Mecklenburg-Güstrow

Gustav Adolph, Duke of Mecklenburg [-Güstrow] (26 February 1633 – 6 October 1695) was the last ruler of Mecklenburg-Güstrow from 1636 until his death and last Lutheran Administrator of the Prince-Bishopric of Ratzeburg from 1636 to 1648.
Life.
Gustav Adolph was born at the ducal residence in Güstrow, the son of Duke John Albert II and his third wife Eleonore Marie (1600–1657), daughter of Prince Christian I of Anhalt-Bernburg.
A minor upon his father's death in 1636, his uncle Duke Adolph Frederick I of Mecklenburg-Schwerin at first became regent at Güstrow, fiercely opposed by Gustav Adolph's mother. In 1654 he came of age and married Magdalene Sibylle, a daughter of Duke Frederick III of Holstein-Gottorp. 
Their marriage produced eleven children; however, the only hereditary prince, Charles, died in 1688 at the age of 23. Gustav Adolph's daughter Marie married her cousin Adolphus Frederick II of Mecklenburg, who after the death of his father-in-law claimed the Güstrow heritage, but could not prevail against the ruling duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. A younger daughter, Louise in 1695 married the Danish crown prince Frederick IV and in 1699 became queen consort of Denmark.
Gustav Adolph died in Güstrow at the age of 62. The subsequent inheritance conflict within the House of Mecklenburg was settled by the establishment of the Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz in 1701.

</doc>
<doc id="20715918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715918" title="Charles Partridge Adams">
Charles Partridge Adams

Charles Partridge Adams (January 12, 1858 – October 14, 1942) was a largely self-taught American landscape artist who painted primarily in Colorado, and secondarily in California. Some paintings were also made in other Rocky Mountain states, the Pacific Northwest and Canada, and a few in Louisiana, the East Coast and Europe.
Biography.
Adams was born in Franklin, Massachusetts; his family moved to Denver in 1876. In 1877 he began work in the Chain and Hardy bookstore in Denver, and received lessons from Helen Henderson Chain, an artist who had studied with George Inness. In 1885 he traveled to the East Coast and visited the studios of George Inness and Worthington Whittredge, and in 1888 he traveled to California and visited the studios of William Keith and Thomas Hill. He traveled to Louisiana in 1890, and to Europe in the summer of 1914. He spent the winter of 1916 in California, and moved to Los Angeles in 1920, and built a second home in Laguna Beach in 1926. He died in Los Angeles.
The Art.
Adams is widely considered to have been Colorado’s finest landscape artist. He is best known for his stunning views of snowy mountain peaks in early morning or sunset light, or wreathed in storm clouds, and for his luminous sunset and twilight paintings of the river bottoms near Denver. His works show an intensely personal and poetic response to the Colorado mountains and plains, with unusual sensitivity to the changing effects of light, atmosphere and season.
Adams early work in the 1880s was largely representational and somewhat prosaic, with only hints of the more impressionist works to follow. His style began to coalesce in the early 1890s with some excellent luminous sunsets, some of which were in a Barbizon style, but overall his output was still uneven. In the later 1890s his painting became much more consistent, impressionist, and colorful, and this style prevailed through about 1915. After that his style became progressively “looser,” with larger brush strokes, brighter colors, more impasto, and much less attention to foreground and detail. Some paintings left at his death show only traces of his previous skill.
His mature style is best characterized as broad, impressionistic and subjective. Adams experimented freely with different palettes and lighting, and some of these were much more successful than others. He must have created several hundred paintings of Longs and Meeker Peaks from his studio in Estes Park, Colorado, yet no two are alike, and some are strikingly different.
A hallmark of Adams’ paintings was his ability to capture very fleeting lighting: the soft first pink light of alpenglow sunrise on snow-capped peaks, the colors of sunset seen through cottonwood trees, the effect of the sun shining through swiftly changing storm clouds or a summer shower. Although this lighting usually lasts for only a few minutes at most, he was able to catch it and preserve it.
All art enhances aspects of its subject matter, and de-emphasizes others. Most of Adams paintings are enhanced primarily by the use of stronger colors than one would actually find in a photograph. The evening shadows are bluer, the spring grass is greener, the sunsets more strikingly yellow or orange—and occasionally he went too far, becoming garish. He sometimes used very small areas of intense blue and red to enliven a dark shadowed area such as the heart of a clump of willows or the dark base of an aspen tree. He also made the mountains look about twice as tall as they actually look, as if seen through a telephoto lens.
Some of his earlier paintings include animals or human figures, but he was not very successful at rendering these, and later paintings do not include them.
Roughly half of Adams paintings are oils and half are watercolors, which he began painting in the early 1890s. Although some of his watercolors are masterfully detailed and very carefully done, others are much less detailed, and must have been done very quickly for the tourist trade. As one watercolorist remarked about one of these, “That one must have taken him all of 15 minutes.” Over 950 paintings have been documented. His total output is unknown, but it is estimated to have been 3,000 or more.

</doc>
<doc id="20715950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715950" title="John O'Connor (Wexford hurler)">
John O'Connor (Wexford hurler)

John O'Connor (born 1965 in Piercetown, County Wexford) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club St. Martin's and with the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1980s and 1990s. His brother George, and nephew John, also played hurling with Wexford.

</doc>
<doc id="20715956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715956" title="Shadow Mountain Lookout">
Shadow Mountain Lookout

The Shadow Mountain Lookout, also known as the Shadow Mountain Patrol Cabin, was built in Rocky Mountain National Park in 1932, to the design of the National Park Service San Francisco Landscape Architecture Division. It was regarded as one of the best National Park Service Rustic buildings in the national park system. It is now the only fire lookout surviving in Rocky Mountain National Park. Three other lookouts, now gone, were located at Twin Sisters Peak, the north fork of the Thompson River and near Long's Peak. The lookout was built by Civilian Conservation Corps labor.
Situated at an elevation of 9923 feet, the lookout is a three-story structure, with the first two stories in stone masonry, appearing to grow from a rock outcropping. The frame third story is topped by a pyramidal roof. The structure is near the summit of Shadow Mountain, looking over Grand Lake. The first floor has been used for visitor contact, while the second floor has been used as employee accommodation, usually for a married couple who would keep watch and deal with the public. The last summer season for use was 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20715978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715978" title="2003 Langerado Music Festival">
2003 Langerado Music Festival

The first Langerado was held as a single day festival and took place at Stadium Festival Fair Grounds, Ft. Lauderdale, FL. The show was held on March 8, 2003 and included three stages and fifteen bands. Approximately 3,500 fans were in attendance for the show.
Lineup.
The artists that attended the festival included moe., Medeski Martin & Wood, G. Love & Special Sauce, MOFRO, Charlie Hunter Trio, the Codetalkers feat. Col. Bruce Hampton, Reverend Jeff Mosier's Ear Reverents, raq, Moonshine Still, Perpetual Groove, Hashbrown, Almost Acoustic Band, Swayback, Kynda and DJ Le Spam.

</doc>
<doc id="20715985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715985" title="Ch. Chhunga">
Ch. Chhunga

Ch. Chhunga was the First Chief Minister of the Indian state of Mizoram
Political life.
Ch Chhunga was the Chief Executive Member of Mizoram District Council, The United Mizo Parliamentary Party, a coalition of Mizo Union and Congress Party and dominated the 1971 Village Council elctions by winning 66 of the 158 Village councils. Ch Chhunga was appointed the President of the Mizo Union in the 1952 General Assembly as the people preferred a young man instead of the much senior Bawichhuaka. Ch Chhunga held the Party president's post for 14 years during the 28 years of Mizo Union Party. Ch Chhunga won election in Kolasib constituency was appointed the Chief Minister of Union Territory of Mizoram by SP Mukherjee, the First Lt Governor of Mizoram on May 3, 1972. Ch Chhunga was instrumental of merger of Mizo Union with the Indian National Congress. The Mizo Union being a regional party depended on the center for funds and preferred to join with the Indian National Congress. Ch Chhunga was instrumental in Mizoram getting State status. He negotiated for separation of Mizoram District from Assam state.

</doc>
<doc id="20715989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715989" title="Southeastern Film Critics Association Awards 2008">
Southeastern Film Critics Association Awards 2008

December 2008
Best Film: <br>
The 17th Southeastern Film Critics Association Awards, honouring the best in film for 2008, were given in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20715999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20715999" title="2004 Langerado Music Festival">
2004 Langerado Music Festival

The second Langerado Music Festival was held on March 6, 2004, in the heart of downtown Hollywood, FL at the Young Circle Park. In excess of 4,000 people attended this show, which followed in the tradition of the previous year and was a single day event.
Lineup.
The artists that attended the festival included Cake, moe., The Wailers, G. Love & Special Sauce, Sound Tribe Sector 9, Cracker, Drive By Truckers, MOFRO, Moshi Moshi, Perpetual Groove, ulu, Brothers Past, Rana, the Spam Allstars, Seth Yacovone Band, Whirlaway, louque, the Yoko Theory and Way of the Groove.

</doc>
<doc id="20716002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716002" title="Giant Eagle LPGA Classic">
Giant Eagle LPGA Classic

The Giant Eagle LPGA Classic was an official golf tournament on the LPGA Tour held in the Youngstown, Ohio area.
From its beginnings in 1990 until 1992, it was known as The Phar-Mor in Youngstown and was held at Squaw Creek Country Club in Vienna, Ohio. It became the Youngstown-Warren LPGA Classic in 1993 and was held at Avalon Lakes Golf Club in Warren, Ohio until 2000. In 1997, Pittsburgh-based grocery store chain Giant Eagle took over the title sponsorship of the tournament. The tournament returned to Squaw Creek in 2001. The last tournament was held in 2004.
Winners.
Giant Eagle LPGA Classic
Youngstown-Warren LPGA Classic
The Phar-Mor in Youngstown

</doc>
<doc id="20716006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716006" title="Villonodular synovitis">
Villonodular synovitis

Villonodular synovitis is a type of synovial swelling.
Types include:
Though they have very different names, they have the same histology, and stain positive for CD68, HAM56, and vimentin.
They are sometimes discussed together.

</doc>
<doc id="20716012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716012" title="2005 Langerado Music Festival">
2005 Langerado Music Festival

The third Langerado Music Festival was held on March 12 and March 13 in 2005. This marked the first year of Langerado as a multi-day event and the debut of the festival at Markham Park in Sunrise, FL. Over 10,000 festival patrons attended the show in 2005. The 2005 Langerado was also the first time the event had multiple aftershows at various venues in the area, forming what came to be known as "Late-Night Langerado."
Lineup.
The artists that attended the festival included The String Cheese Incident, Medeski Martin & Wood, Toots & the Maytals, Keller Williams, Karl Denson's Tiny Universe, Michael Franti & Spearhead, De La Soul, Umphrey's McGee, MOFRO, Particle, the Dirty Dozen Brass Band, Soulive, Antibalas Afrobeat Orchestra, the New Deal, Robert Walter's 20th Congress, New Monsoon, Donavon Frankenreiter, the Benevento/Russo Duo, Kaki King, the Spam Allstars, the Hackensaw Boys, deSol, DJ Williams Projekt, Pencilgrass and the Wrinkle Neck Mules.

</doc>
<doc id="20716019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716019" title="Ignác Šustala">
Ignác Šustala

Ignác Šustala (1822, Kopřivnice, Moravia – 1891) was a Czech entrepreneur, and the founder of the Nesselsdorfer Wagenbau-Fabriksgesellschaft company, which later became Tatra.
He was born in Kopřivnice.

</doc>
<doc id="20716021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716021" title="2006 Langerado Music Festival">
2006 Langerado Music Festival

The fourth Langerado music festival was once again held at Markham Park in Sunrise, Fl on March 11 and March 12 in 2006. The fourth installment of this festival series expanded further, with several pre and post festival shows. On March 10, the festival kicked off with a separately ticketed event at the Markham Park grounds called the "Langerado Sound Check" and featured a handful of artists not performing on the actual two-day festival. Each evening on all three days of the Langerado weekend, multiple late-night shows took place at venues such as the Culture Room and the Revolution. The festival drew a reported 12,000 attendees each day.
Lineup.
The lineup for the 2006 Langerado Music Festival included Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals, The Black Crowes, The Flaming Lips, Wilco, the Meters, G. Love & Special Sauce, Robert Randolph & the Family Band, Keller Williams, Burning Spear, Slightly Stoopid, the Disco Biscuits, Umphrey's McGee, Michael Franti & Spearhead, the Secret Machines, Antibalas Afrobeat Orchestra, Drive-By Truckers, Mofro, Brazilian Girls, Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, Kinky, Lake Trout, Lotus, Kid Koala, Lyrics Born, Los Amigos Invisibles, RJD2, Steel Train, Brothers Past, Rose Hill Drive, The Spam Allstars, the New Mastersounds and the Pnuma Trio.

</doc>
<doc id="20716022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716022" title="History of NHS Scotland">
History of NHS Scotland

NHS Scotland is the publicly funded healthcare systems in Scotland. It was founded by the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1947 (since repealed by the National Health Service (Scotland) Act 1978) and was launched on May 5th, 1948, under the control of the Secretary of State for Scotland As a result of the Scotland Act 1998, control over NHS Scotland transferred to the Scottish Government and Parliament in 1999.
Background.
Prior to the creation of Scotland's NHS in 1948, the state was involved with the provision of healthcare, though it was not universal. Half of Scotland’s landmass was already covered by the Highlands and Islands Medical Service, a state-funded health system run directly from Edinburgh, which had been set up 35 years earlier. In addition, there had been a substantial state-funded hospital building programme during the war years. Scotland also had its own distinctive medical tradition, centred on its medical schools rather than private practice, and a detailed plan for the future of health provision based on the Cathcart report.
The 1947 Act provided a uniform national structure for services which had previously been provided by a combination of the Highlands and Islands Medical Service, local government, charities and private organisations which in general was only free for emergency use. The new system was funded from central taxation and did not generally involve a charge at the time of use for services concerned with existing medical conditions or vaccinations carried out as a matter of general public health requirements; prescription charges were a later introduction in 1951. However, prescription charges in Scotland were abolished by the Scottish Government on 1 April 2011, leaving England as the only country in the UK in which such charges still exist.

</doc>
<doc id="20716028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716028" title="Crystal arthropathy">
Crystal arthropathy

Crystal arthropathy refers to a type of arthropathy characterized by accumulation of crystals in joints. Polarizing microscopy and application of other crystallographic techniques have improved identification of different microcrystals including monosodium urate, calcium-pyrophosphate dihydrate, calcium hydroxyapatite, and calcium oxalate.
Types include:

</doc>
<doc id="20716030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716030" title="2007 Langerado Music Festival">
2007 Langerado Music Festival

The fifth Langerado Festival was held Friday, March 9, 2007, through Sunday, March 11, 2007. The event was expanded to three full days of music, which started with performances by Trey Anastasio and STS9 performances on Thursday, March 8.
Lineup.
Friday March 9: Trey Anastasio, moe., Sound Tribe Sector 9, Bela Fleck and the Flecktones, North Mississippi All Stars, Galactic, The Hold Steady, New Monsoon, Sharon Jones and the Dap-Kings, Tea Leaf Green, Assembly of Dust, Lotus
Saturday March 10: My Morning Jacket, Michael Franti and Spearhead, Medeski Martin and Wood, The Disco Biscuits, JJ Grey + Mofro, Soulive, Perpetual Groove, Yerba Buena, The Slip, Toubab Krewe, Apollo Sunshine, STS9
Sunday March 11: Widespread Panic, Matisyahu, O.A.R., The New Pornographers, Los Lobos, Taj Mahal, Toots & the Maytals, Cat Power and Dirty Delta, Pepper, Explosions in the Sky, New Orleans Social Club, The Mutaytor, Band of Horses, Girl Talk, The Spam Allstars, Rodrigo y Gabriela*, Kid Beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="20716056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716056" title="2008 Langerado Music Festival">
2008 Langerado Music Festival

The sixth Langerado Festival was held March 6, 2008 through March 9, 2008, making it one day longer than the previous year. The festival took place on the Big Cypress Indian Reservation, thirty miles west of Ft. Lauderdale and featured on-site camping.
Lineup.
On March 6, the artists that performed were Sonicbids Winner, Dead Confederate, Ben Jelen, Les Claypool, That 1 Guy, Golem, Busdriver, Awesome New Republic, The New Deal, Dark Star Orchestra and Perpetual Groove.
On March 7, the artists that performed were The Dynamites, American Bang, School of Rock All Stars, Brett Dennen, Earl Greyhound, Matt Pond PA, Indigenous, Backyard Tire Fire, The Walkmen, Ozomatli, Sam Bush, The Wailers, The Heavy Pets, Vampire Weekend (cancelled in order to appear on Saturday Night Live), G. Love & Special Sauce, Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars, 311, Spam Allstars, !!!, The Roots, Mickey Hart Band, Built to Spill, Beastie Boys, Bassnectar, Umphrey's McGee, Phix and Sound Tribe Sector 9.
On March 8, the artists that performed were The Postmarks, Blitzen Trapper, Trevor Hall, Railroad Earth, The Bad Plus, American Babies, State Radio, The Wood Brothers, New Mastersounds, Arrested Development, Avett Brothers (slated to play but were not there), Citizen Cope, Pnuma Trio, Dr. Dog, Ben Folds, Antibalas, Thievery Corporation, RAQ, The Benevento Russo Duo, Matisyahu, Medeski, Scofield, Martin & Wood, Ghostland Observatory, R.E.M., Pelican, The Disco Biscuits, The Lee Boys, Dan Deacon and Yard Dogs Road Show.
On March 9, the artists that performed were Chris Hartford & The Band of Changes, Will Hoges, Balkan Beat Box (slated to play but were not there), Hoots & Hellmouth, Born With Steel Teeth, Jonah Smith, Martin Sexton, Josh Ritter, Shout Out Louds, funky Meters, Pete Francis, Keller Williams, Felice Brothers, Grace Potter & The Nocturnals, Gov't Mule, Steel Train, Minus The Bear, Ani DiFranco, Blind Melon, of Montreal, Phil Lesh & Friends and The National.

</doc>
<doc id="20716086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716086" title="2009 Langerado Music Festival">
2009 Langerado Music Festival

The seventh Langerado Festival was scheduled to be held on March 6–8, 2009. The festival was planned to move to Bicentennial Park in Miami, Florida. 
This caused controversy among fans who disliked the direction the festival is heading, considering it "selling out" and saying it will lose the unique character of the festival. Another concern was the availability of parking and places to stay in Miami, as many people who attended the previous festivals simply camped out at the park or nearby camping sites. On February 3, it was announced that Langerado 2009 would be canceled due to sluggish ticket sales resulting from disenchantment over the new location, mediocre lineup, and lack of onsite camping.
Lineup.
The initial lineup was posted on December 9, 2008.
Death Cab for Cutie • Snoop Dogg • Thievery Corporation • Slightly Stoopid • Ryan Adams and the Cardinals • Dashboard Confessional • The Pogues • Matisyahu • Flogging Molly • Michael Franti & Spearhead • Broken Social Scene • Café Tacuba • Umphrey's McGee • The Disco Biscuits • Robert Randolph & The Family Band • Pepper • The Faint • Cold War Kids • Steel Pulse • Public Enemy • Gym Class Heroes • Tricky • Girl Talk • Chromeo • Mutemath • Bad Brains • Ozomatli • Against Me! • George Clinton & Parliament / Funkadelic • Tortoise • DeVotchKa • Black Kids • Grupo Fantasma • Holy Fuck • Budos Band • Tokyo Police Club • Lotus • The Virgins • The Gaslight Anthem • King Khan and the Shrines • Lucero • Murs • Ra Ra Riot • Tortured Soul • Rebelution • K'Naan • The Egg • Zac Brown Band • Tigercity • The Aggrolites • Cloud Cult • Spam Allstars • Rachel Goodrich • Blue King Brown • The Heavy Pets • Awesome New Republic • The Postmarks • Suenalo Sound System • Live Painting by LEBO • Modest Mouse • Gene Ween Band • Deerhunter • Alberta Cross

</doc>
<doc id="20716104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716104" title="Éamonn Scallan">
Éamonn Scallan

Éamonn Scallan (born 1971 in Castletown, County Wexford) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Ferns-St. Aidan's and with the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="20716125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716125" title="Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 81">
Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 81

Site 81 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome is a launch site used, along with Site 200, by Proton rockets. It consists of two launch pads, areas 23 and 24. Area 24 is used for Proton-K and Proton-M launches, while Area 23 is inactive.
Several planetary probes have been launched from Site 81. Area 23 was used to launch Mars 3, Mars 4, Mars 6 and Venera 11, whilst Area 24 was used by Mars 2, Mars 5, Mars 7, Venera 9, Venera 10 and Venera 12. Several Luna probes were also launched from both areas.
The Zarya and Zvezda modules of the International Space Station, as well as Salyut 2, 3 and 5, and the Spektr and Priroda modules of Mir, were launched from Area 23. Area 24 was used to launch Salyut 1, 4 and 6.
On 2 July 2013, a Proton-M/DM-03 launched from Site 81/24 carrying three GLONASS navigation satellites. Immediately after liftoff, the rocket began to pitch over, and rolled out of control. The rocket fell close to the launch pad and exploded, the extent of any damage to Site 81 or the Baikonur Cosmodrome is unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="20716181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716181" title="Andrew Sherwood">
Andrew Sherwood

Andrew Sherwood (ARCM) was born in Kenya, Africa and was brought up in Zimbabwe as a child, where he suffered from childhood polio. He moved to England having played the violin for three years and won a scholarship to the Royal College of Music where he studied violin and composition. He studied violin with Antonio Brosa, Sylvia Rosenberg and later with Sascha Lasserson. He studied composition with Alan Ridout. Since then he has played and conducted all over the world and had people like Howard Skempton composing music for him.
He is a Professor of Violin at Trinity College of Music and also adjudicates in musical competitions both in Britain and abroad. Currently, he is the Director of Music for the Brighton Youth Orchestra Trust, Musical Director of the Musicians of All Saints, Director of Choirs for the University of Brighton, the Conductor of the Somerset County Youth Orchestra, principal conductor for the European Youth Summer Music and conductor of the Brighton Youth Orchestra (who recently performed at the Royal Albert Hall as part of the Music For Youth 2008 School Prom). Many of his earlier students and pupils are now professional musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="20716195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716195" title="Salt well">
Salt well

A salt well (or brine well) is used to mine salt from subterranean caverns or deposits by the use of water as a solution to dissolve the salt or halite deposits so that they can be extracted by pipe to an evaporation process that results in a brine or dry product for sale or use. In the 19th century, salt wells were a highly significant source of income for the operator and the government. Locating the underground salt deposits was usually based on locations of existing salt springs.
In mountainous areas, a similar technique called sink works (from German "sinkwerk") is known.

</doc>
<doc id="20716206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716206" title="History of NHS Wales">
History of NHS Wales

NHS Wales () is the publicly funded healthcare system of Wales. NHS Wales was originally formed as part of the same NHS structure created by the National Health Service Act 1946 but powers over the NHS in Wales came under the Secretary of State for Wales in 1969. In turn, responsibility for NHS Wales was passed to the Welsh Assembly and Executive under devolution in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20716222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716222" title="John Hathaway">
John Hathaway

John Lawrence Hathaway (born 1 July 1987) is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the welterweight division. He holds notable victories over Rick Story, Paul Taylor and Diego Sanchez.
Mixed martial arts career.
Background and early career.
Formerly an open-side flanker for local rugby team Hove RFC, Hathaway decided to make the transition to mixed martial arts after watching the Ultimate Fighting championship on television. He made his professional MMA debut on the 25th June 2006, defeating his opponent via rear naked choke in the first round.
John Hathaway currently trains at London Shootfighters in London Hathaway also trained in the US with American Top Team and 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu with Eddie Bravo.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
After signing a four fight deal, Hathaway was scheduled to fight undefeated Tom Egan at UFC 93. He made an impressive UFC debut, scoring a dominant first round TKO win over Egan via elbows.
Hathaway defeated the debuting Rick Story via unanimous decision at UFC 99.
Hathaway's next fight was against Paul Taylor at UFC 105. Hathaway won a unanimous decision (30-27, 30-27, 30-26).
Hathaway then faced the biggest fight of his career as he fought Diego Sanchez on May 29, 2010 at UFC 114, in Sanchez' return to welterweight. In the first round, Hathaway dropped Sanchez with a knee to the head, as Sanchez attempted a takedown. Hathaway then dominated with ground and pound. The rest of the fight saw Hathaway utilize his reach advantage to dominate the striking, which gave him the unanimous decision victory.
Hathaway was expected to face Dong Hyun Kim at UFC 120, but Kim was forced out of the bout with an injury and replaced by Mike Pyle. Hathaway lost to Pyle via unanimous decision after being overmatched by the heavy underdog. This loss was also the first of his career.
Hathaway fought Kris McCray on March 26, 2011 at UFC Fight Night 24. The fight was closely contested throughout. However, Hathaway walked away the winner via split decision.
Hathaway was expected to face Pascal Krauss on November 5, 2011 at UFC 138. However, on August 30 Krauss pulled out of the bout citing a shoulder injury, and was replaced by Matt Brown. On October 17, Hathaway himself was forced to pull out of the bout due to an undisclosed injury. As a result, Brown was pulled from the card and shifted to UFC 139.
Hathaway/Krauss took place on May 5, 2012 at UFC on Fox 3. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Hathaway beat John Maguire via unanimous decision on September 29, 2012 at UFC on Fuel TV 5.
Hathaway was expected to face Erick Silva on June 8, 2013 at UFC on Fuel TV 10. However, Hathaway was pulled from the bout in late April and replaced by Jason High.
Hathaway returned from his extended hiatus to face Dong Hyun Kim on March 1, 2014 at . He lost the fight via third round knockout due to a spinning back elbow.

</doc>
<doc id="20716295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716295" title="North Bismarck Plate">
North Bismarck Plate

The North Bismarck Plate is a small tectonic plate located in the Bismarck Sea off the northeast coast of New Guinea.
Tectonics.
To the north it collides with the Pacific Plate and the Caroline Plate, part of the western part subducts under the Woodlark Plate of New Guinea, and it is separated from the South Bismarck Plate by a divergent boundary called Bismarck Seismic Sea Lineation (BSSL). The plate is moving easterly along with the Pacific plate. It is in a very seismically active area. Between the plate and the Caroline Plate is the Manus Trench and between the plate and the Pacific plate is the Kilinailai Trench.

</doc>
<doc id="20716308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716308" title="Roland Goriupp">
Roland Goriupp

Roland Goriupp (born April 24, 1971 in Graz) is a retired Austrian football player.
International career.
Goriupp played his only game for Austria national football team in 2002 in a 2-6 loss to Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20716368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716368" title="Tony Cicoria">
Tony Cicoria

Anthony Cicoria, MD (born 1952) is a doctor specializing in orthopedic medicine, orthopedic surgery, orthotics, prosthetic supplies, and sports medicine. He is best known for acquiring an unusual affinity for music after being struck by lightning. He was profiled in neurologist Oliver Sacks' book "" (2007).
Personal information.
Cicoria is a practicing orthopedic surgeon, and is Chief of the Medical Staff and Chief of Orthopedics at Chenango Memorial Hospital, Norwich, New York. He is also Clinical Assistant Professor of Orthopedics at State University of New York Upstate Medical University, in Syracuse. He received his BS in Biology from The Citadel and graduated from the Medical University of South Carolina (MD, PhD) and the University of Virginia Orthopedic Surgery Residency.
In 2004, Cicoria got divorced. During that same year, he had a serious motorcycle accident. Within two months he had completely recovered and returned to work.
He lives in Oneonta, New York and has three children in college.
Struck by lightning.
In 1994, when Tony Cicoria was 42 years old, he was struck by lightning near Albany, New York, while standing next to a public telephone. He had just hung up the phone and was about a foot away when a rogue bolt of lightning struck. He recalled seeing his own body on the ground surrounded by a bluish-white light. Cicoria’s heart had apparently stopped, but he was resuscitated by a woman, (coincidentally an intensive-care-unit nurse) who was waiting to use the telephone.
After the accident.
Cicoria suffered burns to his face and left foot where the electrical charge had entered and exited his body.
Several weeks after the accident Cicoria consulted a neurologist because he was having difficulties with his memory and was feeling sluggish. The neurological exam, including an EEG and an MRI, found nothing unusual. After a few weeks his energy returned and he went back to work. Two weeks later, his memory problems disappeared. His life had apparently returned to normal.
Then Cicoria, over a period of two or three days, became struck with an insatiable desire to listen to piano music. He acquired a piano and started to teach himself to play. His head was flooded with music that seemed to come from nowhere. Although, previous to his accident, he had no particular interest in music, within three months of being struck by lightning Cicoria spent nearly all his time playing and composing.
Musical career.
Tony Cicoria debuted his first piano composition in Westport, Connecticut, on October 12, 2007.
In 2007, under the direction of Polly van der Linde, Tony has given recitals at the Sonata Adult Piano Camp, in Bennington, Vermont, where he has played Chopin’s "Military Polonaise", Op. 40 (in 2002), Chopin’s "Fantaisie-Impromptu" (in 2003), Brahms’ "Rhapsody", Op. 79, No. 2 (in 2005), Chopin’s "Scherzo in B-flat Minor, Op. 31" (in 2006) and an earlier version of his own composition, "Lightning Sonata".
January 29, 2008 marked an important milestone in Cicoria's musical career. He publicly debuted at the Goodrich Theater in Oneonta, New York, presented by the Catskill Conservatory in association with the SUNY at Oneonta. The performance was assisted by a grant from the NYS Council on the Arts. This performance was recorded live by Granada Media UK, BBC One, and German National Television.
Cicoria has appeared in numerous magazines including, "The Week", "SuperConsciousness Magazine", and "Financial Times".
He has appeared in numerous television presentations including: BBC One’s documentary "Imagine", Canada’s "The Hour", Granada Media’s documentary "My Strange Brain", "WSKG TV Expressions" and the "NOVA" episode "Musical Minds".
Cicoria is also working on several other solo piano pieces, including a 4-hand / 2-piano piece, a symphony based on Brahms' "Variation", op. 9, and a concerto.
He is also writing a book detailing the origin of his musical experience.

</doc>
<doc id="20716436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716436" title="Thomas Tamm">
Thomas Tamm

Thomas Tamm (born 1952) is a former attorney in the United States Department of Justice Office of Intelligence Policy and Review during the period in 2004 when senior Justice officials fought against the widening scope of warrantless NSA surveillance that consisted of eavesdropping on U.S. citizens. He was an anonymous whistleblower to "The New York Times", making the initial disclosure regarding the issue.
Background.
A 1974 graduate of Brown University, he is a former attorney in the United States Department of Justice Office of Intelligence Policy and Review.
"The New York Times" article on December 16, 2005 exposing the warrantless NSA surveillance for the first time, was based on his initial tip-offs.
Over a year later in 2007, his house was raided by the FBI agents on suspicion of his involvement in leaking the details, but it wasn't until 2008 — online on the 13 December, and then in the December 22, 2008 issue of "Newsweek" — that his role was confirmed and he began speaking out publicly.
On April 26, 2011, after a lengthy criminal investigation, the Justice Department announced that it would be dropping its investigation of Tamm and would not file charges.
Related events in 2012.
On August 22, 2012 "The New York Times" published an "Op-doc" in a forum of short documentaries produced by independent filmmakers, was produced by Laura Poitras and entitled, "The Program". It is related to the issues of concern to Tamm.
The documentary is preliminary work that will be included in a documentary planned for release in 2013 as the final part of the trilogy. The documentary is based on interviews with William Binney, a 32-year veteran of the National Security Agency, who also became a whistleblower and described the details of the Stellar Wind project that he helped to design.
Binney states that the program he worked on had been designed for foreign espionage, but in 2001 was converted to spying on citizens in the United States, prompting concerns by him and others (such as Tamm) that the actions were illegal and unconstitutional, which led to disclosures.
The subject implies that the facility being built at Bluffdale, Utah is a facility that is part of that domestic surveillance, intended for storage of massive amounts of data collected from a broad range of communications that may be mined readily for intelligence without warrants.
Poitras reports in commentary accompanying the video that on October 29, 2012 the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments regarding the constitutionality of the amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) that were used to authorize the creation of such facilities and justify such actions.

</doc>
<doc id="20716485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716485" title="The Battle of the Sexes (1928 film)">
The Battle of the Sexes (1928 film)

The Battle of the Sexes (1928) is a film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Jean Hersholt, Phyllis Haver, Belle Bennett, Don Alvarado and Sally O'Neil, and released by United Artists. The film was a remake by Griffith of an earlier film he directed in 1914, which starred Lillian Gish. Both films are based on the short story "The Single Standard" by Daniel Carson Goodman; the story was adapted for this production by Gerrit J. Lloyd.
The film was released as both a silent film, and in a sound version using the Movietone sound-on-film system. In 2004, the film was released on DVD by Image Entertainment. The theme song of the motion picture, "Just a Sweetheart", by Dave Dryer, Josef Pasternack and Nathaniel Shilkret (recorded versions of which are available, for example, on a commercially issued Paul Whiteman CD) was omitted from the DVD.
Plot.
Marie Skinner (Phyllis Haver) is a gold digger with her hooks out for devoted middle-aged family man J.C. Hudson (Jean Hersholt), a portly real estate tycoon, who falls for her when she contrives to meet him. When his wife (Belle Bennett) and grown children, Ruth (Sally O'Neil) and Billy (William Bakewell) discover him dancing with Marie at a nightclub, J.C. leaves home the next day. Ruth seeks out Marie to shoot her, but is interrupted by Marie's boyfriend, jazz hound Babe Winsor (Don Alvarado), who takes a shine to her. When Judson walks in on them he condemns her licentiousness, but is forced to face his double standard when he witnesses a violent argument between Marie and Babe. Full of contrition, J.C. returns to home and hearth and the bosom of his loving family.

</doc>
<doc id="20716491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716491" title="Okinawa Plate">
Okinawa Plate

The Okinawa Plate is a long narrow tectonic plate stretching from the northern end of Taiwan to the southern tip of the island of Kyūshū. To the east lies the Ryukyu Trench and the Pacific Plate. It is separated from the Yangtze Plate (often considered part of the Eurasian Plate) by a rift that forms the Okinawa Trough which is a Back arc basin.
References.
Bird, P. (2003) An updated digital model of plate boundaries, Geochemistry Geophysics Geosystems, 4(3), 1027, . [http://peterbird.name/publications/2003_PB2002/2003_PB2002.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20716501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716501" title="Zeljko Radovic">
Zeljko Radovic

Zeljko Radovic (born April 6, 1974 in Vienna) is an Austrian football player currently playing for IC Favoriten.
International career.
Radovic is former member of the Austria national football team and earned his only cap in 2000 in the qualification to the FIFA World Cup 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20716503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716503" title="Lorelei Shannon">
Lorelei Shannon

Lorelei Shannon (born 1965 in Mesa, Arizona) is an American writer of horror and computer games. 
Shannon is the author of a number of books and short stories. Her work has been listed in "The Supernatural Index: A Listing of Fantasy, Supernatural, Occult, Weird, and Horror Anthologies", by Mike Ashley and William G. Contento. She co-edited the anthology "Hours of Darkness" for Scorpius Digital Publishing, which contained stories by well-known horror authors such as Ramsey Campbell, Peter Crowther, Dennis Etchison, Joe R. Lansdale, and Richard Christian Matheson. 
She is a designer and screenwriter for three games from Sierra On-Line. Shannon co-designed King's Quest VII, the second last of Sierra Entertainment's history-making King's Quest computer game series, with Sierra founder Roberta Williams. Shannon's sequel to Roberta Williams's horror game Phantasmagoria, called , caused a storm of controversy when it was banned in Singapore and Australia for violent and sexual content. Sears stores throughout the U.S. refused to carry the game. Throughout Shannon's time at Sierra On-Line, she wrote material for many classic Sierra games such as Laura Bow and Police Quest, and worked with many of Sierra's "stars," such as Scott Murphy, Al Lowe, Corey Cole, Josh Mandel, and Jane Jensen.
Shannon founded the Rain City Hearse Club in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20716548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716548" title="Continental A40">
Continental A40

The Continental A40 engine is a carbureted four-cylinder, horizontally opposed, air-cooled aircraft engine that was developed especially for use in light aircraft by Continental Motors. It was produced between 1931 and 1941.
Design and development.
The A40 was introduced in the depths of the Great Depression. At the time there were a number of small engines available but all suffered from either high cost, complexity, or low reliability. The A-40 addressed all those shortcomings and was instrumental in the production of light aircraft in the difficult economic constraints of the period. The A-40-4 introduced an increase in power to . The engine later inspired the A-50 and subsequent engines.
The A40 featured single ignition until the A-40-5 version, which introduced dual ignition. All engines in this family have a 5.2:1 compression ratio and were designed to run on fuel with a minimum octane rating of 73.
The entire family of engines had its certification terminated on 1 November 1941. Engines produced before that date are still certified, but none can be produced after that date.

</doc>
<doc id="20716557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716557" title="Alan Black">
Alan Black

Alan Black may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20716577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716577" title="Zé Ramalho Canta Raul Seixas">
Zé Ramalho Canta Raul Seixas

Zé Ramalho Canta Raul Seixas is the sixteenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It is a tribute album to another well-known Brazilian guitarist, Raul Seixas. It was released in 2001. Zé wanted to record an album with Raul when he was alive. More than a decade after his death, he decided to record this tribute album, but he faced opposition from the writer Paulo Coelho, who refused to grant permission for Zé Ramalho to record the songs he had composed with Raul. Zé ended up recording only songs Raul had composed alone. Zé later stated, referring to Coelho's refusal: ""It was rude, with absolutely no elegance. But there's no way for someone to stop me.""
Track listing.
All music by Raul Seixas, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20716589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716589" title="St. Louis Gateway Film Critics Association Awards 2008">
St. Louis Gateway Film Critics Association Awards 2008

5th SLGFCA Awards<br>
December 15, 2008
Best Film: <br>
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Best Director: <br>
Danny Boyle<br>
"Slumdog Millionaire"
The 5th St. Louis Gateway Film Critics Association Awards were awarded on December 15, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20716597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716597" title="Killukin">
Killukin

Killukin or Killucan a parish in the barony of Boyle, County Roscommon, and Province of Connacht, on the road from Carrick-on-Shannon to Ballina containing, with part of the market and post town of Carrick (with which it is connected by a bridge over the River Shannon) it is bound on the north by the parish of Toomna on the west, partly by the parish of Eastersnow, and partly by that of Ardcarne on the south by the Parish of Killummond and on the east by the river Shannon.
Origin of name.
The origin of the name, as in most place names in Ireland, is a description of some geographical feature, Lucia means rushy place, as can be seen, by the river which shelters the place. The place most likely began as a hermitage in times soon after St. Patrick. Local tradition claims that there was a monastic settlement in the field between Cordrehid Road and the graveyard road and a round tower located somewhere on the boundary within Stephen Murray's land.
Killukin, which derives from Cillibhicin in Irish and pronounced Kill-Evickeen. The saint seems to be the person whom the catalogue of the churches of the Diocese of Elphin calls Lunecharia and asserts to be venerated on 7 June in a certain chapel of the same diocese called Kill Lunechair which lies near the Episcopal See.

</doc>
<doc id="20716660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716660" title="Strodtmann">
Strodtmann

Strodtmann is a German surname.
People called Strodtmann:

</doc>
<doc id="20716668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716668" title="Walter Mattli">
Walter Mattli

Walter Mattli is a Fellow in Politics at St. John's College and Professor of International Political Economy in the Department of Politics and International Relations at Oxford University. Professor Mattli is the Senior member of the Oxford international relations society.
Walter Mattli was born in Lucerne, Switzerland. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Geneva (Switzerland) and his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago (USA). From 1995 until 2004 he taught at Columbia University in New York where he was Associate Professor of International Political Economy and a member of the Institute of War and Peace Studies.
In 1995, Walter Mattli was awarded the Helen Dwight Reid Award of the American Political Science Association, in 2003 the JP Morgan International Prize in Finance Policy and Economics of the American Academy in Berlin, and in 2006 a two-year British Academy Research Fellowship. In 2012, he was appointed co-editor of the journal Regulation and Governance. He serves also as editor (with Liesbeth Hooghe and Gary Marks) of a new book series with Oxford University Press titled "Transformations in Governance". He is the winner (with Alex Stone Sweet of Yale Law School) of the open competition for the editorship of the 50th anniversary special issues of the "Journal of Common Market Studies" published in March 2012. Before beginning his graduate studies, he worked in international banking.
Professor Mattli's publications include "The Logic of Regional Integration: Europe and Beyond" (Cambridge University Press, 1999), "The Politics of Global Regulation" (Princeton University Press, 2009, with Ngaire Woods, eds), "The New Global Rulers: the Privatization of Regulation in the World Economy" (Princeton University Press, March 2011, with Tim Buthe), winner of the 2012 Best Book Award of the International Studies Association ISA, "Institutional Choice and Global Commerce" (Cambridge University Press, 2013, with Joseph Jupille and Duncan Snidal), "International Arbitration and Global Governance: Contending Theories and Evidence" (Oxford University Press, 2014, with Thomas Dietz, eds), as well as articles on European legal integration, EU enlargement, comparative regional integration, international commercial dispute resolution, transatlantic regulatory cooperation, and globalization and international governance.

</doc>
<doc id="20716678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716678" title="Wanshengwei Station">
Wanshengwei Station

Wanshengwei Station () is an interchange station between Lines 4 and 8 of the Guangzhou Metro, and also the terminus of Line 8. It started operations on 26 December 2005. It is an underground station and located near the junction of Xingang East Road () and Xijiao South Road () in Haizhu District.
This station, like the others on Line 8, ran as part of a single route with the current Line 2 until the extension to both lines opened in late 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20716697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716697" title="Panama Plate">
Panama Plate

The Panama Plate is a small tectonic plate sandwiched between the Cocos Plate and Nazca Plate to the south and the Caribbean Plate to the north. Most of its borders are convergent boundaries including a subduction zone to the west. It consists, for the most part, of the nations of Panama and Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="20716702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716702" title="Nərimanabad, Yevlakh">
Nərimanabad, Yevlakh

Nərimanabad is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,680. 

</doc>
<doc id="20716703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716703" title="Kövər">
Kövər

Kövər is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 2,422. The municipality consists of the villages of Kövər and Kolanı. 

</doc>
<doc id="20716704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716704" title="Randall Pinkston">
Randall Pinkston

Early life and education.
Born in Yazoo County, Mississippi, he attended Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, originally intending to pursue a career in law. However, after his father died, he moved back to Mississippi and earned a bachelor's degree in 1973 from Millsaps College in Jackson, Mississippi. He also earned a law degree from University of Connecticut in 1980.
Professional career.
Pinkston began his career at WLBT-TV in Jackson, Mississippi, where he worked as an anchor and reported from 1971 until 1974. He then worked for WJXT-TV from 1974 until 1976, as urban affairs director, a general assignment reporter and the producer of a daily public affairs program. From 1976 until 1980, Pinkston worked for WFSB-TV in Hartford, where he served as a reporter, an anchor and the producer of several public affairs programs and specials.
From 1980 until 1990, Pinkston worked for WCBS-TV in New York, where he served as a reporter and as the station's New Jersey correspondent from 1989 until 1990.
In 1990, Pinkston joined CBS News as its White House correspondent. He spent two years covering President George H. W. Bush, including breaking the news in January 1992 of the president falling ill while dining with Japan's prime minister, Kiichi Miyazawa. From 1992 until 1994, Pinkston remained in CBS's Washington bureau.
In 1994, Pinkston wa moved to CBS's New York bureau. He reports today for the "CBS Evening News" and also for other CBS news broadcasts. He has covered the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as the U.S. intervention in Haiti, the Unabomber story, the standoff involving the Montana Freemen and the trial of Susan Smith.
In November 2000, Pinkston was a leading candidate for the top job anchoring at WBBM-TV in Chicago. He taped an audition in November 2000 with longtime WBBM news anchor Linda MacLennan, according to an article in the November 15, 2000, edition of the "Chicago Sun-Times". Ultimately, however, the station gave the job to insider David Kerley.
On May 19, 2013 it was announced that Pinkston was leaving CBS after 33 years with the company.
In early September 2013 he joined Al Jazeera America as a freelance journalist.
Awards.
Pinkston has won three national Emmy awards (1996, 1997, 1998) and one RTNDA Edward R. Murrow Award (1996).
Personal.
Pinkston and his wife, Patricia McLain, live in Teaneck, New Jersey, in Bergen County.

</doc>
<doc id="20716706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716706" title="Don Procopio">
Don Procopio

Don Procopio is a two-act opera buffa by Georges Bizet with an Italian libretto completed in 1859, and first performed in 1906.
Background.
Bizet spent three years in Italy, 1857 to 1860, as winner of the Prix de Rome. Looking for inspiration for a work to send home, he found the subject for his opera buffa in a second-hand bookstall in Rome, writing home that the piece was "an Italian farce in the manner of "Don Pasquale"" by Carlo Cambiaggio (1798-1880). The words were a reduced version of "I pretendenti delusi" (1811) by Giuseppe Mosca (1772-1839).
Composition was sporadic over the winter of 1858-59; Bizet confessed that he was still trying to find his voice, although he intentionally aimed at an Italian style for this piece. The report from the Prix de Rome judges noted advances, but a later report signed by Ambroise Thomas criticised Bizet for sending an 'opéra bouffe' as his first envoi and suggested he divert his attention away from this toward sacred music (although Bizet failed to submit a religious envoi of any sort from Rome).
Performance history.
There are three printed scores of "Don Procopio", a vocal score published in 1905 before the premiere, a full score and a second vocal score, all of which are misleading by failing to distinguish genuine Bizet from fake (entr’acte and recitatives). The second and third scores contain two airs for "Don Procopio" adapted from Bizet’s songs; additional instruments were added to the scoring. The autograph score of "Don Procopio" was discovered in the papers left by Daniel Auber at his death in 1871 and it was acquired from the Auber family by the Paris Conservatoire in 1894.
The first production, in the revised edition by Charles Malherbe, was at the Salle Garnier in Monte Carlo, Monaco on 10 March 1906, in a double-bill with "Pagliacci". There were performances in Barcelona in 1907 and Rome in 1908. The original version was performed at the Théatre Municipal in Strasbourg on 6 February 1958. 
A recording in Russian, conducted by Vladimir Yesipov, was issued by Melodiya in 1962. The opera has been broadcast (in Italian) by the BBC, and in 1975 by French Radio.
Synopsis.
The plot is almost identical to "Don Pasquale" by Donizetti. Don Andronico, an old miser, wants to marry his niece Bettina to another miser. Don Procopio, because he is worried that a young man will spend all her money. Bettina is however in love with Colonel Odoardo. Assisted by her aunt Eusebia and brother Ernesto they plan to thwart the old men. Procopio is terrified that Bettina appears to be a spendthrift and grasping and tries to get out of the marriage. When she insists he abandons the contract and flees, and Andronico consents to the union of the young lovers.
Music.
The music is a brilliant, youthful work, free of the influence of Bizet’s teacher Charles Gounod; it is a vital and sparkling imitation of "Don Pasquale". The familiar idiom is infused with original touches of harmony, orchestration and melodic turn.
The ensembles are particularly successful in using all the stock devices of opera buffa: voices in thirds, staccato chord accompanying and repetition of words. Ernesto’s "Non v’e signor" is an exact parallel of Malatesta's "Bella siccome un angelo" – in both, the baritone describes his sister's charms to the old man, in D flat.
Bizet used several episodes in later works:
while the March in Act I is taken from the finale of his Symphony in C of 1855.

</doc>
<doc id="20716719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716719" title="Dick Sipek">
Dick Sipek

Richard Francis Sipek was a Major League Baseball outfielder, and the only deaf person to play in the majors between Dummy Murphy in and Curtis Pride in . He played in 82 games for the Cincinnati Reds in .

</doc>
<doc id="20716729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716729" title="Kolanı, Yevlakh">
Kolanı, Yevlakh

Kolanı is a village in the municipality of Kövər in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20716738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716738" title="Bünyadabad">
Bünyadabad

Bünyadabad is a village in the municipality of Səmədabad in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20716753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716753" title="Nurulular">
Nurulular

Nurulular is a village in the municipality of Qaramanlı in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20716755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716755" title="New York Film Critics Online Awards 2008">
New York Film Critics Online Awards 2008

8th NYFCCO Awards<br>
December 15, 2008
Best Film: <br>
The 8th New York Film Critics Online Awards, honoring the best in filmmaking in 2008, were given on 15 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20716784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716784" title="Michal Gottwald">
Michal Gottwald

Club career.
Gottwald has previously played for FK Dukla Banská Bystrica, MŠK Žilina and ŠK Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Superliga. He had a spell in the Greek Super League with OFI Crete and in the Greek Beta Ethniki with Agios Nikolaos F.C. He also had a brief spell with Legia Warsaw in the Polish Ekstraklasa.

</doc>
<doc id="20716785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716785" title="Nagaland Post">
Nagaland Post

Nagaland Post is an English newspaper published from Dimapur in Nagaland in India.
Launched on December 3, 1990, Nagaland Post is the first and highest circulated advertisement and obituary newspaper of Nagaland State. Nagaland Post is the first newspaper in Nagaland to be published in color in Nagaland and also the first newspaper of the region to be published in multi-color. It is the only newspaper in the state with authentic ABC certification.
Nagaland Post is the only newspaper in Nagaland which has been bringing out a weekly supplement(Sunday Post).
External links.
Nagaland Post

</doc>
<doc id="20716793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716793" title="Chris Olsen">
Chris Olsen

Chris Olsen (1983) is a jazz pianist, composer, poet, and vocalist. Currently a member of the fusion group Time in Motion (or TIM), and former member of South Dakota based funk ensemble Greenhouse.
Born in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, he began piano at age 4, studied classical piano at the University of Sioux Falls, and moved to the Boulder, Colorado in 2005 studying under the instruction of Art Lande. He made the first record of his own compositions in 2006 at Immersive Studios utilizing a grand piano. Chris later switched gears to incorporate a Fender Rhodes and various other electronic keyboards coupled with various effects and often looping tones and noises from the keyboard over his jazz-based compositions.
In 2002 he recorded and performed with the Sioux Falls area group Greenhouse. Chris now lives in Boulder, Colorado and tours actively with the Fusion-trio Time in Motion with bandmates Dan Pearson on alto/barry/and tenor saxophone along with local Boulder drum instructor Steve Saviano.
The trio's performances involve highly original numbers, make extensive use of unique altered-meter time signatures placing emphasis on Saviano's rhythmic prowess; most notably the original composition "Triptoeing Through the Tulips" found on the bands 2008 LP release "Heal thy Life" which was recorded at Colorado Sound Studios.
External links.
Time in Motion Music*[http://www.timeinmotionmusic.com]
Immersive Studios*[http://www.immersivestudios.com]
Colorado Sound Studios*[http://www.coloradosound.com]

</doc>
<doc id="20716800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716800" title="Düzdaq">
Düzdaq

Düzdaq is a village in the municipality of Nemətabad in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20716806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716806" title="Quşçu, Yevlakh">
Quşçu, Yevlakh

Quşçu is a village in the municipality of Xaldan in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
Quşçu has population of over 800 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20716830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716830" title="Hans Adolf Erdmann von Auerswald">
Hans Adolf Erdmann von Auerswald

Hans Adolf Erdmann von Auerswald (1792 – September 18, 1848) was a Prussian general and politician.
Biography.
Auerswald was born in Faulen, West Prussia where the family possessed the estates of Plauth and Tromnau.
He entered the Prussian army in 1813 and by 1848 had become a major general. Three precincts had elected him to the Frankfurt parliament where he joined the conservatives, but he did not participate in the party leadership or the debates. On September 17, 1848, a gathering on the Pfingstweide in Frankfurt led by Franz Zitz had, on account of the parliament's decision regarding the truce of Malmö, declared the members thereof traitors to the fatherland, freedom and honor. The result was the uprising on the next day where a mob went looking for Reichsminister Hekscher and Prince Felix Lichnowsky. Auerswald had ridden out with Lichnowsky, and by the Friedberger Gate, the mob discovered them. They tried to flee. At the Bethmann villa, Auerswald was mortally felled by a pistol shot. Lichnowsky was beaten up and died the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="20716860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716860" title="Pazhou Station">
Pazhou Station

Pazhou Station () is a station of Line 8 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 June 2003. It is located at the underground of Xingang East Road () in Pazhou, Haizhu District, with Shangri-La Hotel Pazhou and Guangzhou International Convention Exhibition Center (the main venue for Canton Fair) nearby.
Before the extension to both lines 2 and 8 opened in September 2010, this station ran as part of Line 2 as a single Line from Wanshengwei to Sanyuanli.

</doc>
<doc id="20716862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716862" title="Episodes">
Episodes

Episodes may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20716871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716871" title="National Prison Department (Brazil)">
National Prison Department (Brazil)

The National Prison Department in Brazil (DEPEN), is the agency responsible for security and administration of the Brazil federal prison system (Sistema Penitenciário Federal). This agency was reorganized in 2006, with the passage of several new laws and the construction of new prisons.
Federal prisons.
There are five prisons in the system.
See also.
Brazilian Federal Police

</doc>
<doc id="20716898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716898" title="Shetland Plate">
Shetland Plate

The Shetland Plate is a small tectonic plate located off the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula. 
It is mostly surrounded by the Antarctic Plate, the western border being a subduction zone. The South Shetland Islands are formed from that collision.

</doc>
<doc id="20716916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716916" title="Exiles Trilogy">
Exiles Trilogy

Exiles is a fantasy novel trilogy by American author Melanie Rawn. The trilogy consists of two published books, The Ruins of Ambrai 1994, The Mageborn Traitor 1997, and the as yet unpublished final novel The Captal's Tower.
"Exiles" is set in Lenfell, a world with a matriarchal society. The Rising, a rebellion, is growing to combat the unjust Tier system and treatment of men and mageborns. There are predominantly three facets of power vying for control, each represented by a daughter of the House of Ambrai. Glenin, the oldest, represents the Lords of Malerris, mageborn following the Weaver. Sarra, the middle daughter, represents politics as First Daughter of Blooded adoptive family. Cailet, the youngest, represents the once-powerful and thought-to-be-extinct Mage Guardians.
Mageborn.
A Mageborn is a person born with magical aptitude. A mageborn must learn to control her/his magic or have the magic warded; otherwise, the magic could become wild. 
There are two warring factions of mageborn, the Mage Guardians and the Lords of Malerris. The war between factions escalated until it nearly destroyed all of Lenfell in the Waste Wars. This battle released Wild Magic and created the Waste. After the battle people distrusted and hated mageborn. As a result many mageborn were hunted and killed, until they were thought to be extinct.
Mage Guardians.
The Mage Guardians had been the protectors of the people of Lenfell, but after the Waste Wars many were killed and the few survivors had to go into hiding.
All Mages follow the Captal, who has the knowledge of all previous Captals. There are three different specializations of Mage Guardians: Warrior Mage, Healer Mage, and Scholar Mage. The Warrior Mages use magic and swords in combat. They are led by the First Sword, second in command to the Mage Captal. Healer Mages are trained to use magic and wards to heal wounds, both physical and mental. They usually excel in defensive warding. Mage Guardians do not need a specailization, they make-up the majority of Mages. Mageborn, who are still in training, are Prentice Mages.
Lords of Malerris.
The Lords of Malerris believe that their patron saint, the Weaver, has a plan for Lenfell woven into the Great Loom. The First Lord rules the Lords in the hidden Malerris Castle. She/he guides the others in weaving/revealing the Weaver's tapestry. The Fifth Lord acts as the scissors, cutting the strings no longer need or knotting the weaving. The strings are usually people's lives. A woman cannot become a lady of Malerris until she has born a child.
The order of command for the Lords of Malerris goes as such
Lenfell.
Lenfell is the fictional world portrayed in the series. The capital is Ryka Court, and the land is divided into Shirs. It is a federal system governed by the Council, which seats a representative from every Shir, and is led by the First Councillor.
One of the defining events in Lenfell's history was the Waste Wars, in which two factions of magic, the Malerissi and the Mage Guardians, fought and set loose cataclysmic magic. The resulting outburst of magic let loose upon the world caused many deaths and birth defects that lasted for generations. Because of the war, women of particular bloodlines rule Lenfell, due to the difficulty in giving birth and the need to repopulate. The Bloods and Tiers, a forced class system, were also created due to the war.
The Malerissi and the Mage Guardians continue to be antagonistic.
Lenfell is a corruption of the term "Land-fall" used by the early, Catholic refugee settlers of the world.
Bloods and Tiers.
As the importance of women increased, men lost prominence and all power in the aftermath of the Waste Wars. After a time, men became akin to slaves in society's eyes. A Tierless woman is considered above a man. First Daughters can marry their male family members off for political and business gains. A man is supposed to lower his eyes for women and always wear coifs in public to cover their hair. The prestige, power, and political influence a woman can have is often based on her Tier. A man of a higher Tier will be sought after for a consort to enrich or preserve a bloodline.
The Tier system was seemingly abolished upon the marriage of the Lady Glenin Feiran (née Ambrai) to Garon Anniyas. Although officially there are no more Bloods or Tiers, the people of Lenfell have long memories of their status and that of others.
Government.
The First Councillor presides over the Council of Lenfell in the capital, Ryka Court. Each Shir is represented by a Senior and Junior Councillor. Councillors are women or men, usually a Blood.
Each Shir is ruled by the First Daughter of the ruling Blood family. Some Shirs have ruling families with titles from before the Waste Wars, such as the Grand Duchess of Domburronshir.
Cities and towns (shirs).
Several notable cities dot Lenfell's landscape. There is the capital, Ryka Court, where the Council meets.
Ambrai, capital of Ambraishir and former center of culture and Mage Guardians, was destroyed by Auvry Feiran and the Council Guard but is being rebuilt.
Other cities are known for various things, including beautiful Saints murals, gardens, and ironworks, among other things.
The Rising.
The Rising is the rebellion formed in large part by the Ostins. The Rising opposes the growing power of the First Councillor, the Tier system, and the unfair treatment of men. The introduction of mandatory identity disks greatly strengthens the ranks of the rebellion. The disks stated the name and Tier of its owner and were required to be worn at all times.
The Rising uses a matrix of communications created by Sarra Liwellan to keep members safe from traitors. A similar system comprising minstrels is organized by Collan Rosvenir to gather information.
Religion.
The peoples of Lenfell believe in a Calendar of Saints. Each Saint has a dedicated week in the thirty-six week calendar. There is also Wraithenday, which commemorates the fallen of the past. Given names are almost always variations of a Saint's name (their Name Saint) and each person has a Birth Saint for the Week of their birth. Each Saint is a patron of various abilities or characteristics. A person is free the follow and/or pray to whichever Saint she/he chooses, the exception being the Lords of Malerris, who only follow the Weaver.

</doc>
<doc id="20716930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716930" title="Hearts of Hoodlums">
Hearts of Hoodlums

Hearts of Hoodlums is the second full length album by the punk band Whole Wheat Bread. It was released on January 20, 2009, though it became available to download on iTunes on January 6, 2009. This album is said to have received help from Lil Jon, Tim Armstrong, Murs, and Mike McColgan.
Track listing.
For some fans that purchased the album ahead of time online there was a problem with shipping the disc. Those fans were offered a free download from the Fighting Records website. That version of the album featured 13 tracks. The fourth track was Ghost Muzik, featuring Lil Jon. All the other tracks remained the same.

</doc>
<doc id="20716946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716946" title="Michael Tarn">
Michael Tarn

Michael Tarn (born 18 December 1953) is a British film and television actor. He is best known for playing Pete in Stanley Kubrick's film "A Clockwork Orange" (1971).
Was cast as Pete in A Clockwork Orange and was the only true teenager (16–17 years) in the gang, the others being in their mid-20s. Subsequently had lead roles in "It's A Lovely Day Tomorrow" directed by John Goldschmidt, and the name role in "Zigger Zagger", directed by Ron Smedley. After guest appearances in a succession of TV series he was cast in "Where There's Brass" for Yorkshire Television. Unknown to him his then agent had negotiated him out of the series and his career as a film and TV actor was effectively over. He made a few brief appearances over the next 20 years, the final one in 2000 when he played the part of Vic in "Shooters" for Coolbean Productions with Emma Watson, Gerard Butler, Aidan Quinn amongst a host of other well known British actors. Amongst his theatre credits included spells with both the RSC and National Theatre Companies, with critically acclaimed parts as Rick in "Sticks and Bones" with Peter Weller, Rex in "City Sugar" by Stephen Poliakoff at the Comedy Theatre with Adam Faith. Jaques in "Jaques and His Master" by Milan Kundera, and Sam in "Crossing Delancey" by Susan Sandler. His more recent years have been taken up as a freelance director and drama practitioner, and he currently lives in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20716957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716957" title="The Morung Express">
The Morung Express

The Morung Express is an English language newspaper published from Dimapur in Nagaland, India. It is the first newspaper in Nagaland with an online newspaper.
"The Morung Express" is a daily with 12 pages on most days. There are supplements on Friday ("Ad Bazaar") and Saturday ("Impressions"). "Ad Bazaar" on Friday is an 8 page quarter fold supplement containing classified ads, including a page of free personal ads. Impressions on Saturday is a 4-page supplement containing information and news on topics including Public Agenda, EduCare, Science and Technology, Youths, Art and Living; and People-Photo Speak.
The newspaper is targeted at the age group of 25–45 years. The majority of subscribers are professionals, doctors, lawyers, teachers, lecturers, businesspersons, self-employed entrepreneurs, Government employees, institutions and youths.

</doc>
<doc id="20716973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20716973" title="Ski Team Sweden">
Ski Team Sweden

The Swedish Ski Team is the national skiing sport team of Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20717057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717057" title="Robert Marve">
Robert Marve

Robert Eugene Marve is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent. As a high school player, Marve was named Florida's Mr. Football and member of Parade All-American team as senior at Plant High School in Tampa, Florida after breaking three state season records. Those records included, passing yards (4,380), which topped 2007 Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow's marks, touchdowns (48) and completions (280). He also led the Panthers to Class 4A state championship by completing 30 of 46 passes for 305 yards and three touchdowns in title game.
Marve choose Miami to continue his football career, and sat out his true freshman season after suffering a broken arm in a car accident over the summer. He became the starter for the 2008 Hurricanes squad, leading them to a 6-5 record before being replaced by Jacory Harris for the final regular season game, and the bowl game. Three days after the bowl game, Marve announced that he would be transferring from Miami, citing that he had decided he, "...couldn't play for coach Shannon". After a dispute about where Marve would be able to transfer to, he decided on Purdue on May 20, 2009.
After his transfer, Marve tore his ACL during summer practice, but did not miss any time, as he had to sit out a year due to NCAA transfer rules. In 2010, Marve won the starting quarterback position and started the first 4 games of the season, going 2-2 before re-tearing his ACL, ending his season. In 2011, Marve had been named the backup quarterback to Rob Henry. But when Henry went down with an ACL tear of his own a week before the first game, Marve was not ready to become the starter with soreness still in his knee. He sat the first two games of the season, before returning to backup Caleb TerBush the entire season.
Marve was granted a sixth year of eligibility by the NCAA, after missing multiple seasons with injuries. He returned to Purdue, and was named the backup to TerBush once again in 2012. But one day before the Boilermakers first game, TerBush was suspended and Marve was named the starter. Marve responded with his best game to date as a Boilermaker, throwing for 295 yards and three touchdowns. The following week, TerBush returned as the Boilermakers starter. Marve would continue to see action in relief of TerBush, until he re-tore his ACL yet again. After missing three weeks, Marve returned to his reserve role with the Boilermakers. After TerBush lead the Boilermakers to a 2-6 record as a starter, he was benched in favor of Marve. Marve lead Purdue to 3 straight victories to end the regular season, and helped the Boilermakers collect their second consecutive bowl appearance.
Early years.
Marve is the son of Eugene Marve, a former NFL player. Marve was named Florida's Mr. Football and member of the Parade All-American team as senior at Plant High School in Tampa, Florida after breaking three state season records. Those records included, passing yards (4,380), which topped 2007 Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow's marks, touchdowns (48) and completions (280). He also led the Panthers to Class 4A state championship by completing 30 of 46 passes for 305 yards and three touchdowns in title game. After originally committing to the University of Alabama following his senior season, Marve changed his commitment to Miami.
Marve committed to the University of Miami on January 31, 2007. He chose Miami over offers from Alabama, Hawaii, Maryland, Michigan State, Purdue, and South Florida.
College career.
Miami.
2007 season.
Marve was redshirted for his true freshman season in 2007 after a summer car accident in which he suffered a broken arm.
2008 season.
He was 6-5 as a starter during the 2008 season, Marve finished the 2008 regular season with 9 passing touchdowns and 13 interceptions. He also had 1,293 passing yards on 116 completions on 213 attempts, for a passer rating of 107.19. Miami accepted a bowl bid to play California in the 2008 Emerald Bowl, but Marve did not play in the bowl after being suspended for academic reasons on December 18, 2008.
Transfer.
On December 30, 2008, Marve announced his intention to transfer from Miami; it is believed that he was considering the University of Florida, the University of Tennessee, and Louisiana State University.
In response, Miami stipulated that he could not transfer to any school in Florida, the ACC, or the SEC. Marve appealed to the school's athletic appeals committee, and after much negative publicity, Miami lifted part of the transfer limitations to allow him to transfer to any school in the SEC, except the University of Florida, the University of Tennessee, and Louisiana State University. Those three SEC schools were singled out based on beliefs by Miami that individuals representing the Marve family contacted those schools regarding Marve's potential transfer. The in-state ban still stood, however, except for the University of South Florida and the University of Central Florida, to which he was allowed to transfer. In January, Eugene Marve told the "Miami Herald" that Bob Stoops, head coach of the Oklahoma Sooners, had expressed an interest in Marve's transfer. Eugene also suggested that Marve was considering Oklahoma State University, Purdue University and the University of South Florida. Shortly after Eugene's announcement, Bob Stoops was interviewed by "Tulsa World" and stated that he had not contacted Robert or his family and had no interest in recruiting Robert Marve. Stoops expressed confusion as to how such a rumor could have started and commented that he was satisfied with the quarterbacks he currently had.
Purdue.
2009 season.
On May 20, 2009, Marve announced he would transfer to Purdue University. On July 21, 2009, Marve tore his ACL, but was already required to sit out a year due to transfer, so he did not miss any playing time.
2010 season.
In 2010, it was announced that Marve would be the No. 1 quarterback entering preseason camp. Marve started in the Boilermaker's 2010 opener against Notre Dame and completed 31 of 42 for 220 yards with 2 interceptions, and Purdue lost 23-12. Marve was injured in the second quarter of the Boilermakers' third game of the season, a 24-13 win over Ball State, but returned the following week against Toledo. During the Toledo game, Marve dropped back to pass, and tore his left ACL, ending his season.
2011 season.
In 2011, Marve was accused of receiving improper benefits while playing at Miami from Nevin Shapiro. Marve admitted to receiving benefits in an agreement with the NCAA, which would allowed him to be ruled eligible to play the 2011 season. Marve missed the first two games of the Boilermakers season with his injured knee still not feeling 100%. He returned for the Southeast Missouri State game, Marve returned from his injury and was named TerBush's backup. Marve completed 7 of 8 passes in the game for 91 yards and a touchdown, as the Boilermakers won 59–0. Against Notre Dame, Marve completed 9 of 22 passes for 91 yards. TerBush started the game, but there was also significant playing time for Marve. After the game, Danny Hope had said TerBush had a better command of the offense, and Marve played outside the system when he didn't need to. This sparked Marve to tweet about the situation saying, "Don't understand how I was not playing in the system! It was rough from the get go, don't understand how that was on me." Hope went on to say that he was fine with the way Marve handled the situation, he was just upset at how the fans and media took the comment as negative. The following week against Minnesota, he was again listed as the backup. The Boilermakers went on to win the game 45-17 with TerBush and Marve splitting time again. For the game he completed 4 of 6 passes for 15 yards and a touchdown.
2012 season.
On January 13, 2012, Marve was granted a sixth year of eligibility by the NCAA due to the high number of injuries he has received throughout his career. Marve entered his senior season looking at splitting playing time once again with TerBush, and now the fully recovered Henry. With TerBush working mostly with the first team, he was expected to start the first game of the year, until it was announced (one hour prior to gametime) that TerBush was suspended and Marve was the starting quarterback. Marve responded by having the best game of his Boilermaker career, throwing for 295 yards and 3 touchdowns, in a 48-6 win over Eastern Kentucky. TerBush returned to his starting role the following week against rival, Notre Dame. TerBush played the entire first quarter for the Boilermakers, but since the Boilermakers were head scoreless, Marve replaced TerBush at quarterback in the second quarter. Marve moved the ball for Purdue, leading them on two scoring drives resulting in 10 points. Marve had Purdue close to scoring again in the 4th quarter, when he was sacked and re-injured his knee. TerBush came in during the drive and threw the game tying score to Antavian Edison. Purdue would lose on the next drive as Notre Dame made a game winning field goal. A few days after the Notre Dame game, it was made public that Marve had re-torn his ACL, and that he would be sidelined for a few weeks.
Statistics.
Through the 2012 regular season, Marve's statistics are as follows:
Marve has a 6-4 win/loss ratio for his career as the starting quarterback at Purdue.
Professional career.
Pre-draft.
Prior to the 2013 NFL Draft, Marve was projected to be undrafted by NFLDraftScout.com. He was rated as the 26th-best quarterback in the draft. He was not invited to the NFL Scouting Combine, he posted the following numbers during his Purdue pro-day workouts:
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
After going undrafted in the 2013 NFL Draft, Marve attended the Tampa Bay Buccaneers rookie minicamp on a tryout basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20717066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717066" title="Modiesha Station">
Modiesha Station

Modiesha Station () is a station on Line 8 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 June 2003. It is located at the underground of Xingang East Road () in Haizhu District. Modiesha is an light industrial area and people seldom used this station.
Before the extension to both lines 2 and 8 opened in September 2010, this station ran as part of Line 2 as a single line from Wanshengwei to Sanyuanli.

</doc>
<doc id="20717092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717092" title="Saint-Juste-du-Lac, Quebec">
Saint-Juste-du-Lac, Quebec

Saint-Juste-du-Lac is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in Témiscouata Regional County Municipality in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region. The municipality had a population of 585 as of the Canada 2011 Census.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20717096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717096" title="Jacques Reich">
Jacques Reich

Jacques Reich (10 August 1852 – 8 July 1923) was a Hungarian portrait etcher, active mainly in the United States.
Biography.
He first studied art in Budapest. In 1873 he came to the U.S. and continued his studies at the National Academy of Design in New York and the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia. In 1879 he went to Paris to study for a year under the noted painters William-Adolphe Bouguereau and Joseph Nicolas Robert-Fleury.
In 1880 Reich returned to Philadelphia, and in 1885 moved to New York and established a studio there. For some years he devoted himself to portraits for "Appletons' Cyclopædia of American Biography", numbering over 2,000, and most of the portraits for "Scribner’s Cyclopedia of Painters and Paintings". In addition he made many pen and ink illustrations for magazines and text books.
In the early nineties he turned to etchings on copper and specialized in this field for over 25 years. He etched and published some 14 portraits of American and English authors, poets and artists, and a series of portraits of Famous Americans number some 25 subjects. In addition he executed many private commissions for etched portraits, among them Whitelaw Reid, E. H. Harriman, H. H. Rogers, Nelson W. Aldrich, Charles B. Alexander and John W. Mackay.
In 1892 he married Caroline Bellinger, daughter of Emil Bellinger of Frankfurt, Germany. He then became a resident of New Dorp, Staten Island, and lived there until his death on July 8, 1923.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20717122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717122" title="Champion of Champions (horse race)">
Champion of Champions (horse race)

The Champion of Champions is a stakes race annually held at Los Alamitos Race Course in Cypress, California. It is the championship race for Quarter Horses.
The field is determined by the winners of 10 qualifying races held around the United States.[http://www.losalamitos.com/laqhr/2008stakesbook.pdf] These races are:
Los Alamitos Winter Championship,
Remington Park Championship,
Vessels Maturity,
All American Derby,
Mildred Vessels Memorial,
Refrigerator Handicap,
Los Alamitos Invitational Championship,
Bank of America Challenge Championship,
Los Alamitos Super Derby,
Z Wayne Griffin Trials and the
Go Man Go Stakes winner qualifies as the first alternate.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by a horse:
Notes.
In 2008, Jess You and I set a new world record, becoming the first Quarter Horse to break the 21 second barrier when he recorded a time of :20.94. The second place finisher, Little Bit of Baja, also eclipsed the old world record turning in a time of :20.97. The previous record of :21.13 had been established in the 2007 running won by World Champion Blues Girl Too.
2007's vistory by Blues Girl Too made her the sport's all-time leading female earner.[http://www.losalamitos.com/laqhr/stakes/results.cfm?id=662]
2005's renewal saw the first time the first four finishers of the Champion of Champions were three year olds.
1993 saw Refrigerator become the sport's all-time leading money earner with his victory.
During the summer of 1986, eight year old Sgt Pepper Feature was claimed for $12,500 and immediately retired. The superstar gelding ran fifth in his 62nd race, retiring with just over $900,000 in career earnings. The group who claimed him includes Bob Baffert and Mike Pegram.
1983's running was the first running to feature Grade I status.
1979 saw Mr. Doty Bars win at 22-1.

</doc>
<doc id="20717158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717158" title="Greg Myers (American football)">
Greg Myers (American football)

Gregory Jay Myers (born September 30, 1972) is a former American football safety who played in the National Football League (NFL) for five seasons. He played college football for Colorado State University, was twice recognized as an All-American, and won the Jim Thorpe Award. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the fifth round of the 1996 NFL Draft, and also played for the NFL's Dallas Cowboys.
Early years.
Myers was born in Tampa, Florida. He attended Windsor High School in Windsor, Colorado, and played for the Windsor Wizards high school football team and was also a member of the Wizards track and field team. In track, he was the Colorado high school champion in the pole vault (twice), 100-meter dash (twice), and the 200-meter dash.
College career.
He attended Colorado State University, where he was a defensive back for coach Earle Bruce and coach Sonny Lubick's Colorado State Rams football teams from 1992 to 1995. He was a first-team All-Western Athletic Conference (WAC) selection for four consecutive seasons (1992–1995)—the only player in the history of the WAC to achieve that distinction. As a junior in 1994, he received first-team All-American honors from the Football Writers Association of America, Scripps-Howard, and "The Sporting News". As as senior in 1995, he won the Jim Thorpe Award as the best defensive back in the nation, and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American after receiving first-team selections from the Associated Press, United Press International, the Walter Camp Foundation, and "The Sporting News".
During Myers' four years as a Ram, the team improved significantly. The Rams compiled a 10–2 record and won an outright WAC championship in 1994, and finished 8–4 and shared the WAC title in 1995.
In addition to his athletic prowess, Myers was a standout in the college classroom. He earned Academic All-America honors in 1994 and 1995, and received the WAC's Stan Bates Award as the conference's best overall student athlete in 1996. He was also the recipient of an NCAA Post-Graduate Scholarship.
Professional career.
The Cincinnati Bengals selected Myers in the fifth round (144th pick overall) of the 1996 NFL Draft, and he played for the Bengals from to . He finished his NFL career with the Dallas Cowboys in . In his five NFL seasons, he appeared in 64 regular season games, started 38 of them, compiled 221 tackles, four interceptions and four forced fumbles.
Life after football.
Myers is currently an anesthesiologist in the level one trauma unit at Denver Health Medical Center in Denver, Colorado. He is also an assistant professor through the University of Colorado residency program. Myers is married, and he and his wife Kara have a son and a daughter. They live in Morrison, Colorado.
He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame and into the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20717163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717163" title="The Ponds">
The Ponds

The Ponds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20717176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717176" title="Gatlinburg-Pittman High School">
Gatlinburg-Pittman High School

Gatlinburg-Pittman High School is a public high school located in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, USA. Current enrollment is estimated at 628 students in grades 9 to 12. It also serves the neighboring town of Pittman Center, and is a part of the Sevier County school system.

</doc>
<doc id="20717188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717188" title="Saint-Pierre-de-Lamy, Quebec">
Saint-Pierre-de-Lamy, Quebec

Saint-Pierre-de-Lamy is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in Témiscouata Regional County Municipality. The municipality had a population of 112 in the Canada 2011 Census.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20717196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717196" title="Mikayla Mendez">
Mikayla Mendez

Mikayla Mendez (born August 29, 1980 in Burbank, California, United States) is an American pornographic actress and the first Latina contract performer for Wicked Pictures.
Career.
She began appearing in adult films in around 2003 while at the age of about 23, and has since appeared in over 200 movies. She was known simply as Mikayla until she signed with Wicked Pictures in 2008, becoming their first Latina contract performer.
She left the business for personal reasons in 2009.
Personal life.
She is of Mexican heritage.

</doc>
<doc id="20717227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717227" title="Hickory Farms">
Hickory Farms

Hickory Farms is an American specialty foods company based in Toledo, Ohio. The company was established in 1951 when founder Richard Ransom began selling hand cut cheese at local fairs. By 1959, the company added summer sausage and opened their first retail store outside Toledo, Ohio. Today they specialize in food gift boxes and baskets comprising summer sausage, cheese, fruit, nuts, and sweets. Its owner is Sun Capital Partners, headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida.
Once composed of more than 550 shopping mall-based kiosks in the United States and Canada, the company now does multichannel marketing, offering their products year round at club stores, mass merchandisers, and supermarkets, as well as through catalogs and their website. During the holiday season, they operate shopping mall kiosks as well.
In 2008, the company redesigned its packaging, logo and retails kiosks. company also entered into a partnership with Share Our Strength, a national organization whose goal is to raise funds and awareness to end childhood hunger in America.

</doc>
<doc id="20717230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717230" title="Zipgun">
Zipgun

Zipgun was a punk rock band from Seattle Washington active from 1991 to 1994.
The original founding members were: guitarist Neil Rogers (The Derelicts, Glazed), singer Robb Clarke (Trids, RC5), bassist Mark Wooten (The Zanny Guys, Noble Firs) and drummer Dan Cunneen (Final Warning, The Obituaries, Nightcaps, Sugarsmacks).
History.
Zipgun was formed and led by Neil Rogers, who had previously played guitar for Sub Pop recording artists The Derelicts.
In 1993, Mark Wooten quit the band and was replaced by bassist Andy Sheen. In late 1993 Sheen quit the band and was replaced by former Derelicts bassist Ian Dunsmore. Zipgun broke up in 1994.
Zipgun reunited in 1996 for a single show in Seattle with original bassist, Mark Wooten.
Background.
While Zipgun hailed from Seattle during the mid-1990s, their music is not considered Grunge. Zipgun was one of a number of Seattle bands that eschewed the prevailing musical trend, instead choosing to play less commercial punk rock. Other Seattle bands sharing the same philosophy during the era include: Gas Huffer, Supersuckers, The Gits, and Coffin Break. 
The band was known for their “punk and roll” sound, which is characterized by its raw energy and power - delivered at slightly slower tempos than typical American hardcore. 
Zipgun was also known for their unpredictable stage performances and sometimes volatile interaction between singer Robb Clarke and guitarist Neil Rogers. (For instance, at their alcohol fueled debut show at Seattle’s Crocodile Cafe, Rogers famously broke his Gibson SG guitar over Clarke’s back.)
Legacy.
Zipgun released three singles and two full-length albums on Pacific Northwest independent record label, Empty Records and several other singles on various labels. The band toured extensively throughout the United States and Canada and appeared in the Doug Pray film Hype!, a documentary chronicling the 1990s Seattle Grunge music scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20717240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717240" title="Cold Storage (supermarket)">
Cold Storage (supermarket)

Cold Storage is the second-largest supermarket chain in Singapore behind NTUC FairPrice, owned by Dairy Farm International Holdings.
It operates three supermarket brands in Singapore and Malaysia; Cold Storage (in Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia), Market Place (in Singapore) and Shop N Save (in Singapore).
History.
Established in 1903, Cold Storage started as a small depot storing and selling mainly frozen meat from Australia. 
In its early days, the company's primary concern was to have a quick and profitable turnover of its imported meats and range of products. Later, Cold Storage shifted from counter-service to self-service, introducing the supermarket to Singapore. Then the company pioneered the concept of multiple retailing, capitalising on bulk buying and economies of scale.
As the island's oldest established supermarket operator with over 100 years of experience in Singapore, Cold Storage is considered the market leader in Singapore. It was the first supermarket in Singapore to receive the CaseTrust mark introduced by CASE in 1998 to distinguish companies that receive a high degree of consumer confidence. It was also the first supermarket in Singapore to receive MUIS certification for its supermarket operations at Causeway Point, thus providing Muslims with the assurance of Halal purchases.
In recognising the importance of freshness guaranteed, Cold Storage started the Fresh Food Distribution Centre in Singapore in 1999, a composite multi-temperature warehousing for fresh and frozen food distribution.
Store brands and types.
Cold Storage.
SGS has awarded HACCP certification to Cold Storage, quality and integrity in food safety. Now, It operates 48 stores in Singapore, located across the country in city center, affluent suburbs and HDB estates, and 19 stores in Malaysia.
In Malaysia, Cold Storage is known for stocking rare, delicatessen-type goods that are not normally available in regular supermarkets.
Market Place.
Market Place is a high-end supermarket brand and full-service retailer.
It started business in 1975, formerly known as "Jasons Market Place". Now, It operates six stores in Singapore; Jasons The Gourmet Grocer, La Tanglin Boulangerie, Tanglin Market Place, Paragon Market Place, Jasons Market Place and Market Place @ one-north.
And now, Market Place has other operates stores in Hong Kong and Taiwan by its Hong Kong sister company, Wellcome. It introduced the name of Market Place by Jasons (in Hong Kong) and Jasons Market Place (in Taiwan).
Shop N Save.
Dairy Farm Singapore acquired Shop N Save in 2003, 35 stores from QAF and Belgian retailer, Delhaize.
As of 2012, it is a leading discount supermarket chain in Singapore, operating 50 stores located across the island in HDB estates and suburban malls. It sells a range of cheap products and fresh food. At 2013, It merged with Giant because they were in the same company.
Shopping online.
Cold Storage was the first supermarket of Singapore to offer its merchandise in cyberspace in 1997. The number of regular customers has since then grown from 6,000 in 1998 to more than 15,000 in 2012.
Private label brands.
First introduced with less than 50 items in categories such as rice, UHT milk, toilet paper and cooking sauces. As of 2012, it has more than 1,600 SKUs of housebrand products under two house brands, First Choice and No Frills at Cold Storage, Market Place and Shop N Save supermarkets. It offer a wide variety of goods in close to 40 categories from fresh squeezed juice to wines to drinks, frozen, dairy, snacks, wines, rice and noodles, breads and cereals, household, papergoods, kitchenware.
First Choice.
Launched in 1999, and a more expensive brand.
No Frills.
Developed in 1993, to provide cheap products.

</doc>
<doc id="20717241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717241" title="Nagaland Page">
Nagaland Page

Nagaland Page is an English newspaper published from Dimapur in Nagaland

</doc>
<doc id="20717242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717242" title="Felix Lichnowsky">
Felix Lichnowsky

Felix (von) Lichnowsky, "fully" Felix Maria Vincenz Andreas "Fürst" von Lichnowsky, "Graf" von Werdenberg (; April 5, 1814, "Schloss Grätz", Hradec nad Moravicí, Opava District - September 19, 1848) was a son of the historian Eduard Lichnowsky who had written a history of the Habsburg family.
He entered the Prussian army in 1834, but left it in 1838 to enter the service of the Spanish pretender Don Carlos, where he received the rank of brigadier general. He fought a duel with the Spanish General Montenegro and was severely wounded, but recovered. In 1847, he was elected by Ratibor to Prussia's United Diet, and was elected to the national parliament in 1848 where he took his seat on the right. Here he put to use his substantial oratorical skills, though frequently using them to dazzle rather than enlighten, and his demeaning characterizations of the left earned him a poor reputation in those quarters. When the uprising broke out on September 18 in consequence of the parliament's decision regarding the truce of Malmö (in the debate for which Lichnowsky had spoken in very conciliatory terms), disdaining all warnings, he rode out with General von Auerswald to meet the troops arriving from Württemberg. A mob recognized them on the Bornheimer Highway and gave chase to the defenseless men. They fled, but accidentally went down a dead-end path at the end of which they dismounted and hid in a gardener's hut. The mob found them in the hut, shot von Auerswald to death and beat up Lichnowsky who died the next day in Baron Bethmann's villa.

</doc>
<doc id="20717262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717262" title="South Bismarck Plate">
South Bismarck Plate

The South Bismarck Plate is a small tectonic plate located in the southern Bismarck Sea. The eastern part of New Guinea and the island of New Britain are on this plate.
Tectonics.
Convergent boundarys line the southern border including the subduction zone responsible for the formation of New Britain and the Solomon Islands. Many earthquakes occur in this area particularly around New Britain. GPS data shows the South Bismarck plate, though north of the Australian plate boundary, is being pushed by Australia in a northerly direction while the North Bismarck Plate is being dragged by the Pacific plate easterly. The line delineating the two is called the Bismarck Seismic Sea Lineation (BSSL), and it is not known where this line ends on the West side towards New Ireland.
References.
Bird, P. (2003) An updated digital model of plate boundaries, "Geochemistry Geophysics Geosystems", 4(3), 1027, . [http://peterbird.name/publications/2003_PB2002/2003_PB2002.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20717263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717263" title="Jun-Seok Hwang">
Jun-Seok Hwang

Prof. Jun-Seok Hwang is a US-trained Engineer and currently serving as a Director and Dean of the Technology Management, Economics and Policy Program (TEMEP) and of the International Information Technology Policy Scholarship Program (ITPP) at the Seoul National University and Associate Professor at the Seoul National University.
Dr. Hwang received his B.S. degree from Yonsei University, Korea specializing in Mathematics, his M.S. degree in Telecommunications from the University of Colorado, and his Ph.D. in Information Science and Telecommunications from the University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA in the United States with the Dissertation entitled "A Market-Based Model for the Bandwidth Management of IntServ-DiffServ QoS Interconnection."
Along his career as an academic and as a researcher, he secured many outstanding awards as follows:-
(i) Winner of the Best Paper Award with the paper entitled in the Economics of Interconnection among Hybrid QoS Networks in the Next Generation Internet, The International Telecommunications Society (ITS) 2000, Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 2000.
(ii) Winner of the 1999 Beta Phi-Mu Pi Chapter Scholarly Research Paper for a paper entitled QoS-Support for Internet Telephony: Beyond the Best-Effort Nature of the Internet, March 1999.
(iii) Outstanding Thesis of the Year Award The Prospects for Mobile Satellite Communications and Broadband Satellite Communications: Technical and Regulatory Issues and Trend Analysis, ITP (Interdisciplinary Telecommunications Program)-University of Colorado, Boulder, CO. 1996.
(iv) Graduate Student Assistantship and Full Tuition Scholarship, The School of Information Sciences, University of Pittsburgh, 1996 - 1999.
(v) Excellence in Research and Development, Award in Computing, Hyosung Computer R&D Center, Seoul.
He is now leading the research groups of IT Innovation Study, Telecommunications Industry & Broadband Convergence in TEMEP in SNU. Simultaneously, he has been supervising research and theses of Master's and Doctoral candidates in SNU. He is actively taking part in the local and international research and academic organizations. Prof. Hwang is also teaching and supervising the International students from as much as 40 countries in International Information Technology Policy Scholarship Program (ITPP) in Seoul National University in the Republic of Korea.
In September, 2008, Prof. Hwang co-chaired and organized the Seoul Global Conference on ICT and Convergence held in Seoul.
He is reached at [http://itpp.snu.ac.kr/html/sub/professors.asp].

</doc>
<doc id="20717270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717270" title="Greg Myers">
Greg Myers

Greg Myers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20717272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717272" title="Bob Tinning">
Bob Tinning

Robert "Bob" Noel Tinning (25 December 1925 – 19 May 2001) was an Australian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was schooled at St Joseph's College, Hunters Hill and his senior rowing was done with the Sydney Rowing Club.
At the 1950 British Empire Games in Auckland he won the gold medal as part of the Australian boat in the eights competition. In 1952 he was the bowman of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the Men's eight at 1952 Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20717274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717274" title="Auclair, Quebec">
Auclair, Quebec

Auclair is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the Témiscouata Regional County Municipality. The municipality had a population of 444 as of the Canada 2011 Census.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20717284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717284" title="The Full Monty (disambiguation)">
The Full Monty (disambiguation)

The Full Monty is a 1997 British comedy film.
The Full Monty may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20717285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717285" title="One Life">
One Life

One Life may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20717304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717304" title="Ernest Chapman">
Ernest Chapman

Ernest William Chapman, OAM (11 April 1926 – 21 March 2013) was an Australian rower and a lifelong clubman at the Sydney Rowing Club. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
His rowing career started at the Balmain Rowing Club in Sydney but he switched allegiances to the Sydney Rowing Club at the end of the 1940s and commenced a long association with the Sydney club. 
In 1952 he rowed in the two seat of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
He served as vice-captain of Sydney Rowing Club for eight consecutive seasons from 1951. He was the club president in two tenures from 1975 to 1978 and then from 1979 till 1995.
He was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) for his services to the sport of rowing.

</doc>
<doc id="20717306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717306" title="Biencourt, Quebec">
Biencourt, Quebec

Biencourt is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, and located in the Témiscouata Regional County Municipality. The municipality had a population of 506 in the Canada 2011 Census.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20717320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717320" title="Nimrod Greenwood">
Nimrod Greenwood

Nimrod Greenwood (born 28 October 1929) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was schooled at Sydney Boys High School, graduating in 1946. His senior rowing was done at the Leichhardt Rowing Club in Sydney.
In 1952 he rowed in the three seat of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event at the Helsinki Olympics. Edward Pain and David Anderson who were also seated in that VIII had also attended Sydney High. 

</doc>
<doc id="20717332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717332" title="Uncial 0304">
Uncial 0304

Uncial 0304 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 9th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small texts of the Acts 6:5-7.13, on 1 parchment leaf (24 cm by 17 cm). The leaf has survived in a fragmentary condition. It is written in two columns per page, 31 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 1126 VII, fol. 160) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20717336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717336" title="Cudell">
Cudell

The Cudell was a German car made from 1898 to 1908. It was made in Aachen until 1905, and thenceforth in Berlin.
Max Cudell founded the company in 1898 to manufacture licensed De Dion-Bouton vehicles. The original 3-wheelers were succeeded by a 3.5hp voiturette. These were followed by more De Dion-style vehicles until 1904. In that year, Karl Slevogt-designed vehicles premiered with little, if any, resemblance to the former French-influenced models. These new cars featured an advanced 4-cylinder engine that had a 5-bearing crankshaft and overhead valves. Versions of the engines ranged from 16/20PS to a 6.1L 35/40PS. The Berlin branch was headed by Paul Cudell and did not make many cars. After auto manufacture was stopped, the company continued to manufacture marine engines, as well as a carburetor of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20717340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717340" title="Aymeric Jeanneau">
Aymeric Jeanneau

Aymeric Jeanneau (born 10 October 1978 in La Roche-sur-Yon, Vendée) is a French professional basketball player. He is a 1.85 m (6 ft 1 in) tall point guard.
Biography.
He started his career at Saint-Fulgent before joining the centre of excellence at Cholet Basket. He stayed at Cholet for a long time, under the management of Éric Girard, whom he followed to STB Le Havre and SIG. Jeanneau won the French Championship title with SIG in 2004/2005. Aymeric then had the chance to play in the Euroleague with the Strasbourg team in the 2005/2006 season. At the end of this season, he decided to leave SIG to move to ASVEL where he rejoined Laurent Foirest, his team mate at the 2006 FIBA World Championship in Japan with the French team.
The new Villeurbanne player was then announced as the reserve for Tony Parker for EuroBasket 2007 in Spain. However, a meniscus injury after only a few days into the tournament meant that he missed the rest of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20717382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717382" title="Alternating polynomial">
Alternating polynomial

In algebra, an alternating polynomial is a polynomial formula_1 such that if one switches any two of the variables, the polynomial changes sign:
Equivalently, if one permutes the variables, the polynomial changes in value by the sign of the permutation:
More generally, a polynomial formula_4 is said to be "alternating in" formula_5 if it changes sign if one switches any two of the formula_6, leaving the formula_7 fixed.
Relation to symmetric polynomials.
Products of symmetric and alternating polynomials (in the same variables formula_5) behave thus:
This is exactly the addition table for parity, with "symmetric" corresponding to "even" and "alternating" corresponding to "odd". Thus, the direct sum of the spaces of symmetric and alternating polynomials forms a superalgebra (a formula_9-graded algebra), where the symmetric polynomials are the even part, and the alternating polynomials are the odd part.
This grading is unrelated to the grading of polynomials by degree.
In particular, alternating polynomials form a module over the algebra of symmetric polynomials (the odd part of a superalgebra is a module over the even part); in fact it is a free module of rank 1, with as generator the Vandermonde polynomial in "n" variables.
If the characteristic of the coefficient ring is 2, there is no difference between the two concepts: the alternating polynomials are precisely the symmetric polynomials.
Vandermonde polynomial.
The basic alternating polynomial is the Vandermonde polynomial:
This is clearly alternating, as switching two variables changes the sign of one term and does not change the others.
The alternating polynomials are exactly the Vandermonde polynomial times a symmetric polynomial: formula_11 where formula_12 is symmetric.
This is because:
Conversely, the ratio of two alternating polynomials is a symmetric function, possibly rational (not necessarily a polynomial), though the ratio of an alternating polynomial over the Vandermonde polynomial is a polynomial.
Schur polynomials are defined in this way, as an alternating polynomial divided by the Vandermonde polynomial.
Ring structure.
Thus, denoting the ring of symmetric polynomials by Λ"n", the ring of symmetric and alternating polynomials is formula_20, where formula_21 is a symmetric polynomial, the discriminant.
That is, the ring of symmetric and alternating polynomials is a quadratic extension of the ring of symmetric polynomials, where one has adjoined a square root of the discriminant.
Alternatively, it is:
If 2 is not invertible, the situation is somewhat different, and one must use a different polynomial formula_23, and obtains a different relation; see Romagny.
Representation theory.
From the perspective of representation theory, the symmetric and alternating polynomials are subrepresentations of the action of the symmetric group on "n" letters on the polynomial ring in "n" variables. (Formally, the symmetric group acts on "n" letters, and thus acts on derived objects, particularly free objects on "n" letters, such as the ring of polynomials.)
The symmetric group has two 1-dimensional representations: the trivial representation and the sign representation. The symmetric polynomials are the trivial representation, and the alternating polynomials are the sign representation. Formally, the scalar span of any symmetric (resp., alternating) polynomial is a trivial (resp., sign) representation of the symmetric group, and multiplying the polynomials tensors the representations.
In characteristic 2, these are not distinct representations, and the analysis is more complicated.
If formula_24, there are also other subrepresentations of the action of the symmetric group on the ring of polynomials, as discussed in representation theory of the symmetric group.
Unstable.
Alternating polynomials are an unstable phenomenon (in the language of stable homotopy theory): the ring of symmetric polynomials in "n" variables can be obtained from the ring of symmetric polynomials in arbitrarily many variables by evaluating all variables above formula_25 to zero: symmetric polynomials are thus "stable" or "compatibly defined." However, this is not the case for alternating polynomials, in particular the Vandermonde polynomial.
Characteristic classes.
In characteristic classes, the Vandermonde polynomial corresponds to the Euler class, and its square (the discriminant) corresponds to the top Pontryagin class. This is formalized in the splitting principle, which connects characteristic classes to polynomials.
From the point of view of stable homotopy theory, the fact that the Euler class is an unstable class corresponds to the fact that alternating polynomials (and the Vandermonde polynomial in particular) are unstable.

</doc>
<doc id="20717385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717385" title="Reinaldo Gomes">
Reinaldo Gomes

Maurício Zacarias Reinaldo Rodrigues Gomes, known as Reinaldo (born 2 November 1954 in Bissau, Portuguese Guinea), is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a striker.
Club career.
Reinaldo spent his entire professional career in Portugal. After starting out in the lower leagues with SC Vila Real he spent four years in the second division, with F.C. Famalicão and Sport Clube da Régua.
Reinaldo signed for top level giants S.L. Benfica in 1978, as the Lisbon outfit was coached by English John Mortimore, and wasted no time making an impact alongside legendary Nené, scoring 32 league goals in his first two season combined and eventually helping the "Reds" to the conquest of three major titles, including the double in the 1980–81 campaign; his official debut came in a home game against F.C. Barreirense, on 29 August.
After leaving Benfica, with official totals of 116 games and 59 goals, Reinaldo represented Boavista FC, S.C. Braga, G.D. Estoril Praia (division two) and Varzim SC. He retired from football at nearly 33 years of age.
International career.
Guinea-born Reinaldo was capped for Portugal six times, scoring one goal. 
He made his debut in a friendly with Spain in Vigo on 26 September 1979 (1–1 draw), and his last game was on 8 June 1983 in another exhibition game, with Brazil in Coimbra (0–4 defeat).

</doc>
<doc id="20717405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717405" title="Ağakişilər">
Ağakişilər

Ağakişilər is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717411" title="Top Latin Albums Year-End Chart">
Top Latin Albums Year-End Chart

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a record chart that features Latin music sales information. This data is compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, Internet sales (both physical and digital) and verifiable sales from concert venues in the United States.
Top Latin Albums Year-End Chart of 2008.
Unlike the List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2008, the year-end chart on "Billboard Magazine" is a compilation of feature recaps throughout the year. The rankings for this chart reflect airplay or sales during the weeks that titles appeared on the respective lists during the tracking period. This includes activity during unpublished weeks for those lists that print every other week. The 2008 chart year began on the issue dated on December 1, 2006, and ended with the November 29, 2008, issue.
The best selling Latin album of 2008 was "" by Wisin & Yandel, which also won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Music Album. Mexican performer Vicente Fernández ranked two albums within the Top 10, "Para Siempre" at number 2, and "Historia de Un Idolo, Vol. 1" at number 10. Marco Antonio Solís was the performer with most albums in the list: "La Mejor... Colección", "No Molestar" and "Una Noche en Madrid".
Top Latin Albums Year-End Chart of 2010.
Unlike the List of number-one Billboard Latin Albums from the 2010s, the year-end chart on "Billboard Magazine" is a compilation of feature recaps throughout the year. The rankings for this chart reflect airplay or sales during the weeks that titles appeared on the respective lists during the tracking period. This includes activity during unpublished weeks for those lists that print every other week.
The best selling Latin album of 2010 was "The Last" by Aventura. Enrique Iglesias's Euphoria ranked at number-two within the Top 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20717435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717435" title="Ağbənd">
Ağbənd

Ağbənd is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan. Its population is 428.

</doc>
<doc id="20717441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717441" title="Ağbiş">
Ağbiş

Ağbiş is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717443" title="David Anderson (rower)">
David Anderson (rower)

David Rollo Anderson (born 8 April 1932) is an Australian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics , the 1954 Commonwealth Games and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He attended Sydney Boys High School, graduating in 1948. Both Nimrod Greenwood and Edward Pain, who were in the Australian eight at the 1952 Summer Olympics with Anderson, also attended Sydney High.
Anderson did his senior rowing at the Leichhardt Rowing Club in Sydney. The Guerin-Foster Rowing History site quotes the Leichhart Centennial History of 1986 wherein Anderson is referred to as the most prominent interstate and international Leichhardt rower up until 1986. In eight consecutive seasons from 1950 to 1957 he was selected in the New South Wales state VIII which contested the Kings Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships. The New South Wales crew were national champions in 1950 and 1951 and were selected in toto as the Olympic representative VIII for 1952 in spite of finishing 2nd to Victoria in the Interstate Championships that year.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event at the Helsinki Olympics. Four years later he was part of the Australian boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the coxless fours competition. In 1954, he was part of the pair that won the gold medal Coxed pair, and the bronze in the Uncoxed four for Australia in the 1954 Canadian Commonwealth Games. 
Anderson is the father of Wendy Laidlaw, who competed in the Australian women's basketball team at the 1984 Olympic Games held in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20717447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717447" title="Balabəyli">
Balabəyli

Balabəyli is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717452" title="Dərə Gilətağ">
Dərə Gilətağ

Dərə Gilətağ is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717457" title="Algeria–Pakistan relations">
Algeria–Pakistan relations

Algeria–Pakistan relations are warm and cordial. Pakistan was one of the first countries to recognize the Provisional Government of Algerian Republic and its Mission was opened in Karachi, the then capital of Pakistan in 1958. Both sides have convergence of views on issues of international importance. Both countries have also been supporting each other in various multilateral forums including UN, OIC and NAM. Algeria has an embassy in Islamabad and Pakistan has an embassy in Algiers.
History.
Pakistan was a strong supporter of Algerian independence even before the inception of Algeria. Pakistan was one of the first countries to recognize the “Provisional Government of Republic of Algeria” in exile on 19 September 1958 under the Prime Ministership of Farhat Abbas and had permitted it to open its Mission in Karachi. The Government of Pakistan provided diplomatic passports to prominent members of the Algerian government in exile for their foreign travel, such as Ahmed Ben Bella. Pakistan's firm support to Algerian cause angered France which expected Pakistan to remain aloof of this affairs especially since Pakistan was signatory to SEATO and CENTO.
Due to Pakistan's support for Algerian independence, Pakistan-France bilateral relations were at their lowest ebb during the period under consideration. They again went upwards when, few months later, the crisis over Algeria’s independence was settled with the Evian agreements signed in May 1962. The then Pakistan’s Foreign minister, Manzur Qadir, welcomed this development as a victory for liberation forces.
After the death of the former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto in December 2007, the Algerian government condemned her assassination. The Algerian Foreign Minister Mourad Medelci signed the condolence book on behalf of the Algerian President.
Pakistan has strongly condemned the terrorist attacks in Algiers on 11 December 2007, in which two bombs exploded in Algiers outside the Constitutional Council and UNHCR Office which claimed 40 lives including 17 UN personnel and the suicide bomb attack on the Prime Minister’s Office on 11 April 2007 which claimed 24 lives. Former President Musharraf expressed solidarity with Algeria, condemned this attack and condoled the deaths of innocent civilians.
Following the 8 October 2005 earthquake in Pakistan, the government of Algeria sent 800 tents, 200 blankets and 10 tons of medicines. In November 2008, following the earthquake in Baluchistan, the Government of Algeria donated a cheque of USD 1 million.
President of Algeria Abdelaziz Bouteflika was awarded the honour of the "Best Governed Muslim state" by a popular national daily Pakistan Observer in 2005.
A Pak-Algerian Group in the Pakistan Parliament was formed on 10 January 1990. The first ever Parliamentary Group in Algeria dedicated to the Promotion of friendship between Algeria and Pakistan was instituted on 29 December 1990. Subsequently, a Parliamentarian group of friendship with Algeria was also created in the Senate of Pakistan and Algeria reciprocated by establishing a 13 member Algeria-Pakistan Group of Friendship in the National Council of Transition.
The relations between the two countries got a fresh boost after the visit of the former President Musharraf in July 2003 after a long gap of twelve years. This visit was a significant step forward in strengthening and upgrading the level of bilateral relations between the two countries. President’s meetings with the Algerian President and other leaders afforded an opportunity to exchange views and develop better understanding on the wide-ranging subjects of mutual, regional and international concern. Algerians appreciated Pakistan’s leading role as the front line state in international coalition to fight against terrorism and its continued commitment to cooperate with international community including Algeria to eradicate this menace.
In September 2005, the first inaugural session of the Joint Ministerial Commission (JMC) between Pakistan and Algeria was held in Islamabad. The Minister for Small and Medium Enterprises and Handicraft Mustapha Benbada, headed the Algerian delegation while the then Federal Minister for Petroleum and Natural Resources Mr. Amanullah Khan Jadoon led the Pakistani side. Pakistan-Algeria JMC was established in 1987 and this first session took place after a lapse of 18 years. Three agreements for cooperation in the fields of small and medium enterprises (SME) and handicrafts, cultural exchange program 2005-08 and science and technology were signed.
The signing of Extradition treaty in 2003 paved the way for the repatriation of the Algerians in Pakistan.
High Level Contacts: (Visits from Pakistan to Algeria).
1972. Former Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto visited Algeria including other countries in January 1972 in order to gain support against the international recognition of East Pakistan as Bangladesh.
1990. The then Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto visited Algeria in 1990.
1991. Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif paid a visit to Algeria in 1991. 
2001. In October 2001, former Prime Minister of Pakistan Shaukat Aziz visited Algeria from 22–24 October for the 26th annual meeting of the Board of Governors of the Islamic Development Bank held in Algiers. The Finance Minister was also received by Algerian Foreign Minister and the then Algerian Finance Minister.
2003. Makhdoom Syed Faisal Saleh Hayat, former Minister of Interior & Narcotics Control visited Algeria from 24–26 March 2003. He also called on the Algerian President Mr. Abdelaziz Bouteflika and delivered to him a personal message from the President of Pakistan. He signed an Extradition Treaty with his Algerian counterpart.
2003. Former President General Pervez Musharraf visited Algeria from July 15–17, 2003 as a part of visit to three North African countries (Tunisia, Algeria and Morocco). He was accompanied by the Foreign Minister and Minister of State/Chairman Export Promotion Bureau. A delegation of Pakistani businessmen also accompanied the President. He met the Algerian President, the Presidents of Algerian Senate and National Assembly and the Head of Government. The President also addressed a select group of Algerian businessmen and economic operators.
2003. An 8-member delegation of Pakistan Senate led by the Chairman Senate Mr. Mohammadmian Soomro visited Algeria from 29 August to 2 September 2003. During their 5 days stay in Algeria, the delegation held meetings with the Algerian President, the President of Algerian Conseil de la Nation (Senate), the President of Peoples’ National Assembly, Head of the Government (Prime Minister); Foreign Minister, Minister of Trade; Minister of Culture and Information and the President of Algerian Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
2005. A 9-member delegation led by former Speaker National Assembly Ch. Amir Hussain visited Algeria from April 23–27, 2005. During the visit, the delegation held meetings with the President of Algeria Abdelaziz Bouteflika, the Prime Minister, Speaker of Algerian National Assembly, Chairman Senate, Interior and Commerce Ministers and representatives of various Political Parties and Parliament Committees and briefed them on various issues including the freedom movement in Indian Kashmir.
2006. A 7-member delegation from the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Resources of Pakistan led by the former Minister Amnaullah Khan Jadoon visited Algeria from 6–8 January 2006 on the invitation of Algerian Minister for Energy & Mines Chakib Khelil. He also held meetings with Algerian Minister for Small & Medium Enterprises Mustapha Benbada and the representatives of the Algerian Oil and Gas Company “Sonatrach”. The delegation also visited the Hassi R’mel gas field. Later a Minute was agreed in the field of energy and hydrocarbons.
2007. Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee General Ehsan ul Haq paid a visit to Algeria from 23–28 January 2007. He held meetings with the Minister Delegate for Defense Guenzia Abdelmalek and Chief of Algerian Armed Forces Major General Gaïd Saleh. He visited various military bases and installations. He also handed over a draft MOU on cooperation in Defense matters to the Algerian side.
High Level Contacts: (Visits from Algeria to Pakistan).
1959. Ferhat Abbas, President of the Provisional Government of Algerian Republic (PGAR) met President Ayub Khan to solicit Pakistan’s support in the war for Algeria’s independence.
1974. Houari Boumedienne, former President of Algeria visited Pakistan to participate in the 4th OIC Summit Conference in Lahore.
1997. Mr. Mokdad Sifi, Minister of State to the Algerian President, attended the Extraordinary Session of OIC held in Islamabad on 23 March 1997.
1999. Ex-Speaker of Algerian National Assembly. Mr. Abdelkader Bensaleh, visited Pakistan as a Special Envoy of the President of Algeria in August, 1999.
2000. Former Foreign Minister of Algeria visited Islamabad from 4 – 6 June 2000 as Special Envoy of the Algerian President. The Special Envoy called on the Chief Executive, the Foreign Minister, the Interior Minister and also met the D.G.(ISI).
2003. The Algerian Minister of Privatization and Promotion of Investment visited Pakistan to attend the Investment Conference held in Islamabad from 19–20 April 2003.
2003. The ex-Algerian Chief of the Peoples’ National Army General Major Mohammad Lamari visited Pakistan from December 13–18, 2003 at the invitation of ex Chairman of Joint Chiefs Staff Committee General Mohammad Aziz Khan. The visit focused on the ways and means to improve defence cooperation as Pakistan.
2007 Mr. Tayeb Belaïz, Minister of Justice visited Pakistan in May 2007 to participate in the 34th ICFM of OIC countries at Islamabad. He also called on our Chairman of Senate Mr. Mohammadmian Soomro.
2007 Mr. Abdelkader Bensaleh, President of Council of Nation (Algerian Senate) led a delegation of Algerian legislators to Pakistan in June 2007 and called on President Musharraf, Chairman Senate Mr. Mohammadmian Soomro and former Speaker of National Assembly Chaudhry Amir Hussain. He also visited the provincial assemblies in Lahore and Karachi.
High Level Contact on the Sidelines of International Forums.
2000. Former President General Pervez Musharraf met with Algerian President on April 12, 2000 on the sidelines of the South-South Summit in Havana. Both the leaders stressed the need for cementing the bilateral relation and bridging the gap on irritants particularly relating to security concerns.
2000. Pakistani Foreign Minister met with the Algerian Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the sidelines of the 27th ICFM held in Kuala Lumpur on June 29, 2000.
2000. Former President Musharraf held another meeting with the Algerian President in New York on September 10, 2000 where the meeting dwelt largely on the issue of the Algerian – Afghans.
2001. Pakistan's Foreign Minister held a meeting in Doha with his Algerian counterpart on October 10, 2001 where again the Algerian Foreign Minister raised the issue of Arab Afghans.
2008. Former Foreign Minister Inam ul Haq met the Algerian Foreign Minister Mourad Medelci during the 11th OIC Summit in Senegal in March 2008. Both expressed satisfaction over the state of friendly relations existing between the two states and emphasized to further improve these relations. They discussed the potential avenues where bilateral cooperation could be enhanced further and found convergence of view on terrorism which is against the tenets of Islam. The two Foreign Ministers agreed on the application of the OIC resolutions especially those related to the economic development of the members of OIC.
Pakistan – Algeria Economic Profile.
Since 1991-92, the balance of trade between the two nations has been in favour of Pakistan due to increased export of textile products, (cotton yarn, fabrics and readymade garments) sports goods, surgical goods, matches and henna etc.
The export from Pakistan to Algeria for June–May 2006-7 increased to USD 22.617 million from the figure of June–May 2005-6 which was about USD 11.203 million. The Pakistan-Algeria trade is mostly done via third country, i.e. Dubai and is heavily under-invoiced. This is the reason the trade figures do not show the real picture of the bilateral trade.
Trade figures.
In ‘000 USD
Both countries maintain full diplomatic relations with each other and have their respective embassies in the Algiers and Islamabad.

</doc>
<doc id="20717468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717468" title="Geoff Williamson">
Geoff Williamson

Geoffrey "Geoff" Williamson (10 July 1923 – 17 September 2009) was an Australian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
His senior rowing was done from the Leichhardt Rowing Club in Sydney. In 1952 he was a crew member of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event.
Four years later he rowed on the five seat of the Australian boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the coxless fours competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20717478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717478" title="Oskar Lenz">
Oskar Lenz

Oskar Lenz (April 13, 1848 - March 1, 1925) was a German-Austrian geologist and mineralogist who was a native of Leipzig.
In 1870 he earned his doctorate in mineralogy and geology at the University of Leipzig. Three years later he became an Austrian citizen and a civil servant at the Imperial Geological Institute in Vienna.
In 1879-80 he led the first trans-Sahara expedition from Morocco to Senegal. The primary purpose of the expedition was to perform geological studies of the region, investigating the possibilities of iron ore deposits. In 1880, with his companion Cristobal Benítez, he became only the fourth European to visit the fabled city of Timbuktu. The others being, Alexander Gordon Laing (1826), René Caillié (1828) and Heinrich Barth (1853).
In 1885-87 he directed the Austro-Hungarian Congo Expedition, a mission that involved crossing the African continent from the Congo eastward to the Indian Ocean. The main reasons of the project were to survey the economic trade situation in the newly established Congo Free State and to map the Congo-Nile watershed between the Nile and Congo Rivers. On the expedition, he was accompanied by cartographer Oskar Baumann. Following the completion of his duties in Africa, he became a professor at the University of Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20717486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717486" title="HM Prison Moorland">
HM Prison Moorland

HM Prison Moorland (formerly HM Prison Moorland Closed) is a Category C men's prison and Young Offenders Institution, near Hatfield Woodhouse in South Yorkshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is jointly managed with the nearby Hatfield Prison.
History.
In March 2005, Moorland Prison was subjected to rioting when more than 40 inmates refused to return to their cells. It took four hours and the intervention of staff and officers from neighboring institutions to quell the situation.
In August 2006, a report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons stated that both Moorland and Hatfield Prisons were well managed, and provided "a safe and respectful environment" for inmates and staff, but the report also claimed that the regime at Moorland Prison was "over-punitive and under-motivating".
On 14 July 2011, it was announced that HMP & YOI Moorland would be put out to tender, accepting bids from private companies and HM Prison Service for the management of the establishment.
In 2011, Moorland Open Prison was renamed Hatfield Prison, and Moorland Closed Prison was renamed Moorland Prison.
In July 2011, it was announced that Moorland along with several other publicly operated prisons, would be market tested, allowing private operators as well as HM Prison service, to tender for the contract to operate the prison.
The prison today.
Moorland is a prison holding Category C adult males and young offenders. Prisoners are either released straight from Moorland, or are transferred to Hatfield Prison. Accommodation at the prison is divided into 5 Houseblocks, with a total of 180 double cells and 434 single cells.
Offending Behaviour groups and Enhanced Thinking Skills Courses are offered to inmates at Moorland Prison, as well as Welfare to Work programmes and Job Clubs. There is also a Listener Scheme for those who may be at risk from suicide or self-harm. Community projects are also offered.

</doc>
<doc id="20717490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717490" title="Mervyn Finlay">
Mervyn Finlay

Mervyn David Finlay (born 17 June 1925) is an Australian former Supreme Court judge and Queen's Counsel. He represented for Australia at rowing in the 1952 Summer Olympics and had been a state athletics champion.
Early life and sporting career.
Born in Balmain Sydney Finlay was an RAAF Flying Officer in World War II. In 1948 he was the New South Wales state athletics champion at the 880yds event.
His senior rowing was done with the Leichhardt Rowing Club in Sydney where he was club captain in 1952. In the three seasons from 1950 to 1952 he was selected in the New South Wales state VIII which contested the Kings Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships. The New South Wales crew were national champions in 1950 and 1951 and were selected in toto as the Olympic representative VIII for 1952 in spite of finishing 2nd to Victoria in the Interstate Championships that year. Finlay was in the six seat of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event at the Helsinki Olympics.
Legal career.
He was admitted to the Bar in 1952 and practised as a Queen's Counsel in New South Wales. From 1984 to 1994 he was a New South Wales Supreme Court judge. In 2007 he was recommended and took up a post as Inspector (Assistant Commissioner) of the newly established New South Wales Police Integrity Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20717497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717497" title="The Sound of Bread">
The Sound of Bread

The Sound of Bread, Their 20 Finest Songs is a compilation album by American soft rock band, Bread, released in November 1977 by Elektra Records in the UK. It reached Number 1 on the UK Album Chart. The album was issued in the US in 1985 as Anthology of Bread. 
The Sound of Bread, Their 16 Finest Songs is a different Bread compilation album released in 1982 in the US by K-tel. 
Track listing.
The Sound of Bread, Their 20 Finest Songs / Anthology of Bread.
LP side A:
LP side B:
The Sound of Bread, Their 16 Finest Songs.
LP side A:
LP side B:

</doc>
<doc id="20717509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717509" title="Dərəli">
Dərəli

Dərəli is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717512" title="Gilətağ">
Gilətağ

Gilətağ is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717515" title="Həkəri, Zangilan">
Həkəri, Zangilan

Həkəri is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717518" title="Bonino (TV series)">
Bonino (TV series)

Bonino is an ethnic situation comedy television series starring Ezio Pinza (1892-1957) as an Italian-American opera singer trying to rear his six children after the death of their mother. The program aired on live NBC from September 12 to December 26, 1953. 
Pinza's character is named Babbo Bonino. Character actress Mary Wickes (1910-1995) portrayed Martha the housekeeper, a role which she filled over the years in numerous other series. The actors portraying the children were Conrad Janis (born 1928) as eldest son Edward, Lenka Peterson (born 1925) as older daughter Doris, Chet Allen (1939-1984) as Jerry; Oliver Andes as Carlo, Gaye Huston as Fancesca, and Van Dyke Parks (born 1943) as Andrew, the youngest. Allen had earlier appeared as Amahl in Gian Carlo Menotti's "Amahl and the Night Visitors" on NBC's "Hallmark Hall of Fame" in 1951-1952. Parks, who grew up in Lake Charles, Louisiana, became a rock-music producer and composer who cowrote with Brian Wilson the Beach Boys' hits "Heroes and Villains" and "Surf's Up".Mike Kellin (1922-1983), who was cast the following year in Celeste Holm's short-lived CBS sitcom "Honestly, Celeste!", appeared in the role of Rusty. 
David Opatoshu (1918-1996), portrayed Walter Rogers, Babbo's agent, who tries to convince him to return to singing. As each episode unfolds, Bonino realizes that his children are more independent than he thought. Pinza sang in each episode.Anthony Eisley (1925-2003), later of ABC's detective series "Hawaiian Eye", guest starred in "Bonino" as John Clinton.
"Bonino" aired at 9 p.m. Eastern on Saturday before Ted Mack's "The Original Amateur Hour". Its principal competition was "The Jackie Gleason Show" on CBS.
There was also an "Ezio Pinza Show" on NBC in 1952 which alternated at the 8 p.m. Friday slot with "The RCA Victor Show with Dennis Day", subsequently renamed "The Dennis Day Show" in the 1953-1954 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20717521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717521" title="Şamlı, Zangilan">
Şamlı, Zangilan

Şamlı is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717523" title="Sarallı Xəşbab">
Sarallı Xəşbab

Sarallı Xəşbab is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717526" title="Şatarizli">
Şatarizli

Şatarizli is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717529" title="Tağlı">
Tağlı

Tağlı is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717531" title="Edward Pain">
Edward Pain

Edward Oscar Guthrie Pain (15 July 1925 – 6 January 2000) was an Australian rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He attended Sydney Boys High School from 1938 to 1943, graduating three years ahead of Nimrod Greenwood and five years ahead of David Anderson, who both rowed alongside Pain in the Australian eight at 1952 Summer Olympics.
His senior rowing was done from the University of Sydney club.
At the 1950 Empire Games he won the gold medal as part of the Australian boat in the eights competition.
In 1952 he was in the seven seat of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event at Helsinki.
He died in Greenwich, New South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20717536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717536" title="Tatar, Zangilan">
Tatar, Zangilan

Tatar is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717539" title="Üzümçülər">
Üzümçülər

Üzümçülər is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717540" title="Vəliqulubəyli">
Vəliqulubəyli

Vəliqulubəyli is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717544" title="Yenikənd, Zangilan">
Yenikənd, Zangilan

Yenikənd is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717545" title="Cerro de las Ánimas">
Cerro de las Ánimas

Cerro de las Ánimas ("Hill of the Souls", formerly known as "Mirador Nacional") is a peak and the second highest point of Uruguay, with an altitude of 501 metres (1,643.7 ft).
Location and features.
It is located southwest of Maldonado Department, in the municipality of Piriápolis, in a range of hills named Sierra de las Ánimas.
Changing height calculations.
Until 1973, this hill was considered the highest point of Uruguay. However, in that year, a group of scientists of the "Servicio Geográfico Militar" ("Military Geographic Service") changed the measure of the Cerro Catedral, currently considered the highest point of the country, with an altitude of 513.66 metres (1,685.24 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20717549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717549" title="Zərnəli">
Zərnəli

Zərnəli is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717561" title="Season of Love">
Season of Love

Season of Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20717578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717578" title="Phil Cayzer">
Phil Cayzer

Philip Arthur Cayzer OAM, (born 13 May 1922) is an Australian former national champion rower who won medals in the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1950 British Empire Games. He coached at State and national representative level taking Australian Olympic crews to success in the 1960s.
Rowing career.
Cayzer was schooled at St Joseph's College, Hunters Hill and his senior rowing was done with the Sydney Rowing Club with whom Cayzer would have a lifelong association. During the 1970s in Melbourne he would be a senior clubman at the Mercantile club.
He stroked the New South Wales representative VIII in the King's Cup at the Australian Rowing Championships on five occasions from 1948 to 1954 winning the national championship in 1949, 1950 and 1951.
At the 1950 Empire Games he won the gold medal as part of the Australian boat in the eights competition. In 1952 he was the strokeman of the Australian boat which won the bronze medal in the eights event at the Helsinki Olympics.
Coaching career.
After retiring from rowing Cayzer took up coaching. He was the Senior Coach at the SRC for most for the sixties while also coaching numerous New South Wales representative Kings Cup crews. He coached the coxed four of Alf Duval, Alan Grover, Mick Allan, John Campbell and Gary Herford selected to compete at Tokyo 1964. He drove Sydney Rowing Club's association with Olympic representative crews recruiting a number of national senior rowers to join Duval, Grover and Joe Fazio at Sydney to create the men's eight for the 1968 Summer Olympics. He coached the crew both in Australia and in Mexico.
In the 1970s Cayzer relocated to Melbourne for business and became actively involved at the Mercantile club, rowing in social crews and becoming one of the club's most senior coaches. He returned to Sydney in the 1980s and continued to coach Club, state and national crews till the early 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="20717599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717599" title="Gordon Music Learning Theory">
Gordon Music Learning Theory

The Gordon Music Learning Theory, often referred to as simply Music Learning Theory, is one of a number of theoretical models of music learning. Developed by Edwin E. Gordon and based on research and field testing, it is a stage specific model of how students learn music and how it should be taught. It was first presented in his 1971 "The Psychology of Music Teaching" and has been revised and clarified in his subsequent texts. The teaching method is sequential and uses the concept of audiation, Gordon's term for mentally hearing and comprehending music. Music Learning Theory has many characteristics in common with rote-first methods such as those developed by Suzuki, Dalcroze, Kodaly, and Orff. Students build a foundation of aural and performing skills through singing, rhythmic movement, and tonal and rhythm pattern instruction before being introduced to notation and music theory.
Music learning sequences.
Music Learning Theory uses three basic learning sequences - skill learning, tonal content, and rhythm content. As a method of instruction, the learning sequences are combined in various learning sequence activities which, in turn, can be combined with classroom activities. In this method a skill level cannot be achieved except in combination with a tonal or rhythm content level. 
Audiation.
Audiation is fundamental to Music Learning Theory, and knowledge of its role is considered basic to an understanding of the learning sequences involved. The theory proposes that audiation is a cognitive process and the musical equivalent of thinking in language. The sole measure of musical intelligence is the ability to audiate. In contrast to aural perception, audiation takes place when music is mentally heard and understood when the physical sound is no longer present (or never has been). Although Gordon was the first to coin the term "audiation" in relation to music learning theory, the subjective experience of hearing in the absence of physical sound (often referred to as "auditory imagery") has long been studied by psychologists and neuropsychologists.
According to Gordon, “audiation is to music what thought is to speech."Audiation is “performing” a piece of music in one’s mind, “the process of assimilating and comprehending (not simply rehearing) music that one has just heard performed or has heard performed sometime in the past. We also audiate when we assimilate and comprehend music we may or may not have heard, but are reading in notation or composing or improvising." Audiation is not simply replaying what was heard in one’s mind; this is called inner hearing. Inner hearing is a product, whereas audiation is a process. Audiation requires a deeper understanding of the music and is a delayed music event, in contrast to being an immediate music event as with inner hearing. A person with better audiation ability may be able to process a song faster than a person with poorer audiation ability. Furthermore, the brain does not process every note of a song, and the brain only chooses the important parts of the song to “perform”. 
Music aptitude and standardized testing.
Music Learning Theory explicitly takes into account students' differing potentials for musical achievement when designing their individual learning programs. In this theory, musical aptitude is considered to be normally distributed in the population, with relatively few people having high or low aptitude and the majority having average aptitude. Gordon devised several instruments for testing musical aptitude in children – most notably the Primary Measures of Music Audiation (PMMA) and the Intermediate Measures of Music Audiation (IMMA) and emphasises the need to develop whatever aptitude the child has from an early age:
"The fact is, music aptitude is something we're born with; it's an innate capacity, and unless it's nurtured at an early age, by age 9 nurturing will no longer help." – Edwin Gordon 
The IMMA and PMMA aptitude tests have been frequently used in studies on the development of children's musical abilitities, including those by Peter Webster (1987) and Sam Baltzer (1990) which found no relationship between measures of music aptitude "per se" and measures of creative thinking in music.
A common misconception is that there is a significant number of very naturally talented musicians, and similarly that there are many people who are naturally untalented in music. The results of valid musical aptitude tests suggest that “more than two thirds of us are average" and the remainder have above or below average musical aptitudes. People whose test results indicate extremely high or extremely low musical aptitude are relatively rare. Because audiation is “fundamental to music aptitude", Gordon can predict the potential for music achievement by testing audiation through his music aptitude testing. However, there is a difference between intellectual musical and musical aptitude: “aptitude refers to potential, and achievement is used synonymously with accomplishment”. Students who have a high musical achievement profile must also have a high musical aptitude. Yet students who have a low musical achievement profile may have a low or high musical aptitude. Thus, students with high musical aptitude but low musical achievement are not achieving their potential. Such problems can occur when a student lacks the motivation to study music, or the proper guidance and instruction in music learning. 
Gordon’s research shows that both nature and nurture contribute to musical aptitude. A child born with any amount of musical aptitude must have a certain amount of musical nurturing to develop the level of aptitude and potential to achieve in music later on in life. At the present, there is no evidence that suggests that musical intelligence is hereditary. Therefore, regardless of the parents’ musical aptitudes, a child may be born with high, average or low musical aptitude. Many children “will never have a higher level of music aptitude than at the instant of birth", the reason being that most environments children are nurtured in are not conducive to developing musical aptitude. The musical training and exposure that a child receives from birth onward will determine his or her musical aptitude until the age of nine. At the age of nine, a child’s level of aptitude stops fluctuating and stabilizes. Therefore, both nature and nurture are responsible for a child’s musical aptitude. 
According to Charles Spearman in the American Journal of Psychology, “the function intellection appears to become fully developed in children by about their ninth year, and possibly even much earlier. From this moment, there normally occurs no further change even in extreme old age. The function . . . is nine parts out of ten responsible for success in such a simple act as discrimination of pitch."
It is common knowledge that there is a positive correlation between the scores of certain tests of intelligence and academic achievement. However, Gordon’s research shows that there is no relationship between music aptitude and intellectual ability (logical-mathematical and linguistic ability). Even though it has been suggested that music lessons enhance IQ, it is important to note that music lessons may not necessarily contribute positively to music aptitude. Gordon found that IQ cannot be predicted from his music aptitude tests, but language arts subtests show a relationship with musical aptitude. 
Gordon also theorized that there are at least twenty types of music intelligences. However, one of his tests, the Musical Aptitude Profile, measures only seven intelligences: melody, harmony, tempo, meter, phrasing, balance and style. Two of his other tests, Primary Measures of Music Audiation and Intermediate Measures of Music Audiation, measure only two: tonal and rhythm. The reason for this is that many of the intelligences, such as timbre, are difficult or unreliable to measure. Gordon’s research also showed that it is rare for a person to have a high aptitude for all of the intelligences measured during a test. Similarly, it is also rare for one to have a low aptitude for all intelligences measured during a test. It is far more likely that a person will have a high aptitude on some intelligences and a low aptitude on others. 
Music aptitude tests should help teachers achieve two purposes. Firstly, aptitude testing must only be used to help teachers meet the individual needs of their students, but test results should not be shared with the students or parents. Course content for students of all aptitudes must be the same, as all students should be given the same opportunity to learn the same materials, but guidance should be adapted towards each individual student according to their test results. For example, a student who tests higher in tonal aptitude than in rhythmic aptitude may require special attention to learn rhythm. Test results should also be used to enable high scoring students to receive special instruction in a school. For example, students who score highly should be encouraged to join ensembles. At the present moment, “almost half the number of students who score in the upper 20 percent on a valid music aptitude test never receive any special instruction in school music, nor do they participate in music activities”. Teachers should be aware of their students’ abilities, so that they can guide them to achieve their full potential. Secondly, aptitude tests should be used to monitor the progress of musical development in students of ages nine and younger. A decline in the aptitude of a student may indicate that his or her musical needs are not being met. Consequently, aptitude tests can be used to monitor teaching effectiveness. Lastly, Gordon believes that his tests should not be used to stigmatize weaker students as disabled or slow students, and “when used with judgment and wisdom and treated with sensitivity and confidentiality, test results serve as valuable objective aids to parents’ and teachers’ subjective opinions and observations”.

</doc>
<doc id="20717607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717607" title="Herman Johnson">
Herman Johnson

Herman Johnson (born January 29, 1985 in Olla, Louisiana) is an American football guard who is a free agent. He was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at LSU.
Johnson has also been a member of the Chicago Bears.
Early years.
At birth, Johnson weighed 15 pounds and 14 ounces, making him the largest baby ever born in the state of Louisiana.
Johnson attended Denton High School in Denton, Texas. As a senior he allegedly did not allow an entire sack the whole season. He played in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl in 2003.
Considered a four-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Johnson was listed as the No. 3 offensive tackle prospect in the nation.
College career.
Johnson played college football at Louisiana State University from 2004 to 2008. He finished his career starting 38 of 52 games for the Tigers and was a member of their 2007 national championship team.
Professional career.
Arizona Cardinals.
Johnson was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the fifth round of the 2009 NFL Draft. According to "The Sporting News", Johnson was regarded as "somewhat of a 'tweener because he is almost too tall to play guard in most teams' schemes, but at the same time he lacks the athleticism to play tackle effectively in the NFL."
On September 3, 2010, Johnson was cut from the Arizona Cardinals in order to make the 53 man limit for the 2011 season. He was later placed on the team's practice squad.
Chicago Bears.
He signed a two-year deal with the Chicago Bears on December 7, 2010. He was waived by Chicago on July 30, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20717608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717608" title="Maureen Pryor">
Maureen Pryor

Maureen Pryor (23 May 19225 May 1977) was an Irish-born English character actress who made stage, film and television appearances.
Early life.
Maureen Pryor was born Maureen Pook in 1922 in Limerick, Ireland, to a Cockney father and an Irish mother. She began acting with Manchester Repertory in 1938 and studied with Michel Saint-Denis at the London Theatre Studio (1939–40).
Career.
She appeared in the West End in Seán O'Casey's "Red Roses for Me", Noël Coward's "Peace In Our Time", John Griffith Bowen's "After the Rain" (also on Broadway), Doris Lessing’s "Play with a Tiger" and plays such as "Little Boxes" and "Where’s Tedd". She was a member of the Stables Theatre Company. She also appeared on Broadway in the premiere season of "Boeing-Boeing" (1965). In Manchester, she appeared in Eugene O'Neill's one-act play "Before Breakfast", directed by Bill Gilmour.
She made over 500 television appearances, including a "Play for Today", "O Fat White Woman" (1971), adapted by William Trevor from his own short story, and Ken Russell's television film "Song of Summer" (1968), in which she played Jelka Delius, the long-suffering wife of the composer Frederick Delius. Russell cast her again in his cinema film "The Music Lovers" (1970) as Tchaikovsky's mother-in-law. In the 1974 BBC television film "Shoulder to Shoulder" she played the composer Dame Ethel Smyth.
Personal life.
Her first marriage ended in divorce, her second in separation. She had one son, Mark. She died in 1977 from a heart ailment.

</doc>
<doc id="20717619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717619" title="Scott Reynolds (writer)">
Scott Reynolds (writer)

Scott Reynolds is a television writer. He has written for the Showtime series "Dexter" and the Bruckheimer television series "E-Ring".
Career.
Reynolds worked as a freelance writer on the second season of "Dexter" in 2007. In 2008 he was given a staff writer position for the third season. Reynolds was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award for best dramatic series at the February 2009 ceremony for his work on the third season. He was promoted to story editor for the fourth season in 2009. He was nominated for the award a second time at the February 2010 ceremony for his work on the fourth season. He was promoted again to executive story editor for the fifth season in 2010.
He has also created/written the comic book UTF (Undead Task Force) with Tone Rodriguez for APE comics.

</doc>
<doc id="20717629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717629" title="Oleg Polunin">
Oleg Polunin

Oleg Vladimirovitch Polunin (November 1914 – July 1985) was an English botanist, teacher and traveller. He was one of three brothers with interests in the natural sciences. Nicholas Polunin (1909–1997) was an arctic explorer and environmentalist, and Ivan Polunin (1920-2010) was a medical doctor, photographer and ethnographist.
Educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, Oleg Polunin taught at Charterhouse School in Godalming, Surrey, for over 30 years, later devoting his time to writing popular and authoritative guides to the flora of Europe and the Himalaya. His most well-known work is "Flowers of Europe" (1969), a classic text for both botanists and general readers. Polunin travelled widely in pursuit of samples and photographs, and he discovered several new species.
He was awarded the Linnean Society’s H. H. Bloomer Award in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20717636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717636" title="Cycling in New Zealand">
Cycling in New Zealand

Cycling in New Zealand, while relatively popular as a sport, bicycle use is a very marginal commuting mode, with the share hovering around 1-3% in most major cities. This is due to a number of factors, principally safety fears.
History.
The bicycle reached New Zealand in the 1860s in the form of the velocipede, also known as the 'boneshaker'. As bicycle design improved, and production became mass-market, cycling became a popular mode of transport in many parts of New Zealand for half a century. 
In the 1950s and 60s government transport funding and policies favouring motor vehicles as the transport of the future, along with the increasing affordability of automobiles, spurred a rise in motor vehicles. New Zealand soon had, and still has, one of the highest rates of car dependence in the world. 
As well as abandoning bicycles (and public transport) in favour of cars, the remaining bicyclists were increasingly forced off the streets by the rising danger of motor traffic, relegating bicycles to recreational and sports use. The oil shocks of the 1970s triggered the first of several bicycle resurgences, and new sports bicycles became popular: first, road racing bikes, then BMXs and eventually mountain bikes. By 1990, a survey showed cycling to be the second most popular participation sport in New Zealand. Since then, cycle sales have remained high, averaging over 150,000 per annum. However, their everyday uses, such as for commuting or shopping, is still rare.
In 1994, New Zealand introduced mandatory bicycle helmet wearing, a change which some parts of academia and cycling advocacy credit with further reducing the incidence and attractiveness of cycling.
Since the 1990s, a number of local Councils have developed cycling (or walking & cycling) strategies to plan for the provision of cycle-friendly environments and the promotion of cycling for transport and recreation. The Government, in its 2002 NZ Transport Strategy (and 2008 revision), officially acknowledged the role that cycling can play in helping to achieve a number of strategic transport outcomes, and in 2005 the first national Walking and Cycling Strategy "Getting There: On Foot, By Cycle" was released. However the current National-led Government has set aside this strategy and restricted funding for cycling facilities, citing the need for motorway investment instead. The one significant investment since 2010 has been the "Model Walking and Cycling Communities" programme, which saw $7 million invested over 2 years in the two chosen communities, Hastings and New Plymouth, as demonstration projects of what could be achieved with concentrated focus - a further $15 million has since been earmarked to these towns for 2012-15.
Cycling is increasingly becoming a touristic and (at least local) economic factor in the 2010s. In addition to successful cycle touring schemes (like those gathered under the New Zealand Cycle Trail umbrella) credited with revitalising local back country areas, are experiences like those reported from Rotorua, where the mountain biking business within the Whakarewarewa timber plantation forest is several times that earned annually from the timber plantation itself.
Factors.
In the mid 2000s, Auckland Regional Transport Authority reported that “over half of Aucklanders believe it is usually unsafe, or always unsafe, to cycle”. This high perceived risk to bicycle users in New Zealand's largest city is due to a number of factors. Motorists tend to exhibit hostile attitudes towards bicycle riders. Bicycles are classed as 'vehicles', a transport class legally obliged to use the road, forcing bicycle users to mingle with heavy and fast-moving motor vehicles; only postal workers are legally permitted to ride on footpaths. Bicycle infrastructure and the standards underpinning bicycle infrastructure planning are poor and bicycles receive relatively very low levels of funding by both central and local government.
Infrastructure.
In recent decades a number of cycleways have been established through New Zealand, most of them rail trails. 
New Zealand Cycle Trail.
In early 2009, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, John Key, also proposed a 'New Zealand Cycleway' and in mid 2009, $50 million for the first three years was set aside for construction of a network of 'Great Rides' (Nga Haerenga), most of which are now (mid 2011) under construction, and will open between 2011 and 2013.
Events & Races.
A number of cycling events are held around the country as fun rides, fundraisers or competitive cycling events:
Organisations and institutions.
Cycling Advocates' Network (CAN) is a national cycling advocacy group founded in November 1996. It aims to achieve a better cycling environment for cycling as transport and tourism. Major initiatives are the annual Cycle Friendly Awards and support for a biennial Cycling Conference.
CAN is the parent organisation for some 20 local cycling advocacy groups around the country, including Cycle Action Auckland, Cycle Aware Wellington and Spokes Canterbury.
BikeNZ was created in July 2003 to act as an umbrella body embracing all national bike and cycling organisations including, BMX NZ, CAN, Cycling NZ, Mountain Bike NZ and NZ Schools Cycling Association. It is the national governing body of cycle racing and has a strong focus on sports cycling. CAN was a member of BikeNZ and provided one board member from BikeNZ's inception in July 2003. CAN resigned from BikeNZ in October 2007, but continues to work with BikeNZ on advocacy issues.
Vorb is an online forum set up by Tama Easton as a place for stories and photos from mountain bike trips of a group of friends. In early 2001 it became public, got mentioned in the media and quickly grew into one of the most used sports and outdoors websites in New Zealand, long extending beyond just mountain biking or even cycling. The Vorb community has grown into tens of thousands of cyclists, trampers, climbers, paddlers and others. Vorb has won "Best Sports and Recreation Site" at the People's Choice Netguide Web Awards for 2007, 2008 and 2009 in the 'Best Sports and Recreation Site' category.
Helmets.
Since 1994 it has been mandatory by law to wear a bicycle helmet while riding a bicycle in New Zealand. The law was enacted after intense lobbying by Rebecca Oaten after her son was injured in a cycle accident.
A study on bicycle helmets using cost-benefit analysis found that the law was only cost-effective for the 5-12 year old age group. A Massey University study in 2006 found that compulsory bicycle helmet laws led to a lower uptake of cycling, especially among women. 
Advocacy groups like Cycle Action Auckland have argued that helmets are useful safety devices, but noted out that some cyclists consider them a symbol portraying cycling as dangerous, especially when most severe cycling crashes had been shown to be caused by inattentive motorists.

</doc>
<doc id="20717657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717657" title="Clarksville, Delaware">
Clarksville, Delaware

Clarksville is an unincorporated community in Baltimore Hundred, Sussex County, Delaware, United States located just west of Millville. It is centered, more or less, along Delaware Route 26. Many tourists from the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area pass through the town on their way to and from the Delaware beaches.
The Blackwater Presbyterian Church and Spring Banke near Clarksville are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20717673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717673" title="Lazzaza">
Lazzaza

Lazzaza (, transliterated as "Lazzâza") was a Palestinian Arab village of 230 in the northern Hula Valley next to the Hasbani River, located northwest of Safad. 
History.
Travelers in the nineteenth century describe Lazzaza, while under Ottoman rule, as a village of 70 people built of adobe bricks and situated on a plain near a river. 
It was incorporated into the British Mandate of Palestine in 1922. Under the British, Lazzaza had an elementary school, in which 26 students were enrolled in 1945. The residents, mostly Muslims, took advantage of the village's fertile lands, and agriculture became the basis of its economy. The primarily cultivated crops were onions, corn, and fruits, but the beehives were also kept, in addition to some livestock. Some of Lazzaza's inhabitants also fished in the Hasbani River. In the 1945 population survey by Sami Hadawi, Lazzaza was counted with the nearby Jewish settlement of Beit Hillel which together constituted a population of 330, 100 of whom were Jewish.
The Arabs of Lazzaza fled their village during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on May 21, 1948. The village was not attacked by Israeli forces, and the probable cause of its depopulation was a "whispering campaign" devised by Palmach commander Yigal Allon during Operation Yiftach, in which rumor would spread about massive Jewish reinforcements approaching the Galilee. According to Walid Khalidi, "only a few scattered houses remain on the village site", and that the residents of Beit Hillel cultivate the surrounding fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20717730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717730" title="List of awards received by Twins">
List of awards received by Twins

Below is a list of awards received by Twins since they were formed in 2001 as a cantopop girl group. They average to receive about 2-3 awards in each Hong Kong music awards. Their major accomplishment is in 2007 when they received the "Asia Pacific Most Popular Female Artist Award" from Jade Solid Gold Top 10 Awards. 
Because of the Edison Chen photo scandal in 2008, Gillian took a short leave from the group. And thus the group did not record any songs or receive any awards between March 2008 to 2009.
Commercial Radio Hong Kong Ultimate Song Chart Awards.
The Ultimate Song Chart Awards Presentation (叱咤樂壇流行榜頒獎典禮) is a cantopop award ceremony from one of the famous channel in Commercial Radio Hong Kong known as Ultimate 903 (FM 90.3). Unlike other cantopop award ceremonies, this one is judged based on the popularity of the song/artist on the actual radio show. 
IFPI Hong Kong Sales Awards.
IFPI Awards is given to artists base on the sales in Hong Kong at the end of the year.
Jade Solid Gold Top 10 Awards.
The Jade Solid Gold Songs Awards Ceremony(十大勁歌金曲頒獎典禮) is held annually in Hong Kong since 1984. The awards are based on Jade Solid Gold show on TVB. 
Metro Showbiz Hit Awards.
The Metro Showbiz Hit Awards (新城勁爆頒獎禮) is held in Hong Kong annually by Metro Showbiz radio station. It focus mostly in cantopop music.
RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.
The RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards Ceremony(十大中文金曲頒獎音樂會) is held annually in Hong Kong since 1978. The awards are determined by Radio and Television Hong Kong based on the work of all Asian artists (mostly cantopop) for the previous year. 
Sprite Music Awards.
The Sprite Music Awards Ceremony is an annual event given by Sprite China for work artists performed in previous years; awards received on 2008 are actually for the work and accomplishment for 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20717756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717756" title="Gibson Dark Fire">
Gibson Dark Fire

The Gibson Dark Fire, a variant of the Gibson Les Paul, was an electric solid body guitar produced by Gibson Guitar Corporation. It was a second generation Robot Guitar, using an updated version of the Powertune self-tuning system produced by Tronical Gmbh. The Dark Fire also introduced Gibson's Chameleon Tone Technology, a system consisting of onboard electronics designed to simulate various guitar tones. Additionally, the guitar included an audio interface called the Robot Interface Pack or RIP. 
Pickups.
The Dark Fire had one Burstbucker 3 humbucker in the bridge position, a P-90H at the neck, and a special Tronical-designed piezoelectric tune-o-matic sat in the place of the bridge. The Burstbucker 3 and P-90H were selected via the three-way selector switch. The piezoelectric could be activated via the MCK, blending the magnetic and piezoelectric together under a standard 1/4" guitar cable. Gibson supplied a TRS stereo cable that allowed the piezo signal and the magnetic signal to be split between two different amps.

</doc>
<doc id="20717757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717757" title="Percy Thorpe">
Percy Thorpe

Percy Thorpe (born 18 July 1899; date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played at right-back for Sutton Town, Blackpool, Connah's Quay & Shotton, Reading, Sheffield United, West Ham United, Accrington Stanley, and Port Vale.
Career.
Thorpe signed for Frank Buckley's Blackpool prior to the start of the 1924–25 season after leaving non-league Sutton Town. He made his debut for the club in the opening League game, a single-goal victory at Clapton Orient on 30 August. He went on to make a further eleven league appearances that campaign, the majority of which were spent at centre-half; however, he did play up front alongside the prolific Harry Bedford for one game, in the absence of Matt Barrass.
In 1925–26, Thorpe made thirty Second Division appearances and scored three goals. He spent the majority of that campaign at right full-back, but also switched to the left side briefly. He scored his first goal for Blackpool in a 3–2 Boxing Day victory over Chelsea at Bloomfield Road. It came from the penalty spot, as did his other two goals. Thorpe appeared in 38 of Blackpool's 42 league games of 1926–27. He scored two goals – one a penalty, the other from open play. Sydney Beaumont succeeded Frank Buckley as manager for the 1927–28 campaign, and Beaumont gave 33 starts to Thorpe, in what was his final season with the club. His final appearance for Blackpool occurred in the final game of the season, a 4–0 home victory over Fulham on 5 May.
After leaving Blackpool, Thorpe joined Connah's Quay & Shotton, before returning to the Second Division with Reading. He joined Sheffield United in 1930. The "Blades" finished 15th in the First Division in 1930–31, seventh in 1931–32, and tenth in 1932–33. In three years at Bramall Lane, he scored 24 goals in 114 league and cup competitions.
He later had brief spells with West Ham United and Accrington Stanley, before he finished his career at Port Vale. He signed as a 35-year-old in November 1934 and made his final footballing appearance on 19 November at The Old Recreation Ground in a goalless draw against the club with which he made his name – Blackpool. He retired at the end of the 1934–35 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20717762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717762" title="HARBEC Plastics">
HARBEC Plastics

HARBEC Plastics, Inc. manufactures prototypes, highly toleranced tooling, machined components, and injection molded parts. They produce engineered custom plastic parts for customers in the medical, automotive, electronic, telecommunications, consumer goods, and other industries. HARBEC performs initial design and concept molding; production tooling; low and high volume production injection molding and secondary processes.
HARBEC was initially established in 1977 as a contract tool and die/general machine shop. Currently, the 40,000sf facility is located just east of Rochester, in Ontario, NY. Its founder, Bob Bechtold, who expanded the business, claimed to pursue opportunities for innovation in the tool and die market. Although the company has continued to attempt to innovate, environmental concerns have also been an area of recent focus, as shown by features in various case studies.
Environmental actions.
HARBEC has been certified as an ISO9000 and ISO14000 company, demonstrating its use of “eco-economic” decisions and policies, designed to ensure that its activities are long-term sustainable. Further independent awards gained include the Energy Star Small Business award for significant efforts to reduce their environmental footprint. This is reflected in their slogan “technical innovation with environmental responsibility”.
HARBEC has developed and implemented new solutions to offset emissions, utilize waste and conserve resources. An example of this is their water conservation program. They have an 800,000 gallon reservoir for their fire suppression system and heat exchange equipment. Storm water and industrial waste water are diverted into the pond, where natural vegetation and cattail remediation are used to clean the water in which fish are raised. The pond provides thermal mass which is used to dissipate the heat prior to sending it to a cooling tower. This reduces the energy necessary for total cooling requirements.
HARBEC has a goal of "no carbon footprint by 2015". Currently, the facility has a 250 kW wind turbine and a twenty-five microturbine combined heat and power plant which generate electricity and provide the heating and cooling requirements of the facility.
Additional points include:

</doc>
<doc id="20717803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717803" title="Craig Covey">
Craig Covey

Craig Covey (born 1957) is an American politician who served as mayor of Ferndale, Michigan. He was the first openly-gay mayor of any municipality in the state of Michigan. A Democrat, he resigned the office in 2010 to take a seat on the Oakland County Commission, where he served one term.
Biography.
Born in Columbus, Ohio, Covey has lived in Michigan since moving to the state to become executive director of the Michigan Organization for Human Rights 1985 and has lived in Ferndale since 1989.
Covey lost his first race for Ferndale City Council in 1997 by a wide margin, but was elected on his second try and served from 1999 to 2008. He was elected mayor of Ferndale on November 6, 2007 for a two-year term, succeeding three-term mayor Robert Porter, by defeating Tom Gagne 54% - 46%. He was re-elected unopposed in November 2009. In 2010, he ran for the Oakland County Commission, winning a three-way Democratic primary on August 3, 2010 and besting a Republican in the November general election in a reliably Democratic district. He was defeated for re-election on August 7, 2012 by Helaine Zack (D-Huntington Woods) 54% to 46%. He ran again for mayor of Ferndale, Michigan on November 5, 2013, but was defeated.
Covey was also CEO of the Midwest AIDS Prevention Project (MAPP) and Chief Operating Officer of the Michigan AIDS Coalition, the organization resulting from the merging of MAPP and the Michigan AIDS Fund in 2009. In 2011, he created Ferndale Pride, a gay pride street festival that grew out of Motor City Pride's move from Ferndale to Detroit that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="20717828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717828" title="Power, Profit and Protest">
Power, Profit and Protest

Power, Profit and Protest: Australian Social Movements and Globalisation is a 2003 book by Verity Burgmann.
The book was originally published in 1993, and the 2003 edition is substantially expanded. It contains a new chapter on "social movements and social change", and another on the "anti-corporate globalisation movement". There is a new concluding chapter on globalisation as the "cancer stage of capitalism".
Cathie Jensen-Lee writes ""This book provides an interesting and thoughtful analysis of several movements for change in Australian society; namely the Aboriginal movement, the women's movement, the green movement and the anti-capitalist/anti-corporate globalisation movements.""

</doc>
<doc id="20717858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717858" title="Yevgeny Brago">
Yevgeny Brago

Yevgeny Nikolaevich Brago (, born March 1, 1929) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Moscow.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20717860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717860" title="Alisa Cooper">
Alisa Cooper

Alisa Cooper (born June 5, 1952) is an American Democratic Party politician. She lives in Linwood, New Jersey.
Cooper served as Freeholder At Large for Atlantic County, New Jersey until 2012. While in office, she served as chairman of the land development and standards committee for Atlantic County, as well as a member of various other committees. She was re-elected to office in 2008. She also served as a Commissioner for the New Jersey State Council on The Arts. 
In June 2012, Cooper was appointed by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie to serve as a Commissioner for the New Jersey Casino Control Commission.
She is the daughter of New Jersey General Assembly Member Dolores Cooper.

</doc>
<doc id="20717881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717881" title="Billy Dennis (English footballer)">
Billy Dennis (English footballer)

William "Billy" Dennis (21 September 1896 – 1952) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Mossley, Lancashire. He played for Ashton PSA and Denton before joining the army during World War I during which time he also featured for Birkenhead Comets, Linfield and Tranmere Rovers. Post-war he joined Stalybridge Celtic then was signed by First Division Blackburn Rovers. After a short spell at Ewood Park he re-joined Stalybridge in time to play in the Football League for them. He moved back to the First Division with Manchester United for a short lived spell prior to joining the club with whom he was to have his longest association Chesterfield. He finished his League career with Wigan Borough, before leaving the cash-strapped club for Cheshire League football with first Macclesfield and then Hurst. Aged 37 he joined Mossley as trainer, also making one appearance for his home town club.

</doc>
<doc id="20717910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717910" title="Vladimir Rodimushkin">
Vladimir Rodimushkin

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Rodimushkin (, December 22, 1921 – January 15, 1986) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20717920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717920" title="George Lydon">
George Lydon

George Lydon (born 24 June 1902 - 12 August 1953) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Newton Heath, Manchester. He played for Manchester United, Nelson, Mossley, and Southport.

</doc>
<doc id="20717928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717928" title="Haldane Robert Mayer">
Haldane Robert Mayer

Haldane Robert Mayer (born February 21, 1941 in Buffalo, New York) is a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 
Mayer was appointed to the United States Military Academy by Representative William E. Miller, and received a B.S. in 1963. Mayer served in the U.S. Army from 1963 to 1975. He was awarded the Bronze Star, Meritorious Service, and Army Commendation Medals, the Combat Infantryman Badge, Parachutist Badge, Ranger Tab, and Ranger Combat Badge for his service during the Vietnam War. He took leave from the Army to attend The College of William & Mary Law School, where he was editor-in-chief of the "William and Mary Law Review". He graduated first in his class and received his J.D. in 1971.
Mayer served as Special Assistant to the Chief Justice of the United States, Warren E. Burger, for three years, and as Law Clerk to Judge John D. Butzner, Jr., of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. He was in private practice in Charlottesville, Virginia, in the 1970s, and in Washington, DC, in 1980 and 1981. He was Deputy and Acting Special Counsel at the United States Merit Systems Protection Board from 1981 to 1982. President Ronald Reagan appointed him to the United States Claims Court in 1982, where he served until his appointment, again by President Reagan, to the Federal Circuit in 1987. He served as Chief Judge of the court from 1997 to 2004. Chief Judge Glenn Leroy Archer, Jr. preceded him as chief judge and Paul Michel succeeded him. He was an adjunct professor at The George Washington University Law School and the University of Virginia School of Law.
Mayer took senior status on June 30, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20717936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717936" title="Gəyəli">
Gəyəli

Gəyəli (also, Geyali) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717938" title="Europe–Korea Foundation">
Europe–Korea Foundation

The Europe–Korea Foundation (EKF) is the philanthropic arm of the European Union Chamber of Commerce in Korea (EUCCK). It was established on 9 May 2001 under approval No. 384 by South Korea's Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade (MOFAT). The foundation is an NGO and is a separate entity financially independent from the EUCCK.
As a public foundation, the focus of the work of EKF is on improving relations between Europe and the Korean peninsula. EKF undertakes a variety of corporate social responsibility programs, cultural exchanges, sports events, training seminars and other projects promoting inter-Korean understanding and peace. EKF also support South Korean charity organizations.
In addition, EKF provides scholarships for Korean students who wish to study at universities all throughout the European Union. In 2008, ten students received EKF support to study in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20717948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717948" title="Cynaetha">
Cynaetha

Cynaetha () was a city-state in ancient Arcadia. The northernmost town of Arcadia, it bordered on the territories of Cleitor and Pheneus. It was located near present Kalavryta. It was located 40 stades (6 km) from Lousoi.
It was destroyed by the Aetolians in the Social War (220–217 BC), but it was rebuilt afterwards. When Pausanias visited the city it had a sanctuary of Dionysus and a statue of emperor Hadrian. The Cynaetheans gave to Olympia the statue of Zeus which held a thunder in his hand. There was a spring near Cynaetha named "Alyssus" (Άλυσσος), which was to cure from rabies.

</doc>
<doc id="20717952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717952" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Clarion County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clarion County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Clarion County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Clarion County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 5 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20717957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717957" title="John Whitney (footballer)">
John Whitney (footballer)

John Whitney (born 1874 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Lancashire. He played for Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20717970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717970" title="Aleksei Komarov">
Aleksei Komarov

Aleksei Filippovich Komarov (, December 10, 1921 – May 10, 2013) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20717973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717973" title="Geyali, Zangilan">
Geyali, Zangilan

Geyali (also, Ashaga Geyali) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20717992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717992" title="Igor Borisov">
Igor Borisov

Igor Anddreevich Borisov (, April 5, 1924 – before 2005) is a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20717993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717993" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1969">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1969

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1969 Australian federal election. The election was held on 25 October 1969.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
South Australia.
A special election was held in South Australia to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Liberal Senator Keith Laught. Martin Cameron, also of the Liberal Party, had been appointed to this vacancy in the interim.
Victoria.
A special election was held in Victoria to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Liberal Senator John Gorton. Ivor Greenwood, also of the Liberal Party, had been appointed to this vacancy in the interim.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is the number of seats contested by that party in the House of Representatives for each state, as well as an indication of whether the party contested special Senate elections in Victoria and South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20717995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20717995" title="Joe Astley">
Joe Astley

John Emmanuel "Joe" Astley (April 1899 – October 1967) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Dudley, Worcestershire. He played for Manchester United, Cradley Heath, and Notts County.

</doc>
<doc id="20718001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718001" title="Tumkur University">
Tumkur University

Tumkur University was established in 2004 in Tumkur, Karnataka, India. It was carved out of Bangalore University to accommodate the needs of the students from Tumkur district. Established under the Karnataka State Universities Act, 2000, as a multi-faculty university, it has 12 postgraduate departments, 2 constituent colleges and 94 affiliated colleges. It has established 29 research centres to promote advanced multi-disciplinary research and academic collaborations. In 2012, the University was recognized under section 12(b) of the UGC Act, 1956. In the same year, the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), an inter-university council of the UGC, accredited the University with "B" Grade in the three-grade rating scale.
Tumkur University.
Faculties.
The academic structure of the University is divided into four different faculties:
University College of Science.
The University College of Science (erstwhile Government Science College) was established in 1940. Beginning as an intermediate college, it was upgraded to a full-fledged First Grade college with Bachelors courses in various disciplines in the Natural Sciences. Disciplines in the Commerce subjects were introduced in 1970.
The erstwhile Government Science College was inaugurated by His Excellency Sri V.V. Giri, Bar-At-Law, the then Governor of Mysore on August 11, 1966. In 1973 the College was bifurcated into Science and Arts Colleges.
In the year 2000-2001, new subjects like Computer Science, Microbiology, Electronics and Biochemistry were introduced in the College. In 2007-2008, Biotechnology was introduced. In 2008, the Post Graduate courses were introduced in Physics, Chemistry and Environment Science. In the year 2000, student strength of the college was 1,040. in 2005 it was 1,300 and in year 2007-2008, it was 1,323. The college has an area of 90 acres and the infrastructure is about 98,800 sq. ft. In 2009, the erstwhile Government Science College was handed over to Tumkur University, when it was renamed as University College of Science. Presently, it is one among the two constituent colleges of Tumkur University.
University College of Arts.
The Government Science College was bifurcated in 1974 into Government Arts College and Government Science College. In 2009, Tumkur University recognised the College as a constituent college of the University and renamed it ‘University College of Arts’.
Over the years, the institution has been offering courses in Arts & Commerce. At present, the college has 42 teaching, and 20 non-teaching staff. Nearly 3000 students are pursuing their education in the Arts and Commerce streams. Situated in a sprawling 25-acre plot, the college houses 25 spacious lecture halls, a library with more than 50,000 titles and 55,000 volumes of books on different disciplines, along with journals, magazines, newspapers and a reading and reference section. The College also has indoor and outdoor stadia administered by the Youth Services and Sports Department of the Government of Karnataka. It also has a unit of the National Cadet Corps and the National Service Scheme.
Journals Published by the University.
International Journal of Science Research.
International Journal of Science Research (IJSR) is an international journal reporting on publication of original research contributions in fundamental and applied areas of science. IJSR is a quarterly flagship journal published by Tumkur University.
International Journal of Social Sciences and Humanities.
International Journal of Social Sciences and Humanities is a scholarly professional biannual journal published by Tumkur University. The purpose of the Journal is to provide a forum to share knowledge related to broad range of topics including political science, sociology, history, archaeology, social work, geography, international studies, women’s studies, children’s learning and health, economics, business ethics, cities, intellectual property rights, language acquisition, privacy, the aging population, quality of life, technology in aboriginal communities, information communication technology, library and information science, physical education and sports sciences, dispute resolution, environment, sustainable development and subjects related to commerce and management.
Lokajnana.
A quarterly journal of research, published in Kannada, Lokajnana, contains both original and translated research papers.
Recognised Research Centres.
The University has recognised 56 independent academic institutions from all over India as Research Centres for doctoral and advanced study in various areas of academic research.
193, New BEL Road, M.S.R.I.T Post,
M.S.Ramaiah Nagara,
Bangalore – 560 054
No. 92, Vaderahalli, Harohalli (Hobli),
Kanakapura Main Road,
Bangalore Rural – 562 112.
Research Wing CITIRIS,
Ist Floor, Sri Siddaganga Commercial Complex,
B.H. Road,
Tumkur – 572 101
‘Jnana Prabha’ Campus,
Bidarahalli,
Bangalore-560 049.
New Horizon Educational Institution
Ring Road, Panathur Post,
Near Marathalli,
Bangalore-560 087.
Shridevi Institute of Engineering and Technology
Sira Road,
Tumkur-572 106
Indian Institute for Psychological Research
Bangalore Palace Compound,
Jayamahal Road,
Bangalore-560 006.
Dr. V.K.R.V. Rao Road, Nagarabhavi PO,
Bangalore-560 072.
Janaseva Trust
20K.M. Bangalore-Magadi Road,
Channenahalli-562 130,
Bangalore City Dist.
Industrial Growth Centre,
Phase-III, Kalyani, Nadia,
W.B. – 741 235.
A-1/11, Prashanth Vihar,
Delhi-85.
R.V. College of Engineering
R.V.Vidyaniketan Post,
Mysore Road,
Bengaluru – 560 059
18th KM, Bannerghatta Road,
Bangalore-560 083
10/15, Sunkadakatte Bus Stop,
Magadi Main Road,
Vishwaneedam Post
Bangalore-560 091
Daly Memorial Hall,
Nrupathunga Road,
Bangalore – 560 001.
Sri Krishna Rajendra Road,
Bangalore – 560 004.
No.45, (P) KIADB, Industrial Area,
Hosakote,
Bangalore-562 114
Shiva Analytical Ind. Ltd,
Plot No.24D (P) & 34D,
KIADB Industrial Area,
Hosakote,
Bangalore-562 114
Indian Institute of Science Campus,
Bangalore – 560 012
530, 2nd Floor,
16th Cross, 2nd Stage,
Indiranagar,
Bangalore-560 038
Maiya Restaurant
4th Block, Jayanagar,
Bangalore-560 011.
Kalpataru Vidya Samsthe Campus,
Hassan Circle,
Tiptur-572 202
No.827, 29th Main Road, Poornaprajna,
HBCS Layout, Uttarahalli,
Bangalore-560 061
No.17, Phase – I,
Peenya Industrial Area,
Bangalore – 560 058
No.11, Blue Cross Chambers, Infantry Road,
Bangalore – 560 001
Cherry Hills, Embassy Golf Links Business Park, Bangalore – 560 071
Udupi – 676 101
Katriguppa Main Road,
Bangalore – 560 028
Chandramouli Road,
K.R.Nagar – 571 602
Mysore Dist.
No.14, Kalidasa Road,
Gandhinagar,
Bangalore-560 009
Dr. H.M. Gangadharaiah Road,
Saraswathipuram,
Tumkur – 572 105
B.H. Road, Tumkur – 572 102
No.63, 13th Main, 4th Block,
Jayanagar,
Bangalore – 560 011
Sri Siddhartha Institute of Management Studies Campus,
Maralur, Tumkur – 572 105
CA Site No.26, Yelahanka New Town
Bangalore – 560 106
Kalagrama, Jnanabharathi,
Behind Bangalore University Campus,
Mallathahalli, Bangalore – 560 056
Ujire
Dakshina Kannada Dist. – 574 240
Post Box No.1908,
BMS College of Engineering Campus
Bull Temple Road, Bangalore – 560 019
Sri Niketana Trust
Subrahmanya – 574 238
Sullia Taluk, Dakshina Kannada Dist.
15th Cross, Malleswaram
Bangalore – 560 003
Sundari Ananda Alva Campus, Vidyagiri
Moodbidri – 574 227
Dakshina Kannada Dist.
No. 16, 2nd Cross, Krishna Reddy Colony,
Domlur Layout, Old Airport Road,
Bangalore – 560 071
Science P.O, Malleswaram,
Bangalore – 560 012
Samskrithi Bhavan, G.P.O. Lane,
Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala – 695 001
CA-2, KIADB Industrial Housing Area,
Ring Road, Hebbal,
Mysore – 570 016
CA-2, KIADB Industrial Housing Area,
Ring Road, Hebbal,
Mysore – 570 016
Sira Gate
Tumkur – 572 106
Madras Music Academy
168, TTK Road,
Royapettah
Chennai – 600 014
Sri Chidambara Trust
Gubbi – 572 216, Tumkur District
Ramana Maharshi Heritage Building
Post Office Road, Sanjaynagar
Bangalore – 560 094
SDMIMD, No.1, Chamundi Hill Road, Siddarthanagar, Mysore – 570 011
Near Lalbagh Main Gate, Hosur Road
Bangalore – 560 027
St. Aloysius College (Autonomous) Campus
Mangalore – 575 005
Tadimety Aromatics Pvt Ltd
No. 25 A, KIADB
Hirehally Industrial Area
Tumkur
Post Box No.10502, Aruna Asaf Ali Marg
New Delhi – 110 067
Bylakuppe – 571 104
Mysore District
Honorary Distinguished Professors.
Eminent personalities appointed Honorary Distinguished Professors of the University include:
Campus.
Monuments Park.
The Monuments Park in Tumkur University is a unique experiment in installation archeology. Ancient stone monuments, inscriptions, war memorials, idols and statues, found in different degrees of decay and degradation across Tumkur District have been collected, curated, conserved and installed in a landscaped park. The Monuments Park was developed as part of the Kannada Bhashabhivruddi Yojane. The park also contains inscriptions and epithets from several literary and folk sources in Kannada, providing the visitor a glimpse of the cultures of pre-modern Karnataka. The park also contains contemporary art installations.
Automated Weather Station.
Automated Weather Station (AWS), the latest of its kind in the State, established in Tumkur University, is an initiative of Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO). Established in the University campus in May 2010, the AWS is an agriculture-support mechanism and also a tool for advanced research and education in agriculture, meteorology and environmental sciences.The AWS with its capacity for providing weather updates in a range of 80 km is monitored by a team of researchers from Tumkur University. Updates generated by the AWS on the climate and weather conditions is collected by researchers on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. The Centre also researches into the impact of humidity on rainfall. The Centre also facilitates a comparative analysis of similar information available at the 111 AWSs already functioning across the State. This is a valuable resource for rain-dependent agricultural ecologies as also a database for advanced research and surveys conducted by ISRO, DRDO, Airport Authority, Army, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, Media and Agriculture Universities.
Remote Sensing Centre.
RSC was established in collaboration with the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) in Tumkur University campus at a cost of Rs 34 lakhs. The Centre collects data on the availability of ground water, bio-diversity, green cover, fisheries and mineral availability in Tumkur district. The data will contribute to research in geological and geographical studies and serve as information and service kiosk for farmers of this region.
Gnana Taranga: A Virtual E-learning Centre.
Gnana Taranga is an initiative to bring the youth from scheduled castes in the rural areas to the educational mainstream through the concept of the Virtual University in the 50 hoblis of 10 taluks in Tumkur district, who constitute more than 50% of the district’s total population. It conducts graduate, post-graduate, certificate and diploma courses by providing self-study and teaching materials at the taluk centers to the youth of the region. A Digital library, media centre, centre for competitive examinations, research fellowships, dedicated cultural forums, new infrastructure, capacity building and skill development programmes for students belonging to the scheduled castes are being taken up under this scheme at a budget of Rs 200 lakhs. Gnana Taranga is a part of the comprehensive concept of the Outreach Programme of the University, targeting those students who cannot avail of formal mainstream education. All graduate, post-graduate, diploma and certificate courses offered by the University will be made available under this programme.
Sri Ramana Maharshi Dhyana Kendra.
The University has established a Dhyana Kendra named after Sri Ramana Maharshi. The Dhyana Kendra is a place for Yoga and Meditation. A statue of Sri Ramana Maharshi has been established at the platform of the Dhyana Kendra.
Buddhavana.
The Buddhavana is a park whose centerpiece is a statue of the Buddha in pink stone sheltered under a bandstand-like canopy. The park contains aphorisms and epithets from the Buddhists sutras.
Dhanvantarivana.
Dhanvantari was an early Indian medical practitioner and one of the world’s first surgeons. He is regarded as the deity of Ayurveda.
Dhanvantarivana features many medicinal plants. The center of attraction here is a life-sized statue of Sri Dhanvantari, located in front of the University College of Science. Dhanvantarivana is planned to be a full-fledged botanical garden.

</doc>
<doc id="20718025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718025" title="William Bunce">
William Bunce

William Bunce (born April 1877 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Swallowfield, Berkshire. He played for Manchester United, Rochdale Athletic, and Stockport County.

</doc>
<doc id="20718028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718028" title="Rena, Badajoz">
Rena, Badajoz

Rena is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 650 (2007) and an area of 10.8 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20718032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718032" title="Yossele Schumacher affair">
Yossele Schumacher affair

Yossele Schuchmacher is an Israeli whose abduction as a child became a cause célèbre in Israel and led Mossad and its director Isser Harel on a worldwide search for his whereabouts.
Abduction.
Schumacher was born in Russia and immigrated to Israel as a child with his parents. Due to financial difficulties, his parents requested that Yossele's Haredi grandparents, Nachman and Miriam Straks, take care of him. After a few months the father decided that he wanted to move back to Russia. Yossele's grandparents were aghast and were determined that Yossele not go back.
Fearing that the Schuchmachers might end up in Russia, the Orthodox community of Jerusalem took the boy from his grandparents and hid the boy in 1960 with another Haredi family in Bnei Brak.
In the shadow of a court order for his return and a possible police search, the rabbis of the Jerusalem Orthodox community disguised Schuchmacher as a girl and placed him in the care of a Frenchwoman and convert to Judaism named Ruth Ben-David (then Madeleine Feraille, later Mrs. Amram Blau), who took him with her to Europe. Schuchmacher would spend two years total in France and Switzerland under her care.
By this time, authorities in Israel had increased their search efforts, leading Ben-David to again disguise Schumacher as a girl and smuggle him into the United States in March 1962. There he was hidden in the apartment of a Haredi woman named Mrs. Gertner at 126 Penn St. in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Subsequently the family changed Schuchmacher's name to Yankele Frenkel and kept him indoors, holding him from the time he arrived in March until August 1962.
Investigation.
Following Schuchmacher's disappearance from Israel, Straks was imprisoned and police arrested the couple that had hidden the boy in Bnei Brak. Sometime later on, Ruth Ben-David, still in France, decided to sell her house and met a potential real estate agent named Mr. Faber in an attorney's office. The real estate agent was, in fact, Isser Harel, who placed Ben-David under interrogation with humiliating treatment. Though uncooperative at first, Ben-David began to talk after the Shin Bet told her that her son was cooperating with them.
By this point it was August 1962, and with Schuchmacher's location identified, two officials from Shin Bet came to the door of the Gertner's home in Brooklyn on a Saturday night and requested the immigration papers of Yankele Frenkel. No papers were presented, and the boy was removed from the house until his mother came to retrieve him several days later.
Controversy.
The abduction of Schuchmacher caused enormous controversy in Israel between many Haredi Jews — who supported the grandparents and claimed that Schuchmacher's parents were communists who wished to bring the boy with them back to Russia — and secular Jews, some of whom reportedly yelled in Jerusalem, "Epho Yossele?" ("Where is Yossele?").
The search was also an object of controversy, and Harel was criticized for his focus on this case at the expense of manhunts for Nazi officials, notably from then Aman director Major General Meir Amit and even from Israeli spy, Peter Malkin (who had caught Adolf Eichmann).

</doc>
<doc id="20718045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718045" title="Slava Amiragov">
Slava Amiragov

Slava Lvovich Amiragov (, March 23, 1926 – September 2, 1990) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.
Four years later he was part of the Soviet boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20718051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718051" title="Muğanlı (39° 09' N 46° 39' E), Zangilan">
Muğanlı (39° 09' N 46° 39' E), Zangilan

Muğanlı (also, Muganly) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20718055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718055" title="Hui Jiakang">
Hui Jiakang

Hui Jiakang (Chinese:惠家康; Pinyin: "Huì Jiākāng") (January 15, 1989 in Shenyang) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Tianjin Teda F.C. as a versatile attacking midfielder or striker.
Club career.
Hui Jiakang started his football career after graduating from the Shenzhen youth team in 2008. He quickly established himself within the Senior Shenzhen Xiangxue team after he made his debut against Shandong Luneng in a 2-1 defeat on July 5, in the 2008 Chinese Super League season. At the end of the season Hui Jiakang played thirteen league games and his club wanted to offer him a new long term contract, however he was dropped from the team after a there was a dispute about pay with his new contract at the beginning of the 2009 football league season. Shenzhen held him to his remaining contract while the Chinese Football Association stipulated that Hui Jiakang is still contractually obliged to Shenzhen and cannot transfer unless it is to a foreign team.
Without any football for a whole season he went of to train with Hungarian side Ferencvárosi TC until Chinese second tier side Chengdu Blades took him at the beginning of the 2010 league season where he made his debut against Nanjing Yoyo on April 4, 2010 in a 3-0 victory. Throughout the season he would then play in fourteen league games as he aided the club to a runners-up spot within the division and promotion back into the top tier. The following season would see Hui back into the top tier where despite being a regular within the team he could not prevent the team finishing within the relegation zone at the end of the 2011 Chinese Super League season.
International career.
Hui Jiankang graduated through the Chinese U-20 team that took part in the AFC Youth Championship in 2008, where he played in 3 matches and scored 1 goal. Hui Jiakang would then graduate to senior side and made his debut in a 2008 friendly against Iran in a 2–0 loss coming on as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="20718063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718063" title="Associação Desportiva Recreativa e Cultural Icasa">
Associação Desportiva Recreativa e Cultural Icasa

Associação Desportiva Recreativa e Cultural Icasa, usually known simply as Icasa, is a Brazilian football club in Juazeiro do Norte, Ceará. The club competed several times in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and returning after be relegated from Campeonato Brasileiro Série B in 2011. 
History.
The club was founded on May 1, 1963 by Doro Germano, and José Feijó de Sá, as Icasa Esporte Clube. The club's founders were the owners of Indústria Cearense de Algodão S.A (Ceará Cotton Industry), shortened as ICASA, hence the club's name.
Icasa competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in 1981, 1995 and in 1998, being eliminated in the first stage in 1981, in the second stage in 1995, and in the first stage in 1998. In 1985, Icasa competed in the Série B, where they were eliminated in the first stage. In 1992, Icasa won the Campeonato Cearense, sharing the title with Fortaleza, Ceará, and Tiradentes, as the competition was not concluded due to a judicial dispute.
In 1998, the club was founded again as Juazeiro Empreendimentos to avoid paying a labor debt for a former club's player. After the debt was paid with the help of the club's supporters, on January 7, 2002, Juazeiro was refounded as Associação Desportiva Recreativa Cultural Icasa. In 2003, the club won the Campeonato Cearense Second Level. Icasa competed again in the Série C in 2005, where they were eliminated in the second stage, in 2006, again Icasa was eliminated in the second stage, in 2007, the club was eliminated in the first stage. Icasa competed in the 2008 Série C, where they were eliminated in the second stage, but as one of the four best clubs eliminated in that stage, Icasa qualified to compete in the following season's Série C. In 2009, the club was promoted to Série B. They won the Copa Integração in 2007, 2008, and in 2009.
Stadium.
The club usually plays its home games at Estádio Municipal Mauro Sampaio, usually known as Romeirão, which is a stadium located in Juazeiro do Norte, and it has a maximum capacity of 20,000 people.
Current squad.
"As of 22 June 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20718071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718071" title="Muğanlı (39° 05' N 46° 47' E), Zangilan">
Muğanlı (39° 05' N 46° 47' E), Zangilan

Muğanlı (also, Muganly) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20718092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718092" title="Holy Child College Obalende">
Holy Child College Obalende

Holy Child College is a Catholic College for girls in Lagos, Nigeria, it was set up on 9 April 1945 by the "Society for the Holy Child Jesus (SHCJ)". It is located in South-West Ikoyi on the cusp of Obalende and Keffi, to the front of the College is her brother school St Gregory's College, Lagos.
Holy Child College Lagos, consists of Junior and Senior Colleges and practices the 6-3-3-4 educational system in Nigeria. The current School Administrator is Rev. Sister Ify Atuegbu, the current Head Teacher of the Senior College is Mrs Asiegbu while that of the Junior College is Mrs Ezeanya.
The College is the 1st Day/Boarding school owned by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos, it operates between the hours of 7:30am and 3:30pm. The school uniform is a burgundy four-cornered Cap, a cream Blouse, a burgundy Skirt for Seniors and a burgundy Pinafore for Juniors, white Socks, and brown Shoes.
Its educational system is based on the Nigerian policy of the UBE system, where the girls sit for the JSS and SSS exams as well as the West African Senior School Certificate Examinations.
History.
The Society of the Holy Child Jesus was founded by Reverend Mother Cornelia Connelly who was born in Philadelphia in 1809, she set up her first Convent in Derby, England in 1846 at the request of Pope Gregory XVI. The Society was founded for the "spiritual works of Mercy" of which education was a major focus. It has branches in Calabar, Abakaliki and Jos in Nigeria as well as Ghana, Cameroon, Chad, United States, England, Wales, Ireland, Germany, France and Brazil.
The Reverend Sisters of the Holy Child Jesus came to Africa in 1930, their first school was set up in Calabar. The Society founded Holy Child College Lagos, in 1945 at the invitation of Archbishop Leo Taylor who wanted a good Catholic secondary school for the girls in his Archdiocese.
The College started on the 9th of April 1945 with two classes of 15 girls each and four Nuns as full-time Teachers. To increase the number of Students, a new class was admitted each year. By the time the foundation set had completed the six-year programme, the Student population had increased from 30 to 200 in 1950. The foundation students mostly came from ' "Popo Aguda"' '(Yoruba meaning of Catholic Lagosians) who were Brazilian Returnees and old Lagos families like the Trezise's, Da Rocha, Vera Cruz, Pereira, Soares and Pedro as well as other prominent Nigerian families like Apena, Akran, Alakija, Nwosu and Okoli.
Holy Child College Lagos, offers an all-round academic education as well as Sports, Oratory Skills, Latin, Art and Drama, Etiquette and Deportment. Everything in the College is done, "Ad Majorem Dei Gloria" - to the Glory of God.
The school motto and call is 'Facta non Verba' or 'Action not Words'.

</doc>
<doc id="20718108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718108" title="Petition of the three colonels">
Petition of the three colonels

The petition of the three colonels or The Humble Petition of Several Colonels of the Army was a document of the English Interregnum. Written by the Republican agitator John Wildman in the name of John Okey, Thomas Saunders, and Matthew Alured—three colonels in the New Model Army—it criticised Oliver Cromwell and the Protectorate, called for the institution of the Council of Officer's Agreement of the People of December 1648 and was circulated in the army during 1654. On 18 October that year, after the petition had been ceased and the three officers arrested, John Wildman published it . Okey was court-martialled, found not guilty of treason, and set free once he resigned his commission. Saunders was not tried after he resigned his commission. Alured was cashiered from the Army and spent a year in prison because, in addition to signing the petition, he had stirred up dissatisfaction among English troops stationed in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20718119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718119" title="Muğanlı, Zangilan">
Muğanlı, Zangilan

Muğanlı, Zangilan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20718121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20718121" title="Leonid Gissen">
Leonid Gissen

Leonid Davidovich Gissen (, June 28, 1931 – February 7, 2005) was a Russian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he won the silver medal as crew member of the Soviet boat in the eights event.
Four years later he was part of the Soviet boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the eights competition.

</doc>
