<doc id="20722218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722218" title="Tee Yih Jia">
Tee Yih Jia

Tee Yih Jia Food Manufacturing Pte Ltd (simplified Chinese: 第一家), is a food manufacturing company headquartered in Singapore. Tee Yih Jia is the world leading manufacturer of spring roll pastry (also known as “popiah” in local context) that also manufactures a wide range of ready-to-eat Asian convenience foods such as roti paratha, crepes, cocktail prawn rolls, glutinous rice balls, spring rolls and samosas. Apart from pastry-based food, Tee Yih Jia manufactures other frozen convenience food products such as Dim Sum, Ramen, Oriental Buns (or mantou), and Asian Pizzas with flavors like Peking duck and satay chicken. Tee Yih Jia’s “Spring Home” brand products are manufactured in Singapore as well as in several regional facilities. Tee Yih Jia has a factory in Senoko (Singapore) and a Johor (Malaysia) factory of , as well as manufacturing plants in the USA and China.
Company history.
Early years.
Tee Yih Jia started off as Tee Yih Jia Po Piah Dried Pastry Factory (Pte) Ltd in 1969. It was a small, labour-intensive spring roll pastry producer, using semi-mechanized machinery in its production and serving the local Singapore market. Its current Executive Chairman, Sam Goi Seng Hui, acquired the company from its founders for $450,000 in 1977 as part of his business diversification plan. Recognizing the increasing potential of the growing ready-to-eat food industry, Sam took over active management in 1980 to explore and initiate greater growth opportunities for the company.
The 1980s.
Investing heavily in technology in 1984, Tee Yih Jia commenced on the automation of its manufacturing and quality control processes in order to reinvent itself into a company that is equipped and capable of serving beyond the local markets. As a result, Tee Yih Jia became the first in the industry to introduce full automation into the production of spring roll pastry in the 1980s.
In recognition of its continuous investments and effort in the development and enhancement of its processes to compete on a global scale, the National Productivity Board awarded Tee Yih Jia the National Productivity Award (currently under SPRING Singapore National Awards programme) in 1986 for the company’s emphasis on R&D, stringent quality control, aggressive marketing strategies and expansion plans, making it the first medium-sized company in Singapore to receive such an award.
Since 1988, Tee Yih Jia started the expansion of its business activities beyond its initial markets into countries like China, Taiwan and the USA. It established 2 facilities in California, USA to produce Japanese noodles, cookies and cultured milk drinks. Tee Yih Jia also formed a joint venture with the China Pacific group to build a plant in Fuqing (Fujian Province) to manufacture spring rolls, samosas and biscuits. Tee Yee Jia was the first food processing company in Fujian to attain HACCP certification and ISO 9002, as well as the first to receive EU clearance for the export of fishery products to Europe.
In 1987, Tee Yih Jia’s “Spring Home” brand Indian Samosas won the SIFST (Singapore Institute of Food Science and Technology) Best Product Award. In 1989, Spring Home won the Monde Selection’s Gold Medal for its spring roll pasty. The company continued to build on the initial success of its flagship products and extended its product range to include other Asian ready-to-eat products.
The 1990s.
For six consecutive years since the mid-1990s, Tee Yih Jia has been featured in the Singapore Enterprise 50 lists. In 1996, a special award was conferred onto Tee Yih Jia by the E50 committee for successfully marketing a traditional product overseas. Tee Yih Jia was also awarded the HACCP Certificate from the Singapore Productivity Board in 1998.
In 1999, with the support of the Economic Development Board’s (EDB) Innovation Development Scheme, Tee Yih Jia launched the frozen Roti Paratha – a unique product manufactured using a specially designed and fully automated production process. Traditionally roti paratha, an Indian flat bread, is laboriously made by hand. Through R&D, Tee Yih Jia adapted its method of preparation for large-scale, automated production. Tee Yih Jia also made its roti paratha a cholesterol free variant to distinguish its product as a healthier alternative to the traditional paratha that are usually made with ghee (clarified butter).
Tee Yih Jia’s Roti Paratha also made inroads into the mainstream European markets through a major supermarket chain that contracted Tee Yih Jia to specially produce roti paratha packaged with curry sauce. As Europe is a major market for the Company, Tee Yih Jia’s first overseas marketing office was set up in the United Kingdom in 1999 to serve as a marketing hub to increase its presence and accessibility to customers.
2000 and beyond.
In March 2000, Tee Yih Jia shifted its operations to a Senoko facility worth more than US$150 million . It continues to invest in the use of state-of-the-art technology and integrated, fully automated manufacturing processes to ensure consistent product quality as well as compliance with international HACCP standards for food safety.
On 22 November 2000, Tee Yih Jia achieved the top spot among Singapore’s best 50 companies, after having been part of the local prestigious award, Enterprise 50 fraternity consecutively for the prior 5 years—the Company was ranked 26th in 1995, 17th in 1996, 12th in 1997, 3rd in 1998, and 2nd in 1999 before making it to Number 1 position in 2000.
Tee Yih Jia continues to grow its global distribution channels through established supermarkets and foodservice companies, and plans to target mainstream consumers in foreign non-Asian markets by promoting the versatility in the applications of its products, such as serving its roti paratha as pita bread, a pizza base or as a wrap.
Origin of Brand Identity.
Due to the export-oriented nature of its business, and with many of its customers from overseas non-Chinese background having difficulty in pronouncing or spelling the company’s name “Tee Yih Jia”, Tee Yih Jia created a product brand identity and came up with the name “Spring Home”. “Spring” because of spring rolls, its flagship product, as well as the feelings of freshness and new beginnings that it evokes. “Home” is a translation of the last word in the Company’s name “Jia” (家) – the place where most of Spring Home’s products are used.

</doc>
<doc id="20722226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722226" title="Panhandle Hills">
Panhandle Hills

The Panhandle Hills are a mountain range in Siskiyou County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722239" title="Panoche Hills">
Panoche Hills

The Panoche Hills are a mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Fresno County, California. The US Bureau of Land Management (BLM) maintains a recreation area within the Hills. The California Department of Fish and Game also maintains an ecological reserve within the Hills. The entrance to the BLM area is across Little Panoche Road from the Mercey Hot Springs resort. The Hills contain examples of fossilized remains of Mesozoic era cold seeps.

</doc>
<doc id="20722250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722250" title="Panorama Hills (California)">
Panorama Hills (California)

The Panorama Hills are a mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in eastern San Luis Obispo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722257" title="Edward Kirk">
Edward Kirk

Edward Kirk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20722268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722268" title="Xunyang">
Xunyang

Xunyang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20722269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722269" title="Zhujiang New Town">
Zhujiang New Town

Zhujiang New Town () is the area in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China, which is between Huangpu Avenue in the north and the Pearl River in the south, and between Guangzhou Avenue as the west and the South China Expressway the east. It includes business landmark buildings, namely Guangzhou Opera House, Guangzhou New Library, the new Guangdong Museum, the second Children's Palace, the Twin Towers and the new Canton Tower. It is planned to be the new central business district (CBD) of Guangzhou. The biggest shopping mall is Happy Valley (Guangzhou).
The Guangzhou customs office has moved to the area since 2006.
There is a Guangzhou Metro station called "Zhujiang New Town Station" in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20722303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722303" title="León Félix Batista">
León Félix Batista

León Félix Batista Dominican author and poet. On September 11, 2003, he conducted an "atentado poético" ("poetic attack") in New York in remembrance of the WTC attacks by leaving books with a special poetic dedication for other to pick up and pass on. He represented the Dominican Republic at the Latin American Book Fair in December 2008 in Rome, Italy.
References.
León Felix Batista sobre su libro "Caducidad"

</doc>
<doc id="20722311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722311" title="List of United States Senators in the 4th Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 4th Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from March 4, 1795 to March 3, 1797.
The United States Senate has an official chronological list of senators, accessible from its website, which provides information about the seniority of senators serving in the relevant Congress.
Seniority rules.
"A Chronological List of United States Senators" includes the following explanation of how it assigns seniority.
From 1789 to 1958, senators whose terms began on the same day are listed alphabetically. Beginning in 1959, senators are listed according to commencement of first Senate term by order of service, determined by former service in order as senator, vice president, House member, cabinet secretary, governor, and then by state population. This latter system for calculating order of service has been used by the modern Senate for many years for the purposes of office assignment. It is unclear just when the Senate first began applying such criteria.
Rank column: This consecutively numbers Senators, serving in the relevant Congress, according to seniority in that Congress. Seniority is based upon the method used by the chronological list. If the senator is not the first person to hold the seat, in the Congress, then he is given the number of the preceding senator followed by a lower case letter. In addition, if the senator would have had different seniority (if the method used from 1959 was followed) a further number is given in brackets and italicised
A senator with broken service is placed before other senators starting service on the same day, but after senators with unbroken service starting before that date.
Senate No. column: The chronological guide gives an official number to each senator. This is the number set out in this column. That number is retained even if the senator has broken service.
As an historical article, the states and party affiliations listed reflect those during the Congress. Seats and party affiliations on similar lists for other Congresses will be different for certain members. During this Congress, there were two parties represented. Senators are classified as Democratic-Republican (DR) or Federalist (F).
Seniority list.
Notes on basis of alternative rank:-

</doc>
<doc id="20722319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722319" title="Hraše pri Preddvoru">
Hraše pri Preddvoru

Hraše pri Preddvoru () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Hraše" to "Hraše pri Preddvoru" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20722322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722322" title="Paradise Range (California)">
Paradise Range (California)

The Paradise Range is a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722356" title="Iman Crosson">
Iman Crosson

Iman Crosson (born March 27, 1982) is an American actor, impressionist and YouTube personality and is known for his impersonations of U.S. President Barack Obama and rapper Drake.
Career.
YouTube and Barack Obama impersonator.
On December 14, 2005, a 23-year-old Crosson opened a YouTube account with screen name Alphacat. In July 2008, at the urging of his fellow waiters Crosson created spoof videos of then presidential candidate Barack Obama.
During the summer of the 2008 U.S. Presidential election campaign, Crosson's 30-second video won Denny's Restaurant's nationwide contest for the best impressionist of the then-candidate Barack Obama. He said that he "went from unemployed to self-employed in literally a matter of a month." Crosson moved from New York to California, obtained an agent specializing in helping talent cross over from online to mainstream, and was invited to be on "America's Got Talent."
After Obama's January 2009 inauguration, Crosson was featured on several entertainment and news television shows, blogs and newspapers. Crosson was called a "YouTube sensation" by Fox News' Neil Cavuto.
Crosson's post-inaugural work included voice-overs in "Newsweek's" "The District," a video series in which Crosson narrated Obama's first months in Washington from the President's point of view. Crosson impersonated Obama at the 66th Annual Radio and Television Correspondents' Association Dinner on March 17, 2010.
In October 2012, Crosson performed as Obama in the YouTube series "Epic Rap Battles of History" in the "Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney" episode, the music single of which was certified gold by the RIAA. Additionally, Crosson appeared as President Broccoli Obama in an episode of The Annoying Orange.
In December 2013, Crosson contributed to an Obamacare exchange's “Tell a friend — Get covered” social media campaign for raising awareness among young Americans to enroll in health programs under the Affordable Care Act ("Obamacare") by releasing a video spoof of Snoop Dogg's "Drop It Like It's Hot."
"Along the Roadside".
Crosson played the male lead role in the award winning independent film "Along the Roadside" with supporting actor Michael Madsen, the film debuting at the February 2013 FEST. 

</doc>
<doc id="20722358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722358" title="Partlett Mountains">
Partlett Mountains

The Partlett Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722368" title="Micol Ostow">
Micol Ostow

Micol Ostow (born April 29, 1976) is an American author, editor and educator who has written more than 40 published works. Her first original hardcover novel, "Emily Goldberg Learns to Salsa", was named a "New York Public Library Book for the Teen Age". She has also been the ghostwriter for novelizations of television series such as "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Charmed" and "Fearless".
Early years.
Ostow was born in New York City to a Jewish-American father and a Puerto Rican mother. Even though she was raised in the Jewish faith (her mother, who was a Catholic, converted before she married her father), she always maintained a good relationship and remained close to her Puerto Rican Catholic family. In 1990, when her grandmother was dying in Puerto Rico, she joined her immediate family and other members of the family who traveled from Florida, New York, and other places to the island to be with her. The experience of seeing how easily the family banded together, despite the fact that some of them had never even met before, served as an inspirational factor when she wrote her first novel "Emily Goldberg Learns to Salsa".
After Ostow graduated from college, she was hired by the New York City publisher Simon & Schuster, as an editor. Ostow, who has written as a ghostwriter for novelizations of popular television series such as Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Charmed, and Fearless, some published under house pseudonyms, began to author young-adult novels.
"Emily Goldberg Learns to Salsa".
Ostow took a Media Bistro's YA (Young Adult) Writing Course. During the course she wrote the "Emily Goldberg Learns To Salsa" pitch and the first ten pages of the manuscript in her class. She sold it before the semester ended.
The book is about a Jewish girl from the suburbs of New York. Her mother has family in Puerto Rico, but Emily has never had any contact with them - not until she's forced to go to the Caribbean for her grandmother's funeral. Even though Emily wants nothing to do with her Puerto Rican heritage a very special person shows her that uncovering her roots is like discovering a secret part of her own heart.
Written works.
Among the books which Ostow has authored or co-authored are the following:
Ostow is also the author (uncredited) of young-adult novels based on television series, including American Dreams, and for novel series, including "Fearless" and "Camp Confidential."
Currently.
After spending the first eight years of her career as an editor, Ostow decided to become a freelance writer. She is pursuing a Master of Fine Arts (MFA) degree in writing for children and young adults through Vermont College of Fine Arts. The Media Bistro's YA (Young Adult) Writing Course instructor, Kristen Kemp was looking for someone to continue her work as an instructor and Ostow, who is a full-time freelance accepted the job. She lives and works in NYC with her Emmy award-winning filmmaker husband, Noah Harlan.

</doc>
<doc id="20722390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722390" title="Hrib, Preddvor">
Hrib, Preddvor

Hrib () is a settlement on the right bank of the Kokra River on the outskirts of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20722391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722391" title="Clint Sintim">
Clint Sintim

Clint Kofi Sintim (born February 21, 1986) is a retired American football linebacker of the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Giants in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Virginia.
Early years.
A native of Fairfax County, Virginia, Sintim attended Gar-Field Senior High School, where he made 35 tackles and had three quarterback sacks as a senior and earned first-team all-state and SuperPrep All-American honors. Sintim broke his left leg playing for Gar-Field's boys basketball team on January 13. He is of Ghanaian descent.
Considered a three-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Sintim was listed as the No. 30 strongside defensive end prospect in the nation. He picked Virginia over Tennessee and Virginia Tech on February 2, 2004.
College career.
Sintim lined up as rush linebacker in Virginia's 3-4 defense and he's expected to play a similar role in the NFL. He led the NCAA in sacks by a linebacker his senior year. He ranked third on the team with 70 tackles (38 solos) and had eleven sacks and thirteen stops for losses in 2008. Additionally he caused a fumble and recovered two others and deflected three passes
In 2007 he started all 13 games and had 78 tackles, with 44 being solo and nine going for a loss. He also had nine sacks and forced three fumbles and was second on the team behind Chris Long with 17 quarterback pressures. The previous season, 2006, he started all twelve games and had 45 tackles (22 solo) with 10 of them going for a loss. He also had four sacks and forced a fumble and recovered one and had five quarterback pressures.
Professional career.
New York Giants.
Sintim was drafted in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft by the New York Giants on April 25, 2009. On July 30, the Giants announced that they had signed Sintim to the roster. Eventually, he was expected to replace the Danny Clark/Bryan Kehl linebacker position. Sintim made his debut on October 11, 2009 against the Oakland Raiders in Giants Stadium. He recorded 4 tackles in the game. Three were solo and one assist. Sintim ended his rookie season with a total of 20 Tackles (14 Solo, 6 Assisted) 1.0 sack and 1 tackle for a loss in 11 games. In 2010 he recorded a total of 13 tackles (7 Solo, 6 Assisted) and appeared in 13 games. Sintim tore his ACL twice and never played in 2011. In 2012 he entered training camp on the physically unable to perform list and was eventually waived on August 16, 2012 after failing a team physical.
Retirement.
On May 6, 2013, He announced his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="20722393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722393" title="Pedley Hills">
Pedley Hills

The Pedley Hills are a low mountain range of the northern Peninsular Ranges System, in northwestern Riverside County, California.
They are located to the west of and across the Santa Ana River from the City of Riverside.

</doc>
<doc id="20722416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722416" title="Science and technology in Pakistan">
Science and technology in Pakistan

In Pakistan, science and technology serve as an important part of national politics, practices, and extreme national identities. From the 1960s till present, science and technology have been linked to the national ideology and practical functioning of Pakistan, notably the Pakistan Armed Forces, while science and technology is a growing and flourishing field in Pakistan. Many scientists, who worked in India and United Kingdom (like, e.g. Raziuddin Siddiqui and Salimuzzaman Siddiqui), immigrated to Pakistan and helped give birth to science in Pakistan. Since its independence from Great Britain in 1947, the newly found nation of Pakistan has seen a large influx of scientists, engineers, doctors, and technicians assuming an active role in its fields of science and technology. Liaquat Ali-Khan (office: 15 August 1947 – 16 October 1951), the first Prime minister, invited hundreds of scientists from India and made various reforms to initiate improvement in higher education and scientific research.
Marked by highly developed pure sciences and innovation at theoretical level, interpretation and application fell short. Physics (theoretical, nuclear, particle, laser, and Quantum physics), Material science, Metallurgy (Engineering), Biology, Chemistry (Organic), and Mathematics, are the fields in which Pakistan citizens excelled. During the 1960s till the present, the Pakistan government made the development and advancement of science a national priority and showered top scientists with honours. With the government making efforts to make science a part of national politics, there are several examples of budget cuts in the science funds where corruption remains a vital part of Pakistan politics. In the most notorious case, the Government dissolved the Higher Education Commission — an administrative body that supervised research in science — in 2011. Mega science projects such as "Black-Garden Dam", "Thar Coal programme", and the "Reko Dique gold mine programme" were severely undermined by the political forces in Pakistan which contributed to the halt of scientific research in the country.
Pakistani scientists won acclaim in several fields. They were at the cutting edge of science in fields such as mathematics and in several branches of physical science, notably theoretical and nuclear physics, chemistry, and astronomy. Professor Abdus Salam, a theoretical physicist, was the first and to date (November 3, 2013) the only Pakistani to have won the very prestigious Nobel Prize in 1979, in the category of physics. Furthermore, technology is mostly high developed in the fields of nuclear physics and explosives engineering, where the arms race with the India convinced policy makers to set aside sufficient resources for research. Due to a crash programme directed by Munir Ahmad Khan and the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC), Pakistan is the seventh nation to have developed an atomic bomb, which the global intelligence community believes it had done by 1983 (see "Kirana-I"), nine years after the India (see Pokhran-I). Pakistan first publicly tested its devices (see "Chagai-I" and "Chagai-II") on 28 and 30 May 1998, a mere two weeks after the Republic of India carried out its own tests(See "Pokhran-II"). Space exploration was hastily developed in 1990 Pakistan launched Badr-I followed by Badr-II in 2001. Since the 1980s, the space programme dedicated itself to military technologies (Space weapons programme and Integrated missile systems), and maintains a strong programme developed for military applications.
History.
The Scientific and Technological Research Division was established in 1964 for (i) coordination and implementation of national science and technology policy; (ii) promotion and coordination of research and utilization of the results of research; (iii) development, production and utilization of nuclear energy; and (iv) coordination of utilization of scientific and technological manpower. The Division was administratively responsible for National Science Council, the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the Atomic Energy Commission and the Space and Upper Atmospheric Research Committee.
The Ministry of Science and Technology (MoS&T) has been functioning since 1972. It is the national focal point and enabling arm of Government of Pakistan for planning, coordinating and directing efforts; to initiate and launch scientific and technological programs and projects as per national agenda for sound and sustainable Science & Technology Research base for the socio-economic development.
From the areas of industrial development to renewable energy and rural development, the Ministry suggests technological development for higher growth-rates and to improve standards of living. Its principal focus is on building Pakistan's technological competence and developing a larger pool of human resources to reverse brain drain, and for integrating the existing technological infrastructure for strengthening of technology institutions, effective governance of S&TR and enhancing the capacity of indigenous innovation systems.
State controlled science.
Unlike some Western countries, the majority of the research programmes are conducted not at the institutions (such as universities) but at the specially set up research facilities and institutes. These institutes are performed under the government's Ministry of Science that overlooks the development and promotion of science in the country, while others are performed under the Pakistan Academy of Sciences, other specialized academies and even the research arms of various government ministries. At first, the core of fundamental science was the Pakistan Academy of Sciences, originally set up in 1953 and moved from Karachi to Islamabad in 1964. The Pakistan Academy of Sciences has a large percentage of researchers in the natural sciences, particularly physics. From 1947 to 1971, the research was being conducted independently with no government influence. The High Tension Laboratories (HTL) at the GCU was established by R.M. Chaudhrie with funds given by the British government in the 1950s. In 1967, Prof. Abdus Salam led the foundation of the Institute of Theoretical Physics (ITP) at the Quaid-e-Azam University, and the establishment of the Institute of Nuclear Science and Technology and the Centre for Nuclear Studies; all were independently established by Pakistan's academic scientists with financial assistance provided by European countries. However, after Zulfikar Ali Bhutto became President, he took over the control of scientific research in 1972 as part of his intensified socialist reforms and policies. With advice taken from Dr. Mubashir Hassan, Bhutto established the Ministry of Science with Ishrat Hussain Usmani, a bureaucrat with a doctorate in atomic physics.
During the 1950s and 1960s, both West Pakistan and East Pakistan had their own academies of science, with the East Pakistan relying on West Pakistan to allot the funds. Medical research is coordinated and funded by the Health Ministry and agricultural research is led by Agriculture Ministry and likewise, the research on environmental sciences is headed by the Environment Ministry.
An aftermath of the 1971 Indo-Pakistan "Winter War" was that Bhutto increased scientific funding by the Government by more than 200%, mostly dedicated to military research and development. Bhutto, with the help of his Science Adviser Dr. Salam, gathered hundreds of Pakistani scientists working abroad to develop what became Pakistan's atom bomb. This crash programme was directed at first by Dr. Abdus Salam until 1974 and then directed and led by Munir Ahmad Khan from 1974 until 1991. For the first time an effort was made by the government when Pakistan's citizens made advancements in nuclear physics, theoretical physics and mathematics. In the 1980s, General Zia-ul-Haq radicalized the science by enforcing pseudoscience - by his Muslim fundamentalists as administrators - in Pakistan's schools and universities. One of the premiers were Mazhar Mahmood Qurashi, a physicist educated in the United Kingdom, and Sultan Bashiruddin Mahmood, a nuclear engineer, also educated in the United Kingdom. They played a major role in radicalizing the science in Pakistan. General Zia-ul-Haq later promoted Dr. Abdul Qadeer Khan to export the sensitive industrial (military) technologies to Libya, Iran, and North Korea. Because of government control, academic research in Pakistan remains highly classified and unknown to the international scientific community. There have been several failed attempts made by foreign powers to infiltrate the country's research facilities to learn how much research has progressed and how much clandestine knowledge has been gained by Pakistan's scientific community. One of the notable cases was in the 1970s, when the Libyan intelligence made an unsuccessful attempt to gain knowledge on critical aspects of nuclear physics, and crucial mathematical calculations in theoretical physics, but was thwarted by the ISI Directorate for Joint Intelligence Technical (JIT). From the 1980s and onward, both the Russian intelligence and the Central Intelligence Agency made several attempts to access Pakistan's research but because of the ISI, they were unable to gain any information. From the period 1980 to 2004, research in science fell short until General Pervez Mushrraf established the Higher Education Commission (HEC) which heightened the contribution of science and technology in Pakistan. Major research was undertaken by Pakistan's institutes in the field of natural sciences. In 2003, the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Government of Pakistan and the United States Department of State signed a comprehensive Science and Technology Cooperation Agreement that established a framework to increase cooperation in science, technology, engineering and education for mutual benefit and peaceful purposes between the science and education communities in both countries. In 2005, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) joined with the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) and the Higher Education Commission (HEC) of Pakistan to support the joint Pakistan-U.S. Science and Technology Cooperation Program. Beginning in 2008, the United States Department of State (DOS) joined USAID as U.S. co-sponsor of the program. This program, which is being implemented by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences on the U.S. side, is intended to increase the strength and breadth of cooperation and linkages between Pakistan scientists and institutions with counterparts in the United States. However, with the unfavourable situations, research declined. In 2011, the government dissolved the HEC and the control of education was taken by governmental ministries.
Scientific research institutions (SRI).
A large part of research is conducted by science research institutes with semi-controlled by the Government. 
Notable scientists.
Order of Excellence.
Scientists who are awarded the highest hierarchy of Pakistan, the Nishan-e-Imtiaz (Order of Excellence).
Order of Crescent.
Scientists who are conferred with second highest honored, the Hilal-i-Imtiaz (Order of Crescent). 
National prizes.
The most prestigious government prize awarded for achievements in science and technology is "Nishan-e-Imtiaz" (or in English Order of Excellence). While Hilal-i-Imtiaz, Sitara-i-Imtiaz, and Tamgha-e-Imtiaz occupies a unique role and importance in Pakistan's civil society.
Achievements.
In 1961, international achievements first recorded in 1961 when Pakistan became third Asian country and tenth in the world when the "Rehbar-I" — a solid fuel expandable rocket— was launched from Sonmani Spaceport. The "Rehbar-I" was launched and developed under the leadership of dr. W. J. M. Turowicz, a renowned Polish-Pakistani scientist and then-project-director of this program. Since then, the program began taking flights which continued until 1970s.
However, a major-breakthrough was internationally recorded in 1979, when the Nobel Prize Committee announced to award the very prestigious Nobel Prize to Abdus Salam, in the category of physics for formulating the Electroweak Theory — a theory that provides the basis of unification of weak nuclear force and the electromagnetic force. In 1990, Suparco launched her first and locally designed communication satellite, "Badr-I", from Xichang Satellite Launch Center of the Peoples Republic of China. With launch of this satellite, Pakistan became first Muslim majority country to have been succeeded to developed artificial robotic satellite, and was the second South Asian state to have launched its satellite, second to India.
One of the widely reported achievement was internationally recorded in 1998, when country joined the elite Nuclear club. In response of India's nuclear tests on May 11 and May 13 of 1998, under codename "Operation Shakti", in long-constructed Indian Army Pokhran Test Range (PTR). Pakistan under the leadership of Prime minister Navaz Scharief, the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC), conducted five simultaneous tests at the Chagai Hills under codename "Chagai-I" on May 28, 1998. To even the score with India, the PAEC carried another and test at the Kharan Desert, under "Chaga-II", meaning it has tested a total of six devices in under one week. With the testing of these atomic devices, Pakistan became 7th nuclear power country in the world, and the only Muslim-majority country to have mastered the technology. In August 13 of 2011, the Suparco launched its first and indigenously developed geosynchronous satellite, "Paksat-IR" from Xichang Satellite Launch Centre of the People's Republic of China.
Information technology.
Pakistan’s information technology industry has gone through a dramatic change in recent years, and the country has taken lead in adopting some technologies while also setting an example for others in global best practices. Information technology in Pakistan is a growing and rising industry that has a large potential. Matters relating to the IT industry are overseen and regulated by the Ministry of Information Technology of the Government of Pakistan. The IT industry is regarded as a successful sector of Pakistan economically, even during the financial crisis. The Government of Pakistan has given numerous favors to IT investors in the country since the last decade, that resulted in the development of the IT sector. In the years 2003-2005 the country's IT exports saw a rise of about fifty percent and amounted a total of about 48.5 million USD. The World Economic Forum, assessing the development of Information and Communication Technology in the country ranked Pakistan 102nd among 144 countries in the Global Information Technology report of 2012.
As of 2011, Pakistan has over 20 million internet users and is ranked as one of the top countries that have registered a high growth rate in internet penetration. Overall, it has the 15th largest population of internet users in the world. In the fiscal year 2012-2013, the Government of Pakistan aims to spend Rs. 4.6 billion on information technology projects, with emphasis on e-government, human resource and infrastructure development.
Golden age of science.
Pakistan is the home of Dr. Abdus Salam who became the first Pakistan winner of Nobel Prize in Physics in 1979. Abdus Salam was the father of scientific research in Pakistan. Under the watchful direction of Salam, mathematicians and physicists tackled the greatest and outstanding problems in physics and mathematics. From 1960 to 1974, Salam was responsible for leading the research at its maximum point. This prompted the international recognition of Pakistani mathematicians and physicists, that resulted the for the Pakistani scientists and mathematicians to conduct their research at CERN. This period is often regarded as the Golden age of Physics in Pakistan, where physicists, particularly from Pakistan, had shared and applied an effort to the advancement of physics and mathematics. Abdus Salam and his students (Riazuddin, Fayyazuddin and others) revolutionized the particle and theoretical physics, are thought to be modern pioneers of particle physics at all aspect of it. A pure research was taken in Quantum electrodynamics, Quantum field theory, protonic decay and major fields in physics, were pioneered by Pakistan's scientists. With the establishment of nuclear and neutron institutes in the country, Pakistan's mathematicians introduced complex mathematical applications to study and examine the behaviors of elements during the fission process. Salimuzzaman Siddiqui is the pioneering personality for studying the isolation of unique chemical compounds from the Neem ("Azadirachta indica"), Rauwolfia, and various other flora.
The 1960s and the 1970s period is regarded as the rise of Pakistan's science, which gained an international reputation in the different science communities of the world. During this period, scientists contributed to the fields of, particularly, Theoretical, Particle, Mathematical, and the Nuclear physics, and other major and sub fields of Physics. The research was preceded by such key physicists as Riazuddin, Ishfaq Ahmad, Pervez Hoodbhoy and Samar Mubarakmand, among others.
Challenges.
Pakistan has been known internationally for some of its major achievements in science and technology such as successful development of media and military technologies and a growing base of doctors and engineers, as well as a fair amount of its new influx of software engineers who have been actively contributing to Pakistan's potential in the Information Technology industry. However due to present situation in Pakistan, around 3,000 Pakistani doctors emigrate to Western economies in search of suitable employment opportunities and hence contribute intellectually to the health sector of developed countries and at the same time leaving the effects of a brain drain in Pakistan.
Despite some progressive scientific achievements, Dr. Pervez Hoodbhoy published a report on scientific output in Pakistan in which he pointed out that research and scientific activities are significantly lower than many other developing countries Hoodbhoy cites that Pakistan has produces far fewer papers than neighboring India. In terms of the number of published scientific research papers, together with the citations to them, Hoodbhoy demonstrates that the output of Pakistan for physics papers, over the period from 1 January 1997 to 28 February 2007, together with the total number of publications in all scientific fields, is substantially lower than Brazil, India, China, and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20722421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722421" title="Donizete Oliveira">
Donizete Oliveira

Donizete Oliveira, or simply known as Donizete (born February 21, 1968 in Bauru, Brazil) is a former Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20722449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722449" title="Pine Hills (California)">
Pine Hills (California)

The Pine Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges, in central San Diego County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722455" title="American Christmas Tree Association">
American Christmas Tree Association

The American Christmas Tree Association is an American, non-profit organization and industry trade group that represents those involved in the artificial Christmas tree industry. The president of the group is Thomas Harman, who is also the president and CEO of Balsam Hill, a seller of artificial trees. In November 2008, they launched a new website, which, according to the association, was meant to, "promote accurate and factual consumer information and provide consumers with the tools they need to make an educated choice about the right tree for their holiday and family enjoyment". The American Christmas Tree Association is based in a West Hollywood, California post office box. 

</doc>
<doc id="20722458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722458" title="Ol' Time Killin'">
Ol' Time Killin'

"Ol' Time Killin'" is a hip-hop song by Kardinal Offishall featuring Jully Black, Allistair, IRS, and Wio-K, released in 2001. Produced by Mr. Attic, it was the second single from his second album "".
Background.
One day after performing at a club in New York City, Kardinal was in his hotel room talking to Saukrates, when he heard an infectious beat coming from downstairs. Saukrates told him that Mr. Attic of Da Grassroots was playing beats in his room, then Kardinal went downstairs to check it out. In an interview, he said:
The featured rappers, Wio-K and IRS (Korry Deez and Black Cat) from Scarborough's Monolith crew, were chosen by Kardinal, because he used to hang out with them, and musically, they were as hyper as he was. In order, Kardinal, Wio-K, and Korry Deez perform the first verse, followed by Black Cat and Kardinal in the second verse, followed by Kardinal, Korry Deez, Wio-K, and Black Cat in the third verse. Jully Black and Allistair sing the chorus and outro.
Samples
The song's chorus contains samples from "The MC" by KRS-One, "Murderer" by Barrington Levy, and "Murder She Wrote" by Chaka Demus & Pliers.
Remix
The remix features Busta Rhymes.
Part 2
In 2011, Kardinal released "Anywhere (Ol' Time Killin' Part 2)".
Music video.
The music video was shot by Little X, on a $100,000 budget. It used a brand new visual concept which was never seen on TV before. After the video was released, many people in the hip hop industry became a fan of Kardinal, including Pharrell Williams, Clipse, and Pete Rock. The song "Maxine" is featured at the end of the video.

</doc>
<doc id="20722464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722464" title="Merv Johnson">
Merv Johnson

Willis Merwyn (Merv) Johnson (born May 9, 1923) is a Saskatchewan farmer and former politician. 
Johnson was the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation Member for Parliament for Kindersley, Saskatchewan. He first won his seat in the Canadian House of Commons in the 1953 federal election and was re-elected in 1957 before being defeated in the 1958 general election in the Diefenbaker landslide. He attempted to re-enter the House of Commons in several subsequent elections as a New Democrat but was unsuccessful.
In 1977, Johnson was appointed to serve as Saskatchewan's agent-general in London, England. He also served for several years as president of the Saskatchewan CCF-NDP.

</doc>
<doc id="20722465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722465" title="Roger Ingram">
Roger Ingram

Roger Ingram (born November 13, 1957) is a lead trumpet player, educator, and author. He is best known for being the lead trumpet player on the Jazz at Lincoln Center, Harry Connick, Jr., Maynard Ferguson, Ray Charles, and Woody Herman big bands. He is also known for his 2008 trumpet textbook, Clinical Notes on Trumpet Playing, his vintage brass mute restorations, the Jupiter XO Series 1600I Ingram model trumpet, and the Ingram line of Bb trumpet mouthpieces.
Early Life.
Roger O'Neal Ingram was born November 13, 1957 in St. Luke's Hospital in Pasadena, California, the youngest of three children born to Hazel Ruth Ingram and Walter Edward (Ed) Ingram. His mother Hazel (December 20, 1923 - August 2, 2013) was born in Lamar, Arkansas and his father Ed (August 28, 1903 - March 8, 1992) was born at Niagara Falls, New York.
Ingram's mother ran the household and worked as a tailor and dressmaker from their home in Eagle Rock, Los Angeles; his father was a free-lance artist, actor, and musician. Both were instrumental in his musical development.
Roger Ingram's father, Ed, was multi-talented; in addition to being an artist (he worked on the early Popeye cartoons, and several early Disney animations, including "Fantasia,") he had his own radio show in Los Angeles in the 1930s where he sang and played ukulele. During the 1940s and 50's he worked in Hollywood as a singer and actor; he was in more than 30 movies and television series episodes, and can be seen in several classics, including The Joker's Wild, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, Superman, This Island Earth, and Titanic. During Roger's childhood, Ed supported the family as a commercial artist. He developed the concept and wrote the pilot for "24 On / 24 Off" which became the popular TV show "Emergency!" Edward loved music in general and jazz in particular; he played many instruments including saxophone and harmonica. He encouraged Roger's interest in music by bringing him to hear the jazz greats of the day, including Louis Armstrong, Harry James, Duke Ellington, Count Basie, Al Hirt, Buddy Rich, Barney Bigard, Jack Teagarden, Kid Ory, Woody Herman, Rafael Méndez, and Teddy Buckner. His father gave Roger his first trumpet and mouthpiece in 1965; the horn is a bare brass trumpet made in American-occupied post-war Japan, the bell is stamped "Koondr, Kailangan Tokyo."
Ingram began playing the trumpet at eight. Growing up in Los Angeles, he became acquainted with some of the finest Hollywood session trumpet players of the time. Many of these introductions came through John Rinaldo, his band director at Eagle Rock High School. Mr. Rinaldo spearheaded a very fertile and successful high school jazz program. Besides Ingram, Mr Rinaldo's jazz program produced such great musicians as drummers Carlos Vega and Sam Wiley, bassists Scott Colley and David Stone, guitarist Larry Koonse, saxophonists Doug Rinaldo, Brian Mitchell, and Gary Hypes, trombonists Arturo Velasco and Luis Bonilla, pianist Guy Steiner, and trumpeters Bobby Muzingo and Buddy Gordon. Through Mr. Rinaldo, Ingram was able to meet and study with Bobby Shew and Laroon Holt. Other teachers Roger studied with include Bud Brisbois, Mannie Klein, Roy Stevens, Don Raffell, Bobby Findley, Carmine Caruso, Reynold Schilke, James Stamp, Uan Rasey, Mel Broiles, and Dan Jacobs.
Career.
At only sixteen, Ingram toured with the great Louie Bellson Big Band, sharing section duties with Blue Mitchell, Bobby Shew, Cat Anderson and Frank Szabo. His first big international gigs were with that esteemed group during the 1974 Belvedere King Size Jazz Festival Tour at Varsity Stadium in Toronto, the Winnipeg Arena in Winnipeg, and the Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, Canada. After his stint with Bellson, Ingram graduated high school and then joined the Quincy Jones Big Band for a fall tour. Immediately following that tour, at seventeen, he spent a year touring with the Connie Stevens show, playing lead trumpet for the first time with a popular music act.
At eighteen, Ingram played first trumpet with the international pop star Tom Jones, and remained with him for six years. After that, he moved to Las Vegas, where for two years he gained invaluable experience playing production shows and star acts on the world renowned Las Vegas Strip.
In 1985, Ingram joined the famous Woody Herman Orchestra as lead trumpet. Ingram's friend, Ron Stout, held the jazz trumpet chair at that time, and was instrumental in getting him onto the band. Ingram remained with "The Herd" until Herman's death in 1987. He recorded three Grammy nominated albums with the band leader: "The 50th Anniversary Tour", "Woody's Gold Star", and "The Concord Years". Ingram's tenure with Herman's Thundering Herd was a vital developmental period, as he matured into one of the world's preeminent lead trumpet players. Roger Ingram is the last lead trumpeter to play with the true Woody Herman Orchestra.
Ingram returned to his hometown of Los Angeles after Woody's death, founding and co-leading his own big band with saxophonist Steve Elliott. The Ingram-Elliott big band featured talented artists such as Bobby Shew, Till Brönner, Bill Watrous, and Gary Foster. In 1988, Ingram worked with the famous WDR Jazz Orchestra in Cologne, Germany. While in Germany, he recorded works by Bob Brookmeyer and Jim McNeeley, featuring Mel Lewis on drums. During this time, he recorded with saxophonist Loren Schoenberg and pianist/composer Django Bates.
Later that year, Ingram joined the orchestra of one of his trumpet inspirations, Maynard Ferguson, and recorded three albums with the high note legend. In October 2004, Ingram performed as a featured artist at Stratospheric, a four-day festival honoring Maynard. In September 2006, he performed as a featured soloist at The Maynard Ferguson Tribute Concert in St. Louis, Missouri along with many other world class trumpet players, including his long-time friend and colleague Wayne Bergeron. After a total of three years as Maynard's lead trumpeter, Ingram moved to Florida, where he was a teaching assistant and private instructor at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida. While in Miami, he collaborated with his friend and colleague, Cuban trumpeter Arturo Sandoval, recording the Grammy Award winning album, Danzon. He also did a variety of commercial recording work, performed and toured with the New Xavier Cugat Orchestra, and worked on a consistent basis with the Peter Graves Orchestra.
In 1990, Ingram joined the newly formed big band of singer, pianist, composer, and arranger, Harry Connick, Jr. He recorded three albums with Connick, working with him until the orchestra disbanded in 1993. The following year, Ingram toured with singer Frank Sinatra. Later in 1994, he moved to New York City, joining Wynton Marsalis and his Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra. Ingram recorded three albums with Marsalis, including the Pulitzer-Prize winning "Blood on the Fields".
Ingram left Jazz at Lincoln Center in 1997 to tour and record with the legendary Ray Charles for two years. After touring with singer-songwriter Paul Anka, he joined the re-formed Harry Connick, Jr. big band in 1998 and recorded the Grammy nominated album "Come by Me". In April 2000, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) gave that album a Gold Record certification. In the summer of 2001, Ingram did a brief stint touring and playing lead trumpet with the Count Basie Orchestra, returning to tour with Connick in November. Among the 18 albums and DVDs that Roger has recorded with Connick, his most noteworthy performances are on "Blue Light, Red Light", "When My Heart Finds Christmas", the Grammy-winning "Songs I Heard", "Harry for the Holidays", "Thou Shalt Not", "Chanson du Vieux Carre", "Oh My NOLA" and "What a Night! A Christmas Album".
While living in New York, Ingram performed in a freelance capacity in more than 20 Broadway productions including "Chicago", "Grease", "Cats", "Les Misérables", "Play On", and "The Producers". In addition, Roger played trumpet for the Alvin Ailey Dance Theatre and he was the principal trumpet player in the Broadway shows and cast albums of "Thou Shalt Not", "The Pajama Game", and "Harry on Broadway, Act 1".
From the start of Ingram's career, he has performed at jazz festivals around the world: the Monterey Jazz Festival, the Concord Jazz Festival, Montreux Jazz Festival, Nice, Newport, The New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival, The Montreal Jazz Festival, and The Rimpelrock Festival. He was a featured artist at the Glasgow Jazz Festival in 2009, the Spring Lake Jazz Fest and Maryland Trumpet Day in 2010, and the Havana Jazz Festival, Columbia Jazz Festival, and Missouri State University Jazz Festival in 2011. He has made appearances at multiple LA Jazz Institute festivals, the Midwest Band Clinic, the International Association of Jazz Educators (IAJE: disincorporated in 2009), the Jazz Education Network (JEN), the Charles Colin Brass Conference, International Trumpet Guild Conference, and the NAMM show (National Association of Music Merchants).
Since 2005, Ingram has been an Artist in Residence of the Music Conservatory at the Chicago College of Performing Arts at Roosevelt University. After 4 years of monthly commuting from New York, he moved to La Grange, Illinois in 2008. In addition to teaching, concertizing, and conducting clinics and master classes throughout the world, his busy schedule includes performing, touring, and recording. Over the last decade, a partial list of the groups he has toured, performed, and/or recorded with include Harry Connick, Jr., Paul Anka, the Woody Herman Alumni Orchestra, The Rob Parton Big Band, The Chicago Afro-Latin Jazz Ensemble, and subbed with the Liza Minnelli orchestra. In February 2010, after 36 years, Ingram "retired" from the tour bus and being a sideman. He has now dedicated his life to music education, studio recording, and feature performances.
In August 2008, Roger Ingram's trumpet textbook, "Clinical Notes on Trumpet Playing" was first published. Ingram's description/goal of the book is in his introduction. "The strategies and exercises discussed in this book are my interpretation and the result of information I've absorbed during my life about music and trumpet playing. This book is also an explanation of how I've taken these concepts (and my own discoveries) and made them work for me. It is my hope that through your application of the data contained within this book you can do the same for yourself, as ultimately, you are your best teacher."
The book was immediately embraced by trumpet players and music educators around the world: it has been sold in over 60 countries, and has been included on the recommended or required reading lists for music programs of universities and conservatories worldwide. As of September 2013 it is in the 20th printing.
Ingram is one of the most sought after and prolific lead trumpet players of our time. Well known for his dynamic sound and upper register, and feel for swing, Roger's musical legacy is embodied by his respect and regard for artistic integrity. Ingram is considered by Harry Connick, Jr., as well as many others, to be the finest lead trumpet player in the world. His definitive voice and performance mastery undoubtedly place him among the lineage of great lead trumpeters in the history of jazz music.
In 2009, Ingram designed a B♭ trumpet for the Jupiter Band Instrument company. This trumpet is the XO Series 1600I model, known colloquially as the I-horn. Roger plays this trumpet exclusively. He also performs with the Jupiter XO Series professional flugelhorn and the Jupiter XO Series professional 4-valve Bb/A piccolo trumpet (Jupiter 1700RS). Just for fun, Roger plays the Jupiter 528L valve trombone.
During 2011-2012, Ingram's line of four professional mouthpieces for Bb trumpet (the V-cup, the Lead, the Studio, and the Jazz) arrived on the market.
Sideman.
In a freelance/sideman or session musician capacity, the many artists Roger has performed with include the following:
Pepper Adams, Toshiko Akiyoshi, Jay and the Americans, Frankie Avalon, Pearl Bailey, Tex Beneke, Chuck Berry, Bob Brookmeyer, Les Brown, George Burns, Cab Calloway, Conte Candoli, Pete Candoli, Jack Carter, Ron Carter, Joe Castro, Ray Charles, Doc Cheatham, Cher, Rosemary Clooney, Al Cohn, Natalie Cole, Buddy DeFranco, Dom DeLuise, Harry Sweets Edison, Bill Evans, Fabian, Jon Faddis, Joe Farrell, José Feliciano, Eddie Fisher, The Four Freshmen, The Four Lads, Four Tops, Connie Francis, Annette Funicello, Jackie Gayle, Herb Geller, Stan Getz, Terry Gibbs, Dizzy Gillespie, Edie Gorme, Jimmy Heath, Joey Heatherton, The New Horace Heidt Orchestra, Joe Henderson, Bill Holman, Lena Horne, Milt Jackson, JJ Johnson, Jack Jones, Frankie Lane, Steve Lawrence, Jay Leno, John Lewis, Mel Lewis, Rich Little, Gloria Loring, Henry Mancini, Chuck Mangione, Shelly Manne, Ann-Margret, Rose Marie, Johnny Mathis, Jim McNeely, Carmen McRae, The Mills Brothers, The Modernaires, Jack Montrose, The New Jack Morgan Orchestra, Gerry Mulligan, Anne Murray, Wayne Newton, Helen O'Connell, Anita O'Day, Chico O'Farrill, The O'Jays, Bernadette Peters, Bill Porter, Don Rickles, Nelson Riddle Orchestra, Joan Rivers, Marcus Roberts, Kenny Rogers, Shorty Rogers, Carl Saunders, Doc Severinsen, Bud Shank, Avril Shaw, Jack Sheldon, Bobby Shew, The Silvers, Frank Sinatra, Jr., Zoot Sims, Suzanne Somers, Ira Sullivan, Donna Summer, The Temptations, Toni Tennille, Clark Terry, The Tonight Show Orchestra, Jerry Vale, Frankie Valli, Sarah Vaughn, Slappy White, Margaret Whiting, Joe Williams, John Williams, Al Wilson, Cassandra Wilson, Nancy Wilson, Phil Woods
Personal Life.
On April 2nd 2010, Ingram married Victoria Clarke in Brookfield, Illinois. They have two children, Jacqueline Clarke Such and Byron Russell Clarke Winans, and live in the Chicago suburb of La Grange.
He was previously married to Amie Shimmel in 2000; they divorced in 2002. They had no children together. Dr. Shimmel and Roger remain friends, and she is Roger's family's health care provider.
After touring for 36 years with a multitude of celebrated performers, Roger retired from being a sideman in 2010 and has happily adapted to a family lifestyle in the Chicago suburbs where he spends much of his time writing, recording, and teaching privately in his home studio. He gains much pleasure from his involvement with music education and enjoys appearing as a guest soloist and presenting master classes to middle school, high school and college students throughout the school year. 
Roger enjoys collecting vintage musical memorabilia which includes rare LP's, print ads, brass instruments, mouthpieces, cases, mutes, retro audio equipment and historic music literature. As a hobby, Roger restores vintage brass instrument mutes for friends and colleagues, and his own personal use. He is regarded by many to be an expert in the field of vintage brass instrument mutes, and is sometimes referred to as "The Mute Meister." 
Roger enjoys many spectator sports and is an avid Chicago Blackhawks Hockey fan. He has a policy not to discuss religion or politics in print, in public or with his students. Roger has adopted a holistic approach towards health and preventative medicine through incorporating regular exercise and a diet which includes a daily regime of vitamins and herbal supplements.

</doc>
<doc id="20722467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722467" title="Nocturnal sleep-related eating disorder">
Nocturnal sleep-related eating disorder

Nocturnal Sleep-Related Eating Disorder (NSRED), also known as Sleep-Related Eating disorder (SRED), sleep eating, or somnambulistic eating, is a combination of a parasomnia and an eating disorder. John W. Winkelman, an Assistant Professor of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School and the Medical Director of the Sleep Health Center of Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, described this disorder as being in a specific category within somnambulism or a state of sleepwalking that includes behaviors connected to a person’s conscious wishes or wants. Thus many times NSRED is a person’s fulfilling of their conscious wants that they suppress; however, this disorder is difficult to distinguish from other similar types of disorders.
According to doctors and psychiatrists including John Winkelman; Robert Auger, a practicing psychiatrist at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota; Carlos H. Schenck, an Assistant Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Minnesota Medical school; and Mark W. Mahowald, an Assistant Professor of Neurology at the University of Minnesota Medical school, NSRED is closely related to Night Eating Syndrome (NES) except for the fact that those suffering from NES are completely awake and aware of their eating and bingeing at night while those suffering from NSRED are sleeping and unaware of what they are doing. NES is primarily considered an eating disorder while NSRED is primarily considered a parasomnia; however, both are a combination of parasomnia and eating disorders since those suffering from NES usually have insomnia or difficulty sleeping and those suffering from NSRED experience symptoms similar to binge eating. Some even argue over whether NES and NSRED are the same or distinct disorders. Even though there have been debates over these two disorders, specialists have examined them to try to determine the differences. Dr. J. Winkelman noted several features of the two disorders that were similar, but he gave one important factor that make these disorders different. In his article Sleep-Related Eating Disorder and Night Eating Syndrome: Sleep Disorders, Eating Disorders, Or both, Dr. Winkelman said, “Both involve nearly nightly binging at multiple nocturnal awakenings, defined as excess calorie intake or loss of control over consumption.” He also reported that both disorders have a common occurrence of approximately one to five percent of adults, have been predominantly found in women, with a young adult onset, have a chronic course, have a primary morbidity of weight gain, sleep disruption, and shame over loss of control over food intake, have familial bases, and have been observed to have comorbid depression and daytime eating disorders. However, Winkelman said, “The most prominent cited distinction between NES and SRED is the level of consciousness during nighttime eating episodes.” Therefore, these two disorders are extremely similar with only one distinction between them. This information provided by Dr. Winkelman shows how doctors and psychologists have difficulty differentiating between NES and NSRED, but the distinction of a person’s level of consciousness is what doctors chiefly rely on to make a diagnosis. One mistake that is often made is the misdiagnosis of NSRED for NES. However, even though NSRED is not a commonly known and diagnosed disease, many people suffer from it in differing ways while doctors work to find a treatment that works for everyone; several studies have been done on NSRED, such as the one conducted by Schenk and Mahowald. These studies, in turn, provide the basic information on this disorder including the symptoms, behaviors, and possible treatments that doctors are using today.
Historical background.
According to Carlos H. Schenck and Mark W. Mahowald, the first case of NSRED was reported in 1955, but over the next thirty-six years, only nine more reports were made of this syndrome. Seven of these reports were single-case studies and the other two instances were seen during objective sleep studies, all done by psychiatrists and doctors. Schenck and Mahowald were the first to a major study on this disorder. They started their study of NSRED in 1985 and continued until 1993 with several cases among a total of 38 other various sleep-related disorders. Many of the cases they observed had symptoms that overlapped with those of NES, but this study was the first to discover that NSRED was different from NES in the fact that those suffering from NSRED were either partially or completely unaware of their actions at night while those with NES were aware. Schenck and Mahowald also discovered that none of the patients had any eating instability before their problems at night while sleeping. In their 1993 report, they summarized the major findings with the idea that women encompass at least two thirds of the patients and that the majority of these patients had become overweight. They also discovered that while the patients’ night-eating normally started during early adulthood, this wasn’t always the case as it started as early as childhood to as late as middle adulthood. These patients not only had NSRED, but many of them had also been suffering from other nighttime behaviors such as sleep terrors for several years. This revolutionized the way people saw NSRED.
With the technological age growing and more people becoming obese, Schenck and Mahowald’s discovery of NSRED causing a large weight increase helped doctors more easily identify this disorder. As seen in Table 1 below, almost half of Schenck and Mahowald’s patients were significantly obese. According to body mass index’s criteria, no patient was emaciated. Schenck and Mahowald said, “virtually all patients had accurate non-distorted appraisals of their body size, shape, and weight. Furthermore, unlike the patients in Stunkard's series, none of our patients had problematic eating in the evening between dinner and bedtime; sleep onset insomnia was not present; and sleep latency was usually brief, apart from several patients with RLS.” After realizing what was wrong with them, many of Schenck and Mahowald’s patients with NSRED restricted their day eating and over exercised. This table summary identifies the first initial findings concerning NSRED, and it shows how NSRED is a random malady that affects many different types of people in individual ways.
Symptoms and behaviors.
Over the past thirty years, several studies have found that those afflicted with NSRED all have different symptoms and behaviors specific to them, yet they also all have similar characteristics that doctors and psychologists have identified to distinguish NSRED from other combinations of sleep and eating disorders such as Night Eating Syndrome. Dr. John W. Winkelman says that typical behaviors for patients with NSRED include: “Partial arousals from sleep, usually within 2 to 3 hours of sleep onset, and subsequent ingestion of food in a rapid or ‘out of control’ manner.” They also will attempt to eat bizarre amalgamations of foods and even potentially harmful substances such as glue, wood, or other toxic materials. In addition, Schenck and Mahowald noted that their patients mainly ate sweets, pastas, both hot and cold meals, improper substances such as “raw, frozen, or spoiled foods; salt or sugar sandwiches; buttered cigarettes; and odd mixtures prepared in a blender.” During the handling of this food, patients with NSRED distinguish themselves, as they are usually messy or harmful to themselves. Some eat their food with their bare hands while others attempt to eat it with utensils. This occasionally results in injuries to the person as well as other injuries. After completing their studies, Schenck and Mahowald said, “Injuries resulted from the careless cutting of food or opening of cans; consumption of scalding fluids (coffee) or solids (hot oatmeal); and frenzied running into walls, kitchen counters, and furniture.” A few of the more notable symptoms of this disorder include large amounts of weight gain over short periods of time, particularly in women; irritability during the day, due to lack of restful sleep; and vivid dreams at night. It is easily distinguished from regular sleepwalking by the typical behavioral sequence consisting of “rapid, ‘automatic’ arising from bed, and immediate entry into the kitchen.” In addition, throughout all of the studies done, doctors and psychiatrists discovered that these symptoms are invariant across weekdays, weekends, and vacations as well as the eating excursions being erratically spread throughout a sleep cycle. Most people that suffer from this disease retain no control over when they arise and consume food in their sleep. Although some have been able to restrain themselves from indulging in their unconscious appetites, some have not and must turn to alternative methods of stopping this disorder. It is important for trained physicians to recognize these symptoms in their patients as quickly as possible, so those with NSRED may be treated before they injure themselves.
Treatment.
For those patients who have not been able to stop this disorder on their own, doctors have been working to discover a treatment that will work for everyone. One treatment that Schenck and Mahowald studied consisted of psychotherapy combined with "environmental manipulation." This was usually done separately from the weight-reducing diets. However, during this study only 10 percent of the patients were able to lose more than one third of their initial excess weight, which was not a viable percentage. In addition, they reported that many of the patients experienced “major depression” and “severe anxiety” during the attempted treatments. This was not one of the most successful attempts to help those with NSRED.
However, Dr. R. Auger reported on another trial treatment where patients were treated utilizing pramipexole. Those conducting the treatment noticed how the nocturnal median motor activity was decreased, as was assessed by actigraphy, and individual progress of sleep quality was reported. Nevertheless, Dr. Augur also said, “27 percent of subjects had RLS (Restless Legs Syndrome, a condition known to respond to this medication), and number and duration of waking episodes related to eating behaviors were unchanged.” Encouraged by the positive response verified in the above-mentioned trial treatment, doctors and psychiatrists conducted a more recent study described by Dr. Auger as “efficacy of topiramate antiepileptic drug associated with weight loss in 17 consecutive patients with NSRED.” Out of the 65 percent of patients who continued to take the medication on a regular basis, all confirmed either considerable development or absolute remission of “night-eating” in addition to “significant weight loss” being achieved. This has been one of the most effective treatments discovered so far, but many patients still suffered from NSRED. Therefore, other treatments were sought after.
Such treatments include those targeted to associated sleep disorders with the hope that it would play an essential part of the treatment process of NSRED. In Schenck and Mahowald’s series, combinations of cardibopa/L-dopa, codeine, and clonazepam were used to treat five patients with RLS and one patient with somnambulism and PLMS (Periodic Limb Movements in Sleep). These patients all were suffering from NSRED as well as these other disorders, and they all experienced a remission of their NSRED as a result of taking these drugs. Two patients with OSA (Obstructive Sleep Apnea) and NSRED also reported as having a “resolution of their symptoms with nasal continuous positive airway pressure (nCPAP) therapy.” Clonazepam monotherapy was also found to be successful in 50 percent of patients with simultaneous somnambulism. Interestingly, dopaminergic agents such as monotherapy were effective in 25 percent of the NSRED subgroup. Success with combinations of dopaminergic and opioid drugs, with the occasional addition of sedatives, also was found in seven patients without associated sleep disorders. In those for whom opioids and sedatives are relatively contraindicated (e.g., in those with histories of substance abuse), two case reports were described as meeting with success with a combination of bupropion, levodopa, and trazodone. Notably, hypnotherapy, psychotherapy, and various behavioral techniques, including environmental manipulation, were not effective on the majority of the patients studied. Nevertheless, Dr. Auger argue that behavioral strategies should complement the overall treatment plan and should include deliberate placement of food to avoid indiscriminate wandering, maintenance of a safe sleep environment, and education regarding proper sleep hygiene and stress management. Even with their extensive studies, Schenck and Mahowald did not find the success as Dr. Auger found by treating his patients with topiramate.
In a later study done by Phebe Tucker and Barbara Masters, both professors at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center used topiramate to treat a woman’s issues with NSRED as well as Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). They discovered that this treatment led to the woman’s resolution of PTSD, NSRED, and sleepwalking. Besides all of this, the treatment also helped the woman to lose over 70 pounds and maintain the weight loss. Thus far, doctors’ uses of the drug topiramate to treat NSRED have been successful in most patients, and for those that this drug does not work, many other treatments have been explored to aid them.
Case studies.
The treatments listed have been effective for many patients such as Amy Koecheler and Anna Ryan as their symptoms of NSRED are reduced or stopped altogether.
Amy Koecheler.
Koecheler’s NSRED was studied by doctors and psychiatrists since the discovery of it during her youth and eventually reported by Nelli Black and Megan Robertson in their article "Midnight Snack? Not Quite." featured during Women Share Their Stories of Unconscious Eating on ABC on August 19, 2008. Amy, then 24, recounted what it was like to grow up sleep-eating almost every night. While fast asleep, "I would get up in the middle of the night, and I would grab Girl Scout cookies," she said. "I would get my mom, and I would pretend to have a tea party. And she became really frustrated with me because I would constantly wake her up.” This type of behavior went on in the Koechler house for over twenty years, and as Amy got older, her nightly trips to the kitchen became more frequent. About her increasing number of trips, Amy said, “It was not once a night, it was seven, eight, nine times a night. There were times where I would get up, and it would be probably a half hour after I'd fallen asleep." Even though Amy’s nightly excursions increased, her weight did not increase. 
Dr. Carlos H. Schenck put her on a drug that is used to prevent seizures. These help to stop her nightly visits to the kitchen, and she can now go an entire night without getting out of bed once.
Anna Ryan.
Another case reported on by Black and Robertson included Anna Ryan’s NSRED. However, Anna’s case differs significantly from Amy’s in the major facts that Anna didn’t even know that she was suffering from NSRED for a year and a half and that she gained over 60 pounds (27 kg) during that time. Anna first noticed that something was wrong when she felt exhausted during the day even after she had gotten what she thought was a good night’s rest. She said, “I would wake up, and it felt like I hadn’t gone to bed.” Anna decided to go talk to her doctor, Scott Eveloff, about her lack of energy, and he suggested that she participate in a sleep study. When Anna participated in such a prescribed study, she discovered that she was up most nights and eating while sleeping.
Video cameras captured five different trips to the kitchen in two nights. Dr. Eveloff said, “If you’ll notice on the video, Anna does pass by the fruit, passes by several other more nutritious foods and then not only takes the non-nutritious food but, unfortunately, takes a lot of it and eats in almost a slovenly manner. This is classic sleep eating behavior.” After making these observations, Eveloff placed Anna on several different medications; however, Anna did not respond as quickly to medication as Amy Koechler had in her case. Eveloff mentioned to Black and Robertson that people suffering from NSRED generally fall into two categories. He said, “There’s the group of people who respond beautifully to the first attempt at low-dose medication, and then there’s a group of people who remain difficult to treat despite every single medication and medication combination being thrown at them.” Fortuitously, even though Anna Ryan did not have much success with medications prescribed for her disorder at the beginning, she eventually, through trial and error with a variety of medications, discovered a combination of drugs that gave her a complete, restful night’s sleep.
Conclusion.
In conclusion, Nocturnal Sleep Related Eating Disorder has affected thousands of people in an adverse way while others suffer from it their whole lives not even knowing they have it and not suffering any major side effects; however, those that are truly suffering from it have been helped through doctors and psychiatrists studies on the characteristics of NSRED and the best treatments for those that have this disorder. At the same time some symptoms are different in the various individuals that have NSRED, their treatments also differ in the same way. This makes it difficult for doctors to treat NSRED, but they are attempting to help all of those that realize and know they suffer from this disorder.
See also.
Night eating syndrome

</doc>
<doc id="20722472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722472" title="Robert I. Lappin Charitable Foundation">
Robert I. Lappin Charitable Foundation

The Robert I. Lappin Charitable Foundation is a Jewish non-profit organization that operates programs for Jewish youth. Its activities reflects the group's mission of "helping to keep our Jewish children stay Jewish, thus reversing the trend of assimilation and intermarriage." It is based in Salem, Massachusetts and primarily serves 23 cities and towns in the North Shore portion of Greater Boston.
The foundation was founded in 1993 by Robert Israel “Bob” Lappin (born 1922), a retired vacuum cleaner magnate and native of Swampscott, Massachusetts.
The Foundation's largest program was the "(Jewish) Youth to Israel" program, which offers Jewish youth a free trip to Israel. About 1,800 Jewish teenagers were supported by the foundation in their visit to Israel. Lappin had begun the program in 1971.
It also supported enrichment programs for Jewish educators, and interfaith outreach initiatives. In 2007 the foundation gave about $1.5 million to Jewish groups. 
On December 12, 2008, the Lappin Foundation was temporarily forced to close because its entire $8 million endowment had been invested with Bernard Madoff. Madoff was arrested and charged with securities fraud on December 11, 2008, and subsequently the fact that his fund was "basically a giant Ponzi scheme" leaked out. The group has been noted by many as one of the most severely affected clients of Madoff's firm. It laid off all seven of its employees, and all of its assets had been frozen by the federal courts in the aftermath. Additionally, the foundation had invested its employees' 401(k) fund with Madoff, all of which was presumed lost. Lappin has since donated replacement funding to make the 401(k) whole.
The Foundation's employees worked on a volunteer basis to raise funds to ensure Jewish Youth to Israel could continue in 2009. Between further donations by Lappin and the repayment of grants by previous beneficiaries the program is now back on its feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20722479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722479" title="Brain Age Express">
Brain Age Express

Brain Age Express (known in Japan as Chotto Brain Training and in Europe and Australia as "A Little Bit of... Dr Kawashima's Brain Training") are three educational puzzle video games developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo DSi's DSiWare download service. They are the latest games in the "Brain Age" series, and are repackaged versions of both ' and ' games, featuring both old and new puzzles. There are three editions: "Arts & Letters", "Math", and "Sudoku". The "Arts & Letters" and "Math" versions were originally released on December 24, 2008 in Japan as launch titles for the DSiWare service, and the Sudoku edition on April 22, 2009 in Japan as well. The "Math" edition is the only version currently available outside of Japan, and was released on April 5, 2009 in North America and June 19, 2009 in the PAL regions, as a launch title for the service. However, the "Arts & Letters" edition was released on August 10, 2009 in North America and October 23, 2009 in the PAL regions. The puzzles featured in both the Literature and Science editions were created by Ryuta Kawashima. One puzzle in each of these two editions utilizes the Nintendo DSi's camera function, while both versions allow players to use a photo for their in-game profile.
Gameplay.
" and "". They use similar gameplay concepts to these titles; they both require the player to hold the DS on its side with the top screen on left and the touch screen on right (reverse in lefty mode). Like their predecessors, both versions feature modes called "Brain Age Check" and "Training". In Brain Age Check, where the game uses several training puzzles to test his or her brain age, with the ideal brain age for people 20 or over. Using the DSi's internal clock, both versions allow for only one official Brain Age Check per day. In Training, the player may freely play any game that is available, and is able to compare how well they did with previous days. Each title comes with three new training puzzles, as well as several puzzles taken from the previous "Brain Age" titles. Both editions include Virus Buster, also known as Germ Buster, a non-training puzzle based on the "Dr. Mario" series.
The Literature edition (Arts & Letters outside of Japan) features word and memory puzzles. One new puzzle is called Photo Memory, a memory puzzle, where the game will take a picture from either the game itself or from the player's DSi, show it to the player, and then have the player pick between it and other randomly selected images from the player's folder while showing another image to memorize, and so on. For Brain Age Check, it uses Stroop Test, Connect Maze, Rock, Paper, Scissors, Word Memory, and Symbol Match. The Training mode features Reading Aloud, Piano Player, and others.
The Science edition (Math outside of Japan) deals with numbers and math puzzles. The new puzzle included in this edition are Sum Totaled, By the Numbers, and Multitasker. The Brain Age Check includes High Number, Speed Counting, Serial Subtraction, Math Recall, and Number Memory. The Training puzzles include Calculations X20, Calculations X100, Triangle Math, and Change Maker.
Development.
The two "Brain Age Express" titles were announced on October 2, 2008 at the reveal of the Nintendo DSi and its DSiWare service and were released on December 24, 2008. The titles were created to be played anywhere at anytime. Nintendo chose the most popular puzzles from ' and ' to include in the two versions. At the launch of Nintendo DSi in the US, Brain Age Express: Math was released at the DSiWare launch while the Sudoku edition is available in Japan on April 22, 2009. This edition along the Literature edition was later released.
The idea for "Brain Age Express" came from the Download Software Subcommittee meeting back when Nintendo was developing the Nintendo DSi as a console. During the subcommittee, members from a variety of teams came together to come up with small titles that could be downloaded from the Internet as part of a "My DS" brand. The meetings' progress was considerably slow, due to the nature of the Nintendo DSi being undetermined at that point. Several rough ideas were presented, but none stood out, and as a result, possible projects piled up, creating a bad situation. The problem was that none of the ideas were bad, and while they were fun to talk about, some were not very realistic. The "Express" series, known in PAL regions as the "A Little Bit of..." series and in Japan as the "Chotto" series, was proposed, but was unnoticed amongst other proposals. The name was conceived by Satoru Iwata, CEO of Nintendo, jokingly using the name "Chotto! Generations". He stated that while some may find a video game fun, they may also worry that it would be too time consuming. The series was modelled after the nature of the "Brain Age" series, which allows for short play times.
Due to complications between Shigeru Miyamoto, a key developer of Nintendo, and Iwata, the developers were having a difficult time getting started with "Brain Age Express". In the end, it was decided that "Chotto" could mean a variety of things, which worked out well for everyone. Koichi Kawamoto, lead developer of "Brain Age Express", stated that while the retail "Brain Age" games, after players collected a stamp for playing through a certain puzzle, they were returned to the stamp calendar. In this version, after collecting the stamp, the players are given the option of either returning to the main menu or to the DSi's menu. The developers wondered how much content could be included for this game to still be considered a "Chotto" title, as no particular size, standard, or guidelines had been set. When deciding what games to be included, Kawamoto wavered between simply selecting games from previous "Brain Age" titles or making new ones.
When he was asked whether the number of games was enough, he responded by asking if they should push some new games in the fore, which he thought would be more fun for players. However, as they added, they added so many games that it was bigger than "Brain Age 2". However, he couldn't remove any of the games, having taken a liking to them, thinking that plenty of variety was good. Shinya Takahashi, the coordinator of the DSiWare service, suggested splitting the title into two titles, which Kawamoto thought would be hard, but could be done. He suggested two versions - Math version and Arts and Letters version. Kawamoto flew to Sendai, Japan to ask Dr. Ryuta Kawashima, the inspiration for the "Brain Age" series, to ask if this would be all right. Kawashima gave him his assent, stating that a difference between players' brain ages may arise, and would help them determine whether they are more math- or art-oriented.
The development staff had to consider what to carry over from the previous two "Brain Age" titles to the "Brain Age Express" titles. The "Brain Age Express" titles were a part of the "My DS" theme, which allows players to customize their Nintendo DSis, resulting in people naturally thinking that there would be only one save slot. They did not want to remove the element of communication, so they included the Guest mode. Normally, guests' data is not saved, but in the "Brain Age Express" titles, certain guest data, including their brain ages drawings, photos, and voices.
A photo comparison game in the "Arts and Letters" version was described as simple yet difficult by Takahashi and Kawamoto. Two other games include Kanji Shooter and Sum Totaled, which belong to the "Arts and Letters" and "Math" versions respectively, involve defeating enemies by writing either kanji or numbers. These are alternate modes to games which are simply kanji- and number-based. They were included due to Kawamoto's love of video games, describing them both as having a "retro games" feel. When the player reaches a brain age of 20 in the "Brain Age Express" titles, it unlocks a challenge mode. This was in response to Kawashima's disappointment over people quitting once they reach 20 to keep people interested. Kawamoto considers these titles downloadable versions of the previous "Brain Age" titles rather than a sequel to them.
Reception.
In their impressions of the Japanese release of the two original titles in the "Brain Age Express" series, IGN described the two titles as perfect showpieces for the DSiWare service, due to the eliminating cartridge swapping. Of what they've played, Nintendo has given it the polish that titles in a series that's sold more than ten million copies should, also complimenting them for feeling like full games despite the limited content. IGN editor Craig Harris gave the "Math" edition a 7.9 out of 10, praising it for feeling like almost as full of a game as the retail releases, comparing its $8.00 price tag to the retail games' $19.99 price tag. However, they found fault in the usage of many puzzles from the retail titles.

</doc>
<doc id="20722483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722483" title="Periyar (film)">
Periyar (film)

Periyar () is a 2007 Tamil biographical film, made about the life of the social reformer and rationalist Periyar E. V. Ramasamy with Sathyaraj who himself is a rationalist in the lead role. It currently has no reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.
Plot.
The film details the life of Periyar right from a childhood to his marriage to Nagammal to his pilgrimage to Kashi which changed his life where he understands the cruelty of the Hindu Caste System that only Brahmins are welcomed and he was refused meals at choultries which exclusively fed Brahmins forbidding other Hindu castes. Having starved severely, Periyar found no other better way than to enter a choultry disguises himself with the appearance of a Brahmin wearing a thread on his bare chest but it is found out and is disgusted with life in Kashi. Periyar returns and joins his father's business and later becomes the Chairman of the Erode Municipality. Later, which he resigns from this post and joins the freedom struggle. He becomes the President of Congress party of Madras Presidency. Later he quits the Congress party and joins the Justice Party. He goes on to format the DK. His role in the Anti-Hindi agitation and Vaikom struggle. His second marriage and the formation of the DMK. It covers his entire life till death.
Music.
The music for the film has been scored by Vidyasagar

</doc>
<doc id="20722494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722494" title="Pinyon Mountains">
Pinyon Mountains

The Pinyon Mountains are a mountain range in eastern San Diego County, Southern California. The range is protected within Anza Borrego Desert State Park.
The Pinyon Mountains are in the ecotone of the Colorado Desert ecoregion (from east) and of the California montane chaparral and woodlands ecoregion (from west). They are in the rain shadow of the taller Peninsular Ranges.

</doc>
<doc id="20722495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722495" title="Max Unger">
Max Unger

Maxwell McCandless Unger (born April 14, 1986) is an American football center for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Oregon, and was chosen by the Seahawks in the second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He was the starting center for the Seahawks in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Early years.
Unger was born in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii. He attended Hawaii Preparatory Academy in Kamuela, Hawaii, where he was a 2002 second-team all-state offensive honoree.
Regarded as a three-star recruit by Rivals.com, Unger was listed as the No. 45 offensive guard. He chose Oregon over Oregon State.
College career.
In his time playing for the Ducks, Unger was twice named to the all-Pac-10 first team, while also being named to the second team all-Pac-10 and honorable mention. Unger started on the offensive line all four years for the Ducks.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Projected to be second round selection, Unger was listed as the No. 1 offensive guard available in the 2009 NFL Draft. He was described as "not a great prospect," yet having "starting potential on the NFL level for years to come." Unger was drafted by the Seahawks in the second round. He was the highest selected Oregon Ducks offensive lineman since Tom Drougas in 1972.
Seattle Seahawks.
Unger signed a 4-year contract worth over 3 million dollars on July 29, 2009. After a pre-season effort in which Head Coach Jim Mora said "We believe he is ready to start and be a productive player in this league immediately," Unger was named starting right guard over Mansfield Wrotto.
In 2012, Unger signed a four-year extension worth a maximum of $24 Million making him one of the top 5 paid centers in the NFL. He is one of only four members to remain on the Seahawks from before John Schneider's arrival in Seattle in January 2010, along with Brandon Mebane, Jon Ryan and Red Bryant. Unger won his first Super Bowl title with the Seahawks in Super Bowl XLVIII, beating the Denver Broncos by a score of 43-8.

</doc>
<doc id="20722497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722497" title="Mtsn tuban">
Mtsn tuban

MTsN Tuban (Madrasah Tsanawiyah Tuban) is a secondary grade level of madrasah school located at Tuban, East Java, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20722499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722499" title="Pleito Hills">
Pleito Hills

The Pleito Hills are a mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, in southwestern Kern County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722506" title="Point of Rocks (California)">
Point of Rocks (California)

Point of Rocks is a mountain range in San Bernardino County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722530" title="Poverty Hills">
Poverty Hills

The Poverty Hills are a mountain range in northwestern Inyo County of eastern California, northwest of Bishop and the upper Owens Valley.
They are east of and below the Sierra Nevada, in the Round Valley area, and just west of Tinemaha Reservoir and the Owens River.

</doc>
<doc id="20722569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722569" title="James M. Fail">
James M. Fail

James M. Fail (March 28, 1926February 26, 2010) was an American financial executive, the chairman of Stone Holdings, Inc. and Bluebonnet Savings Bank. A native of Mobile, Alabama, he attended Murphy High School
and served for three years in the U.S. Navy.
After graduating from the University of Alabama (where he was a brother of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity, Beta chapter) in 1949, he began his career as a securities salesman for Merrill Lynch. In the following decades, Fail and his holding companies have owned and operated a variety of investment, mortgage, banking, savings and loan, and insurance businesses throughout the U.S.
Fail was thrust into public attention
in 1990, when the Senate Judiciary Antitrust Subcommitee held hearings scrutinizing his business activities, in particular his acquisition of a federally funded thrift despite a prior indictment for fraud and the criminal conviction of his company.
More recently, he has been noted for a variety of philanthropic and community leadership efforts.
Business history.
Fail became Vice President of Commercial Mortgage Company in 1961 and President of Gulf South Mortgage and Investment Company in 1964. He founded Lifeshares Group, an insurance holding company, in 1970. From 1987 to 1997 he was owner and chairman of The Oklahoma Bank.
Fail was indicted for securities fraud in Alabama in 1976. As a result of a plea bargain, the charges against him personally were dropped; he pled guilty on behalf of his already-bankrupt company, and he was barred from doing any further business in Alabama. This incident would later provide the basis for further fraud charges against Fail brought by the FDIC.
In 1988, during the savings and loan crisis, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board approved the Southwest Plan, a program to provide government assistance to induce private capital investors to bail out failed savings and loans in the southwestern United States. While owner of CFSB Corporation, now known as Stone Capital, Inc., Fail acquired one such package of 15 insolvent thrifts, the Pard/Rose package. These were merged into a single thrift and renamed Bluebonnet. As a result of regulatory changes in 1989, Fail has been pursuing a "Winstar" suit against the federal government for an amount on the order of $100 million, which was still running as of 2006.
In order to buy Bluebonnet, in September 1988 Fail borrowed $34 million from Mutual Security Life Insurance Co., a Fort Wayne, Indiana company he had bought the previous year while it was struggling with debt. Mutual Security became insolvent in August 1990 and moved its headquarters to Lincoln, Nebraska and Dallas, Texas; its Indiana business was seized by state regulators, prompting "BusinessWeek" to describe 130,000 policyholders as "in limbo". Also in 1990, another of Fail's insurance companies, Farm and Home Life Insurance, failed and was placed in receivership by the Arizona Department of Insurance. In March 1992, Arizona sued Fail and his deputies for civil racketeering fraud in an amount in excess of the company's $101 million insolvency, alleging that "Mr. Fail and others were engaged in an elaborate scheme to drain millions of dollars out of the company...", resulting in its failure. The case was settled for $78.8 million.
The Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights investigated the Bluebonnet deal in 1990 to determine, among other questions, why Fail's bid succeeded despite the 1976 fraud conviction of his company, which should have been a "presumptive disqualifier" per FHLBB regulations. Initially most of the criticism came from chairman Howard Metzenbaum, who described the deal as "an abomination, the worst case we have found" among the savings and loan bailouts.
When Fail admitted to incorrect disclosures of his legal history, Senators Arlen Specter and Orrin Hatch also voiced their concerns. Author Marin Lowy, in his 1991 analysis of the situation, describes the hearings as exaggerated and "political hay". At the same time, Lowy expresses doubt towards Fails' "business morals" and trustworthiness with federal aid, concluding that thanks to the public scrutiny, "there's little likelihood that Mr. Fail can or will loot Bluebonnet", and in this sense the public good had ultimately been served.
Bluebonnet maintained a profitable banking profile through 2003, when it opted to liquidate its assets.
Philanthropy and community involvement.
Fail has served as a Director of the Beneficial Mortgage Company, a member of the Economic Club of New York and a founder of its Centennial Society, and a Director of the Phoenix Symphony. In 1997 he established The Patsy and Jim Fail Scholarship at Birmingham-Southern College for "any worthy and deserving student". In 2007 Fail donated $200,000 to the Mobile Symphony, endowing its principal cello chair in memory of his wife.
Fail has repeatedly given to the Crimson Tide Foundation, the non-profit arm of the University of Alabama's athletic department. The department's media suite is named for Fail's father-in-law, Naylor Stone. In 2008, the visitor's locker room at Bryant-Denny Stadium was officially named "The Fail Room". Fail commented, "Earlier this year, when I saw the visitors' locker room as a potential naming right, I figured it was the most appropriate opportunity I would ever have to use my name."
Other donation recipients include the UAB School of Medicine,
St. Paul's Academy,
the Metropolitan Museum of Art,
the University of Alabama Collegiate Fund,
the Alabama Symphony,
and Kappa Sigma Beta.

</doc>
<doc id="20722571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722571" title="The Clinton Journal">
The Clinton Journal

The Clinton Journal is a twice-weekly newspaper that caters to readers in the town of Clinton, Illinois and its surrounding areas. Originally known as the "Daily Public", the Journal has been the major newspaper in Clinton since the mid-19th century. Its offices are now located at 111 S. Monroe Street, right off the downtown square.
The Journal is a part of News Media Corporation, a group that owns several newspapers in Illinois, West Virginia and Oregon. In addition to the Journal, the Rochelle News Leader, "The Ogle County LIFE" and "The Mendota Reporter" are Illinois newspapers that are owned by NewsMedia Corporation.
The Journal is published twice a week, each Tuesday and Friday. In addition, a Saturday Advertiser is published. Special "tab" sections of the Journal are published throughout the year. They include a pamphlet on the famous Apple and Pork Festival, a Clinton traveler for each season, and a Sports Preview section prior to the fall, winter and spring sports seasons.
Competitors include the "DeWitt County Constitution", "The Pantagraph", the "Farmer City Journal" and the "Herald & Review".

</doc>
<doc id="20722598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722598" title="Pyramid Hills">
Pyramid Hills

The Pyramid Hills are a mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in western Kings County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722620" title="Rawson Mountains (California)">
Rawson Mountains (California)

The Rawson Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California. The Rawson Mountains are located south of the Diamond Valley Lake, southeast of Domenigoni Valley, east of French Valley, west of Goodhart Canyon and north of Bachelor Mountain, Auld Valley (above Lake Skinner) and Black Mountain. The Rawson Mountains are composed primaily of metamorphic rock of the Triassic - Jurassic French Valley formation, formed as a roof pendant of the Peninsular Range Batholith. The extreme western end of the range and various intrusions within it are Cretaceous granitic rock. 
Crown Valley in the midst of the range is drained to the south by Rawson Canyon Creek into Tucalota Creek before it enters Lake Skinner. Its western and northern slopes drain into Warm Springs Creek watershed of the Santa Margarita River, or the reservoir. To the northeast the drainage is into the eastern Diamond Valley and the San Jacinto River. 

</doc>
<doc id="20722624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722624" title="Tetsuya Totsuka">
Tetsuya Totsuka


</doc>
<doc id="20722627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722627" title="Red Hills (San Luis Obispo County)">
Red Hills (San Luis Obispo County)

The Red Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges, in eastern San Luis Obispo County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722636" title="Red Hills (Tuolumne County)">
Red Hills (Tuolumne County)

The Red Hills are a mountain range in Tuolumne County, California.
Elevations within the Red Hills vary between 750 and 1,750 feet above sea level. Slopes of the hills themselves vary from about 30% to 75%.
Red Hills Area of Critical Environmental Concern.
The Red Hills contain the The Red Hills of Tuolumne County Area of Critical Environmental Concern (ACEC), managed by the Bureau of Land Management as an Area of Critical Environmental Concern. The Red Hills Management Area consists of 7,100 acres (slightly more than 11 square miles) of public land located near the intersection of California State Route 49 and California State Route 120, just south of the historic town of Chinese Camp, California in Tuolumne County.
The entire Red Hills Management Area has been designated as an ACEC. The purpose of the designation is to protect the rare plant species found there, the unusual serpentine soils that provide habitat for unique flora of the area, habitat for the rare minnow known as the Red Hills roach and to protect bald eagle wintering habitat.
Geology.
The Red Hills Management Area is located within the western tectonic block of the Sierra Nevada metamorphic belt. Within this block are Upper Jurassic volcanic and sedimentary rocks of island arc derivation which were highly deformed and weakly metamorphosed during the Nevada orogeny. These rocks were then intruded by plutons associated with the emplacement of the Sierra Nevada batholith, east of the metamorphic belt.
The Management Area includes much of the Tuolumne ultramafic complex, one of the largest exposures of serpentine rocks in the Sierra Nevada metamorphic belt. Nearly the entire area is underlain by dunite, a variety of peridotite consisting of dark green olivine and minor chromite, which has been partly or entirely serpentinized to antigorite magnesite-magnetite. The dunite intruded into andesite pillow breccias and flows of the Peñon Blanco volcanic formation, which crops out near the northeast and southern boundaries of the Management Area. The intrusion of ultramafic material occurred along crustal weaknesses associated with the Bear Mountain fault, a northwestward trending thrust fault that dips steeply to the northeast, and has over 10,000 feet of vertical displacement. The fault zone is on the southwestern boundary of the Management Area, and is believed to have once penetrated the earth's crust down to the mantle, a probable source of the peridotite.
Other geologic features of the area include northeastward trending dikes that consists of massive, dark brown, hornblende-plagioclase diorite which intruded into the dunite bedrock. A swarm of several dikes occurs in the southeast portion of the Management Area. Some of the dikes exceed one mile in length. Amphibolite and chert tectonic blocks also occur in the dunite near the area's southern and western boundaries.
Tertiary and Pleistocene alluvium consisting of sand, gravel, pebbles, and cobbles has accumulated in Six Bit and Poor Man's Gulches in the northern and eastern portions of the Management Area.
Flora.
The Red Hills are vegetated mostly by a foothill pine-buckbrush chaparral/woodland. Virtually the only tree species in the Red Hills is Foothill pine ("Pinus sabiniana"), which is found throughout the Red Hills in low densities. Buckbrush ("Ceanothus cuneatus") comprises a majority of the shrub cover. Other shrubs include Toyon ("Heteromeles arbutifolia"), Coffee berry ("Rhamnus californica tomentella"), Chamise ("Adenostoma fasciculatum"), Hollyleaf redberry ("Rhamnus crocea ilicifolia"), California yerba santa ("Eriodictyon californicum"), and Manzanitas (Arctostaphylos spp.).
Native perennials constitute a large percentage of the grass cover in the Red Hills. This is in contrast to similar elevations in the foothills, without serpentine substrates, where native perennials have been mostly replaced by exotic annuals. Important native perennial species include California oniongrass (Melica californica), Big squirreltail grass ("Sitanion jubatum") and Pine bluegrass ("Poa secunda"). Disturbed areas, including burned areas, have a typical array of Mediterranean annual grasses.
Herbaceous plants provide a spectacular wildflower bloom in the spring that attracts tourists, amateur naturalists, and classes from educational institutions. Although most of the species comprising the display are widespread on and off serpentine, some (in addition to the rare species discussed below) are strict serpentine endemics (e.g., "Streptanthus polygaloides").
Sensitive plants.
Sensitive plants: Five plants which occur on the public lands of the Red Hills are considered sensitive species by BLM due to their rarity. Two of the plants have been proposed for listing under the Endangered Species Act indicating that the United States Fish and Wildlife Service feels it has accumulated sufficient evidence to list these species. These plants are the California verbena ("Verbena californica"), Rawhide Hill onion ("Allium tuolumnense"). A third plant species, Layne's butterweed ("Senecio layneae"), has already been listed as a threatened species.
Two plants that had been designated as federal candidate category 2 species were eliminated from the list of candidate species when the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service changed its rules for the inclusion of species as candidates in 1996. Congdon's lomatium ("Lomatium congdonii") and the Red Hills soaproot ("Chlorogalum grandiflorum") are locally common throughout the Red Hills favoring north slopes and ridgetops respectively. Congdon's lomatium is only known from the Red Hills and the Peoria Valley area. Red Hills soaproot is also found in El Dorado County, California on serpentine and gabbro.
An additional species proposed for federal listing occurs on private lands just west of Chinese Camp and within a mile of the public land. Chinese Camp brodiaea ("Brodiaea pallida") grows near a low gradient drainage in soils that remain wet late into the growing season. This species has not been located on the public lands of the Red Hills.
Another plant, Hoover's butterweed ("Senecio clevelandii var. heterophyllus") has been included on the California Native Plant Society's Watch List. It grows with the California verbena in riparian zones. It may be recognized as a separate taxon that is endemic to the Red Hills, or it may be included as a single taxon with plants found in the Coast Ranges.
Fauna.
In the Red Hills buckbrush and other shrubs provide browse and seeds for small populations of mammals, including mule deer, jackrabbits, rodents. Coyotes, bobcats and fox can also be found in the Red Hills.
88 bird species have been observed in the Red Hills. Some common species include mourning dove, acorn woodpecker, ash-throated flycatcher, scrub jay, wrentit, plain titmouse, bushtit, Bewick's wren, and house finch. Valley quail and mourning doves are the major game birds in the Red Hills. An abundant insect population supports insectivorous birds including western kingbirds, ash- throated flycatcher, tree swallows, barn swallows, black phoebes, and others. Raptors include the red-tailed hawk, Cooper's hawk, prairie falcon, and great horned owl. Fish-eating birds seen in the Red Hills include the belted kingfisher and great blue heron. Roadrunners can also be found.
Reptiles and amphibians are rarely observed in the Red Hills but interestingly two rare species are represented (see below).
Fish in the Red Hills, found in Six Bit Gulch and Poor Man's Creek, include the green sunfish, large-mouth bass, Sacramento sucker, and the mosquito fish. These fish are predators or competitors with the Red Hills roach, a rare taxon of Minnow (discussed below). The presence of these mostly introduced species may limit the roach population.
Rare fauna: Four sensitive species of animals are known from the Red Hills. Wintering bald eagles roost along the shores of Don Pedro Reservoir and have been observed where Six Bit Gulch enters the lake. As many as 20 bald eagles have been sighted during the winter on the shores of Don Pedro Reservoir, roosting in stands of foothill pines.
Although the Red Hills has no perennial streams, it has a number of intermittent streams that have spring fed reaches and pools. Two sensitive riparian animal species are associated with these areas, Hesperoleucus symmetricus (California roach, a minnow; the distinctive Red Hills population has been called the Red Hills roach) and Rana boylii (foothill yellow legged frog).
The Red Hills roach is found in abundance in several pools of permanent water located along the intermittent streams which drain into Six Bit Gulch and Poor Man,s Gulch. It is thought that the permanent pools are spring-fed. During the dry part of the year the fish are confined to these permanent pools surviving in warm shallow water until spring when they move upstream to spawn. A recent study by ichthyologists at the University of California, Davis, and the California Department of Fish and Game has indicated that the Red Hills variety of California roach has unique morphologic characteristics, which make them noticeably different from other roach populations, notably a chisel lip. The chisel lip is used to scrape algae, a major food source, off submerged rocks.
The foothill yellow-legged frog has been found in the western portion of the Red Hills in the Andrews Creek drainage. The western pond turtle has been found in the eastern portion of the Red Hills in Poor Man's Gulch. Both are rare species, formerly candidates for federal listing.
Gold.
Placer gold occurs in stream channel deposits within the natural area, primarily Six Bit Gulch and Poor Man's Gulch, mostly washed in from the north..
The placer gold produced from this district was recovered by ground sluicing and hydraulic mining in earlier years, and by dragline dredging in the 1930s and 1940s. In the 1850s, during the great California Gold Rush, Chinese laborers, with their legendary patience and thoroughness, mined much of the placer gold within Six Bit Gulch, a major drainage channel that courses through the natural area. The dredging of Six Bit Gulch and Poor Man's Gulch produced over $100,000 worth of gold.

</doc>
<doc id="20722643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722643" title="Chirayinkeezhu">
Chirayinkeezhu

This is the birthplace of the Malayalam actors Shri. Prem Nazir and Bharath Gopi.
Places.
The Sarkara Devi Temple is situated at Chirayinkeezhu (Chirayinkil). The temple is famous for the kaliyoot festival on the Malayalam month of kumbham (March) and Meena bharani festival celebrated for 10 days on the malayalam month of meenam(March/April).
The famous "Anjengo fort"(Anchutengu kotta) is on the way from Chirayinkil to Varkala via Kadakkavoor.
Transport.
Chirayinkeezhu is located 28 km north of state capital city of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala.
Nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram International Airport. Chirayinkeezhu Railway Station is the nearest Railway station. It is 28 km from Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway Station and 37 km away from Kollam junction railway station. Buses are available for Attingal and Thiruvananthapuram.
There are regular private bus services from/to nearby places Attingal,Kadakkavur,Varkala in good frequency.The famous "Anjengo Fort" is en route Varkala from Chirayinkil.KSRTC(Kerala Road Transport Corporation) operates daily bus services from Thiruvananthapuram,Perumathura,Pothencode etc.
6 express trains and all passenger trains passing through have stops in Chirayinkil railway station.It is on the Thriuvananthapuram-Kollam rail route. Malabar Express, Guruvayoor-Chennai Egmore Express, Vanchinad Express, Venad Express and Thiruvananthapuram-Kannur Express pass through this station. Traveling south, Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway Station is the nearest major railhead. To the north, Kollam Junction Railway Station is the nearest main station. 

</doc>
<doc id="20722644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722644" title="Genopolitics">
Genopolitics

Genopolitics is the study of the genetic basis of political behavior and attitudes. It combines behavior genetics, psychology, and political science and it is closely related to the emerging fields of neuropolitics (the study of the neural basis of political behavior and attitudes) and political physiology (the study of biophysical correlates of political attitudes and behavior).
"The Chronicle of Higher Education" recently described the growth of genopolitics as a field of study and "New York Times Magazine" included genopolitics in its "Eighth Annual Year in Ideas," noting that the term was originally coined by James Fowler.
Twin studies of political attitudes.
Psychologists and behavior geneticists began using twin studies in the 1980s to study variation in social attitudes, and these studies suggested that both genes and environment played a role. In particular, Nick Martin and his colleagues published an influential twin study of social attitudes in "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" in 1986.
However, this early work did not specifically analyze whether or not political orientations were heritable, and political scientists remained mostly unaware of the heritability of social attitudes until 2005. In that year, the "American Political Science Review" published a reanalysis of political questions on Martin's social attitude survey of twins in that the suggested liberal and conservative ideology is heritable. The article sparked considerable debate between critics, the authors and their defenders.
Twin studies of political behavior.
The initial twin studies suggested political ideas are heritable, but they said little about political behavior. A 2008 article published in the "American Political Science Review" matched publicly available voter registration records to a twin registry in Los Angeles, analyzed self-reported voter turnout in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health (Add Health), and studied other forms of political participation. In all three cases, both genes and environment contributed significantly to variation in political behavior.
Additional studies showed that genes did not play a direct role in the choice of a political party, supporting a core finding in the study of American politics that the choice to be a Democrat or a Republican is largely shaped by parental socialization. However, other studies showed that the decision to affiliate with any political party and the strength of this attachment are significantly influenced by genes.
Gene association studies.
Candidate genes.
Scholars therefore recently turned their attention to specific genes that might be associated with political behaviors and attitudes. In the first-ever research to link specific genes to political phenotypes, a direct association was established between voter turnout and monoamine oxidase A (MAO-A) and a gene–environment interaction between turnout and the serotonin transporter (5HTT) gene among those who frequently participated in religious activities. In other research scholars have also found an association between voter turnout and a dopamine receptor (DRD2) gene that is mediated by a significant association between that gene and the tendency to affiliate with a political party. More recent studies show an interaction between friendships and the dopamine receptor (DRD4) gene that is associated with political ideology. Although this work is preliminary and needs replication, it suggests that neurotransmitter function has an important effect on political behavior.
The candidate genes approach to genopolitics received substantial criticism in a 2012 article, published in the "American Political Science Review", which argued that many of the candidate genes identified in the above research are associated with innumerable traits and behaviors. The degree to which these genes are associated with so many outcomes thus undermines the apparent important of evidence linking a gene to any particular outcome.
Linkage analysis.
Employing a more general approach, researchers used genome-wide linkage analysis to identify chromosomal regions associated with political attitudes assessed using scores on a liberalism-conservativism scale. Their analysis identified several significant linkage peaks and the associated chromosomal regions implicate a possible role for NMDA and glutamate related receptors in forming political attitudes. However, this role is speculative as linkage analysis cannot identify the effect of individual genes.

</doc>
<doc id="20722690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722690" title="Kennaugh">
Kennaugh

Kennaugh is a surname of Manx origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20722700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722700" title="Kokra (settlement)">
Kokra (settlement)

Kokra (; ) is a settlement scattered along a 10 km stretch of the road from Kranj to Jezersko Peak in the Kokra Valley in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to the Virgin Mary and was completed in 1797 and dedicated in 1802.
There is also a monument to the local victims of the Second World War in the settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="20722712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722712" title="Everette Brown">
Everette Brown

Everette Brown (born August 7, 1987) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He was drafted by the Carolina Panthers in second round of the 2009 NFL Draft. He played college football at Florida State.
Brown has also been a member of the San Diego Chargers, Detroit Lions, Philadelphia Eagles, and Dallas Cowboys.
Early years.
Brown graduated from Beddingfield High School in 2005. He recorded 120 tackles with 16 sacks as a senior. Brown also caught 40 passes for 770 yards and 10 touchdowns as a tight end. He played in the Shrine Bowl All-Star game.
Regarded as a four-star recruit by "Rivals.com", Brown was listed as the No. 3 weakside defensive end prospects in his class. Receiving numerous offers, he took official visits to Florida State, North Carolina, and Virginia Tech, before committing to the Seminoles.
College career.
Brown red-shirted in 2005. In 2006 Brown was a Freshman All-America and All-ACC Freshman team honoree by "The Sporting News". He played in all 13 games while starting three games. He finished eighth on the team and second among Seminole freshmen (behind Freshman All-American honoree Myron Rolle) in tackles with 27. He was second on the team in tackles for minus yardage with 13.5 and tied for third on the team with three quarterback sacks.
His sophomore season of 2007 he was a starter at the left defensive end position where he earned a career-high eight starting assignments for the season and he also recorded one start on the right side. He led the team in sacks, and led all defensive linemen in tackles and tackles for loss while totaling a single-season career-high 37 tackles, a single-season career-high 6.5 quarterback sacks and 11.5 tackles for minus yardage
In 2008 he was the Seminoles starter at the right defensive end position in each of the 13 games during the 2008 regular season. He earned All-America Second-team honors by Rivals.com, Associated Press, Scout.com and the Walter Camp Foundation. He was also the runner-up for ACC Player of the Year honors and the runner-up as the ACC Defensive Player of the Year. Brown was All-ACC First-team honors., a finalist for the Ted Hendricks Award. He finished the season third in the nation in sacks (13.5) and tied for fourth in the FBS in tackles for loss (21.5). He was the team leader as well as ACC leader with a career-high 21.5 tackles for loss and the team leader with a career-high 13.5 quarterback sacks. He finished second in school history with 46.5 tackles for loss. and ranks third all-time for a single-season with 13.5 quarterback sacks and fifth all-time with 23.0 career quarterback sacks. Finished season with 36 stops with a career-high 30 unassisted tackles and 36 total tackles. He completed his FSU with 100 career tackles in just three seasons.
Professional career.
2009 NFL Draft.
Having already received his college degree, Brown decided to forgo his final season of eligibility and enter the 2009 NFL Draft. Brown was considered “a perfect fit as a rush-linebacker in a 3-4 scheme” by "ESPN"′s Todd McShay. He was listed at by Florida State's media guide, but turned out to be just under at the NFL Combine.
Carolina Panthers.
Originally projected a first-round draft pick, Brown saw his draft stock falling because of questions about his size. He was picked 43rd overall in the second round by the Panthers, who traded their 2010 NFL Draft first-round pick to the San Francisco 49ers to get that pick.
With Julius Peppers still demanding a trade, Brown was shifted to the right side defensive end spot in June 2009. In his first NFL season, Brown recorded 22 total tackles (15 solo), 2.5 sacks and 2 forced fumbles.
On September 4, 2011, Brown was waived by Carolina after recording 6 sacks in two seasons.
San Diego Chargers.
Brown signed with the San Diego Chargers on November 1, 2011. He was released on March 13, 2012.
Detroit Lions.
Brown signed with the Detroit Lions on March 22, 2012.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Brown signed with the Philadelphia Eagles on January 2, 2013. He was released on August 30, 2013.
Dallas Cowboys.
Brown signed with the Dallas Cowboys on October 29, 2013. In his first game for the Cowboys five days later, he registered a sack on Minnesota Vikings's quarterback Christian Ponder in the Cowboys' 27-23 victory.
Brown was released by the Cowboys on February 28, 2014. 
Personal life.
Brown was born in Stantonsburg, North Carolina a small town with a current population of 706. During his time at Florida State he devoted much of his time volunteering at various schools and speaking at organized events such as campaign designed to warn kids about the ill effects of tobacco. He credits his parents with his character and work ethic that he learned growing up

</doc>
<doc id="20722742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722742" title="Pancratistatin">
Pancratistatin

Pancratistatin (PST) is a natural compound initially extracted from Spider Lily, a Hawaiian native plant, belonging to the family Amaryllidaceae (AMD). PST has shown some strong anti cancer activities by displaying potent toxicity against human tumor cells. Another distinct feature of PST as an anti cancer secondary metabolite is its ability in inducing apoptosis in cancer cells by targeting their mitochondria, while leaving the normal cells unaffected.
Occurrence.
Pancratistatin occurs naturally in Hawaiian Spider Lily, a flowering plant within the Amaryllidaceae family. Pancratistatin is mostly found in the bulb tissues of Spider Lilies. It has been shown that the enrichment of atmospheric CO2 can enhance the production of antiviral secondary metabolites, including Pancratistatin, in these plants. Pancratistatin can be isolated from the tropical bulbs of Hymenocallis littoralis in the order of 100 to 150 mg/kg when bulbs are obtained from the wild type in Hawaii. However, the compound has to be commercially extracted from field- and greenhouse-grown bulbs or from tissue cultures cultivated, for example, in Arizona, which generate lower levels of Pancratistatin (a maximum of 22 mg/kg) even in the peak month of October. After October, when the bulb becomes dormant, levels of Pancratistatin drop, down to only 4 mg/kg by May. Field-grown bulbs, which show monthly changes in Pancratistatin content, generate somewhat smaller amounts (2–5 mg/kg) compared to those grown in greenhouses cultivated over the same period. There are about 40 different Spider Lily species worldwide and they are mainly native to the Andes of South America.
Biological activity.
The medicinal and toxic properties of Amaryllidaceae family were first discovered by the Greeks. They used the oil from Narcissus species for the treatment of cancer. Consequently, efforts have been made to isolate the active ingredients responsible for this antitumor activity. Some 48 alkaloids bearing a variety of carbon skeletons have been isolated from Narcissus species. One group of these alkaloids does not contain basic nitrogen atoms and is represented by an isoquinolinone structure. The most widely known compounds of this group are narciclasine, lycoricidine and Pancratistatin (PST). The most frequently used term in the literature to describe this group of alkaloids is the isocarbostyrils. All these natural products have demonstrated potent in vitro cytotoxicity against cancer cell lines and potent in vivo antitumor activity. Therefore, this family as a whole is of interest as a potential source of new lead structures for the development of a future generation of anticancer drugs.
PST displays selective potent toxicity against human tumour cells by showing a strong tendency to attack the Mitochondria of the cancer cells while having no influence on normal cells. Studies have shown that Pancratistatin rapidly and efficiently induces apoptosis (programmed cell death) in various types of cancer cell lines, including breast, colon, prostate, neuroblastoma, melanoma and leukemia. Most importantly, when Pancratistatin was tested for toxicity on peripheral white blood cells from healthy volunteers, there was little or no demonstrable effect on their viability and nuclear morphology, indicating the relative specificity of this compound for cancer cells.
Some of the recent insights regarding the mode of action of PST include inhibition of the cell cycle from G0/G1 to S phase and powerful antiparasite activity. As mentioned previously, Pancratistatin, unlike other anticancer drugs, discerns between normal and cancerous cells. Pancratistatin does not cause DNA double-strand breaks or DNA damage prior to the execution phase of apoptosis in cancer cells. Parallel experimentation with VP-16, a currently used medication for cancer treatment, indicated that VP-16 causes substantial DNA damage in normal non-cancerous blood cells, while Pancratistatin does not cause any DNA double-strand breaks or DNA damage in non-cancerous cells. Pancratistatin induces apoptosis in cancer cells using non-genomic targets, and more importantly does not seem to have any effect on non-cancerous cells, presenting a significant platform to develop non-toxic anticancer therapies.
The capability of Pancratistatin to selectively induce apoptosis in cancer cells is an exciting finding and makes it a suitable anti-cancer agent. Since Pancratistatin shows little structural similarity to any DNA intercalating drug or to paclitaxel derivatives, it appears to be non-genotoxic. Also, Pancratistatin may act upon target while allowing selective induction of apoptosis in cancer cells. Recent studies have also shown that the bulbs of Pancratium contain a new phenanthridone biosynthetic product designated Pancratistatin that proved to be effective (38-106% life extension at 0.75-12.5 mg/kg dose levels) against the murine P-388 lymphocytic leukemia. Pancratistatin also markedly inhibited (ED50, 0.01 microgram/ml) growth of the P-388 in vitro cell line and in vivo murine M-5076 ovary sarcoma (53-84% life extension at 0.38-3.0 mg/kg).
Biosynthesis.
Although there may not be a precise elucidation of Pancratistatin biological synthesis, there have been speculations on biosynthesis of Narciclasine and Lycoricidine that are very similar to Pancratistatin in terms of structure. The biosynthesis is accomplished via synthesis from O-methylnorbelladine 4 by para-para phenol coupling to obtain vittatine 5 as an intermediate. Subsequent elimination of two carbon atoms and hydroxylations of compound 5 (vittatine) then leads to narciclasine.
Total synthesis.
The first total synthesis of racemic (+/-) Pancratistatin was proposed by Samuel Danishefsky and Joung Yon Lee, which involved a very complex and long (40 steps) total synthesis. According to both Danishefsky and Joung, there were several weak steps in this synthesis that gave rise to a disappointing low synthetic yield. Amongst the most challenging issues, the Moffatt transposition and theorthoamide problem, which required a blocking maneuver to regiospecifically distinguish the C, hydroxyl group for rearrangement were considered to be the severe cases. However, both Danishevsky and Yon Lee stated that their approach towards the PST total synthesis was not out of merit and believed that their work would interest other medicinal scientists to construct a much more practical and efficient way for PST total synthesis.
The work of Danishevsky and Joung provided the foundation for another total synthesis of PST, which was propounded by Li,M. in 2006. This method employed a more sophisticated approach, starting out with the pinitol 30 that its stereocenters are exactly the same as the ones in the C-ring of Pancratistatin. Protection of the diol functions of compound 30 gave compound 31. The free hydroxyl of this was subsequently substituted by an azide to give 32. After removal of the silyl function, a cyclic sulfate was installed to obtain product 33. The Staudinger reaction gave the free amine 34 from azide 33. The coupling reaction between 34 and 35 gave compound 36 with a moderate yield. Methocymethyl protection of both the amide and the free phenol gave compound 37. Treatment of this latter product with t-BuLi followed by addition of cerium chloride gave compound 38. Full deprotection of 38 by BBr3 and methanol afforded pancratistatin 3 in 12 steps from commercially available pinitol with an overall yield of 2.3% 20.
a: TIPDSCl2, imidazole, DMAP, DMF, 24%. b: DMP, p-TsOH, acetone, 81%. c: PPh3, DEAD, CH3SO3H, CH2Cl2, 0 °C to r.t. then NaN3, DMF, 60 °C, 72%. d: TBAF, THF, 0 °C to r.t., 100%. e: SOCl2, Et3N, CH2Cl2, 0 °C. f: NaIO4, RuCl3, aq CH3CN, 87% (more than two steps). g: PPh3, aq THF, 0 °C to r.t., 94%. h: Et2O, 35, 0 °C, 64%. i: K2CO3, MOMCl,DMF, 84%. j: t-BuLi, CeCl3, ultrasound, THF, −78 °C to r.t., 72%. k: BBr3, CH2Cl2, −78 °C to 0 °C, 1 hour then MeOH, −78 °C to 0 °C, 2 hours, 52%.
A very recent approach to a stereocontrolled Pancratistatin synthesis was accomplished by Sanghee Kim from the National University of Seoul, in which claisen rearrangement of dihydropyranethlyene and a cyclic sulfate elimination reaction were employed 21. This reaction has proven to be very highly efficient as it produced an 83% overall synthetis yield. (Proved by H and 13C NMR).
The B ring of the phenanthridone (three membered nitrogen hetrocyclic ring) is formed using the Bischler-Napieralski reaction. The n precursor 3 with its stereocenters in the C ring is stereoselectively synthesized from the cis-disubstituted cyclohexene 4. The presence of unsaturated carbonyl in compound 4 suggested the use of a Claisen rearrangement of 3,4-dihydro-2H-pyranylethylene.
The synthesis starts with the treatment of 6 with excess trimethyl phosphate. This reaction provides phosphate 7 in 97% yield. Using Honer-Wadsworth-Emmons reaction between 7 ands acrolein dimmer 8 in the presence of LHMDS in THF forms (E)-olefin 5 with very high stereoselectivity in 60% yield. Only less than 1% of (Z)-olefin was detected in the final product. The Claisen rearrangement of dihydropyranethylene forms the cis-distributed cyclohexene as a single isomer in 78% yield.
The next step of the synthesis involves the oxidation of aldehyde of compound 4 using NaClO2 to the corresponding carboxylic acid 9 in 90% yield. Iodolactonization of 9 and subsequent treatment with DBU in refluxing benzene gives rise to the bicyclic lacytone in 78% yield. Mthanolysis of lactone 10 with NaOMe forms a mixture of hydroxyl ester 11 and its C-4a epimer (Pancratistatin numbering). Saponification of the methyl ester 11 with LiOH was followed by a Curtius rearrangement of the resulting acid 12 with diphenylphosphoryl azide in refluxing toluene to afford isocyanate intermediate, which its treatment with NaOMe/MeOH forms the corresponding carbamate 13 in 82% yield.
The next steps of the synthesis involve the regioselevtive elimination of C-3 hydroxyl group and subsequent unsaturation achieved by cyclic sulfate elimination. Diol 16 needs to be treated with thionyl chloride and further oxidation with RuCl3 provides the cyclic sulfate 17 in 83% yield. Treatment of cyclic sulfate with DBU yields the desired allylic alcohol 18 (67% yield).
Reaction with OsO4 forms the single isomerlization 19 in 88% yield. Peracetylation of 19 (77% yield) accompanied by Banwell’s modified Bischler-Napieralski forms the compound 20 with a little amount of isomer 21 ( 7:1 regioselectivity). The removal of protecting groups with NaOMe/MeOH forms Pancratistatin in 83%.

</doc>
<doc id="20722750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722750" title="He Jie">
He Jie

He Jie ( also known as Angel He; born March 25, 1986 in Guizhou, China) is a mandopop singer in China. She came to prominence after placing 4th in the 2005 Super Girl competition.
Biography.
He Jie was born in Guizhou. Before taking part in the Super girl competition, she had some interest in music. That interest in music was shown when taking part in the competition, one of the most viewed musical shows in Mainland China. After placing the fourth place, she released "Luminary", her first major full album, which was launched under EE Media, one of the largest entertainment networks of that country.
One year later, she released "Clearly not an angel" a new album which was launched under Avex Taiwan. That second album enjoyed a considerable popularity. One of the singles of that album was a cover of "Boys", originally sung by Sabrina, and in a duet with Wei Chen.
After almost three years of inactivity, she started working again releasing a new album called "I want to go He Jie". For this new release, she returned to Mainland China and switched labels again, this time signed to "Huayi Media", a record label on the rise where she has been launching all her releases till today.
In 2011, she released her first EP, and one year later, she announced a new album called "Courageous love".

</doc>
<doc id="20722752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722752" title="Maryland Wildland">
Maryland Wildland

In 1971, the Maryland State Legislature passed the Wildlands Protection Act. Under this law, the legislature can protect certain publicly owned areas from logging or other incursions, and thus preserve them for future generations. To date, 29 Maryland Wildlands have been so designated.
The Maryland Wildlands Preservation System is the state's counterpart to the federal government's National Wilderness Preservation System, and consists of all those properties owned and managed by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources which are designated as State wildlands by the Maryland General Assembly. Each tract of land designated as a Maryland Wildland “overlaps” all or part of a state park, forest, wildlife management area or other DNR land unit (i.e., they are not "stand alone" units).
In all, there are now of Maryland Wildlands in the state.
List of Maryland Wildlands.
Garrett County:
Allegany County:
Washington County:
Frederick County:
Frederick and Montgomery Counties:
Baltimore County:
Howard and Montgomery Counties:
Prince George's County:
Calvert County:
St. Mary's County:
Charles County:
Caroline County:
Worcester County:
Somerset County:

</doc>
<doc id="20722770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722770" title="Riverside Mountains">
Riverside Mountains

The Riverside Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County, California. The town of Vidal, California is located in the West Riverside Mountains.
Geography.
The Riverside Mountains are in the Colorado Desert, in the Lower Colorado River Valley region. They are southeast of the Turtle Mountains and north of the Big Maria Mountains, and the Colorado River borders its eastern perimeter. The high point of the range is .
Riverside Mountains Wilderness Area.
The Riverside Mountains Wilderness Area is managed by the Bureau of Land Management. The Colorado River parallels this wilderness on its eastern edge.
The landscape varies from gently sloping bajadas to steep, rugged interiors. Washes emerging from canyons divide the bajadas below. Numerous peaks in the Riverside Mountains give this small range a rough, craggy appearance. Two sensitive plant species, the foxtail cactus and California barrel cactus; and a small herd of Burro deer ("Odocoileus hemionus eremicus") live in the Riverside range.
Geology.
Maria Fold and Thrust Belt.
The Riverside Mountains are one of several ranges that constitute the Maria Fold and Thrust Belt (MFTB). The Maria Fold and Thrust Belt underwent generally thick-skinned (involving basement rocks) North-South trending crustal shortening in the Cretaceous. The structures of the MFTB are exposed by to later generally East-West trending large-scale crustal extension in the Miocene, through what is known to geologists as the Colorado River Extensional Corridor. This North-South shortening is anomalous, as crustal shortening in the rest of the North American Cordillera is oriented generally East-West because of the generally East-West compression that was due to the subduction of the Farallon plate under western North America. Also unlike the rest of the North American Cordillera, deformation in the Maria Fold and Thrust Belt involved rocks of the North American Craton, most notably the Grand Canyon sequence of sedimentary rocks.
Rocks.
The Riverside Mountains contain rocks from both the lower and upper plates of a large detachment fault and metamorphic core complex system as a result of the Miocene-age extension. The lower plate consists of a stack of metamorphosed units, which comprise Jurassic metavolcanics, the metamorphosed Grand Canyon sequence, the metamorphosed McCoy Mountains Formation and related Mesozoic rocks, and the Precambrian basement. The upper plate of the detachment fault consists of a small sedimentary basin containing Tertiary-age syntectonic (deposited during tectonic activity) volcanic units, conglomerates, and other sedimentary rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="20722784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722784" title="Muhammad Jalaluddin Sayeed">
Muhammad Jalaluddin Sayeed

Captain Muhammad Jalaluddin Sayeed is the founding director of Neptune Orient Lines (NOL), a Singapore based shipping company. He has vast experience as a maritime sailor.
Biography.
Early life.
Sayeed was born in December 1920 in Hyderabad Deccan. His father Dr Lateef Sayeed was the secretary of the Indian National Congress of Hyderabad state, a journalist, and friend to Rabindranath Tagore, to the Nizam of Hyderabad, to Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and to Jawaharlal Nehru.
Professional career.
In 1939, Sayeed signed on "Jalapadma',' a converted cargo vessel, owned by the Scindia Steam Navigation Company. In 1947, Sayeed qualified as a Master in London. He returned to Bombay to help organize the Maritime Union of India. In 1952, went back to London to study for his Extra Master Mariner’s certificate. In 1953, after getting his certificate, he returned to the sea until 1956 when he came ashore to stay. He later joined Karachi's National Shipping Corporation as a marine superintendent in 1960, and worked his way up to become the commercial manager.
Building Singapore maritime industry.
In 1968, the Singapore government requested the government of Pakistan for an expert to advise them on the formation of a shipping company. Sayeed was chosen for this task by the Pakistan, which PNSC agreed as well. In Singapore, Sayeed formed Neptune Orient Lines (NOL) in 1969 and worked there until 1973. At the time of his departure, the then Prime Minister, Lee Kuan Yew, wrote him the following farewell letter.
“Thank you for your letter of September 7 telling me that you have decided to return to Pakistan. May I sincerely thank you for having helped NOL get on its feet. Your services were invaluable. Thank you for the kind and generous compliments you have paid to the people of Singapore, and for your good wishes to my wife, children and me. May I wish you an interesting and rewarding future as you move to new challenges. For a person of your years to find the time and interest in-between your duties to be able to write a note to me in Chinese demonstrates the triumph of an inquisitive mind and an indomitable spirit over hard challenges.”
During his career at NOL, Goh Chok Tong worked as a financial controller under him in NOL. After his death, Goh sent the following message to his wife Zareena
"Captain Sayeed laid the keel for NOL and built it up into a reputable international line for which Singapore will always be grateful. None of us had ever run a shipping line and Captain Sayeed was patient in teaching us the ropes..."
Legacy.
In 2006, NOL established Scholarship is in memory of the late Muhammad Jalaluddin Sayeed for Master of Science in Maritime Studies joinelty offeed at Nanyang Technological University and Norwegian School of Management.
In NOL's own word, It (the scholarship) recognises Sayeed's pioneering spirit and his contributions to NOL and the maritime industry in Singapore."
Personal life.
Jalaluddin married Zareena Sayeed, and have 4 daughters, Mahjabeen, Nazneen, Lubna and Fatima. He is also first cousin of Syed Mohammad Ahsan.

</doc>
<doc id="20722794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722794" title="Marfa After Dark">
Marfa After Dark

Marfa After Dark is a live album by Texas-based Folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen that was available for free download on his website. The album was recorded live at the Marfa Ballroom in Marfa, Texas in January 2008. The album is no longer available for download.

</doc>
<doc id="20722798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722798" title="Hiroshi Ochiai">
Hiroshi Ochiai

Hiroshi Ochiai (落合 弘, born February 28, 1946 in Urawa, Saitama, Japan) is a former Japanese football player.
Ochiai made 63 appearances for the Japan national football team from 1974 to 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20722802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722802" title="Caririemys">
Caririemys

Caririemys violetae is an extinct side-necked turtle belonging to the Pelomedusoides of the family Euraxemydidae. As with many described extinct taxa, it is the only known species in its genus Caririemys. A single fossil of an individual was found in the Santana Formation in Brazil, an 80-million year-old Cretaceous deposit that has so far preserved other fossil reptiles such as dinosaurs and crocodilians.
Because the few remains used to describe the species were incomplete, anatomical characteristics used to differentiate "Caririemys" from other extinct and extant pleurodirans are derived mostly from the arrangement of the bony plates that form its domed carapace.
The genus and species were first described in 2007, from the fragmentary remains of a single fossil specimen unearthed in Northeastern Brazil two years prior to the publication of the description. The Santana Formation of Brazil where the specimen was discovered is a treasure-trove of prehistoric turtle remains including the early sea turtle "Santanachelys". "Caririemys" was the fifth unique testudine genus to have been described from fossils found in the Romualdo Member section of the geologic formation. The lone specimen, officially labeled as MN6919-v now resides in the Museu Nacional da Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro.
The turtle skeleton found consisted of parts of the turtle’s carapace, a few vertebral elements and a matching femur and pelvis. Since most of the elements used to systematically classify a fossil turtle in the Pleurodira (such as the skull) were missing, the species’ affiliation was determined by the attachment of the specimen's pelvis to its carapace. Closer approximation and analysis of its carapace elements have shown that "Caririemys" is closely related to the turtle "Euraxemys essweini" from the same geographic locality and strata.
The genus was named for the city of Santana do Cariri where the fossil was unearthed. The species' specific name, "violetae", honors Violeta Arraes, a former dean at the nearby Universidade Regional do Cariri. Arraes was a prominent local political figure during the 20th century and became instrumental in the development of paleontological studies in the area when she was appointed dean of the Universidade Regional do Cariri in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20722803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722803" title="Rosamond Hills">
Rosamond Hills

The Rosamond Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in eastern Kern County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20722805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722805" title="United States presidential election in Louisiana, 2008">
United States presidential election in Louisiana, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Louisiana which took place on November 4, 2008 was part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose nine representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President.
Louisiana was won by Republican nominee John McCain by an 18.6% margin of victory. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state McCain would win, or otherwise considered as a safe "red state". Although Bill Clinton carried the state twice, it had been trending Republican in recent years. Despite having the second-highest percentage of African Americans in the country in 2000, demographics have changed as many black voters have fled the state since Hurricane Katrina. Louisiana is rapidly turning into a more reliable red state as solidified by the comfortable margin enjoyed by McCain in 2008.
Campaign.
Predictions.
There were 17 news organizations who made state by state predictions of the election. Here are their last predictions before election day:
Polling.
McCain won every pre-election poll. The final 3 polls averaged McCain leading 50% to 40%.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $2,175,416 in the state. Barack Obama raised $1,438,276.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $368,039. McCain and his interest groups spent $6,019. McCain visited the state once, in New Orleans.
Analysis.
Polling in Louisiana gave a strong lead to McCain, sometimes as high as 19%, and Barack Obama did not seriously contest the state. Governor Bobby Jindal endorsed McCain early on in the primary season. Louisiana was also one of only two states to list Ron Paul on their official ballot (the other being Montana which gave the largest percentage to any third party candidate nationwide). 
After Hurricane Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in August 2005, several Louisiana residents, many of whom were African Americans from New Orleans, left the state and have yet to return. In 2008, Louisiana was one of five states that swung even more Republican from 2004. John McCain carried Louisiana with 58.56% of the vote, a tad bit better than George W. Bush's 56.72% of the vote in 2004. 
At the same time, however, incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Mary Landrieu avoided the Republican trend in the state and held onto her U.S. Senate seat, taking in 52.11% of the vote to State Treasurer John N. Kennedy, a Democrat who switched parties to run against Landrieu. Republicans picked up two U.S. House seats in Louisiana (LA-02 and LA-06 with Joseph Cao and Bill Cassidy, respectively). In an extremely bad year for the Republican Party nationwide, Louisiana provided the GOP with a ray of hope and optimism.
Results breakdown.
By congressional district.
John McCain carried six of the state’s seven congressional districts. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Louisiana cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Louisiana is allocated 9 electors because it has 7 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 9 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded all 9 electoral votes. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the members of the Electoral College from the state. All 9 were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin:

</doc>
<doc id="20722810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722810" title="Rosecrans Hills">
Rosecrans Hills

The Rosecrans Hills are a low range of hills in the Transverse Ranges, in southern Los Angeles County, California.
The Rosecrans Hills run north-south around Western Avenue between Century and El Segundo.

</doc>
<doc id="20722812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722812" title="Santiago del Arrabal, Toledo">
Santiago del Arrabal, Toledo

Santiago del Arrabal is a church in Toledo, Spain, built in 1245-48, at the orders of Sancho II, on the site of an older church and a mosque that is known to been used since 1125. Many characteristics of the mosque have remained in the present building which is built in the Mudéjar architectural style. The church is named after Saint James (Santiago) of the outskirts (Arrabal). The patrons of the church during its foundation were members of the Diosdado family, knight commanders of the Order of Santiago.

</doc>
<doc id="20722821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722821" title="Batlló Majesty">
Batlló Majesty

The Batlló Majesty (, ) is a large 12th century Romanesque wooden crucifix, now in the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona. It is one of the most elaborate examples in Catalonia of an image of Christ on the Cross symbolizing his triumph over death.
History.
The Batlló Majesty is a 12th-century Romanesque polychrome wood carving now in the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya in Barcelona, Catalonia. The Batlló Majesty is one of the finest and best-preserved examples of these Catalan sculptures. Carved wooden images were a fundamental element in churches as objects of worship. One of the most elaborate types in Catalonia was the Christ in Majesty, images of Christ on the Cross that symbolize his triumph over death, of which the most outstanding is the Batlló Majesty. The frontal geometric composition of the tunic decorated in circles and floral motifs is reminiscent of the refined Byzantine and Hispano-Moorish fabrics held in such high esteem in the Christian West during this time. The great reference for this type was the Volto Santo in Lucca (Tuscany, Italy), which was regarded as having miraculous origins and was the object of pilgrimage and extraordinary devotion from the end of the eleventh century.
At the end of the 11th century wood sculpture flourished in Catalonia. Carvers used four main formats to represent the Crucifixion:
Wood carving workshops were still active in the 12th century in the western part of the region in the high valleys of the Pyrenees in Catalonia. There are over thirty examples of these large crucifixes, called "majestats". The Batlló Majesty has been linked to the region of Olot near Girona. As with much medieval art, its creator is unknown, although a medieval legend credits Nicodemus with producing the sculpture soon after the actual Crucifixion, a pious tradition repeated elsewhere in Europe in connection with similar monumental crosses, like the better known Volto Santo in the church of San Martino, Lucca, to which they bear a notable similarity in appearance and date, these Catalan crucifixes were believed to have miraculous powers.
A large number of majestats still exist from the Catalan provinces of Girona, Barcelona and Lleida, and the French province of Roussillon, such that some scholars believe these are monumental crosses once hung in almost every Romanesque church built in these regions as rood crosses. It is possible that the "Majestats" were the focus of an important and popular cult veneration in these regions as early as the tenth century. They were normally hung near portals of the churches or altars dedicated to the Savior. Often the backs of the majestats were painted with the Agnus Dei and the Evangelist's symbols suggesting that these crosses were also carried in processions.
Probably it comes from a church in the district of Garrotxa (Girona). It entered the museum's collection donated by Enric Batlló to the Province of Barcelona on a permanent loan, 1914. Its inventory Number is 015937-000.
Description.
The cross was procured for the museum in 1914 by the collector Enric Batlló, for whom the piece is now named. It was also the same family that commissioned the construction of Casa Batlló in 1877 Barcelona, Catalonia. At the time of its first arrival at the museum, it was covered with a thick coating of varnish that obscured but helped preserve its bright colors, which have now been restored.
Recent studies have revealed the pigments used to produce the colors: the red from cinnabar and the blue from lapis lazuli. Both pigments were very expensive and the sculpture is believed to have come from a studio of some importance perhaps the studio around the monastery of Ripoll.
Iconography.
The Batlló Majesty presents Christ bearing his suffering with noble stoicism. It is a triumphant Christ wearing a colobium, or a long, sleeveless tunic. Although the corners of his mouth turn slightly downward, Christ's open eyes and unfurrowed brow create the impression of a self-possessed impassivity. One of the striking features of the Batlló Majesty compared to others, is the well-conserved polychromy. Christ’s colobium, in imitation of rich oriental silk, is decorated with blue floral designs surrounded by circular red frames embellished with dots and circles. A thin belt with an elaborate interlace knot pulls the tunic in above Christ’s hips, making the fabric above it swell out slightly and curving the path of its flat, wide vertical folds. Such robes, called colobiums are linked with royal and priestly functions and provide a message of strength to the viewing audience. They can be seen as a visualization of image of the Apocalyptic Christ from the Book of Revelation. The iconographic tradition of Jesus in a colobium dates to 586 in a manuscript of the Syriac Gospels called the Rabbula Gospels, written by the monk Rabbula somewhere in Mesopotamia. It is thought that the tradition of depicting Christ in such costume was brought to Catalonia by artisans from Pisa who arrived in 1114 to help Ramon Berenguer III, Count of Barcelona in his conquest of the Balearic Islands.
A Latin inscription above his head reads, "JHS NAZARENUS REX IUDEORUM" ("Jesus of Nazareth King of the Jews”) as in biblical accounts (Matthew 27:37, Mark 15:26, Luke 23:38, John 19:19).
Chronology.
The chronology of the Batlló Majesty is difficult to date, but the inscription on the cross and the painting could be placed in the eleventh century, although other authors dating back to the twelfth century based on the painting’s similarity to ones seen in the area of Ripoll, mid-twelfth century, which is used as an argument to support this dating, and can now be placed into 1150. The tunic also has an analogy with an Islamic motif abacus of the cloister of the abbey of Saint-Pierre de Moissac, which seems to prove the spread during the Romanesque period.

</doc>
<doc id="20722836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722836" title="TimeSTAMP protein labelling">
TimeSTAMP protein labelling

TimeSTAMP (Time – Specific Tag for the Age Measurement of Proteins) is a technique invented at the Roger Tsien lab at the University of California San Diego in 2008. It is a technique that can specifically label the newly synthesized copies of the genetically tagged protein.
Principle of the TimeSTAMP technique.
The TimeSTAMP technique for labelling newly synthesized proteins of interest and is based on drug–dependent preservation of epitope tags.
A simple diagram showing the strategy for drug–dependent epitope tagging of newly synthesized proteins can be found here: [http://brainwindows.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/picture-10.png].
In this technique, a tag that is present on all the proteins that are synthesized after the one-time administration of a small molecule drug. To achieve this goal, specific protease activity is incorporated to confer self–removing behaviour onto an epitope tag. Then, a corresponding protease inhibitor is used in order to block the removal of the tag. As a result, only those proteins synthesized after the application of inhibitor would be tagged.
Application of TimeSTAMP technique.
As TimeSTAMP technique can achieve temporally controlled labelling of newly synthesized proteins of interest even in thick tissues or intact animals and provide a sensitive, specific detection, the distribution of newly synthesized protein in a living animal can be studied.

</doc>
<doc id="20722898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722898" title="Neyyoor">
Neyyoor

Neyyoor is a developing village situated in 1 k.m. from mondaymarket. It is also a town panchayat of kanyakumari district. The nearest major towns are Thiruvananthapuram and Nagercoil . The nearest railway station is Eraniel Station.The main attraction of this area is the famous Neyoor Church. It is also famous for having the first cancer research centres in all of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20722918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722918" title="Bimala Prasad Chaliha">
Bimala Prasad Chaliha

Bimala Prasad Chaliha (March 27, 1912 – February 25, 1971) was a Leader of Indian National Congress and a freedom fighter who was put behind bar in the Jorhat Jail in 1942 for active participation in Mahatma Gandhi's call of Quit India to the British Govt. He was elected to the post of Chief Minister for three five years terms of Assam State, once from Badarpur Constituency and twice from Sonari Constituency. He was in office from December 28, 1957 to November 6, 1970. He was awarded Padma Vibhushan in 1971.
During his tenure as the Chief Minister, the "Assam Official Language Act, 1960" was enacted, which made Assamese language the sole official language of the state. During his terms the Chinese attacked India at Bomdilla then called NEFE now known as Arunachal Pradesh. He strongly opposed the division of Assam State into smaller states like Nagaland, Mizoram and Meghalaya and was member in various Committees of India's Central Government. Only after his death the State of Assam was broken down into smaller States. The March 1966 Mizo National Front uprising also happened during his tenure. Earlier he was instrumental in promoting the Assam Plantation Act to safeguard the interest of the Tea Tribes of Assam. During his second term as Chief Minister the issue of illegal migration from then East Bengal came up, he claimed there were 300,000 illegal entrants in Assam, and he took active steps to deport them in his third term.

</doc>
<doc id="20722922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722922" title="Wuthering Heights (2009 television serial)">
Wuthering Heights (2009 television serial)

Wuthering Heights is a two-part ITV television serial adaptation of the novel "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Brontë. The episodes were adapted for the screen by Peter Bowker and directed by Coky Giedroyc. The programme stars Tom Hardy and Charlotte Riley in the roles of the famous lovers Heathcliff and Catherine or 'Cathy' Earnshaw.
The series was first broadcast in January 2009 in the US, as part of PBS's Masterpiece Classic programming. It eventually aired in the UK in two separate 90-minute instalments on consecutive nights, on 30 and 31 August 2009. It was broadcast on the terrestrial networks ITV & UTV, and in early 2010 on STV in Scotland.
Plot synopsis.
"For an in-depth account of the plot, See Main Article: Wuthering Heights"
Based on the classic novel by Emily Brontë, "Wuthering Heights" is a story of love, obsession, hate and revenge. The protagonists, Cathy and Heathcliff, form a love that is dark and destructive and affects the lives of everyone around them.
Production.
Writing.
In approaching the novel as a 180-minute adaptation writer Peter Bowker observed: "How do you go about adapting the greatest love story in literature? Well, firstly by acknowledging that it isn't a love story. Or at least, it is many things as well as a love story. It's a story about hate, class, revenge, sibling rivalry, loss, grief, family, violence, land and money..."
He noted that the book had previously proved "stubbornly unadaptable", the most successful version being the Hollywood picture starring Laurence Olivier, which succeeded because "with classic Hollywood ruthlessness they filleted out the Cathy/Heathcliff story and ditched the rest of the plot. It's a great film but it does the novel a disservice."
Bowker hoped to "open up some of the other themes, not least the story of how damage is passed down through generations, how revenge poisons the innocent and the guilty, how the destructive nature of hate always threatens to overwhelm the redemptive power of love" but acknowledged that "structurally, the novel is notoriously difficult"
Faced with this "complex and sometimes frustrating structure" Bowker decided to reassemble the plot of the novel in chronological order and read it again. He credits the "exercise in literary vandalism" as "a breakthrough moment in pointing to the book's adaptability". In his version, Bowker "decided to drop original narrator Lockwood altogether and absorb Nelly's narration into the main drama".
Bowker also shuffled with the original organisation of the flashback episodes, instead beginning his drama "at the moment when Linton is delivered by the dying Edgar to the old Heathcliff at the Heights", rather than through the visitor Lockwood's arrival at the estate. He suggested this reshuffle would increase audience interest; as the story begins "two men hate each other and we don't know why. The Kind Man is giving his ailing nephew to the Monster and we don't know why. Start with a mystery". Bowker also found this introduction gave "the story of the younger generation the room it deserves".
Reception.
The serial received a generally mixed response from critics. Metacritic denotes the average US rating as 54/100, which represents "mixed or average reviews".
In the UK, Kathryn Flett of "The Observer" began by asserting that "Wuthering Heights is a nightmare for a film-maker", with "too many characters to make a streamlined narrative" and "annoying" protagonists. Nevertheless she found herself "this edited-highlights version of the Heights, directed with flair by Coky Giedroyc". She also praised Tom Hardy in the role of Heathcliff, how he managed to convincingly make the character "thoroughly dangerous to know in all the right ways, entirely capable of making even careworn middle-aged women rend their garments, tear their hair and head for the moors". She did, however, note a dip in quality in the concluding episode, noting that "even the young Tom Hardy couldn't quite stop the second half from being a bit, like, Wuthever".

</doc>
<doc id="20722955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722955" title="Windsor Park, Tasmania">
Windsor Park, Tasmania

Windsor Park is an Australian Rules football ground that is home to the Launceston Football Club and has been since 1968 when the club was a member of the former NTFA competition. 
It is currently a venue in the Tasmanian State League. 
The grounds do not have established grandstands, but has had portable grandstand seating erected since Launceston joined the TSL competition, it also has a social clubroom building and a two-storey changeroom and viewing area beside it which was severely damaged by fire in 2007. 
The Windsor Park area includes Australian Rules Football, Cricket and Soccer grounds and is located by the banks of the Tamar River in the suburb of Riverside, Launceston, Australia.
The various sporting grounds in the precinct are home of the Launceston Football Club in the Tasmania State League, Riverside Cricket Club and Riverside Olympic, a football (soccer) club which represents Launceston in the Tasmanian Northern Premier League. 

</doc>
<doc id="20722957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722957" title="Youngtown Oval">
Youngtown Oval

Youngtown Memorial Ground is a football ground at Youngtown in the southern suburbs of Launceston, Australia and is home of the South Launceston Football Club in the Tasmania State League.
History.
The ground was the former home of the City-South Football Club in the former NTFA until they merged with East Launceston during the 1986 TFL season to become South Launceston.
Youngtown Memorial Ground has one small main stand (Reg Walker Stand) which was transported across from the former York Park BMX track in the early 1990s and was later sealed, roofed and had changerooms built beneath, the rest of the ground has parking spaces available to cars.
It has a capacity of approximately 3,500 and regularly hosts finals for the current NTFA (formerly the Tasmanian Amateur Football League Northern Division) competition.
Youngtown was much maligned during the former TFL Statewide League years as South Launceston were, on several occasions moved away from the ground by the TFL to play at York Park in an effort to attract bigger crowds and play at a better facility.
South Launceston has played the majority of home fixtures at Youngtown in the Tasmanian State League (TSL) since 2009. In 2011 and at the end of 2013 the Club conducted games at Aurora Stadium.
Despite winning the TSL premiership in 2013 South Launceston has returned to community football in the NTFA for the 2014 season and will play home games at Youngtown in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20722963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20722963" title="Visible School">
Visible School

Visible Music College is a Music and Worship Arts College located in Memphis, Tennessee, United States. Its mission statement is to train and equip musicians, technicians, and business professionals in skill and character for effective service in the music industry and in the Church. Visible Music College is authorized for operation as a post-secondary educational institution by the Tennessee Higher Education Commission.
Visible Music College offers three-year Bachelor's degrees in Music Production Ministry,VS MPM Modern Music Ministry,MMM and Music Business.MBM.
As of November 5, 2009, Visible Music College was awarded Accreditation as a Category II institution by the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools (TRACS).
Visible School was founded by Ken Steorts, founding guitarist of the Christian rock band, Skillet, in 2000 as Visible Music College. He says the idea for the college's name, "Visible School" came from the German theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer. Here is an excerpt from the Visible School student handbook:
Did you know that “visibility” is all about being seen or discovered, that it’s about something that’s noticeable? Dietrich Bonhoeffer describes Christian believers as a “visible community” infiltrating the darkness, bringing a light into the world that cannot be hidden. Wow! That is who we are called to be, lights in the darkness, both individually and corporately.
2000-2001.
Visible School was created in the spring of 2000, when Ken Steorts, a founding member of the Christian rock band Skillet (band), left the band to travel to Coventry, England to view a Christian music college resembling the idea of Visible School for research. After visiting the Nexus Academy of Music website, he began Visible Community School of Music and Worship Arts as a ministry of Grace Covenant Church, also located in Memphis, Tennessee. The 2000-2001 school year began with twenty-one students and four full-time faculty.
In August 2001, more than forty students arrived after a summer of marketing the school at Christian music festivals and events. The school leased fifteen units at a local apartment complex and began to seek official recognition apart from Grace Covenant Church, which changed its name to Lifelink Church website. The faculty increased to eight teachers to handle the larger student body.
2001-2002.
During the 2001-2002 school year, the school formally separated from Grace Covenant Church (now Lifelink Church website) and became an incorporated and authorized school of higher education in the state of Tennessee. In August 2002, the school grew to sixty-nine first and second year students, and partnered with Crichton College for accredited coursework through the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS). The school also formalized relations with Days Inn, Lakeland, Tennessee for dormitory housing, creating a campus for the institution. The faculty increased to twelve and programs increased to match student and faculty growth.
2003-2004.
In the fall of 2003, Visible School increased again to seventy-nine first and second-year students, twenty faculty members, and added a School Board. Working towards institutional accreditation through TRACS, Visible School is nearing all of its original intended goals of one hundred new students per year, and programs in the arts to minister worldwide.
In the Spring of 2003, faculty and staff decided to gain independent accreditation from Crichton College through TRACS. Throughout the summer of 2003, investigation into several arts accrediting bodies and various Christian accrediting bodies was completed. The decision to pursue TRACS recognition was made, and the school moved forward.
Contact with TRACS administration in early Fall 2003 culminated with Visible School being accepted as an applicant for accreditation status with TRACS. Visible School’s objective of offering competent, personal, and professional courses of study for undergraduate students was one step closer to reality.
During Applicant status for accreditation with TRACS, Visible School began the Self-Study documents, completing mid-2004 and hosting a visiting TRACS Evaluation Team in the early Fall of 2004. This Team gave a report with 27 recommendations and 32 suggestions for improvement to Visible School, as the institution sought accreditation. As the President and Director of Academic Development stood in front of the Accreditation Commission with two months of prepared response to the recommendations and suggestions, the College received report from the TRACS Commission that the status of the College’s attempt to receive accreditation was “deferred” until April 2005. The staff and leadership of the college worked over the next six months to correct and amend the items that were in the Recommendations and Suggestions and received Candidate Status in the Fall of 2004.
2005-2006.
In the summer of 2005, Visible School ended its relationship with Crichton College. Visible School, now able to receive United States Department of Education (DOE) Authorization for Title IV aid, stood alone as a college for which students could get loans and aid directly. However, the Department of Education denied Visible School the ability to obtain aid for its students due to low ratio scores financially. Expected enrollment of 100 became 65, with the course load of 35 students paying in cash and unsecured loans. Financially the budget shrank, and many of the faculty took part-time hours and pay cuts to balance.
In the winter of 2005-2006, a single donor stepped up to cover the costs of running the school for the remainder of the 2005-2006 academic year. Visible School was able to hire a full-time Librarian and continue offering full course loads to students as a result of the TRACS accreditation process. The faculty continued to receive training. Many assessment processes began, as the College matured in planning, executing, and assessing the results of student education.
The summer of 2006 saw an increase in enrollment and positive audited financial statements, bringing 65 full-time students, and with tight financial restraint and budgeting, a successful enough year to receive DOE authorization for the spring term. This in turn, granted financial aid to all students in any economic situation.
2007 to 2009.
In the spring of 2007, the student body number rose and the school focused on International Programs and Recording Projects, such as Visible Media Group; an artist development facet of Visible School, and VMI; a national and international week-long music training program. The Executive Council expanded to include all the Directors, including the new Director of Institutional Development. The College improved, with consolidated offices, technological updates, and reduced faculty workload. The focus of TRACS requirements link, coupled with the ongoing assessment and response with TRACS that had begun years before combined to give Visible School 70 new students.
In February 2008, the student population rose again. With more fundraising and spending, the financial success of the school is beginning to materialize. A healthy student body and faculty relationship is the hallmark of Visible School, and that connection has returned and grown through the initiatives of the school over the 2007-2008 school year. Expecting 80 full-time students in a reduced number of courses and major programs, Visible School has had the most successful year of its history in 2008-2009, culminating in a decision by second Self-Study, a TRACS Self-Study Team visit, and a TRACS Commission decision to grant Accredited Status to the College in 2009.
2011-2012.
With the turning of the year, there was more talk of school finally moving into the city, using the downtown area of Memphis as a home base for students to become more visible to the Memphis community.
Name Change.
On April 7, 2011 Visible School announced its official name change to Visible Music College. “The decision to rebrand after 10 years wasn’t an easy one, but we are all excited with the new direction and feel that Visible Music College offers a straightforward name and a clearer picture of who we are,’” said founder and president Ken Steorts.
Into the City.
After nine years of growth, the original campus in Lakeland, Tennessee became too small and Visible Music College began a $6 million capital campaign to move the college and its dormitories to downtown Memphis. Visible Music College acquired the iconic C&I Bank Building in Downtown Memphis as its education center in 2009. During renovation classes were moved to Lifelink Church in the Cooper-Young District in Memphis.
The college moved into to the downtown campus in late Summer 2011. The campus includes four floors of performance, practice, classroom and administrative space. Future plans include renovation of the basement into recording and production studios and the top floor as a Library and event space.
Visible Music College is committed to a philosophy of education that prioritizes community through teaching, accountability, and discipleship. Therefore, enrollment growth will be achieved through partners and teaching sites around the United States and world. Schal Werk Stadt, a partner campus in Holden, Germany, opened in Fall 2011. Authorization to offer blended instruction and a teaching site in Lansing, Illinois will begin in the 2014-2015 academic year.
The future.
The plans to build a brand new, state-of-the-art Urban Campus in Memphis in 2011 came to fruition. The improvements and upgrades still go on to this day while academic life goes on around its ever-changing renovation. The school received a 3 million-dollar matching grant to move the campus into Downtown Memphis. The new urban campus is located in the renovated C&I Bank Building on 200 Madison Avenue, in Downtown Memphis.
According to a 2012 interview with Christian magazine "Greenville In One Accord," President Ken Steorts stated his desire for the future of the college as, "A series of small campuses around the world bringing worship leadership, music training, and equipping to young people on every continent in groups of 132 students and 20-30 staff in each location serving the local churches, expanding the realm of Christian scholarship, musical maturity, outreach, and ministry to bands and the public, and maintain a 'radical center' way of loving community and professionalism."
With the new urban campus well underway and the Chicago campus finishing renovations for the 2014-2015 academic year, Visible Music College is continuing to expand and grow. Future plans of beginning a campus in Texas is anticipated for the Fall 2015 term.

</doc>
<doc id="20723012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723012" title="Pascal Bodjona">
Pascal Bodjona

Pascal Akoussoulèlou Bodjona (born 17 May 1966) is a Togolese politician who served in the government of Togo as Minister of State for Territorial Administration, Decentralization, and Local Collectivities, as well as Government Spokesman, from 2007 to 2012. Previously he was Ambassador to the United States from 1998 to 2005 and Director of the Presidential Cabinet from 2005 to 2007.
Early life and diplomatic career.
Bodjona was born in Kétao, located in Binah Prefecture. After attending school in Kétao and Lomé, the capital, he went to the United States to study at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. He was appointed as Special Adviser to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation in 1994 before being appointed to the Embassy of Togo to the United States in 1995 as an "attaché". Subsequently he was promoted to the post of Ambassador to the United States in January 1998. That appointment was criticized by some opponents of the government, who alleged that Bodjona had previously been involved in political violence. Bodjona presented his credentials as Ambassador to US President Bill Clinton on 27 May 1998; he also served concurrently as Ambassador to Brazil. Bodjona remained in his diplomatic post for seven years, becoming the Dean of the West African Diplomatic Corps in Washington DC.
2005 presidential campaign and government service.
In January 2005, Bodjona returned to Togo to participate in celebrations marking the anniversary of the 13 January 1967 coup that brought President Gnassingbé Eyadéma to power. Eyadéma then died suddenly on 5 February 2005, and as a result Bodjona did not return to the US to continue his work as Ambassador. He instead served as the spokesman of Eyadema's son Faure Gnassingbé, who was the Rally of the Togolese People (RPT) candidate in the April 2005 presidential election. As candidate spokesman, he condemned the violence that surrounded the election and rejected opposition accusations that the RPT engaged in electoral fraud and misconduct.
After Gnassingbé's victory, Bodjona was appointed as Director of the Cabinet of President of the Republic in May 2005. He remained in that post for over two and a half years. Following the October 2007 parliamentary election, Bodjona was appointed as Minister of State for Territorial Administration, Decentralization, and Local Collectivities, as well as Government Spokesman, on 13 December 2007.
The Togolese football team was ambushed and attacked by rebels in Angola in January 2010, and consequently the team withdrew from the African Cup of Nations to observe a period of mourning. The Confederation of African Football (CAF) then banned the team from playing in the next two tournaments and fined it $50,000. Speaking for the government after CAF's decision, Bodjona expressed outrage, saying that CAF had "no consideration for the lives of other human beings" and that the decision was "insulting to the family of those who lost their lives and those traumatised because of the attack." He also said that the government would take legal action.
Activities in the RPT.
Bodjona is a member of the RPT Political Bureau and is the RPT's National Secretary for Political Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20723042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723042" title="Human Crossing">
Human Crossing

Manga.
Shogakukan published "Human Crossing" in 27 "bound volumes" between October 1, 1981 and March 1, 1991. The series was republished into 19 "bound volumes" between November 17, 1994 and June 15, 1996.
Anime.
The series was adapted into a 13-episode anime in 2003 by OB Planning. Directed by Akira Kumeichi and Kazunari Kumi, it was broadcast on TV Tokyo between April 5, 2003 and June 28, 2003. It was licensed by Geneon in 2004. Each episode is a separate story of little relevance to each other. The anime is released in France by Kaze, and in Taiwan by Muse Communication.
The anime uses two pieces of theme song. "REVENGE ~Asu e no Chigai~" by Nana Katase is the opening theme, while "Believing" by Aki Asahina is the ending theme.
Geneon released a set of four DVDs for "Human Crossing". They released the first DVD, "Human Crossing - The 25th Hour" on February 8, 2005, the second DVD, "Human Crossing, Vol. 2: The Cicadas of Winter" on April 26, 2005, the third DVD, "Human Crossing, Vol. 3: Message in White" on June 28, 2005, and the fourth and final DVD, "Human Crossing, Vol. 4: Instructor's Rain" on August 30, 2005.
On March 13, 2007, Geneon released "Human Crossing: Complete Brick Pack", which contains all 4 DVDs of the anime.
Albums.
Avex trax released a soundtrack CD on "Human Crossing" anime's ending theme called, "Human Scramble - Believing", on June 4, 2003. The CD uses Bobby Caldwell, Marsga Randcliffe and Debra Shane lyrics. It was sung by Aki Asahina. On July 16, 2003, Hiboom released a soundtrack CD for "Human Scramble", containing the opening and ending themes of the anime. On January 7, 2005, Universal Music released a CD for "Human Scramble", which was sung by Shinji Tanimura. On March 11, 2009, Universal Music created a SHM-CD version of Shinji Tanimura's 10-part album, which includes "Ningen Kosaten - Human Scramble".
Reception.
Anime News Network's Theron Martin criticizes the “The 25th Hour” episode, "which comes off as preachy, improbable, and forced" but he also commends the “Direction" episode for its "poignancy and emotional appeal" at the end. Anime News Network's Carlo Santos criticizes the second DVD of "Human Crossing" because of its animation, labeling it "stiff" and "choppy". Mania.com's Jennifer Rocks comments on the "stand-alone" nature of each episode more saying that it might be more rewarding if the anime is "viewed as a cultural study, rather than as pure entertainment". DVD Talk's Don Houston commends the anime on its "background detail" and writes that many of the episodes have a "universal appeal".

</doc>
<doc id="20723049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723049" title="CASY cell counting technology">
CASY cell counting technology

CASY technology is an electric field multi-channel cell counting system. It was first marketed by Schärfe System GmbH in 1987 under the name CASY1. The first systems were sold with an ATARI computer and a rectangular chassis. In the 1990'ies the ATARI computer got replaced by a common PC and the chassis changed into cyclinders. In 2006, Schärfe System was acquired by Innovatis AG, a company focused on cell culture analysis. CASY utilizes the techniques of electric current exclusion and pulse area analysis, the cells can be analyzed and counted in an efficient and precise manner. This technology can be applied for cell counting, cell culture analysis at a certain time interval, or even a period of time.
Principle of CASY technology.
Cell viability can be assessed based on the integrity of plasma membrane: the living cells have intact plasma membranes whereas membranes of dead cells are broken. When a cell is exposed to a low voltage field, the electric current cannot go though the intact membrane, which is an electric insulator, if it is viable. Otherwise, as the cellular membrane is broken, electric field can go through the injured cell as there are pores on their membrane. For a normal cell, its size cannot be smaller than its nuclear size, which is the criterion to distinguish between living cells and dead cells.
As a result, when cells in an electrolyte or a particular buffer, they are aligned one by one to a precision measuring pore and exposed to the electric field, each of their information can be captured and the culture condition, including its concentration, viability and volume, can be analyzed. For example, when the living cells get greater volume and pass though the current flow, a greater pulse, in amp-1, can be generated and then amplified. As the cell size is related to the cell volume, a cell size profile in cell population can be produced in terms of pulse height. Since the cells are scanned at such high frequency, a precise result and a high resolution can be produced.
These results from each cell are cumulated and assigned in a calibrated multi-channel analyser with over 500,000 channels. So, for the CASY technology, as the cell flow cytometry, it can present data of each cell as a cell size distribution graph, which has 2 variables, the change in cell volume and that in cell viability. The materials passing though the apparatus can be gated. For the newly invented equipments, they have an automatically lower threshold at 7 um, which can exclude small particles and cell debris in the cell culture. At the same time, there will be an upper threshold to prevent from cell aggregation for counting. However, some of users may set upper threshold to unlimited for cell size. Since the cell size of each cell type is varied, before doing gating, it should ensure the correct cell size is included during the cell size related experiment.
Advantages.
Since the cell viability is determined by electric current exclusion, viability dyes such as Trypan blue and Propidium iodide are not needed. Hence, cell viability determination need no longer be a terminal experiment. This advantage permits subsequent tests using the cells such as viability after a further time interval.
The given result will be very accurate because not only are all steps performed robotically, but are high throughput (e.g. a million events/second).
CASY technology it is fast but also reliable and reproducible because of features such as the multi-channel analyzer for detecting and analyzing the pulse height generation. In fact, a channel means the pulse counted in a particular energy. In the past, single channel analyzers were used the instruments. They can count the pulse in a narrow range only. So, they can analyze the cells for one or few times at the set frequency only. Once the electric current is changed during the cell transfer, it could not be detected. This can use not only a much time for analysis but also inaccurate cell counting result. However, for the multi- channel analyzer, it can scan the entire energy range and the pulses in each channel. As there are more than 500, 000 channels for a cell counting, once a cell is pass through the measuring pore, there would be a lot of channel monitoring for 1 cell. As a result, the speed of CASY technology to obtain the information of cells can be very high.
Applications.
One of CASY technology applications is electronic cell counter for determining cell number and their viability in a sample. The equipment is shown as Fig. 3 and the Fig. 4 states the result, including the total cell count, as well as the percentage of debris, living cells and dead cells, displayed on the screen of the cell counter.
Lindl et al. (2005) has compared the CASY technology to two standard methods for cell viability measurement, including the neutral red uptake and MTT assay. They found that the most sensitive IC50 values, which were the closest to those in the literature, were performed by this electronic cell counter. Some toxicants in these experiments by using chemical methods would affect the mechanisms of the assays. So, the results would become invalid. However, for the electronic cell counter, it can not only monitor all the cells changes, even the cell necrosis, by various toxicants types and concentration, but also a complex mixture of toxicants in the cell culture. It would be seen that the progress changes of dying cells can be detected as well. On the other hand, all the results from electric cell counter could be transferred to the computers with common spreadsheet programs. No other specific software would be set up to every computer to obtain the result.
Differences between CASY and Coulter cell counting.
CASY technology is an electric field multi-channel cell counting system. It was first marketed by Schärfe System GmbH in 1998. In 2006, Schärfe System was acquired by Innovatis, a company focused on cell culture analysis. CASY utilizes the techniques of electric current exclusion and pulse area analysis, the cells can be analyzed and counted in an efficient and precise manner. This technology can be applied for cell counting, cell culture analysis at a certain time interval, or even a period of time.
Principle of CASY technology.
Cell viability can be assessed based on the integrity of plasma membrane: the living cells have intact plasma membranes whereas membranes of dead cells are broken. When a cell is exposed to a low voltage field, the electric current cannot go though the intact membrane, which is an electric insulator, if it is viable. Otherwise, as the cellular membrane is broken, electric field can go through the injured cell as there are pores on their membrane. For a normal cell, its size cannot be smaller than its nuclear size, which is the criterion to distinguish between living cells and dead cells.
As a result, when cells in an electrolyte or a particular buffer, they are aligned one by one to a precision measuring pore and exposed to the electric field, each of their information can be captured and the culture condition, including its concentration, viability and volume, can be analyzed. For example, when the living cells get greater volume and pass though the current flow, a greater pulse, in amp-1, can be generated and then amplified. As the cell size is related to the cell volume, a cell size profile in cell population can be produced in terms of pulse height. Since the cells are scanned at such high frequency, a precise result and a high resolution can be produced.
These results from each cell are cumulated and assigned in a calibrated multi-channel analyser with over 500,000 channels. So, for the CASY technology, as the cell flow cytometry, it can present data of each cell as a cell size distribution graph, which has 2 variables, the change in cell volume and that in cell viability. The materials passing though the apparatus can be gated. For the newly invented equipments, they have an automatically lower threshold at 7 um, which can exclude small particles and cell debris in the cell culture. At the same time, there will be an upper threshold to prevent from cell aggregation for counting. However, some of users may set upper threshold to unlimited for cell size. Since the cell size of each cell type is varied, before doing gating, it should ensure the correct cell size is included during the cell size related experiment.
Advantages.
Since the cell viability is determined by electric current exclusion, viability dyes such as Trypan blue and Propidium iodide are not needed. Hence, cell viability determination need no longer be a terminal experiment. This advantage permits subsequent tests using the cells such as viability after a further time interval.
The given result will be very accurate because not only are all steps performed robotically, but are high throughput(e.g. a million events/second).
CASY technology it is fast but also reliable and reproducible because of features such as the multi-channel analyzer for detecting and analyzing the pulse height generation. In fact, a channel means the pulse counted in a particular energy. In the past, single channel analyzers were used the instruments. They can count the pulse in a narrow range only. So, they can analyze the cells for one or few times at the set frequency only. Once the electric current is changed during the cell transfer, it could not be detected. This can use not only a much time for analysis but also inaccurate cell counting result. However, for the multi- channel analyzer, it can scan the entire energy range and the pulses in each channel. As there are more than 500, 000 channels for a cell counting, once a cell is pass through the measuring pore, there would be a lot of channel monitoring for 1 cell. As a result, the speed of CASY technology to obtain the information of cells can be very high.
Applications.
One of CASY technology applications is electronic cell counter for determining cell number and their viability in a sample. The equipment is shown as Fig. 3 and the Fig. 4 states the result, including the total cell count, as well as the percentage of debris, living cells and dead cells, displayed on the screen of the cell counter.
Lindl et al. (2005) has compared the CASY technology to two standard methods for cell viability measurement, including the neutral red uptake and MTT assay. They found that the most sensitive IC50 values, which were the closest to those in the literature, were performed by this electronic cell counter. Some toxicants in these experiments by using chemical methods would affect the mechanisms of the assays. So, the results would become invalid. However, for the electronic cell counter, it can not only monitor all the cells changes, even the cell necrosis, by various toxicants types and concentration, but also a complex mixture of toxicants in the cell culture. It would be seen that the progress changes of dying cells can be detected as well. On the other hand, all the results from electric cell counter could be transferred to the computers with common spreadsheet programs. No other specific software would be set up to every computer to obtain the result.
Differences between CASY and Coulter cell counting.
A Coulter counter is one of the other devices used for cell counting. Like CASY technology, this also uses electric current for cell counting. However, the difference between them is that there is an aperture called “sensing zone”, with a known volume of electrolyte in a coulter counter. When suspended cells pass through it, they would displace the equivalent volume of electrolyte in the sensing zone and cause a short term change of electric current across the aperture. Since the circuit is to detect the change of current across it, any particles that can displace the electrolyte will be counted. It would be seen that the measurement of cells would be from a volume to another volume in the same sample.
In contrast, the CASY technology incorporates no electrolytic reservoir in the aperture and the cells in the electrolyte can pass through the measuring pore. It would not be necessary to detect the cells from a batch to another batch but measure them continuously and smoothly.

</doc>
<doc id="20723062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723062" title="Banovallum School">
Banovallum School

The Banovallum School is a co-educational secondary modern school in Horncastle, Lincolnshire, England, within Lincolnshire LEA.
History.
The school was built in the early 1960s. The previous school it replaced was called the Cagthorpe School. It is a specialist science college. In September 2008, a new block was opened to the rear of the school. The new block is home to: Two Art Studios, A Textiles and Food Technology Workrooms; Technology Workshops and a Music Suite with industry standard recording studio and 4 large practice rooms. Also in 2008 the Science block was extended adding a further two Science Laboratories. The new addition to the school was built by the Gelder Group of Sturton by Stow.
In May 2008, the county council opened a £400,000 children's centre, based at the school.
Admissions.
It is situated on the A153, 500m to the south of the town. The school day is from 8.50am until 3.35pm.
The school has three houses, named after RAF planes: Hurricane , Lancaster , Spitfire . These two last aircraft, have flown operationally from the nearby RAF Coningsby. in recent years the house system has decreased from 5 to 3 with the disbanding of Tornado , Jaguar , both of which existed when the House system was brought into effect in 2006. After the first year, Jaguar house was 'disbanded' leaving the four houses that remain.
In the 70's and 80's there were four houses named after famous Lincolnshire characters from history. The houses were: Franklin , Hereward , Newton and Tennyson .
The gym hosts regional gymnastic competitions, and is the home of Banovallum Gymnastics Club.
Academic performance.
The school achieves GCSE results under the England average, but slightly above average for secondary modern schools, and better than many comprehensives. There is no sixth form provision, the nearest sixth form being at Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, also in Horncastle.

</doc>
<doc id="20723064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723064" title="Vic Legley">
Vic Legley

Vic Legley (18 June 1915 in Hazebrouck – 28 November 1994 in Ostend) was a Belgian violist and composer of classical music, of French birth. He first studied in Ypres with Lionel Blomme (1897–1984). In 1935 he matriculated at the Royal Conservatory in Brussels, and there won awards in the study of viola, fugue, counterpoint and chamber music.
In 1941, Legley began studying with Jean Absil, and in 1943 he received the second Belgian Prix de Rome. After World War II he played in the Brussels Opera Orchestra and also in the Déclin Quartet, where he encountered the music of Béla Bartók and of Arnold Schoenberg. At about this time (in 1942) he wrote his first symphony, first of a series of eight (the last of which was written in 1993 and premiered in 1994), and also his first string quartet (first of five, 1941–63, 1990) (Randel, Don Michael (1996).) 
He was chairman of SABAM (the authors' rights association) from 1980 to 1992, and from 1986 to 1990 president of the Union of Belgian Composers.
His last years saw a turn towards wind-band music; his "Symphony No. 7" is scored for this ensemble. His output also includes 3 violin concertos, a viola concerto, and a piano concerto, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20723068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723068" title="Sparkpr">
Sparkpr

Sparkpr is a public relations agency headquartered in San Francisco, California, with offices in New York City, London, Los Angeles and Cape Town. The firm focuses on the technology and consumer markets. 
History.
Sparkpr was founded in 1999 by Donna Sokolsky Burke and Chris Hempel, who started the firm after working at Netscape. Its early clients were Silicon Valley start-ups and former Netscape colleagues. It signed one-year contracts to help with startup launches and IPOs, in exchange for equity in the company. It supported VA Linux's IPO in December 1999, which ComputerWorld said is considered one of the most successful IPOs in history.
A price comparison website, Shopping.com's hired Sparkpr in 2004. The following year, it began supporting Yahoo.com and MyYahoo. In 2007, it founded SPR Europe, a London-based affiliate for the European market. An office was opened in South Africa in 2008 and in New York in 2012.
Services.
Sparkpr practice areas include Consumer Electronics, Digital Media & Advertising, eCommerce, Enterprise & IT, Financial Services, Gaming, Green Tech, Media & Entertainment, Mobile & Wireless, Music, Open Source, Social Media, Travel and Venture Capital.

</doc>
<doc id="20723081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723081" title="Linhe West Station">
Linhe West Station

Linhe West Station () is an interchange station on Line 3 and Zhujiang New Town Automated People Mover Systems on the Guangzhou Metro. It started operation in 26December 2005 and is located underground the junction of Tianhe Road North () and Linhe West Road () in the Tianhe District.

</doc>
<doc id="20723092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723092" title="John Dillon Nugent">
John Dillon Nugent

John Dillon Nugent (1869 – 1 March 1940) was an Irish nationalist politician, insurance representative and company director. He was born at Keady, County Armagh in 1869 and educated at National Schools there. He married in 1896 and with his wife Mary had three sons and three daughters. 
He was the national secretary of the Ancient Order of Hibernians (AOH) from 1904 until his death. Patrick Maume described him as Joseph Devlin's 'right-hand man'. Marie Coleman in the "Dictionary of Irish Biography" states that he used the AOH to intimidate the Irish Party's opponents, and that he orchestrated the attacks on William O'Brien at the infamous United Irish League ‘baton convention’ of 1909.
Nugent was a member of Dublin Corporation from 1912 and a Poor Law Guardian 1908-20. He was elected as MP for the constituency of Dublin College Green at the by-election of 11 June 1915 following the death of Joseph Patrick Nannetti, defeating the Labour candidate Thomas Farren, who stood on a separatist programme, by 2445 votes to 1816. He was defeated at the 1918 general election by Michael Staines of Sinn Féin contesting Dublin St Michan's.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1921, Nugent was elected as a Nationalist in the Armagh seat. He was defeated at the 1925 general election. Following this defeat he concentrated on his insurance and other business interests.
Publications.
"The AOH and its Critics", Dublin, pr. Curtis, 1911

</doc>
<doc id="20723094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723094" title="Roy Glover">
Roy Glover

Roy Glover is a fictional character on the British soap opera "Emmerdale" played by Nicky Evans. He first appeared on 2 August 1994 and departed six years later on 22 August 2000.
Storylines.
Roy arrived in the village as a 14-year-old in August 1994 with his parents, Ned and Jan and his older siblings Dave and Linda. Whilst at school Roy befriended Scott and Kelly Windsor. Roy was a troublesome teenager. Once when his sister Linda and her boyfriend Biff Fowler cleaned Alan Turner's landrover for him, Roy threw mud and dirt all over it so he could clean it again and get paid. Both of Roy's older siblings died, Dave in a fire at Home Farm and Linda in a car crash, leaving him the last surviving Glover child. Roy's first love was his schoolfriend Kelly. They dated briefly before drifting apart and didn't get back together until 1999 by which time Kelly had been in a brief relationship with her stepbrother Scott. Roy and Kelly were soon engaged and got married on 26 May 1999. But Kelly had been seeing Scott behind Roy's back and he exposed their affair when she refused to leave Roy, but she denied everything to Roy and he believed her. Once married, Roy and Kelly suffered financial difficulties and took cleaning jobs. Kelly stole some jewellery from one of their clients and held a dinner party at their home and the police were called. In order to protect Kelly, Roy took the blame for the theft and was jailed. When he was released Kelly came clean about her affair with Scott and revealed to Roy that she planned to start a new life in London. Roy forgave her and he and Kelly briefly reconciled but he was unable to make the relationship work. He divorced Kelly and left the village in August 2000 to start a new life for himself in Ibiza.

</doc>
<doc id="20723111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723111" title="Macrocyst">
Macrocyst

A macrocyst is an aggregate of cells of Dictyosteliida formed during sexual reproduction enclosed in a cellulose wall . 
If two amoebae of different mating types are present in a dark and wet environment, they can fuse during aggregation to form a giant cell. The giant cell will then engulf the other cells in the aggregate and encase the whole aggregate in a thick, cellulose wall to protect it. This is known as a macrocyst. Inside the macrocyst, the giant cell divides first through meiosis, then through mitosis to produce many haploid amoebae that will be released to feed as normal amoebae would. 

</doc>
<doc id="20723143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723143" title="BAY 60–6583">
BAY 60–6583

BAY 60–6583 is a selective adenosine A2B receptor agonist. It has been shown to provide protection from ischemia (lack of oxygen due to blocked blood supply) in both the heart and kidney of test animals, and has also been shown to be beneficial in treatment of acute lung injury, showing a range of potential applications for selective A2B agonists.

</doc>
<doc id="20723153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723153" title="1918 Shantou earthquake">
1918 Shantou earthquake

The 1918 Shantou earthquake is an earthquake that occurred in Shantou, Kwangtung, Republic of China. It also caused some damage in British Hong Kong.
Shantou.
The quake was centred near Shantou, about 300 km northeast of the territory of Hong Kong. The quake caused minor damage and cracks to buildings in the territory.
British Hong Kong.
It is also the only earthquake to have caused any damage to Hong Kong. It was estimated to reach intensity VII on the Modified Mercalli Scale. As the Royal Observatory, Hong Kong did not start operating long-period seismographs until 1921 to detect distant earthquakes. According to" Hong Kong Telegraph "the quake threw the whole Central District into a state of panic. The shock lasted about half a minute and was felt all over Hong Kong Island and Kowloon.

</doc>
<doc id="20723155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723155" title="Kaede (protein)">
Kaede (protein)

Kaede protein is a photoactivatable fluorescent protein naturally originated from a stony coral, "Trachyphyllia geoffroyi". It was named Kaede, meaning "maple leaf" in Japanese. With the irradiation of ultraviolet light (350–400 nm), Kaede undergoes irreversible photoconversion from green fluorescence to red fluorescence. 
It is a homotetrameric protein with the size of 116 kDa. The tetrameric structure was deduced as its primary structure is only 28 kDa. This tetramerization possibly makes Kaede have a low tendency to form aggregates when fused to other proteins.
Discovery.
The property of photoconverted fluorescence Kaede protein was serendipitously discovered and first reported by Ando et al. in Proceedings of the United States National Academy of Sciences. An aliquot of Kaede protein was discovered to emit red fluorescence after being left on the bench and exposed to sunlight. Subsequent verification revealed that Kaede, which is originally green fluorescent, after exposure to UV light is photoconverted, becoming red fluorescent. It was then named Kaede.
Properties.
The property of photocoversion in Kaede is contributed by the tripeptide, His62-Tyr63-Gly64, that acts as a green chromophore that can be converted to red. Once Kaede is synthesized, a chromophore, 4-(p-hydroxybenzylidene)-5-imidazolinone, derived from the tripeptide mediates green fluorescence in Kaede. When exposed to UV, Kaede protein undergoes un conventional cleavage between the amide nitrogen and the α carbon (Cα) at His62 via a formal β-elimination reaction. Followed by the formation of a double bond between His62-Cα and –Cβ, the π-conjugation is extended to the imidazole ring of His62. A new chromophore, 2-[(1E)-2-(5-imidazolyl)ethenyl]-4-(p-hydroxybenzylidene)-5-imidazolinone, is formed with the red-emitting property.
The cleavage of the tripeptide was analysed by SDS-PAGE analysis. Unconverted green Kaede shows one band at 28 kDa, where two bands at 18 kDa and 10 kDa are observed for converted red Kaede, indicating that the cleavage is crucial for the photoconversion.
A shifting of the absorption and emission spectrum in Kaede is caused by the cleavage of the tripeptide. Before the photoconversion, Kaede displays a major absorption wavelength maximum at 508 nm, accompanied with a slight shoulder at 475 nm. When it is excited at 480 nm, green fluorescence is emitted with a peak of 518 nm.
When Kaede is irradiated with UV or violet light, the major absorption peak shifts to 572 nm. When excited at 540 nm, Kaede showed an emission maximum at 582 nm with a shoulder at 627 nm and the 518-nm peak. Red fluorescence is emitted after this photoconversion.
The photoconversion in Kaede is irreversible. Exposure in dark or illumination at 570 nm cannot restore its original green fluorescence. A reduced fluorescence is observed in red, photoconverted Kaede when it is intensively exposed to 405 nm light, followed by partial recover after several minutes.
Applications.
As all other fluorescent proteins, Kaede can be the regional optical markers for gene expression and protein labeling for the study of cell behaviors. 
One of the most useful applications is the visualization of neurons. Delineation of an individual neuron is difficult due to the long and thin processes which entangle with other neurons. Even when cultured neurons are labeled with fluorescent proteins, they are still difficult to identify individually because of the dense package.
In the past, such visualization could be done conventionally by filling neurons with Lucifer yellow or sulforhodamine, which is a laborious technique. After the discovery of Kaede protein, it was found to be useful in delineating individual neurons. The neurons are transfected by Kaede protein cDNA, and are UV irradiated. The red, photoconverted Kaede protein has free diffusibility in the cell except for the nucleus, and spreads over the entire cell including dendrites and axon. This technique help disentangle the complex networks established in a dense culture. Besides, by labeling neurons with different colors by UV irradiating with different duration times, contact sites between the red and green neurons of interest are allowed to be visualized.
The ability of visualization of individual cells is also a powerful tool to identify the precise morphology and migratory behaviors of individual cells within living cortical slices. By Kaede protein, a particular pair of daughter cells in neighboring Kaede-positive cells in the ventricular zone of mouse brain slices can be followed. The cell-cell borders of daughter cells are visualized and the position and distance between two or more cells can be described.
As the change in the fluorescent colour is induced by UV light, marking of cells and subcellular structures is efficient even when only a partial photoconversion is induced.
Advantages as an optical marker.
Due to the special property of photo-switchable fluorescence, Kaede protein possesses several advantages as an optical cell marker.
After the photoconversion, the photoconverted Kaede protein emits bright and stable red fluorescence. This fluorescence can last for months without anaerobic conditions. As this red state of Kaede is bright and stable compared to the green state, and because the unconverted green Kaede emits very low intensity of red fluorescence, the red signals provides contrast.
Besides, before the photoconversion, Kaede emits bright green fluorescence which enables the visualization of the localization of the non-photoacivated protein. This is superior to other fluorescent proteins such as PA-GFP and KFP1, which only show low fluorescence before photoactivation.
In addition, as both green and red fluorescence of Kaede are excited by blue light at 480 nm for observation, this light will not induce photoconversion. Therefore, illumination lights for observation and photoconversion can be separated completely.
Limitations.
In spite of the usefulness in cell tracking and cell visualization of Kaede, there are some limitations. 
Although Kaede will shift to red upon the exposure of UV or violet light and display a 2,000-fold increase in red-to-green fluorescence ratio, using both the red and green fluorescence bands can cause problems in multilabel experiments. The tetramerization of Kaede may disturb the localization and trafficking of fusion proteins. This limits the usefulness of Kaede as a fusion protein tag.
Ecological significance.
The photoconversion property of Kaede does not only contribute to the application on protein labeling and cell tracking, it is also responsible for the vast variation in the colour of stony corals, "Trachyphyllia geoffroyi". Under sunlight, due to the photoconversion of Kaede, the tentacles and disks will turn red. As green fluorescent Kaede is synthesized continuously, these corals appear green again as more unconverted Kaede is created. By the different proportion of photoconverted and unconverted Kaede, great diversity of colour is found in corals.

</doc>
<doc id="20723163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723163" title="Academic grading in Venezuela">
Academic grading in Venezuela

In Venezuela a grade point average ranges from 0 to 20 points, being 20 the highest, with one decimal sometimes used, depending on the academic institution.
Venezuelan grades are easily changed into percentages by multiplying by 5. Rounding of averages is generally done to the second decimal; hence, a 13.95 is rounded up to a 14.0, whereas a 13.94 is rounded down to a 13.9. A passing grade is usually a 10 (50%), but some schools and universities may require a higher passing grade overall, or sometimes by subject.
Some universities have different grading systems, 5 or 10 point grading scale, with or without decimals.

</doc>
<doc id="20723169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723169" title="Marthe Voegeli">
Marthe Voegeli

Marthe Voegeli MD (born unknown date), a Swiss physician, was a pioneer in the field of male contraceptive research.
Between 1930 and 1950 Voegeli practiced medicine in India at her own private hospital. During this time, with the assistance of 9 volunteers, she experimented with a process of heat-based contraception.
The process was simple and effective. A man would bathe his testes in a hot bath for 45 minutes a day for 3 weeks. On the completion of the 3 weeks, a period of infertility was recorded by the volunteers.
Different bath temperatures produced varying lengths of infertility. A bath of 116˚ Fahrenheit (46.7˚ Celsius) would provide contraceptive protection for 6 months. A bath of 110˚ (43.3˚ Celsius) would provide contraception for at least 4 months.
After fertility returned in the males, the conception of healthy offspring with normal childhood development was recorded.
Voegeli retired from medicine in 1950 and spent the next 20 years involved in efforts to publicise the contraceptive method which were largely ignored.

</doc>
<doc id="20723173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723173" title="Christ the King College of Cavite Foundation">
Christ the King College of Cavite Foundation

The Christ the King College of Cavite Foundation (formerly Christ the King School of Cavite) is a private, non-sectarian and coeducational school in San Marino City, Bo. Salawag, Dasmariñas City, Cavite. CKCCF, as it is fondly called, was founded in 1994 by Dr. Elvira Directo, an educator from the Department of Education - National Capital Region, who, together with her family, envisioned of establishing a school within the rapidly growing area of eastern Dasmariñas, Cavite.
The school offers complete preparatory, elementary and secondary courses.
History.
In 1994 the then-Christ the King School of Cavite was established. 
2001 was a landmark year for the school's main campus as it built its two-storey academic building along Dublin Street inside the same subdivision. The first among the schools in the San Marino area, the school complemented the vertical growth of the campus by progressively upgrading its equipment for the benefit of the whole student population. 2006 marked another achievement for the school as it celebrated its new name, Christ the King College after reaching its tenth year.
Three years after the formal founding of the institution, it branched out to the nearby Brgy. Paliparan I, still at the same town, by building an Annex campus at Mabuhay Homes 2000, another subdivision around 5 km away from the main campus. 
In 2000, another campus was set up at Mabuhay City, Mamatid, Cabuyao City, Laguna. During that time, the campus, known as Christ the King School of Cabuyao, was the largest among the newly born schools in the area. 
Today, CKCCF continues to strive for excellence as facilities are continuously being upgraded and academic standards are constantly kept up-to-date.
Extra-Curricular Activities.
Notable Students
Demography.
There are around 1000 students both in high school and elementary department. Each classroom hosts 2 sections in elementary level (a single section each for the morning and afternoon shifts) while in the highschool level, each of the 3 sections per year level get to have their own room. Students are put into sections homogeneously.
Curriculum.
The school follows BEC (Basic Education Curriculum) which puts emphasis on the basic subjects like English, Math and Science.

</doc>
<doc id="20723187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723187" title="Health Sponsorship Council">
Health Sponsorship Council

The Health Sponsorship Council (HSC) was a New Zealand Crown Entity that used health promotion to promote health and encourage healthy lifestyles.
On 1 July 2012 the functions of HSC were taken over by a new Crown entity known as the Health Promotion Agency (HPA). HPA's work includes all of the HSC's functions as well as those of the Alcohol Advisory Council (ALAC) and some health promotion functions from the Ministry of Health.
The long-term focus of the HSC was on reducing the social, financial and health sector costs of smoking, skin cancer, problem gambling, and obesity.
HSC used communication and marketing tools such as sponsorship, advertising, partnerships and school-based activities to support and enable healthy community attitudes and behaviours towards smoking, sun safety, gambling, and nutrition and physical activity.
HSC’s health promotion activities and campaigns included:
HSC was established in 1990 following enactment of the Smoke-free Environments Act 1990.
Research.
HSC undertook and commissioned research to both inform and evaluate its health promotion activities and, in particular, the campaigns. Research findings were published on the HSC website and included insights into health and lifestyles, sun exposure, and attitudes to smoking.

</doc>
<doc id="20723200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723200" title="Mače, Preddvor">
Mače, Preddvor

Mače (; ) is a small village in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church built on a hill above the settlement is dedicated to Saint Nicholas. It was first mentioned in documents dating to 1156. The surviving church is a Gothic building from the late 14th or early 15th century. The original vaulted sanctuary survives. The painted wooden ceiling of the nave is from 1649 and was renovated in 1996. Frescos on the north side of the nave depict the journey of the Magi and on the central arch the legend of Saint Ursula. On the south wall Saint Christopher and the Crucifixion of Jesus are shown, with the date 1467.

</doc>
<doc id="20723203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723203" title="Lara de los Infantes">
Lara de los Infantes

Lara de los Infantes is a town with 26 inhabitants in the province of Burgos in the autonomous region of Castille y León in Spain. 
It is the seat of the municipality of Jurisdicción de Lara, which includes a few more inhabitants as it includes other localities like Paúles de Lara, and Aceña de Lara. It is situated in the shire of Sierra de la Demanda 45 kilometers from the city of Burgos.
Although sparsely populated today, the area was important in Roman times. In the Middle Ages it formed part of the Alfoz of Lara, where the Lara family had its hereditary base.

</doc>
<doc id="20723209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723209" title="Mače">
Mače

Mače may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20723228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723228" title="Gangding Station">
Gangding Station

Gangding Station () is a station on Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operation on 30December 2006 and is located under Zhongshan Avenue West () in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="20723266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723266" title="Counterflow centrifugation elutriation">
Counterflow centrifugation elutriation

Counterflow Centrifugation Elutriation (CCE) is a cell separating technique. This method enables scientists to separate different cells with different sizes. Since cell size is correlated with cell cycle stages this method also allows the separation of cells at different stages of the cell cycle.
Principle.
The key concept is that larger cells tend to stay within the flowing buffer solution while smaller cells will be washed away follow the buffer solution (different sedimentation property within the buffer solution), and cells will have different sedimentation properties in different cell cycle stages.
The basic principle of separating the cells inside CCE is the balance between centrifugal force and the counter flow drag force. When the cells enter the elutriation chamber, all the cells will stay at the outer edge of the chamber due to centrifugal force. Then when we increase the flow rate of the buffer solution, due to the special design of the CCE, the solution tends to push the cells towards the middle of the CCE: we call this counter flow drag force. As the flow rate of the buffer solution increase, when the counter flow drag force outweigh the centrifugal force the smaller cells will be driven by the net force and leave the chamber first. In contrast the larger cells will stay within the elutriation chamber. So the cells escape from the elutriation chamber can be collected in the exit of the system.
Advantages.
During the separation, the cell only needs to be suspended in a buffer solution and enter a centrifuge, the whole processes does not involve any chemical (e.g. staining) and physical (e.g. attachment of antibody, lyses of cell membrane) effect on the cells, so the cell will remain unchanged before and after the separation. Because of this, the collected cells can be used for further experiment or further separation by other techniques. Finally the CCE rely on centrifugal force and the counter flow drag force to separate the cells, so the speed of separation is fast. In summary:
Disadvantages.
As mentioned above, the CCE separates cells based on their sedimentation property but not specific features (e.g. surface protein, cell shape). It cannot separate different types of cells which have similar sedimentation properties. This means that previous purification needs to be done for mixed cell type sample. The CCE is also limited to cells which are able to be individually suspended in the buffer solution. Cells which always attach to something cannot be separated by the CCE.

</doc>
<doc id="20723271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723271" title="Eric Davidson">
Eric Davidson

Eric Davidson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20723288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723288" title="Giant huntsman spider">
Giant huntsman spider

The giant huntsman spider (, from "", meaning "the largest") is a spider of the "Heteropoda" genus.
It is considered the world's largest spider by leg-span. The huntsman appears to be a cave dweller and was discovered in Laos in 2001.
Taxonomy and naming.
The giant huntsman spider was discovered in northern Laos in 2001. Over a thousand new species of plant and animal were found between 1997 and 2007 in the Greater Mekong Subregion.
A representative of the World Wide Fund for Nature quipped that "Some of these species really have no business being recently discovered", suggesting that it is surprising for a species this large to go undiscovered for so long.
Description.
The colouration is yellowish-brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half. The legs have wide dark bands before the first bend. Like all huntsman spiders, the legs of the giant huntsman spider are long compared to the body, and twist forward in a crab-like fashion.
Apart from its size, the "H. maxima" can be distinguished from other species of "Heteropoda" by genital characteristics. On males, the cymbium is much longer than usual, at least three times longer than the tegulum. The female is distinguished by a characteristically shaped epigyneal field with two anterior directed bands, and the course of their internal ducts.
The giant huntsman spider is the largest member of the Sparassidae family, boasting a 30 centimeter (12 inch) leg-span, and 4.6 centimeter (1.8 inches) body-length. The largest known member of the Sparassidae known prior to the discovery of "H. maxima" was the Australian "Beregama aurea" (L. Koch, 1875) with a body length of about 4 centimeters. (Since the discovery of "H. maxima", Sparassidae species larger than "B. aurea" has been discovered, one of them is considered to be the largest in the Middle East).
Distribution and habitat.
The giant huntsman spider is found in Laos, and is probably a cave dweller because of its pale colour, long legs and special hairs on the second foot of the male. There is no apparent reduction of the eyes, however, possibly because the species lives near cave entrances.

</doc>
<doc id="20723289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723289" title="Gareth Davies (television producer)">
Gareth Davies (television producer)

Gareth Davies (fl. c. 2000) is a television producer.
His first Hollywood producing credit was the 1970 film "The Juggler of Notre Dame". Since, he has produced for television, particularly series including 69 episodes of "Remington Steele" (two seasons each as producer and as co-executive producer) from 1982 to 1986, and 145 episodes of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" from 1997 to 2003.
He should not be confused with the British television director and actor of the same name who was associated with the early work of television dramatist Dennis Potter.

</doc>
<doc id="20723312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723312" title="Monica Poole">
Monica Poole

Monica Poole (Canterbury, Kent 20 May 1921 - Tonbridge, Kent 3 August 2003), was an English wood-engraver.
Biography.
Monica Poole was the daughter of Charles Reginald Poole and Gladys Aline Haskell. She lived in Kent for the greater part of her life, and according to Anne Stevens "found her subjects, and shapes in the rolling chalk downland, the lush wealden country and the shore line". 
She attended Abbotsford School, then Broadstairs, and joined the Thanet School of Art at Margate in 1938, where she was introduced to wood-engraving by Geoffrey Wales.
In the War years between 1940 and 1945, she worked in an aircraft factory in Bedford.
She spent the post-war years from 1945 to 1949 at the Central School of Arts and Crafts in London. Here she met Noel Rooke, a noted wood-engraver. It was John Farleigh's course on illustrating, though, that revealed and nurtured her talent for wood- engraving. In 1940 she had first seen and been inspired by Farleigh's illustrations for D.H. Lawrence's "The Man Who Died" (1935), which led to the idea of studying under him. She later, in 1985, produced a study ""The Wood Engravings of John Farleigh"".
She married widower Alastair George Murison Small (1896-1969), a member of the Smalls of Dirnanean, in 1952. Murison Small was a former naval officer who had designed underwater weaponry. On his death on 14 September 1969, Poole retired to Tonbridge and quiet seclusion.
Poole produced some 36 wood-engravings from 1977 to 1993, which were snapped up by discerning collectors. She had solo exhibitions at the London dealer Duncan Campbell in 1989 and 1993. She exhibited regularly with the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers, becoming an Associate in 1967 and a member in 1975. She was also a member of the Society of Wood Engravers and the Art Workers Guild.
Her work may be seen in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford, the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the British Museum in London, the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art in Edinburgh, the Boston Public Library and in many other collections. Her close friend and fellow wood-engraver, George Mackley, published a book on her engravings in 1994.
She was a reserved person and led a very private life. She contracted poliomyelitis at the age of six months, leaving her paraplegic until she was five years old. Further emotional scars followed with her elder sister's death at seven and her mother's suffering from tuberculosis. An extended stay in Switzerland between 1929 and 1931 aided in her mother's recovery and left Monica dazzled by the mountainous country. 

</doc>
<doc id="20723317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723317" title="Shipaiqiao Station">
Shipaiqiao Station

Shipaiqiao Station ()(pinyin: Shí pái qiáo zhàn), literally Shipai Bridge Station in English, is a station of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations in 30 December 2006. It is located at the underground of Tianhe Road () of Tianhe Road East () in Tianhe District.

</doc>
<doc id="20723352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723352" title="The Frog Prince (1984 film)">
The Frog Prince (1984 film)

The Frog Prince (also released as French Lesson) is a 1984 romantic comedy film written and directed by Brian Gilbert. The film was a British and French co-production and was released in the US under the title "French Lessons". The story revolves around a young British girl who travels to Paris to go to college, and is determined to find the man of her dreams. It stars Jane Snowden as Jenny.
Plot.
The film tells the story of Jenny, a British teenager, who has left home for the first time and is going to college in Paris in the early 1960s. Soon she is smitten by a local Parisian. Although he is a romantic guy, Jenny wants him to prove his love by reciting a few lines to her from Romeo and Juliet, something he finds a tad idiotic. Jenny is crushed when he outright refuses, but later prevails. From then on she runs into situation after situation in dealing with her crazy friends, a few other young men who find her attractive and, lastly, her French host family headed over by a strict Madame Paroche who is none too pleased to see Jenny having any sort of social life whatsoever.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack includes 9 original instrumental compositions by Enya, 4 jazz standards performed by Jazz Club, and one song performed by Edith Piaf. Two songs composed and performed by Enya are included on the soundtrack, but not featured in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20723353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723353" title="Brain Slaves">
Brain Slaves

Brain Slaves were a band from Auckland, New Zealand, formerly called The Coshercot Honeys. They were acclaimed for their unique sound, which combines neo-psychedelia with garage rock, pop hooks, and syncopated grooves.
History.
After forming in late 2005 through The Coshercot Honeys performed shows throughout Auckland, and following some personnel changes in 2006 (the addition of second guitar and a new keyboardist, though still without a bass guitar), the band began to gain wider attention with high energy live shows and more experimental song writing. Reviewer Joanna Hunkin compared them with Franz Ferdinand. 
In April 2007 the song "We're All Lions" was played on Auckland student radio station 95bfm and other student radio throughout the country. The song rose to #1 on the 95bFM Top Ten chart and was nominated for three bNet awards including "Best Song" and "Best Pop Song".To follow up the single they released an E.P. of the same name distributed by Rhythm Method, which rose to #18 in the [http://www.muzic.net.nz/charts/c45541/imnz-independent-album-chart.html Independent New Zealand Charts. They released a video to accompany the single shot by Trophy Wife Productions [http://www.myspace.com/trophywifecollective]. In 2008 the band played a number of support slots including The Veils, Matt Costa and a national tour with Collapsing Cities. They also played alongside The Mint Chicks and The Checks (band) at Vodafone Homegrown on the Wellington Waterfront.
The band played at the Rhythm and Vines festival on 30 December 2008 alongside Franz Ferdinand, Late of the Pier, Santogold, and Public Enemy, and played again at the Vodafone Homegrown festival in March 2009.[http://www.homegrown.net.nz/page/43-Line-Up+Nokia-Indie-Rock-Stage]
Name change.
On 12 November 2008, New Zealand indie music website Cheese on Toast revealed the band had officially changed their name to Brain Slaves.This was confirmed on the band's [http://www.myspace.com/brainslaves myspace page. Brain Slaves explained they had been thinking about a name change for some time. About the same time a this occurred, new material in the form of small song snippets and videos appeared on Myspace and Youtube.
Breakup.
On 10 February 2010, the band announced that they had broken up, saying "The five of us have been the tightest crew, but we feel now that it is time to cut loose and experience life as individuals, not as five parts of one personality." The news was broken by a blogger on Isaaclikes.com, although the Brain Slaves asked him to withhold this information. They went on to say "Brainslaves were a band, but always will be five silly f***ers who love music and mayhem." They will release a free download pack with all their songs, the two music videos they made, and other footage.

</doc>
<doc id="20723396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723396" title="First Carnell Ministry">
First Carnell Ministry

The First Carnell Ministry was the fifth ministry of the Government of the Australian Capital Territory, and was led by Liberal Chief Minister Kate Carnell and her three successive deputies, Tony De Domenico, Gary Humphries and Trevor Kaine. It was sworn in on 15 March 1995 after Carnell led the Liberal Party to its first ever election victory in the 1995 Australian Capital Territory general election. (The party had previously held office in an Alliance with Residents Rally from 1989–91, with Kaine as Chief Minister, brought about as the result of a successful no-confidence motion in the Follett Labor government.)
Having won office with a clear majority, Carnell appointed a full ministry comprising Liberal member. Fellow newcomer Tony De Domenico was sworn in as Carnell's deputy, along with Bill Stefaniak as education minister. Gary Humphries was the sole returning minister from the Kaine government, appointed Attorney-General; Kaine himself, a factional opponent of Carnell, was left on the backbenches.
The ministry saw one major change, when in January 1997, Deputy Chief Minister Tony De Domenico suddenly resigned from parliament in order to take up an offer of a position in the private sector. Humphries, who had the support of Carnell, was sworn in as an interim deputy on 9 January, but was defeated by Kaine for the permanent position after fierce lobbying from Kaine and his allies within the party. Kaine subsequently returned to the ministry, taking on De Domenico's former portfolios as well as a role Minister Assisting the Treasurer (who at the time was Carnell).
The ministry lasted until 31 March 1998, when the Second Carnell Ministry was sworn in after the Carnell government's re-election at the 1998 election.
First arrangement.
This covers the period from 15 March 1995 (when the Ministry was sworn in) until 31 January 1997 when a significant reshuffle occurred. There were two minor changes during this period. Firstly, when, on 28 June 1996, Tony De Domenico was appointed to the new portfolio of Minister for Regulatory Reform. There were two slight changes with merging of ministries covering police and emergency service for Humphries and education and training for Steganiak. The second changed occurred on 9 January 1997, when Gary Humphries assumed responsibility as Deputy Chief Minister following the sudden announcement by Domenico that he was taking up an offer of a position in the private sector.
Second arrangement.
This covers the period from 31 January 1997 until 31 March 1998, when the Second Carnell Ministry was sworn in. During this period, the position of Deputy Chief Minister was hotly contested in a public factional battle between the opposing Carnell and Kaine factions. Humprhries was the Carnell faction candidate for Deputy Chief Minister. He was appointed initially by Carnell, on the resignation of De Domenico, but Kaine defeated Humphries in a party room vote. Carnell was forced to get Humprhries to stand aside for nearly three weesk until 17 February 2007, when they organised the factional numbers to roll Kaine. The only change in the ministry during this period was the position of Deputy Chief Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="20723413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723413" title="Možjanca">
Možjanca

Možjanca (; in older sources also "Možanca", ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas. It was built in 1871 at the location of an earlier church.

</doc>
<doc id="20723422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723422" title="Battle of Nitzanim">
Battle of Nitzanim

The Battle of Nitzanim was a battle fought between the Israel Defense Forces and the Egyptian Army in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, on June 7, 1948 (29 Iyar, 5708 in the Hebrew calendar). It was the first major Egyptian victory of the war, and one of the few cases of Israeli surrender.
The battle began on the night of June 6–7 with an artillery bombardment of Nitzanim, followed by an aerial bombardment and armored and infantry attacks. The main attack broke through the Israeli defenses at around 11:00; the Israelis retreated to a second position, and finally to a third position at 14:00. At 16:00, 105 Israelis surrendered to the Egyptian Army. Between June 7 and 10, the Battle of Hill 69 was fought nearby. The hill was captured by the Egyptians after a disorganized Israeli retreat.
Israelis viewed the surrender of Nitzanim as a humiliation, especially after the Givati Brigade published a leaflet denouncing the defenders. The residents of Nitzanim demanded a probe into the battle, and one was conducted by the General Staff, siding with the residents and coming to the conclusion that surrender was justified.
Background.
Kibbutz Nitzanim, founded in 1943, was an isolated Israeli village on the coastal plain, enclosed by the Arab localities of Isdud in the north, Majdal in the south, and Julis and Beit Daras in the east. It was meant to be part of the Arab state in the United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine. As such, Nitzanim was isolated after December 31, 1947. It was attacked many times in the first six months of the 1947–1948 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine by local irregulars. The Jewish defenders used old Italian World War I rifles and managed to repel the attacks. In March 1948, Haganah forces from the headquarters in Be'er Tuvia broke through to the village, but on the way back were ambushed and the Haganah commander of Nitzanim, Shlomo Rubinstein, was killed in action. On March 26 and April 20, organized Arab attacks took place, and were repelled by the villagers. The Niztanim collective was located 700 meters west of the coastal road. It expanse, 800m long and 400m wide, did not allow for the formation of a second line of defense. The farmstead buildings were mostly built in a ravine surrounded by hills from all sides. To the north lied the "graveyard ridge", a convenient location for observations. Near it lay a wadi crater stretching west and allowing a convenient advance toward the farmstead from the north. To the east, the farmstead bordered a destroyed British camp, which allowed for an enemy advance right up to the farmstead fence. About two kilometers to the northeast was Hill 69, a position commanding the entire surrounding area.
At noon on May 29, an observation post near Nitzanim reported that an Egyptian column of about 150 vehicles had passed along the coastal road to the north. The post later reported that 500 vehicles, an entire brigade, had been counted. The observers were not trained in identifying military vehicles, and excitedly miscounted the vehicles passing. They exaggerated the numbers when they reported to the Givati Brigade. The Egyptian Army set up a position in Isdud between May 29 and June 1, for what Israelis presumed at the time to be thrust to capture Tel Aviv. However, the Egyptian advance stopped at the Ad Halom Bridge (over the Lakhish River to the north of Isdud), which had been destroyed by the Givati Brigade on May 12. As they made logistical preparations to cross the river, the column was bombed and engaged in Operation Pleshet (June 2–3). The Egyptians therefore shifted their focus to clearing their flanks, focusing on Nitzanim as some of the injured Israelis who participated in Pleshet were evacuated there. While the nearby village of Beit Daras had been under Israeli control since May 11, there was no continuity with Nitzanim, as Hill 69, which separated the two villages, was not occupied. The Givati Brigade planned to capture the hill on the night of June 7–8, but did not anticipate the Egyptian attack on Nitzanim. The plan to capture the hill, however, was carried out on time.
Prelude.
Israel.
Until May 15, evacuation of noncombatants, including children, was generally opposed by the Yishuv leadership. It was argued that Israel's aim in the war was the continuation of normal life and that under the circumstances, it was impossible to draw a line between front and rear. It was also feared that combatants would follow the noncombatants and abandon the settlements. This position changed on May 15. Operation Tinok ("Baby") saw the evacuation of children from Nitzanim, Negba, Gat, Gal-On and Kfar Menahem by armored cars or by foot to places further north, where they were considered to be relatively safer. On the night of May 16–17, 35 children from Nitzanim were evacuated on foot to Be'er Tuvia. 
The Israeli defenders of Nitzanim consisted of two platoons from the Givati Brigade's 53rd Battalion, one of which was made up of new recruits, for a total of 74 soldiers. The recruits had been brought in from the reserve 58th Battalion during Operation Pleshet, in order to free up a more experience platoon from Nitzanim for the operation. There were also 67 local paramilitaries, ten of them women, for a total of 141 combatants. The force had seventy rifles, thirty submachine guns, four Bren light machine guns, a 4-inch mortar, one PIAT and a few grenades. Nitzanim had three elevations: the highest was in the northeast, where water towers were built; in the center was the dining hall; and to the south was the "Palace"/"Mansion", an abandoned Arab house which was higher than its surroundings. The three elevations were surrounded by a ring of positions connected by a series of communication ditches. The local commander divided his force into fourteen positions, maintaining a reserve force for reinforcement of weak points and counterattacks in case the Egyptians broke through the position line.
Egypt.
Having taken Yad Mordechai on May 23, the Egyptian force, under the command of Major General Ahmad Ali al-Mwawi went up along the coast and bypassed Nitzanim. After meeting with Israeli opposition near Ashdod, he decided to stop and consolidated his positions. Naguib was to dig in in Ashdod, another force was to attack Negba, while Mwawi himself would attack Nitzanim to eliminate its threat to his rear. The Egyptian Army set up its main position in the abandoned British military base just east of Nitzanim, with smaller positions in the Cemetery Hill to the northeast and the citrus grove in the south, thus surrounding the village. Mwawi took several days to carefully work out the attack. It was to be carried out in three phases: breakthrough and capture of the water tank hill, capture of the dining hall hill and capture of the "Palace". The Egyptian force consisted of the 9th Battalion, the 3rd Company of the 7th Battalion and a medium machine gun platoon. They were also joined by a tank platoon, an AFV company, 18 pieces of field artillery, 12 anti-tank guns, an anti-aircraft battery, and supported by combat aircraft.
Battle.
Nitzanim.
At midnight on July 6–7, Egyptian forces began a bombardment of Nitzanim from the Cemetery Hill using Bofors cannons and 25-pounders, and at 06:00, a close-range bombardment using anti-tank guns. All of the prominent features in the village were destroyed. An additional mortar bombardment took place from a southeastern position, and a 6-pounder shelling from the water tank hill in the south. Shortly after, an attack was attempted from the east, but it was repelled and the water tank hill remained under Israeli control.
At 08:00, the Egyptians began an aerial bombardment of the kibbutz, which came in three waves and continued until 10:15, at which time shelling continued in the form of 25-pounder fire from Majdal about 7 km away. At 11:00, the main thrust of infantry and four tanks commenced. The rest of the armored vehicles provided cover from the adjacent abandoned British base. The Israelis used the lone PIAT in their possession against the tanks and forced them to retreat, although the PIAT broke down and the Egyptian 1st Company (9th Battalion) managed to infiltrate the water tank hill.
Position 1 was destroyed and buried its inhabitants, who were in a state of shock when evacuated from the rubble. The telephone system was cut down. A machine gun, aimed at the planes, was hit by a shell. Most of the Israelis' firearms got dirty from the dust, and one machine gun broke down. Since the beginning of the attack, the signal operator tried to contact the 53rd Battalion headquarters at Beer Tuvia. At 10:00, she managed to get an SOS through before losing contact completely. Near 11:00, four Egyptian tanks were ordered to break through into the farmstead, followed by infantry. The tanks advanced from the northeastern corner of the camp, and were met by two Israelis armed with PIATs. They managed to hit the track of one of the tanks on the second shot. The tanks halted, but the PIAT soon broke down and its operator suffered a head wound. The tanks retreated and continued to shell the Israeli position. The Egyptian infantry kept advancing, taking over positions 10, 11, 12, and capturing the water tanks area. The Egyptians reported victory. Twelve Israelis were killed by the tank shells.
The Egyptians then started the second phase of their plan—taking over the northwestern position and the dining hall area. The 4th Company of the 9th Battalion used a tank which broke through the farmstead fence at 12:30 opposite position 8, in the center of Nitzanim's northern fence, after killing six out of the seven Israelis manning the position and blinding the seventh. Schwarzstein, until then posted in the northeastern corner of the smaller orchard, moved to the dining hall and the nearby residence area, which were surrounded by embankments. He was hoping to form a second line and ordered the men from positions 5, 6, and 7 in the north to move to the dining hall area. There, he organized the reserve forces who retreated from the cowshed and the men from the northern positions for defense.
The Egyptians commenced heavy shelling of the dining hall, and by 14:00, the defenders decided to retreat to the "Palace" in the south for a last stand. At 15:00, a retreat of all forces southwards from the village was attempted, but was stalled by the 2nd Company of the 9th Battalion situated in the citrus groves, that forced the Israelis back to the "Palace". 2–4 Israelis managed to hide in the groves and escape to Be'er Tuvia at night.
Throughout the battle, the Israeli forces tried to communicate with the rest of the army and request reinforcements, including three telegrams near the end of the battle, sent by the signal operator Miriam Ben-Ari. All attempts failed and reinforcements were not sent. The wounded commander, Avraham-Elkana Schwarzstein, carrying his bloodstained white shirt, and Ben-Ari, tried to negotiate with the Egyptians, but Schwarzstein was shot by an Egyptian officer. In response, Ben-Ari shot the one responsible and was killed on the spot. At 16:00 on June 7, 105 exhausted Israeli defenders, 26 of them injured, destroyed their remaining ammunition and equipment, and surrendered to the Egyptian forces. The Egyptians prevented their local auxiliaries from massacring all the prisoners, however, three or four of the defenders were killed after surrendering. Survivors were later "displayed" in a victory parade in Majdal, after which they were transferred to Cairo. In all, 33 were killed in the battle—17 soldiers and 16 villagers (of them 3 women).
Hill 69.
Three men managed to escape from Nitzanim during the day. They hid until nightfall and then infiltrated through the Egyptian lines until they reached the Givati outposts. They were not aware that Nitzanim had surrendered and the only information about it was received from Egyptian broadcasts, so the Givati commander Shimon Avidan found that out only that evening. Despite the fall of Nitzanim, he decided to attack on the night of June 7–8, as planned. One company took Hill 69 and positions to threaten the Egyptian lines at Isdud and prepared to recapture Nitzanim. Meanwhile, another, unsuccessful, attack was carried out against Isdud. Hill 69 was considered tactically important as an obstacle on the road to Isdud in face of the imminent truce.
On the night of June 9–10, Givati's 52nd Battalion, guided by two of the escapees, attacked Nitzanim. Zero hour was postponed after the attacking force lost its way. At dawn, the leading platoon managed to break into Nitzanim from the south and capture the "Palace", but was ordered to withdraw after being hit by heavy Egyptian fire, having lost the cover of darkness. The Egyptian artillery pursued the withdrawing Israeli force until it reached Hill 69. The 52nd Battalion forces were evacuated by armored vehicles, and soon after, the Egyptians attacked the hill, which was held by a company from the 51st Battalion. The ditches collapsed completely and the positions were destroyed. The large force that was concentrated on the hill suffered heavy casualties. The Egyptian infantry attacked from the west, supported from close range by Bren Carriers and armored cars. The Israeli company broke, and was ordered to retreat, but the withdrawal was disorganized and cost more casualties. The last Israeli to remain on the hill was an artillery observer, who ordered his guns to bring down fire on his own position, before being killed. The total Israeli death toll on the hill and the retreat from it was 20. The Egyptians tried to continue towards Beit Daras and Be'er Tuvia, but met with heavy opposition. At nightfall, they withdrew.
Aftermath.
The Battle of Nitzanim was one of the few Israeli surrenders during the war and was seen by many as humiliating. The 105 prisoners captured at Nitzanim constituted the majority of POWs captured by Egypt during the entire war. According to the POWs, the Egyptian media covered the event widely, writing that 300 Jews were killed in Nitzanim, that it was a major submarine base, and that much booty was captured, including oil and fuel. Yitzhak Pundak, the battalion commander who was directly responsible for the village's defense, claims that actions could have been taken to save it, including transferring "Napoleonchik" cannons to the site.
Following the capture of Hill 69, a major obstacle was removed for Egypt, which enabled it to attack Gal On and capture Gezer. When Givati finally reached Nitzanim after Operation Yoav, they found the village abandoned and largely destroyed, as the Egyptians retreated south to Gaza. The Israelis killed in action were buried in a mass grave in the village. The villagers who returned from captivity on March 7, 1949, as part of the 1949 Armistice Agreements, rebuilt Nitzanim on a site a few kilometers south of the original. The Nitzanim Youth Village was built in 1949 on the site of the battle, and closed in 1990, where Nitzan was founded later. The site was turned into a tourist attraction, featuring a visual presentation and various monuments, including the Women of Valor Center (, "Yad LeIsha Lohemet"), a monument for all female warriors killed in action in Israel's wars, especially the three in Nitzanim: Miriam Ben-Ari, the intern paramedic Shulamit Dorczin, and the 18-year-old Deborah Epstein who died of her wounds in captivity.
Reactions in Israel.
Abba Kovner, then the culture officer of the Givati Brigade, published a scathing leaflet denouncing the defenders. Nisan Reznik, who was one of the fighters in Nitzanim, and knew Kovner from before World War II, claimed that the letter was a result of egoism. Part of the leaflet read:
... The fighters on the southern front, soldiers of the brigade, defenders of the settlements! The hour of Nitzanim's surrender—is the hour of extreme grief and personal reflection—and a personal reflection says: One doesn't defend one's home conditionally. Defense means with all the forces at the command of one's body and soul, and if fate should so decree, it is better to fall in the trenches of the home than to surrender ... To surrender as long as the body lives and the last bullet breathes in the clip is a disgrace. To fall into the invader's captivity is shame and death!
  —Abba Kovner, partial text of the Givati leaflet, signed by Shimon Avidan.
As a result, Nitzanim's members demanded an investigation into the battle immediately after the war ended, claiming that Kovner significantly and unrightfully harmed their reputation. The investigation was headed by the Chief of Staff Ya'akov Dori, who sided with the defenders and wrote:
The difficult circumstances of the battle by the residents of Nitzanim, the bitter isolation of the combatants, the lack of communication with the rear-front, lack of ammunition and food, and due to the high number of casualties in that defense, brings honor to all those who fought bitterly there, until the last bullet. What happened in Nitzanim happened also to other places, the defenders of which fought bravely to the last option.
  —Ya'akov Dori
Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion also praised the defenders of Nitzanim. A thriller called "Target - Tel Aviv" () by Ram Oren was published in 2004, focusing on the battle and its aftermath.
In the historiography of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
In the historical debate about the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, Benny Morris takes the example of Nitzarim at two times to draw a comparison between Israeli and Arab attitudes during the war. He points out that:

</doc>
<doc id="20723440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723440" title="Martina Violetta Jung">
Martina Violetta Jung

Martina Violetta Jung (born 1963 in Wülfrath, Germany) is a visionary business woman, writer and speaker active across Europe. She has a proven management track record of bridging the gap between the facts- and figures driven business approach and having attention for all aspects of the human being (physical, mental, spiritual).
Martina Violetta Jung studied law at the universities of Passau and Münster in Germany and at the Wuhan University in the People’s Republic of China which she completed with a doctor degree on China’s foreign economic laws. She started her career as a lawyer specialising in mergers & acquisitions in China, working for Schön Nolte, today part of Latham & Watkins. After a number of years in international management positions (Hapag Lloyd, Ahlers LMS, etc.) she founded the company Universal Intelligence in Lier, Belgium. Here she developed and introduced the concept of Spiritual Intellingence in business, next to the IQ and EQ.
In 2007 she received the “Best Book” award from GetAbstract for her book “Being challenged”, known in leadership circles as “The Little White Book for Managers.”
From 2010 onwards, she publishes articles for the German Die Zeit online and she concentrates on being an author and public speaker. She is an active member of the Woman Speaker Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20723473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723473" title="Carnatic rāga">
Carnatic rāga

Carnatic rāga refers to "rāgas" used in Carnatic music. A Carnatic raga has several components - primordial sound ("nāda"), tonal system ("swara"), pitch ("śruti"), scale, ornaments ("gamaka") and important tones.
Origins and history.
Carnatic raga classification.
Janaka ragas (Melakarta ragas).
Janaka ragas are parent ragas from which more ragas are derived. They are also called Melakarta ragas. These ragas have all 7 swaras in their scales (only one of each swara, Sa, Ri, Ga, Ma, Pa, Dha, Ni), following strict ascending and descending scales and are sung in all octaves.
Janya ragas.
Janya ragas are derived from Janaka ragas (Melakarta ragas). They may have less than 7 notes in their scales, or have additional notes in them, zig-zag (vakra) notes that step and down, asymmetrical scales, etc. See full list of Janya ragas.
Components of Carnatic raga.
A Carnatic raga has several components - primordial sound ("nāda"), tonal system ("swara"), intervals ("shruti"), scale, ornaments ("gamaka") and important tones (vadi and samvadi).
Nāda.
An aim of composer-performers of the past and present is to realise nāda, however, the sound that is audible to human ears is only a fraction of primordial sound.
Swara.
The Carnatic tonal system consists of seven basic pitches, expressed by the solfa syllables: Sa ("shadja"), Ri ("rishabha"), Ga ("gandhara"), Ma ("madhyama"), Pa ("panchama"), Da ("dhaivata") and Ni ("nishadha").
Scale.
A Carnatic raga consists of an ascending and descending scale pattern (known as "aarohana" and "avarohana" respectively). Both ascent and descent should have at least five tones, although rarer ragas contain fewer tones. Scales establish rules for all performers to adhere to in melodic performance, and provide a tonal boundary. Typical scale features also act to help listeners identify ragas.
Gamaka.
"Gamaka", or ornamentation, is essential in Carnatic raga performance. Gamaka encompasses controlled shaking, articulating, sliding, glottal stops and other vocal or instrumental manipulation.
The swara and scale defines only the skeletal structure of a raga. The handling of "Gamaka" actually defines the raga.
Raga in improvisation.
Types.
Improvisation in "raga" is the soul of Indian classical music - an essential aspect. ""Manodharma sangeetham"" or ""kalpana sangeetham"" ("music of imagination") as it is known in Carnatic music, embraces several varieties of improvisation.
Raga Alapana.
An alapana, sometimes also called ragam, is the exposition of a raga or tone - a slow improvisation with no rhythm, where the raga acts as the basis of embellishment. In performing alapana, performers consider each raga as an object that has beginnings and endings and consists somehow of sequences of thought.
The performer will explore the ragam and touch on its various nuances, singing in the lower octaves first, then gradually moving up to higher octaves, while giving a hint of the song to be performed.
Niraval.
Niraval, usually performed by the more advanced performers, consists of singing one or two lines of a song repeatedly, but with a series of melodic improvised elaborations. The lines are then also played at different levels of speed which can include double speed, triple speed, quadruple speed and even sextuple speed.
Kalpanaswaram.
Kalpanaswaram, also known as swarakalpana, consists of improvising melodic and rhythmic passages using "swaras" (solfa syllables). Kalpanaswaras are sung to end on a particular swara in the raga of the melody and at a specific place ("idam") in the tala cycle. Generally, the swaras are sung to end on the "samam" (the first beat of the rhythmical cycle), and can be sung at the same speed or double the speed of the melody that is being sung, though some artists sing triple-speed phrases too.
Tanam.
Tanam is one of the most important forms of improvisation, and is integral to Ragam-Tanam-Pallavi. Originally developed for the veena, it consists of expanding the raga with syllables like "tha, nam, thom, aa, nom, na," etc.
Ragam-Tanam-Pallavi.
Ragam-Tanam-Pallavi is the principal long form in concerts, and is a composite form of improvisation. As the name suggests, it consists of raga alapana, tanam, and a pallavi line. Set to a slow-paced tala, the pallavi line is often composed by the performer. Through niraval, the performer manipulates the pallavi line in complex melodic and rhythmic ways. The niraval is followed by kalpanaswarams.
Learning and performing.
When learning a raga, it is never enough just to know the basic scale of the raga. In fact, different ragas can sometimes have the same scales. For example, the raga pairs Bhairavi and Manji, Mayamalavagowla and Nadanamakriya, Bilahari and Mand, Shankarabharanam and Kurinji, among others, have exactly the same scale, but are clearly distinct ragas due to the way the notes and musical phrases are rendered. In addition, the scale of the raga often does not offer insight into some of the subtleties of the raga, such as usage of gamakas, anya swaras, and ragabhavam. This is especially true for heavier ragas like Yadhukula Kambodhi, Thodi, Sahana, Huseni, Varali, etc.
An interesting case to observe is the similarity between the ragas Darbar and Nayaki. Both are upanga janyas of the 22nd mela Kharaharapriya, and have similar patterns in both their ascending and descending scales. However the two ragas are distinctly different, especially where the usage of the gandhara and nishada are concerned. When singing Darbar, these swaras are rendered more quickly with gamaka, and shine especially well when jante prayogas are used in the descending. On the other hand, these swaras are more elongated in Nayaki, as illustrated in the pallavi of Muttusvami Dikshitar's famous composition, RanganayakamBhavayeham.
The best way to learn a raga and account for all its subtleties, therefore, is to refer to compositions, which often contain a wealth of phrases that lend beauty to the raga. Before an artist attempts to sing a raga, he or she should be familiar with several compositions in that raga. He or she should have also listened to many different renderings of the raga by various artists, in order to get a better sense of how certain phrases can be applied.
Raga in non-classical traditions.
Raga in Harikatha.
The Harikatha tradition, which originated in the Indian state of Maharashtra, involves popular storytelling combined with dance and music. Krishna Bhagavathar, an exponent of Carnatic music, is responsible for creating the South Indian harikatha style - singing in raga, dancing with tala, and narrating stories in a manner that sustains the attention of the audience. In effect, harikatha is an art form that requires knowledge of raga, Carnatic music, dance, speech, diction and dramatic technique. Harikatha performance aims to communicate with non-literate and literate audiences.
Well-known harikatha performers had sound knowledge of Carnatic music in the early part of the 20th century - some were well established Carnatic musicians, while others were composers. Today, a few performers keep this tradition alive, and use ragas from both Carnatic music and Hindustani music traditions.
Raga and light classical music.
Raga in film songs.
Mand Raaga - Tu Chanda main Chandani (Reshma aur Shera)
http://www.asavari.org/songs.html

</doc>
<doc id="20723478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723478" title="Addison Peale Russell">
Addison Peale Russell

Addison Peale Russell (September 8, 1826 – July 24, 1912) was an American author of the later nineteenth century. He is remembered mainly for his "Sub-Coelum" — "his best book...a Utopian protest against materialistic socialism."
Russell was born in Ohio; his formal education ended with grammar school. At the age of sixteen he took a job as a printer for a newspaper; by nineteen he had worked his way up to editor and publisher of the Hillsboro, Ohio "News". He pursued a journalism career until he switched to politics and public service. He was made clerk of the Ohio Senate in 1850; he later represented Clinton County, Ohio in the Ohio House of Representatives in the 52nd General Assembly (1856–57) as a Republican, and was Ohio Secretary of State (1858–62). He was appointed Financial Agent for Ohio during the American Civil War, stationed in New York City. He retired from public office in 1868 to pursue literature. He wrote seven books:
Apart from his biographical survey of Thomas Corwin, an Ohio governor, Russell's books generally fall into the category of belles-lettres.

</doc>
<doc id="20723498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723498" title="Reverse transfection">
Reverse transfection

Reverse transfection is the invention and development of a microarray-driven gene expression system by Junald Ziauddin and David M. Sabatini in 2001. As DNA are printed on a glass slide for the transfection process (the deliberate introduction of nucleic acids into cells) to occur before the addition of adherent cells, the order of addition of DNA and adherent cells is reverse that of conventional transfection. Hence, the word “reverse” is used.
Process.
Transfection-mix preparation for slide printing.
A DNA-gelatin mixture may be used for printing onto a slide. Gelatin powder is first dissolved in sterile Milli-Q water to form a 0.2% gelatin solution. Purified DNA plasmid is then mixed with the gelatin solution, and the final gelatin concentration is kept greater than 0.17%. Besides gelatin, atelocollagen and fibronetin are also successful transfection vectors for introducing foreign DNA into the cell nucleus.
Slide printing of DNA-gelatin mixture.
After the DNA-gelatin mixture preparation, the mixture is pipetted onto a slide surface and the slide is placed in a covered petri dish. A desiccant is added to the dish to dry up the solution. Finally, cultured cells are poured into the dish for plasmid uptake. However, with the invention of different types of microarray printing systems, hundreds of transfection mixes (containing different DNA of interest) may be printed on the same slide for cell uptake of plasmids. There are two major types of microarray printing systems manufactured by different companies: contact and non-contact printing systems. 
An example of a non-contact printing system is the Piezorray Flexible Non-contact Microarraying System. It uses pressure control and a piezoelectric collar to squeeze out consistent drops of approximately 333 pL in volume. The PiezoTip dispensers do not contact the surface to which the sample is dispensed; thus, contamination potential is reduced and the risk of disrupting the target surface is eliminated. An example of a contact printing system is the SpotArray 72 (Perkin Elmer Life Sciences) contact-spotting system. Its printhead can accommodate up to 48 pins, and creates compact arrays by selectively raising and lowering subsets of pins during printing. After printing, the pins are washed with a powerful pressure-jet pin washer and vacuum-dried, eliminating carryover. Another example of a contact printing system is the Qarray system (Genetix). It has three types of printing systems: QArray Mini, QArray 2 and QArray Max. After printing, the solution is allowed to dry up and the DNA-gelatin is stuck tightly in position on the array.
HybriWell in reverse transfection.
First, adhesive from the HybriWell is peeled off and the HybriWell is attached over the area of the slide printed with the gelatin-DNA solution. Second, 200ul of transfection mix is pipetted into one of the HybriWell ports; the mixture will distribute evenly over the array. The array is then incubated, with temperature and time dependent on the cell types used. Third, the transfection mix is pipetted away and the HybriWell removed with a thin-tipped forceps. Fourth, the printed slide treated with transfection reagent is placed into a square dish with the printed side facing up. Fifth, the harvested cells are gently poured onto the slides (not on the printed areas). Finally, the dish is placed in a 37°C, 5% CO2 humidified incubator and incubated overnight.
Other reverse-transfection reagents.
Effectene Reagent is used in conjunction with the enhancer and the DNA condensation buffer (Buffer EC) to achieve high transfection efficiency. In the first step of Effectene–DNA complex formation, the DNA is condensed by interaction with the enhancer in a defined-buffer system. Effectene Reagent is then added to the condensed DNA to produce condensed Effectene–DNA complexes. The Effectene–DNA complexes are mixed with the medium and directly added to the cells.
Effectene Reagent spontaneously forms micelle structures exhibiting no size or batch variation (as may be found with pre-formulated liposome reagents). This feature ensures reproducibility of transfection-complex formation. The process of highly condensing DNA molecules and then coating them with Effectene Reagent is an effective way to transfer DNA into eukaryotic cells.
Advantages and disadvantages of reverse transfection.
The advantages of reverse transfection (over conventional transfection) are: 
The disadvantages of reverse transfection are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20723509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723509" title="William Mew">
William Mew

William Mew (Mewe) (1602 – 1669?) was an English clergyman, a member of the Westminster Assembly. He is known also for a drama, "Pseudomagia", and for the contribution to beekeeping of the design for a transparent hive.
Life.
Mew was a graduate of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he was admitted in 1618 and was B.A. in 1622. Mew held also a B.D. degree. "Pseudomagia", a Neo-Latin drama, is thought to have been performed at Emmanuel around 1626.
On 29 November 1643 he preached a fast-day sermon to Parliament, later printed as "The Robbing and Spoiling of Jacob and Israel". He is mentioned for constant attendance in the Westminster Assembly. He was approached to answer Milton's divorce tracts, as he wrote in 1659 to Richard Baxter. In this frank correspondence Baxter expressed his deepest fears and suspicions, becoming at one point (6 August 1659) "hysterical".
He became vicar of Eastington, Stroud in Gloucestershire, for which the patron was Nathaniel Stephens, a local MP and one of Oliver Cromwell's colonels. Previously he had been a lecturer in London. Known as a preacher, he conformed in 1662. He was a commissioner for Gloucestershire in 1654.
Mew's hive was made known by Samuel Hartlib. Mew's design followed a suggestion in Pliny and proved influential, being adapted by John Wilkins and Christopher Wren.

</doc>
<doc id="20723528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723528" title="826 Valencia">
826 Valencia

826 Valencia is a non-profit organization dedicated to helping children and young adults develop writing skills and to helping teachers inspire their students to write. It was the basis for the 826 National organization, which has centers on the United States with the same goal.
Overview.
Named for its street location in the Mission District of San Francisco, 826 Valencia was founded in 2002 by author Dave Eggers and veteran teacher Nínive Calegari, who both have ties to the literary and educational community. 826 consists of a writing lab, a street-front student-friendly pirate supply store that partially funds the programs, and two satellite classrooms in nearby middle schools. Over 1,400 volunteers—including published authors, magazine founders, SAT-course instructors, and documentary filmmakers—have donated their time to work with thousands of students. These volunteers allow 826 Valencia to offer all of its services for free.
826 Valencia's programming.
826 Valencia's programming includes:
In-schools programs
Workshops
Field trips
After-school tutoring
Student publishing
Pirate supply store.
826 Valencia runs San Francisco's "only independent pirate supply store." Located in the heart of San Francisco's Mission District, the store is the front entrance of the tutoring center and has the look and feel of an authentic pirate shop.
The store sells pirate clothing, eyepatches, compasses, spyglasses, pirate dice, skull flags, and secret treasures. It features handmade signs, scattered around the store, offering tongue-in-cheek wisdom, such as "Uses for Lard" (#5: "Lard Fights") and "Guidelines for New Shipmates" (#4: "No forgetting to swab"). Unsuspecting visitors are sometimes treated to surprise "moppings."
Shoppers can also find back issues of "McSweeney's Quarterly Concern", books published by McSweeney's, and literary compilations written by 826 Valencia students. The books of student writing published by 826 Valencia include forewords, illustrations and interviews from public figures such as Former San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom and actor Robin Williams.
The pirate supply store was originally created through necessity. After being turned down for regular use of church basements and school facilities, the founders discovered an empty store for sale on Valencia Street. The city ordinances stated that any businesses in that particular area of the city must be either retail or catering, so the Pirate Supply Store was developed as the "legitimate" business front for the writing center.
Mural.
Dave Eggers commissioned cartoonist Chris Ware to design the mural for the facade of 826 Valencia's building. The mural depicts "the parallel development of humans and their efforts at and motivations for communication, spoken and written." The 3.9m x 6m mural was applied by artisans to Ware’s specifications. Describing the work, Ware said "I didn’t want it to make anyone 'feel good', especially in that typically muralistic 'hands across the water' sort of way,"..."I especially wanted it to be something that people living in the neighbourhood could look at day after day and hopefully not tire of too quickly. I really hoped whomever might happen to come across it would find something that showed a respect for their intelligence, and didn’t force-feed them any 'message'."
Influence.
826 Valencia has inspired a number of other projects across the US, known as 'chapters'. In late 2004, just before the founding of four new chapters, 826 National was launched as an umbrella organization that provides logistical support to its chapters.
There are now eight chapters that make up 826 National: 826NYC in Brooklyn, New York, features a superhero-themed supply store, and another at 826 Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan is home to a robot store. The 826 Seattle writing center in Seattle's Greenwood neighborhood is host to the Greenwood Space Travel Supply Company. The Boston writing center is home to the Greater Boston Bigfoot Research Institute. Additional 826 chapters are located in Los Angeles (826LA) and Chicago (826CHI). 826DC in Washington, DC officially opened in 2010; it was formerly the Capitol Letters Writing Center.
826 Valencia has also inspired similar projects in both Ireland and the United Kingdom.
United States
Ireland
United Kingdom
Other
In April 2010, as an extension of the 826 Valencia scholarship program, Eggers launched ScholarMatch, a nonprofit organization that connects donors with students to make college more affordable.

</doc>
<doc id="20723529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723529" title="Canton Tower Station">
Canton Tower Station

Canton Tower Station () is an interchange station on Line 3 and Zhujiang New Town Automated People Mover Systems of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 December 2005. It is an underground station located to the south of Binjiang Road East () in Haizhu District, on the south bank of the Pearl River.
The station was previously called Chigang Pagoda Station (), named after the nearby Chigang Pagoda which, despite being a relatively lesser-known architectural heritage in Guangzhou, was the only recognisable structure in the immediate vicinity when the station was constructed. However, after the station was opened, the Canton Tower, a new TV and sightseeing tower, was built directly above it. This iconic piece of architecture quickly became the city's new landmark, so the name of the station was changed to Canton Tower Station in December 2013 before line 6 was opened. It is the first station built for sightseeing purposes in the Guangzhou Metro system. The station is connected to an underground APM system which provides quick access to the Zhujiang New Town CBD across the river.

</doc>
<doc id="20723531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723531" title="Application for employment">
Application for employment

An application for employment, job application, or application form (often simply called an application) is a form or collection of forms that an individual seeking employment, called an applicant, must fill out as part of the process of informing an employer of the applicant's availability and desire to be employed, and persuading the employer to offer the applicant employment.
Definition.
From the employer's perspective, the application serves a number of purposes. These vary depending on the nature of the job and the preferences of the person responsible for hiring, as "each organization should have an application form that reflects its own environment". At a minimum, an application usually requires the applicant to provide information sufficient to demonstrate that he or she is legally permitted to be employed. The typical application also requires the applicant to provide information regarding relevant skills, education, and previous employment. The application itself is a minor test of the applicant's literacy, penmanship, and communication skills - a careless job applicant might disqualify themselves with a poorly filled-out application.
The application may also require the applicant to disclose any criminal record, and to provide information sufficient to enable the employer to conduct an appropriate background check. For a business that employs workers on a part-time basis, the application may inquire as to the applicant's specific times and days of availability, and preferences in this regard. It is important to note, however, that an employer may be prohibited from asking applicants about characteristics that are not relevant to the job, such as their political view or sexual orientation.
For white collar jobs, particularly those requiring communication skills, the employer will typically require applicants to accompany the form with a cover letter and a résumé. However, even employers who accept a cover letter and résumé will frequently also require the applicant to complete a form application, as the other documents may neglect to mention details of importance to the employers. In some instances, an application is effectively used to dissuade "walk-in" applicants, serving as a barrier between the applicant and a job interview with the person with the authority to hire.
For many businesses, applications for employment can be filled out online, and do not have to be submitted in person. However, it is still recommended that applicants bring a printed copy of their application to an interview.
Application blanks are the second most common hiring instrument next to personal interviews. Companies will occasionally use two types of application blanks, short and long. They both help companies with initial screening and the longer form can be used for other purposes as well. The answers that applicants choose to submit are helpful to the company because they can become an interview question for that applicant at a future date.
Application blanks can either be done by hand or electronically, depending on the company. When submitting an application blank typically companies will ask you attach a one-page cover letter as well as a resume. Applicants tend to make the mistake of sharing too much information with the company and their application will be immediately overlooked. Offering too much information gives the company a bigger opportunity to find something they do not like. Please ask or find a copy of the job ad before applying for a job to make sure you list your key skills and expertise that matches the job you are applying for first on your job application, resume and cover letter to help you not list too much information. Companies are not allowed to ask certain questions in person or on an application such as age, health status, religion, marital status, about children, race, height, weight, or whom you live with.
Application Sections.
Applications usually ask the applicant at the minimum for your name, phone number, and address. In addition to this applications also ask for previous employment information, educational background, emergency contacts, references, as well as any special skills the applicant might have.
The three categories application fields are very useful for discovering are; physical characteristics, experience, and socio-environmental factors.
Physical Characteristics.
If the company has a bona fide occupational qualification (BFOQ) to ask regarding a physical condition, they may ask questions about it. Such as:
The job requires a lot of physical labor. Do you have any physical problems that may interfere with this job?
Experience.
Experience requirements can be separated into two groups on an application, work experience and educational background. Educational background is important to companies because by evaluating applicants’ performance in school tells them what their personality is like as well as their intelligence. Work experience is important to companies because it will inform the company if the applicant meets their requirements. Companies are usually interested when applicants were unemployed and when/why the applicant left their previous job.
Socio-environmental qualifications.
Companies are interested in the applicant’s socio-environment because it can inform them of their personality, interest, and qualities. If they are extremely active within an organization, that may demonstrate their ability to communicate well with others. Being in management may demonstrate their leadership ability as well as their determination and so on.
Photograph.
Customs vary internationally when it comes to the inclusion or non-inclusion of a photograph of the applicant. In the English-speaking countries, notably the United States, this is not customary, and books or websites giving recommendations about how to design an application typically advise against it unless explicitly requested by the employer. In other countries, for instance Germany, the inclusion of a photograph of the applicant is still common, and many employers would consider an application incomplete without it.

</doc>
<doc id="20723542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723542" title="Vantaa Chamber Choir">
Vantaa Chamber Choir

Vantaa Chamber Choir is a Finnish mixed choir which was established in 1986. 

</doc>
<doc id="20723565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723565" title="Scintillation proximity assay">
Scintillation proximity assay

Scintillation proximity assay, commonly known as SPA, is a type of technology that is used to assay development and biochemical screening which permit the rapid and sensitive measurement of a broad range of biological processes in a homogeneous system.
The type of beads that are involved in the SPA are microscopic in size and within the beads itself, there is a scintillant which emits light when it is stimulated. Stimulation occurs when radio-labelled molecules interact and bind to the surface of the bead. This interaction will trigger the bead to emit light, which can be detected using a photometer.
Overview.
The SPA technique is dependent on the energy conversion of radioactive decay, which releases light photons which can be detected via the use of some devices such as the photomultiplier tubes of scintillation counters or CCD imagers. This is a very popular technique in practices that require detecting and quantifying radioactivity.
The process of converting radioactivity to light requires a liquid medium of scintillation combination consisting soluble organic scintillators and organic solvents. During the process of radioactive decay, a beta particle will be released. While this particle travels in the medium, the energy it possesses is dissipated as it collides with the surrounding molecules in the solvent, exciting them while doing so. The excited molecules will transfer the energy they now possess to the scintillator molecules, where the energy will be emitted as light.
Detail.
In more detail, when the radio-labelled molecule is attached or is in proximity to bead, light emission is stimulated. However, if the bead does not become bound to the radio-labelled molecule, the bead will not be stimulated to emit light. This is because the energy released from the unbound molecule is not strong enough to excite the SPA bead which is not then stimulated to produce a signal.
The decay of radioactive atom releases electrons as one of the subatomic particles. The energy of these particles influences the distance travelled by the particles itself through a medium such as water. This influence of the energy or the limitation of the water is what this SPA method is dependent upon.
For instance, the decay of a Tritium atom releases a beta particle. Tritium is highly recommended as it suits SPA very well. It is due to the 1.5 µm path length through water, which is very short. So, when the ß-particle is within that particular range of 1.5 µm with the scintillant bead, there is sufficient energy to stimulate the bead to emit light. If the distance between them is greater than 1.5 µm, then the ß-particle is incapable of travelling the required distance to stimulate the bead as it has insufficient energy.
The beads in SPA are formed from the incorporation of scintillant into small beads known as fluomicrospheres. These are specially designed to bind with specific molecules. When the bead is in close proximity to the radioactive molecule, light is stimulated.
The photonmultiplier tube (PMT) can be used to detect the emitted photons. This device converts the emitted photon energy into electrical energy by a photocathode via a series of other electrodes. Another device is known as CCD Imager, which is composed of a set of cooled digital cameras with sensitive charge coupled device detectors and with some refined telecentric lenses to convert the captured photon energy into high quality images.
There is also an assortment of bead coatings available that allows this method to be applied to a broad range of applications, such as enzyme assays and radio-immuno assays.
Advantages over previous methods.
In comparison to the previous over-coated plate-based methods, SPA has a number of advantages that makes it more popular:

</doc>
<doc id="20723578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723578" title="Nova Vas, Preddvor">
Nova Vas, Preddvor

Nova Vas (; , ) is a settlement north of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20723584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723584" title="Wolfgang Gast">
Wolfgang Gast

Wolfgang Gast (14 February 1919 — 8 May 1988) was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross in July 1944.
Obersturmführer Gast was the commander of the II Battalion, 2nd SS Artillery Regiment, "Das Reich", when he was awarded the Knight's Cross. The Cross recognized extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20723585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723585" title="Trinity Theological College">
Trinity Theological College

Trinity Theological College may refer to a number of colleges with the same name in many parts of the world: 

</doc>
<doc id="20723590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723590" title="James Duff Brown">
James Duff Brown

James Duff Brown (1862–1914) was a British librarian, information theorist, music biographer and educationalist. Most of his life was spent in London.
Biography.
He was born in Edinburgh, but after beginning his library career in Glasgow, he subsequently moved to London, and worked in Clerkenwell for the Metropolitan Borough of Finsbury. He devised three classification systems: Quinn/Brown (1898), Adjustable classification (1898) and Subject Classification (1906). The latter system was for municipal libraries and was informed by his advocacy of open shelf access of books in the UK. Indeed he was "pioneer of this new system [while he was librarian of Clerkenwell, where the first experiment in open access was launched in May, 1893". This was referred to as "safe guarded open access". Alongside his classification work, he produced a standard textbook on librarianship (the "Manual of Library Economy"). In 1898 he was threatened with a libel action by Charles Goss, over a polemic defending open access, and he was forced to apologise. He further contributed to theoretical journals and also produced correspondence courses in librarianship "upon which most British librarians depended for their professional studies until the 1930s". As Librarian in the Metropolitan Borough of Islington he largely built up their collection and service.
Ideas.
His work in classification attempted to deal with the problem of the shelf arrangement of interdisciplinary works, and how to ensure that works on the same topic would be found in the same place. Part of his attempt to deal with this was to create synthesised notation (a rarity among classification systems in his day) to allow composite classmarks to be created.
Clare Beghtol notes "He tried to bring all works on a concrete topic together notationally so that, for example, "at E917 for Coffee must be collected everything related to coffee, regardless of standpoint, form or other qualification but it must not be put under such headings as Tropical Agriculture, Beverages, Crops, Foods, Drugs, Ethics, Bibliography, Customs, or any other general head.""

</doc>
<doc id="20723591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723591" title="Hands on in Between">
Hands on in Between

Hands on In Between is a remix album from Paul van Dyk, released on November 24, 2008. This album consists of two CDs of remixed songs featured on the original "In Between" album in 2007. Selections from this album were remixed by various trance artists in the scene. It also includes the winning remix from van Dyk's "Far Away Remix Competition" featured on Beatport earlier in the year. The winning remix was promised a release, in which progressive trance producer Mateo Murphy was given the honour. As well as a release on the "Far Away" single, his remix made it onto this compilation too.
The title of the album refers to the fact that many people have been "hands on" in producing remixes for songs on the "In Between" album. Some of the trance scene's current greats have given refreshed sounds such as Alex M.O.R.P.H., Tom Colontonio, Re:Locate, Jon O'Bir, Greg Downey, Kyau & Albert, and Reaves & Ahorn to name but a few. Stylistically this double CD edition ventures into the more popular styles of trance from progressive trance to tech trance and uplifting trance.
The Asian Edition.
"Hands on In Between" was also released in Hong Kong on 23 September 2008 again consisting of two CDs, but with a slightly different tracklisting. The first disc contains the same tracklisting as the U.S. edition, except for the second disc, which is the CD Single of Paul van Dyk's single "Let Go".
The MP3 Edition.
Released on digital format on 1 September 2008 on Paul van Dyk's own German label Vandit, this release only consists of the first disc out of the 2CD edition.

</doc>
<doc id="20723592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723592" title="Hobart Rivulet">
Hobart Rivulet

The Hobart Rivulet flows down from Mount Wellington and underneath the city of Hobart into the River Derwent. 
The rivulet was an important source of drinking water for the Mouheneener Aborigines, and later for the first European settlers. The site for Hobart was originally chosen in part due to the availability of fresh water from the rivulet. Because of the pure water of the upper portion of the rivulet, the Cascade Brewery was built beside it. There were several typhoid epidemics during the late 19th century due to poor water quality further downstream. It was also an important source of energy for early industry in Hobart.
The lower portion of the rivulet has been piped through the city and runs below the central city area. Regular tours of the rivulet take place under the CBD. The sandstone Wellington Bridge (1841) over the rivulet lies under the Elizabeth Street Mall, and is visible through a viewing portal there.

</doc>
<doc id="20723596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723596" title="Elgin Falls">
Elgin Falls

Elgin Falls is a waterfall in Sri Lanka, located in the Elgin tea estate which is 18 km from the city of Nuwara Eliya, Sri Lanka. The waterfall is 25m in height. Elgin Falls named after Elgin major town of Moray in Scotland. the falls is at about 1,900m above sea level. There are several ways to access the waterfall. When traveling by railway between Nanu Oya and Ambewela the falls can be seen picturesquely.

</doc>
<doc id="20723627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723627" title="Potoče, Preddvor">
Potoče, Preddvor

Potoče () is a settlement in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Just outside the settlement stands Turn Castle, the birthplace of Josipina Turnograjska.
The local church, built on a hill above the settlement, is dedicated to Saint James.

</doc>
<doc id="20723638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723638" title="Lois McDonall">
Lois McDonall

Lois Jeanette McDonall (born in Larkspur, Alberta on February 7, 1939) is a Canadian operatic soprano, especially known for her performances in the operas of Mozart and Donizetti.
Early life and education.
Lois McDonall began her vocal training in Edmonton with Eileen McEcheran. She also studied with Glyndwr Jones in Vancouver. After winning the Metropolitan Regional Opera Auditions in Seattle, Washington Lois McDonall was encouraged to seek a career in opera. On the recommendation of Irving Gutmann, she was connected with the University of Toronto where she studied with Herman Geiger-Torel, Irene Jessner and Jacqueline Richard.
Career.
Lois McDonall made her Canadian Opera Company debut between 1967-9. Her early roles included: Susanna in Wolf-Ferrari's "Il Segreto di Susanna" and Kate Pinkerton in Puccini's "Madame Butterfly". She then went onto the Stadische Buhren in Flensburg, Germany where she played the demanding title role in Puccini's "Tosca" and Elsa in Wagner's "Lohengrin". In 1970, McDonall became a resident artist at the Sadler's Wells Opera (now the English National Opera). She appeared on short notice in the title role of Handel's "Semele" when the lead soprano became ill during the first act. During that season, McDonall sang many performances of Constanze in "The Abduction from the Seraglio" by Mozart. In following seasons she performed Fiordiligi from "Così fan tutte", the Countess in "Le nozze di Figaro", Roselinda in "Die Fledermaus", Antonia in "The Tales of Hoffmann", Leonora in "Il trovatore", Freia in "Das Rheingold", Hanna in "The Merry Widow", the title role in Massenet's "Manon", Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier", Violetta in "La traviata", Miss Jessel in "The Turn of the Screw" and she created the title role in Iain Hamilton's "Anna Karenina". Lois McDonall spent 14 years as a resident artist with the English National Opera. In addition to her tenure at the ENO, McDonall made appearances at the Scottish Opera, the Welsh Opera, Opera North and the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, where she made her debut in 1975 in Richard Strauss' opera Die Frau ohne Schatten. She had performances in Canada in the 1974 Festival Canada as the Countess and in 1975 with the COC in Die Fledermaus and Donna Anna in "Don Giovanni" at the Edmonton Opera in 1977. McDonall returned to live in Canada in 1984 and appeared as the Countess in The Marriage of Figaro at the Hamilton Opera. In 1988, she sang the title role in Fedora with Opera in Concert. She also sang in the COC's production of "Andrea Chénier" in 1989.
Operatic roles.
Lois McDonall has performed over 40 principal roles. Some of these roles include:
Iain Hamilton and other contemporary music premieres.
Lois McDonall has premiered the works of several composers. Among these, most notably is the British Composer, Iain Hamilton. He wrote a few pieces specifically for her voice. These include the opera "Anna Karenina", which was commissioned by the English National Opera in 1978; the "Passion According to St. Mark's", commissioned by the London Chorale in 1982; and "Cleopatra", a dramatic "Scena for Soprano" which was premiered by the BBC Symphony Orchestra at the 1978 Proms. Lois McDonall also created the role of Mrs. Medlock in Stephen McNeff's "The Secret Garden" for the COMUS Music Theatre in 1985.
Teaching career.
Lois McDonall has taught at The Banff Centre in Alberta. She taught at the Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto from 1986–1992 and taught at the University of Toronto until 2001. Now-prominent students include soprano Othalie Graham, Jackalyn Short, Elliot Madore, Stephen Harland, and Andrea Ludwig. Today Lois McDonall is retired and lives in Toronto Ontario, Canada. She is a prolific composer and teaches piano to youth and Opera.
Recordings.
These are McDonall's recordings:

</doc>
<doc id="20723667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723667" title="Francis McGuinness">
Francis McGuinness

Francis McGuinness (1868 – 30 November 1934) was an Irish politician. He was elected as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 3rd Dáil at the 1922 general election for the Longford–Westmeath constituency. He stood as a Cumann na nGaedheal candidate at the 1923 general election but was not elected. He was elected to the Seanad for 9 years in 1925 and did not seek re-election in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="20723687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723687" title="Mary Gallagher">
Mary Gallagher

Mary Gallagher is an American playwright, screenwriter, novelist, actress, director and teacher. For six years, she was artistic director of Gypsy, a theatre company in the Hudson Valley, New York, which collaborated with many artists to create site-specific mask-and-puppet music-theatre with texts and lyrics by Gallagher. These pieces included "Premanjali and the 7 Geese Brothers", "Ama" and "The Scottish Play". In 1996-97, she directed the Playwrights Workshop at the University of Iowa, and she taught playwriting and screenwriting at New York University/Tisch School of the Arts from 2001 to 2010. She is a member of Actors & Writers, a theater company in the Hudson Valley, and the Ensemble Studio Theater in New York City. She is an alumna of New Dramatists, where she developed many of her plays and created and moderated the series, "You Can Make a Life: Conversations with Playwrights" from 1994 to 2001. 
Plays.
Mary Gallagher’s plays "Father Dreams", "Little Bird", "Chocolate Cake", "Buddies", "Dog Eat Dog", "Love Minus", "How To Say Goodbye", "De Donde?" and "Windshook" have been published by Dramatists Play Service and produced at such theatres as the American Conservatory Theater, Actors Theatre of Louisville, Hartford Stage Company, the Alley Theatre, the Main Street Theatre and the Cincinnati Playhouse; in NYC at the Vineyard Theatre, The American Place Theatre, the Ensemble Studio Theatre, the Women’s Project, HOME, the Provincetown Playhouse and the New York Shakespeare Festival; and in many other countries. "De Donde?" was published in "American Theater" in 1989. "Windshook" was published in "New Plays from Act’s Young Conservatory Vol. I" and "Best Plays by Women 1996". Many of Gallagher’s short plays are anthologized, including "Perfect", "Sandwich", "Brother" and "Bedtime".
Screenplays.
Her screenplays for Paramount, MGM, HBO, NBC, CBS, Lifetime, and Showtime include "Nobody's Child" (CBS), co-written by Ara Watson and directed by Lee Grant (Writers Guild Award, Emmy for Marlo Thomas); "Bonds of Love" (CBS), starring Treat Williams, Kelly McGilliss and Hal Holbrook (Best TV Movie of the Year, Banff International Television Festival); and "The Passion of Ayn Rand", starring Helen Mirren, Peter Fonda and Eric Stoltz, which premiered at Sundance and aired on Showtime (Emmy for Mirren, Golden Globe for Fonda). Gallagher was also a staff writer for "Jojo's Circus", a hit stop-motion animation show on the Disney Channel.
Fellowships and honors.
She has been awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship, a Rockefeller Fellowship, the Susan Smith Blackburn Prize, the Rosenthal New Play Prize, the Writers Guild Award, and three fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts.
Theatrical premiers.
Most of these plays are in print and continue to be produced in the U.S. and other countries:

</doc>
<doc id="20723690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723690" title="Madavoor-Pallickal">
Madavoor-Pallickal

Demographics.
Its located in the road connecting Kilimanoor & Parippalli.
Gramapanchayat.
Local Self Government of Madavoor consists of 15 elected members. The office is located at Mavinmoode,near N.S.S.H.S.madavoor.panchayat president Adv.c.Ravindran unnithan.
Krishi Bhavan.
Krishi Bhavan is located at Madavoor Chandamukku. The office is headed by an Agricultural Officer, assisted by three Agricultural Assistants. The office has mandate over 120 Hectares of Paddy cultivation and other crops in the area. Rubber has emerged has the major crop crushing the status of Coconut. Coconut gardens are massively replanted with Rubber due to the high returns fetched by this crop. The conversion is hastened by the Gramapanchayats aid to cut and remove coconut (diseased) trees. Farmers have utilised the root wilt eradication programme to eradicate coconut and establish Rubber.Rather rubber and coconut,banana and rice are also grown.
N.S.S.H.S.Madavoor.
School established on 1962.
H.S & U.P.section.
Only one HS in Madavoor Panchayat.the biggest schhool in the madavoor panchayat.Situated opposite to l.p.s school madavoor. It has a ground measuring over 300mtrs.

</doc>
<doc id="20723699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723699" title="Radhey Shyam">
Radhey Shyam

Radhey Shyam Bijarnia was an Indian basketball player who represented India at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1982 Asian Games in Delhi. He was a recipient of the Arjuna Award for his achievements. He died in 2005 at the age of 54 at his native village Sri Madhopur in Rajasthan. his brother's name is rajesh bijarnia from MBM Engineering College Jodhpur.

</doc>
<doc id="20723710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723710" title="Madavoor">
Madavoor

Madavoor may refer to several places in Kerala, India:

</doc>
<doc id="20723740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723740" title="Brian Gomm">
Brian Gomm

Brian Arthur Gomm, born at Castle Cary, Somerset on 24 June 1918 and died at Peterborough on 23 April 1995, was a cricketer who played two first-class matches for Somerset in 1939.
Gomm batted at No 8 in the first Somerset innings of the match against Essex at Wells, and at No 4 in the second innings. In a very low-scoring game, in which Somerset's two innings only totalled 123 runs, he made 0 and 5. In Somerset's next match, against Northamptonshire at Northampton, Gomm batted at No 9 and scored 2, but was not called upon in the second innings. He bowled three eight-ball overs without success. He batted right-handed, and bowled left-arm medium pace. 
In 1949 and 1950, he played in non-first-class matches for The Army as a batsman only, scoring 84 in one innings against the Royal Air Force at Lord's.
Military career.
Gomm was listed in the London Gazette in 1941 as a second lieutenant with the Indian Armoured Corps in the Indian Army. He was transferred in 1942 to the Royal Corps of Signals. He remained with the Royal Corps of Signals into postwar peacetime and eventually retired with the rank of Major in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20723765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723765" title="Spodnja Bela">
Spodnja Bela

Spodnja Bela (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20723784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723784" title="Amy Spencer">
Amy Spencer

Amy Spencer (born 19 September 1985) is a retired English sprinter.
She was born in Wigan, and came to fame as a teenager. In 1998 she won a British U13 best for 80m and the next year won the AAA U15 200m title. In 2001, she was voted BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
She specialized in the 200 metres, and won the silver medal at the 2001 World Youth Championships and finished seventh at the 2002 World Junior Championships. At the 2002 World Junior Championships she also won a bronze medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay and a silver medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay. In 2003 she competed at the 2003 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final and finished fourth at the 2003 European Junior Championships.
Her personal best time was 23.20 seconds, achieved on the indoor track in March 2003 in Birmingham. Her outdoor personal best was 23.45 seconds. She also had 11.66 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in June 2001 in Mannheim.
"Athletics Weekly" revealed that Spencer quit athletics in 2005. She ran with the Belgrave Harriers club.
Her younger brother, Tom, is a professional rugby league player who made his senior debut for Wigan Warriors in Super League in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20723788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723788" title="Srednja Bela">
Srednja Bela

Srednja Bela (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Giles.

</doc>
<doc id="20723796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723796" title="Trent Gamble">
Trent Gamble

Trent Ashford Gamble (born July 24, 1977 in Denver, Colorado) is a former American football safety of the National Football League. He was signed by the Miami Dolphins as an undrafted free agent in 2000. He played college football at Wyoming. Played high school at Ponderosa High School in Parker,Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20723799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723799" title="Sub-Coelum">
Sub-Coelum

Sub-Coelum: A Sky-Built Human World is an 1893 utopian fiction written by Addison Peale Russell. The book is one volume in the large body of utopian, dystopian, and speculative literature that characterized the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
Genre.
Scholar of the genre Jean Pfaelzer has described "Sub-Coelum" as a "conservative utopia," a book written in reaction to the multiple radical implications of the utopian fiction of Edward Bellamy and similar writers. While some skeptics of utopianism responded with dystopian satires and parodies, others, like Russell, answered with speculative fictions of their own that defended more conservative values. (Pfaelzer places John Macnie's "The Diothas" and John Jacob Astor IV's "A Journey in Other Worlds" in the same category.) "Sub-Coelum" has been called "a protest against the materialistic and socialistic tendencies of the times."
Form.
"Sub-Coelum" has been termed a novel, for want of a better classification — though it is that unusual type of novel that has no plot or characters. It might more accurately be called a fantasy or a meditation on society and human affairs. The book is divided into 146 short chapters; most are a page or two in length. The style is sometimes elaborate and eloquently descriptive:
It can also be pithy and aphoristic: "Sarcasm was not often indulged, and only then between close friends." At some points the prose rises to a pitch of ecstasy or delirium:
Some critics complained about the book; a Yale reviewer noted its "vagueness and indefiniteness..." Russell's imagined land has been grouped with "Altruria, Equitania...or even Meccania" (the fantasy countries of William Dean Howells, Walter O. Henry, and Owen Gregory respectively).
Moral matters.
Pfaelzer calls "Sub-Coelum" "an early behaviorist utopia..." There is much "individuality" in Russell's projected social order, but little privacy; the people are close observers of each other. Artists who offend are jailed. Russell places a high value on sexual restraint. "Purity, of all things, was most jealously guarded. The incorrigibly impure were locked up forever. Men and women, as to that, were treated alike by the police and by the courts." To obtain a marriage license, a couple must answer a long series of questions, under oath.
On the positive side, material and mechanical progress continue; the workday is shortened, and extremes of wealth and poverty are leveled out. Even racism is overcome. Surprisingly for the era of Jim Crow and anti-miscegenation laws, Russell appears to endorse inter-racial marriage: "Race prejudices gradually gave way, and bigotries. Fibres intermingled and blood interfused. Distinctions were obliterated by intermarriage."
As with race, so with gender: Russell's moralizing and idealizing tendency produces an unexpected result. "Men, many of them, changed places with women, and became essentially domestic. Household duties, in a great degree, had passed into their hands. They discovered a fondness for them, as to the other sex they became distasteful." "As far as possible woman was emancipated from menial duties." The country's doctors are women.
Russell consistently contrasts the past of Sub-Coelum, when things were less good, with the happier present. In the past, the nation may have had inferior clergy, and corrupt lawyers, and vain and foolish social customs — but moral reformation has brought about improvement. In this way, Russell contrasts actual aspects of American culture in his age, with his vision of how things should be.
In Russell's imaginary country, "The vices, in a great measure, had been eliminated, or had died out." This includes alcohol abuse and tobacco, gambling and prize fighting. "Increase of common sense and practical wisdom was a marked result of the new life." Yet (with the vagueness cited by the Yale critic) Russell never explains how this renovation in human nature comes about.
Eccentricities.
Russell also loads his fantasia with a fair share of oddities. The people of Sub-Coelum slaughter their chickens humanely, with guillotines. They keep "intelligent monkeys," along with monkey hospitals and monkey temples. They add trees and shrubs to the native forests, "to give greater variety." Squirrels are domesticated. Cemeteries are the most beautiful places in the sky-built land, and birds are lured into nesting on the graves. Snoring, whistling, and bell-ringing have been banished from society. The Sub-Coelumites have exceptionally good teeth; they train their pigs to eat in moderation.
The book is full of animals. In addition to the squirrels and monkeys, Russell includes passages on bees, butterflies, dogs, horses, orangutans, snakes, insects, and microscopic life. A ten-page chapter, the book's longest, extols the amazing qualities of rats.

</doc>
<doc id="20723817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723817" title="1989 Australian Touring Car season">
1989 Australian Touring Car season

The 1989 Australian Touring Car season was the 30th year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
There were 12 touring car race meetings held during 1990; an eight round series, the 1989 Australian Touring Car Championship (ATCC); a support programme event at the 1989 Australian Grand Prix and three long distance races, nicknamed 'enduros'.
Results and standings.
Race calendar.
The 1989 Australian touring car season consisted of 12 events.
Yokohama Cup Group A Race.
This meeting was a support event of the 1989 Australian Grand Prix.
References.
Linked articles contain additional references.

</doc>
<doc id="20723824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723824" title="Zgornja Bela">
Zgornja Bela

Zgornja Bela (; ) is a settlement west of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20723832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723832" title="Alexander Aas">
Alexander Aas

Aas has been capped by Norway 8 times, scoring 1 goal.
He is known for his long throw-ins.
Career.
Odd Grenland.
Alexander Aas came to Odd Grenland from Skiens Grane as a junior player. He got called up to
the main squad in 1996 and made his debut against Hamarkameratene. He played 3 games
during his first season with Odd Grenland (2 league and 1 cup match). At the end of August 1996
he broke his ankle during a training session.
In April 1997 he broke his leg. In 1998 he had his breakthrough in Odd Grenland and played all 26 league matches and
scored 2 goals and helped Odd Grenland secure a spot in Tippeligaen 1999. He also got a spot on the Norway national under-21 football team. Alexander won the 2000 Norwegian Football Cup Final with Odd Grenland. The team's first cup championship in 39 years. In 2000 he had a trial with Southampton.
On September 20, 2001 he was in the starting line-up for Odd Grenland when they played
their first match in the UEFA Cup against Helsingborg. The match ended 2-2 on Odd stadion
and they played 1-1 in Helsingborg. Odd Grenland lost on away goals.
He went on a 10 day trial with Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2004 and played one game for their reserve team.
Odense BK.
In January 2005 he signed a two-year contract with Odense. In the summer of 2006, Alexander signed a two-year extension.
Strømsgodset.
In December 2006, Odense BK sold Alexander Aas to Strømsgodset IF.
Aalexander Aas took over as captain for Strømsgodset IF in 2008 after Øyvind Leonhardsen retired.

</doc>
<doc id="20723847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723847" title="Patrick McCarvill">
Patrick McCarvill

Patrick McCarvill (23 May 1893 – 16 March 1955) was an Irish politician. He was elected as an anti-Treaty Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 3rd Dáil at the 1922 general election for the Monaghan constituency but did not take his seat because of the absentionist policy of Sinn Féin. He was re-elected at the 1923 general election and once again did not take his seat. He was elected as a Fianna Fáil TD at the June 1927 general election and took his seat on the 12 August 1927 along with the other Fianna Fáil TDs. He did not contest the September 1927 general election.
McCarvill studied at University College Dublin (UCD) and was a medical doctor, as was his son. Prior to being fully qualified McCarvill helped in training of members of Cumann na mBan after the 1916 Easter Rising and during the Irish War of Independence in first aid in Harcourt Street, along with Dr Kathleen Lynn and Dr Geraghty. During his time in UCD he played Gaelic football winning the Sigerson Cup medals in 1917 and 1918, he also played soccer which caused him difficulties with the GAA in the College.
His selection as candidate for the 1922 general election was controversial since the anti-Treaty side and selected McCarvill instead of Seán MacEntee, the pro-Treaty side claimed this breached the electoral pact which would have resulted in two pro-Treaty and one anti-Treaty candidates being elected without a contest, as a result of the selection of McCarvill the pro-Treaty side stood an independent candidate Thomas McHugh which forced an election, McCarvill duly was elected. McCarvill unsuccessfully stood at the 1948 general election in Monaghan for Clann na Poblachta.

</doc>
<doc id="20723852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723852" title="Doncaster Avoiding Line">
Doncaster Avoiding Line

The Doncaster Avoiding Line is a railway line, which as its title suggests, avoids the town of Doncaster and routes goods traffic, principally coal and steel, away from the main line station where it would have to cross from the Sheffield line to the Hull or Cleethorpes lines and cause a bottleneck. 
The line was passed in an Act of Parliament in 1903 but work did not commence until 5 years later. Built mostly on embankment it opened in 1910. It was brought into use following the opening of Wath marshalling yard in 1907, and in preparation for the opening of Immingham Dock in 1912.
The Doncaster Avoiding line runs from Bentley Junction on the Doncaster to Hull/Cleethorpes line to Hexthorpe Junction on the Doncaster to Sheffield line. It is double track throughout with Bentley Junction being a 'flyover' junction and Hexthorpe Junction a 'flat' junction. The only junction in between was Sprotborough Junction, opened in 1916, where connections were made with the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Joint Railway. These were two sets of 'double cross-overs' with the signal box between. 
The line was worked under permissive block regulations, but these were suspended when passenger trains were to work over the line and absolute block substituted. There was a rising gradient towards Hexthorpe Junction which if trains were heavy and had been stood in the queue from Sprotborough Junction a banking locomotive was provided. This came from Mexborough depot and was usually a J11, N5 or L3 but sometimes a G.C."Fish" engine which was on shed at the time. This locomotive also was used on the "Top Yard" to York Road goods and when it was away from its post Doncaster's passenger pilot locomotive would deputise if required
The line is still open and fulfils its original purpose, even more important today with faster trains on the East Coast Main Line in both freight and passenger.

</doc>
<doc id="20723885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723885" title="Rico Bianchi">
Rico Bianchi

Enrico "Rico" Bianchi (born May 13, 1930 in Chur) is a Swiss rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Swiss boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.
Eight years later he was part of the Swiss boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20723887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723887" title="Gamaka">
Gamaka

Gamaka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20723902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723902" title="Karl Weidmann">
Karl Weidmann

Karl Weidmann (born July 4, 1931) is a Swiss rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Swiss boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20723920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723920" title="Heinrich Scheller">
Heinrich Scheller

Heinrich Scheller (August 3, 1929 – September 1, 1957) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Swiss boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20723936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723936" title="Pallickal">
Pallickal

Pallickal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20723951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723951" title="Émile Ess">
Émile Ess

Émile Ess (January 9, 1932 – December 1990) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Ruswil.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Swiss boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.
Eight years later he was part of the Swiss boat which was eliminated in the repechage of the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20723955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723955" title="Flight envelope protection">
Flight envelope protection

Flight envelope protection is a human machine interface extension of an aircraft’s control system that prevents the pilot of an aircraft from making control commands that would force the aircraft to exceed its structural and aerodynamic operating limits. It is used in some form in all modern commercial fly-by-wire aircraft. Its advantage is that it restricts pilots in emergency situations so they can react quickly without endangering the safety of their aircraft.
Function.
Aircraft have a flight envelope that describes its safe performance limits in regard to such things as minimum and maximum operating speeds, and its operating structural strength. Flight envelope protection calculates that flight envelope (and adds a margin of safety) and uses this information to stop pilots from making control inputs that would put the aircraft outside that flight envelope. For example, if the pilot uses the rearward side-stick to pitch the aircraft nose up, the control computers creating the flight envelope protection will prevent the pilot pitching the aircraft beyond the stalling angle of attack. As a result, even if the pilot tried to apply more and more rearward control, the flight envelope protection would cause the aircraft to ignore this command. Flight envelope protection can in this way increase aircraft safety by allowing the pilot to apply in an emergency maximum control forces while not at the same time inadvertently putting the aircraft outside the margins of its operational safety. 
Examples of where this might stop air accidents are when it allows a pilot to make a quick evasive maneuver in response to a ground proximity warning system warning, or in quick response to an approaching aircraft and a potential mid air collision. In this case without a flight envelope protection system, "you would probably hold back from maneuvering as hard as you could for fear of tumbling out of control, or worse. You would have to sneak up on it G, the design limit, and when you got there you wouldn't be able to tell, because very few commercial pilots have ever flown 2.5 G. But in the A320, you wouldn't have to hesitate: you could just slam the controller all the way to the side and instantly get out of there as fast as the plane will take you." Thus the makers of the Airbus argue: "envelope protection doesn't constrain the pilot. It liberates the pilot from uncertainty-and thus enhances safety."
Airbus and Boeing.
The Airbus A320 was the first commercial aircraft to incorporate full flight-envelope protection into its flight-control software. This was instigated by former Airbus senior vice president for engineering Bernard Ziegler. In the Airbus, the flight envelope protection cannot be overridden completely, although the crew can fly beyond flight envelope limits by selecting an alternate "control law". Boeing in the Boeing 777 has taken a different approach by allowing the crew to override flight envelope limits using excessive force on the flight controls.
Incidents.
China Airlines Flight 006.
One objection raised against flight envelope protection is the incident that happened to China Airlines Flight 006, a Boeing 747SP-09, northwest of San Francisco in 1985. In this flight incident, the crew was forced to overstress (and structurally damage) the horizontal tail surfaces in order to recover from a roll and near-vertical dive. (This had been caused by an automatic disconnect of the autopilot and incorrect handling of a yaw brought about by an engine flame-out). The pilot recovered control with about 10,000 ft of altitude remaining (from its original high-altitude cruise). But to do that the pilot had to pull the aircraft with an estimated 5.5 G, or more than twice its design limits. If the aircraft had had a flight envelope protection system, this recovery could not have been performed. Against this objection, Airbus has responded that an A320 in the situation of Flight 006 "never would have fallen out of the air
in the first place: the envelope protection would have automatically kept it in level flight in spite of the drag of a stalled engine".
FedEx Flight 705.
FedEx Flight 705, a McDonnell Douglas DC-10-30, was a case of a FedEx Flight Engineer who, facing a dismissal, attempted to hijack the plane and crash it into FedEx Headquarters in order for his family to collect his life insurance policy. After being attacked and severely injured, the flight crew was able to fight back and land the plane safely. In order to keep the attacker off balance and out of the cockpit the crew had to perform extreme maneuvers, including a barrel roll and a dive so fast the airplane couldn't measure its speed. Had the crew not been able to exceed the plane's flight envelope, the crew might not have been successful.
American Airlines Flight 587.
American Airlines Flight 587, an Airbus A300, crashed when the vertical stabiliser broke off due to large rudder inputs by the pilot. A flight-envelope protection system could have prevented this crash, though it can still be argued that an override button should be provided for contingencies when the pilots are aware of the need to exceed normal limits.

</doc>
<doc id="20723965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723965" title="Walter Leiser">
Walter Leiser

Walter Leiser (born May 4, 1931) is a Swiss rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was the coxswain of the Swiss boat which won the silver medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20723986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723986" title="Pallickal, Thiruvananthapuram">
Pallickal, Thiruvananthapuram

Pallickal is a village in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India.
Demographics.
At the 2001 India census, Pallickal had a population of 16470 with 7815 males and 8655 females.

</doc>
<doc id="20723993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20723993" title="Michael Morrissey (politician)">
Michael Morrissey (politician)

Michael Morrissey (died 10 May 1947) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at every subsequent general election that he contested. He died in 1947 during the 12th Dáil, a by-election was held on 29 October 1947 which was won by John Ormonde of Fianna Fáil.

</doc>
<doc id="20724002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724002" title="Al-Ittihad Mosque Jatibarang">
Al-Ittihad Mosque Jatibarang

Al-Ittihad is name of mosque in Jatibarang Lor Village Sub-District Jatibarang, Brebes, Brebes Regency.
Development Process.
Al-Ittihad Mosque starting on 6 March 2008. completed and inaugurated on 3 March 2008. Plant development is completed in 4 years and eventually resign from the schedule due to the increase in building materials resulting from the increase in other basic needs. This mosque will become a community icon for Jatibarang Brebes because the shape of a unique and luxurious. This mosque stands on the whole 5000 m2 of land and can accommodate 10,000 jamaah. Al-Ittihad Mosque that now there is the result of the relocation of a mosque south of the market there Jatibarang, of course, before the relocated discussion the ulama and community leaders in Jatibarang. Relocation process itself is supported and assisted by the Regent of Brebes Mr. Tajudin Nur Ali was tense and construction cost not less than 8 billion rupiah.
Inauguration.
Development of this mosque by one of the ulama KH. Rosyidi Malawi. This mosque was inaugurated by vice president Jusuf Kalla on 3 March 2008. The inauguration ceremony was attended by not less than 250,000 people from various regions in Indonesia.
Source of Funds.
Source of development funds Mosque Al-Ittihad, 80% came from Jatibarang Community and its surrounding areas, and 20% more donations from regional governments Brebes, Central Java province, National Politics and the figure donations from abroad. In the 2001 Budget Plan Development Mosque is only about 2.5 billion rupiah. Since the rise of almost all basic materials (although secera gradually from year to year) is not a surefire budget total 8 billion rupiah. and also influenced by the duration of the development process.
Building Structure.
This mosque has two minaret with a peak elevation of approximately 40 meter above the ground. With a large dome surrounded by 8 small dome. The mosque 2 only have 1 pulpit preaching, 1 mihrab, 4 main pillars buffer. 2 where Wudu, 2 MCK, 3 office managers, 1 library and the mosque as the front page of parks and parking places.

</doc>
<doc id="20724007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724007" title="List of 1998 box office number-one films in Australia">
List of 1998 box office number-one films in Australia

This is a list of films which placed number-one at the weekend box office in Australia during 1998. Amounts are in Australian dollars. 

</doc>
<doc id="20724021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724021" title="Quintus Pomponius Musa">
Quintus Pomponius Musa

Quintus Pomponius Musa was a magistrate, moneyer and banker during the Republican Period in Rome, around 66 BC. He was a member of the Pomponia gens.
According to the National Museum of Scotland, moneyers commissioned designs, which often referred to famous ancestors, associations to favourite cults, or, as here, puns on their names. Musa created ten coin designs: one design for each of the nine Muses, a play on Musa's name; and one coin featuring the image of Hercules with the inscription "HERCULES MUSARUM" (Hercules of the Muses). All ten designs depict the specific muse on the reverse, while featuring the image of Apollo on the obverse; Apollo presided over the Muses.
When Hercules is represented, he is called "Hercules Musarum", or "Musageta", that is, "The leader of the Muses." He was known by this name in Greece, and later in Rome, when his statue and those of the nine Muses were brought from Greece, and the temple erected there for their reception. On other coins of Quintus Pomponius Musa the nine Muses appear arranged in the usual order, each distinguished by her emblem. The most distinct figure is that Urania, from the Greek "Ουρανος"; she points with a staff to heaven, as the Muse of astronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="20724022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724022" title="Crêt">
Crêt

Crêt is a village in the French commune of Ville-La-Grand, in the department of Haute-Savoie.

</doc>
<doc id="20724048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724048" title="Hypericum balearicum">
Hypericum balearicum

Hypericum balearicum is a plant in the genus "Hypericum" native to Spain's Balearic Islands. It is a small, evergreen shrub up to 1.5 m in height, with dark green, leathery leaves covered with warty glands, and bright yellow flowers (2 cm).

</doc>
<doc id="20724051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724051" title="December Gold Cup">
December Gold Cup

The December Gold Cup (run in 2013 as the Stewart Family Thank You Gold Cup) is a Grade 3 National Hunt chase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run on the New Course at Cheltenham over a distance of about 2 miles and 5 furlongs (4,225 metres), and during its running there are seventeen fences to be jumped. It is a handicap race, and it is scheduled to take place each year in December.
The event was first run in 1963. It was originally sponsored by Massey Ferguson and known as the Massey Ferguson Gold Cup. The race continued with this title until 1980, but since then it has had various sponsors and consequently several title changes. The 2005 running was named the Robin Cook Memorial Gold Cup. This was in memory of Robin Cook (1946–2005), a former Foreign Secretary who was a keen racing enthusiast. Boylesports supported the race from 2006 to 2009 as the Boylesports.com Gold Cup. The 2010 race was run as the Vote A P Gold Cup as part of a successful campaign to encourage racegoers to vote for Tony McCoy in the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award. In 2011 the racehorse owner Andy Stewart bgean backing the race to promote the Spinal Research charity, following a spinal injury suffered by his son Paul in 2008. The race was run as the Spinal Research The Atlantic 4 Gold Cup in 2011, the Paul Stewart IronSpine Charity Challenge Gold Cup in 2012 and took its present name in 2013. The race has become commonly known in the racing media as the December Gold Cup.
The race is often contested by horses which ran previously in the Paddy Power Gold Cup (also formerly known by other titles). Three have won both races in the same season – Pegwell Bay, Senor El Betrutti and Exotic Dancer.
Records.
Most successful horse(2 wins) :
Leading jockey (2 wins):
Leading trainer (3 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="20724057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724057" title="Fredrik Nordkvelle">
Fredrik Nordkvelle

Career.
Nordkvelle hails from Porsgrunn. He joined Strømsgodset during the 2007 season after impressing coach Dag-Eilev Fagermo whilst on trial at Marienlyst. In 2008 Nordkvelle's superb solo strike in the league match away at Aalesund was voted as goal of the season by TV 2 viewers.
On 30 August 2011, Nordkvelle signed a contract with Brann where he will play from the beginning of the 2012 season.
On 11 August 2013 Odd confirmed that they had signed Nordkvelle just 15 minutes before the transferwindow closed. Nordkvelle signed a contract that will keep him in Skien for 4,5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20724063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724063" title="Elena Tkachenko">
Elena Tkachenko

Elena Tkachenko (born July 31, 1983 in Sevastopol, Ukraine) is an Individual Rhythmic Gymnast.

</doc>
<doc id="20724073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724073" title="Danny Sullivan (rugby league)">
Danny Sullivan (rugby league)

Danny Sullivan is a former rugby league player. His position of preference was in the Second Row.
Early years.
Danny grew up in Sydney. A sporting talent, he attended Westfields Sports High School. In 1999 he toured France, Ireland and England with Australian School Boys team. The team was undefeated and on this tour and Danny got to play alongside future starts such as Braith Anasta, Mark Gasnier, Brent Tate and Jamie Lyon. As an Australian representative Danny was inducted into the Westfields Sports Hall of Fame and also won a New South Wales Sporting Blue.
Parramatta.
Danny had been a junior at the Parramatta Eels while at Westfields Sports and he made his National Rugby League debut for the club in 2001. He played five games that season, coming off the bench. This was enough to earn the Eric Grothe rookie of the year award as the club's best youngster in 2001.
He had an impressive off season with the club in 2002 and was even being talked about as a possible NRL Rookie of the Year award winner for the 2002 season. However he suffered a severe knee injury and required a Knee ACL reconstruction. This was later compounded when he developed a Golden staph infection. This injury was to completely ruin his next two seasons and haunt him for the rest of his career.
Later years.
In 2004 Danny joined the New Zealand Warriors seeking to rebuild his career. At the time the head coach was Daniel Anderson who had previously coached Danny in the youth sides at Parramatta. Danny managed to play one game for the Warriors, starting in the second row, before again suffering knee problems. He was later ruled out for the season. When Daniel Anderson was fired and replaced by Tony Kemp midway through the season Danny decided to retire and return to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20724093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724093" title="Cassius Severus">
Cassius Severus

Titus Cassius Severus (died in 32) was an ancient Roman rhetor from the "gens Cassia". He lived during the reigns of Augustus, Tiberius and Caligula. Cassius Severus, a fearless fighter of freedom of speech,was sharply eloquent against the new governmental order, which finally saw him exiled and his works banned after his death.
Life.
Cassius Severus was said to have risen from a simple background. He was a legendary success as a teacher of rhetoric. He was considered to be very well read. His negative qualities were also apparent. He was sometimes uncontrollably aggressive and cynical in his speeches and also reacted badly to insults. 
Oratory played a vital role in the social and political life of Rome, rhetoric thus was a vital aspect when Severus was living. The transition from the Republican to Monarchial rule in Rome also brought about changes in the way oratory was conducted. 
Ciceronian oratory was becoming impossible under the increasing Monarchical rule of Augustus.This essentiated the need to employ in a different kind of oratory in the post-Ciceronian world. Cassius Severus was one of those who deviated from the ancient manner decisively and brought in the new style. It was Severus's conscious intention to step into the new era, adapting oratory to the requirement of the new age of imperialism. 
The manner and style of oratory became more violent and aggressive than that of their predecessors under the Republic. Steven H. Rutldege in his essay, 'Delatores and the Tradition of Violence in Roman Oratory', though provides a different point of view. He points out at the violence in both the republican accusers and delatores' speech under the Empire. On the other hand, Marcus Aper and Vipstanus Messalla have different opinions regarding oratory and its contemporary state in ancient Rome. But in 'Dialogus De Oratoribus', these two men turn unanimous at one point in stating that Cassius Severus has had no contribution on the change in oratory from the days of Cicero. In the worlds of Vipstanus-
"If (Cassius) were compared to those who were later, he can be called an orator, although the greater part of these books contain more bile than blood. For he was the first who, having despised good composition, with no sense of modesty or shame in his diction, and even disorderly and generally thrown off his feet by the very weapons he used due to his eagerness to stripe, did not fight but bickered."
He is still known today by the surviving analyses of his speeches by Quintilian, Seneca and Tacitus. All three authors are ambivalent towards him, regarding him to be talented and witty (Quintilian calls him compulsory reading) but at times as too passionate and thus often inordinate and ridiculous. Tacitus uses him as an example to explain the "boundary" between the rhetoric of the Republic and the Principate, and in his "Annals" he called him:
"A man of mean origin and a life of crime, but a powerful pleader, brought his exile on himself, by his persistent quarrelsomeness."
Tacitus raises another issue in oratory-a need for sensitive balance between sharp wit and its abuse in which Cassius Severus was in fault. It can be well comprehended from the quote taken from Paul Plass' "Wit and Writing of History: The Rhetoric of Historiography in Imperial Rome." The quote given below indicates the problem of abusive political rhetoric for whice Severus is faulted by Tacitus and others can be gaudged. 
"I himself remember that I entered his lecture room just as he was about to speak against Milo, with his usual vanity he was saying , 'If I were a gladiator,I would be [the great Fusius; if I were a pantomime, I would be great Bathyllus, if I were a horse,I would begreat Melissio' I couldn't restrain my anger and shouted,'if you were a sewer you would be the greatest [cloaca Maxiama!' The students looked at me and wondered who the boor was. Cestius, who had intended to answer Cicero, could not think of an answer to me and refused to go on unless I left. I wouldn't go from the public bath before I had washed. Then I decided to avenge Cicero on Cestius in the forum I summoned him to court before the praetor, and when I had satisfied myself with jokes and insults, I demanded that he be indicted. ( Sen Controv.3,pref. 16-17)
Augustus took various steps to stop the flourishing of anti-monarchic sentiments. He stopped the publication of senatorial protocols, poisonous pamphlets; curtailed all oral and written criticism, started book burning in the name of eccleciastical requirement, made new laws on censorship and so on. Titus Labienus was the first victim on the charge of committing literary treason under "lex maiestas." In this case the specific offensive work was destroyed. But in the case of Titus Labienus, all his writings were destined to be destroyed.
Tacitus also refers to the law. Augustus made an edict against lampoons, satires and the authors of defematory writings. To denote it Tacitus refers to the law term - "famosos libellos" in the first book of his Annals:
"Augustus was the first who under the colour of that law took cognizance of lampoons, being provoked to it by the petulancy of Cassius Severus, who had defamed many illustrious persons of both sexes, in his writings."
This intermitted law was first restored by Augustus for his personal safety and the security of the new regime. 
Cassius Severus, a colleague of Titus Labienus, stood for the cause of Labienus and his writings though he was extremely disliked by Labienus. Cassius Severus uttered and exclaimed :
"If they really want to destroy the works of Labienus, they must burn me alive. For I have learned them by heart!" He also pronounced prophetically:
"Of humble birth, Titus Cassius Severus worked his way up." 
He was a sarcastic lawyer. He used to handle cases on civil law as well as on criminal law. He used to handle two cases in the morning and one in the afternoon. Having strong argumentative oratory skill, he did not win always. As a defence lawyer, he only took on cases he felt he would enjoy. 
He prosecuted Augustus' friend Nonius Asprenas for poisoning. He was once saved from a law suit de moribus by Augustus. Yet, he dwelled upon republican convictions.
He established a valid point regarding the declamations-the pale classroom recitations and the Forum Romanum- Rome's traditional rough and ready school for lawyers and magistrates. He had commented:
"The school is a mere training ground, the Forum real arena...what good can there possibly be in a classroom imitation of a trial."
Cassius Severus attacked against Rome's social elite of both sexes which roused emperor's wrath. 
His support for Labienus meant that it was only a matter of time before Cassius Severus was brought to account and his books too were to be reduced to ashes. The Roman Senate by a formal senatus consultum added the penalty of exile to him on the island of Crete but his property remained unconfiscated. Cassius Severus was however unrepentant and didn't ask for mercy. His murderous pen continued to write abuse of the regime. Augustus did not take further cognizance of his victim. After Augustus' death when the case came up again before the senate. The second trial ended with the interdict from fire and water in 24 AD. The decision was to make stubborn, rebellious Severus' life a living death. He was transferred from Crete, his former place of exile to the barren little island of Seriphos. Death emancipated him from his rebellious thirst for freedom. He is said to have died in 32 AD enduring the twenty-fifth year of exile. His writings were banned after his death, only to be republished under Caligula, but his court speeches only survive today in fragments. 
Horace,a contemporary poet,in his epode writes of Severus:
Epode VI.
AGAINST CASSIUS SEVERUS.
O cur, thou coward against wolves, why dost thou persecute innocent strangers? Why do you not, if you can, turn your empty yelpings hither, and attack me, who will bite again? For, like a Molossian, or tawny Laconian dog, that is a friendly assistant to shepherds, I will drive with erected ears through the deep snows every brute that shall go before me. You, when you have filled the grove with your fearful barking, you smell at the food that is thrown to you. Have a care, have a care; for, very bitter against bad men, I exert my ready horns uplift; like him that was rejected as a son-in-law by the perfidious Lycambes, or the sharp enemy of Bupalus. What, if any cur attack me with malignant tooth, shall I, without revenge, blubber like a boy?

</doc>
<doc id="20724102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724102" title="Micheál Clery">
Micheál Clery

Micheál Clery was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician, solicitor and teacher. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) at the September 1927 general election for the Mayo North constituency. He was re-elected at every subsequent general election up to 1944. He resigned in 1945 during the 12th Dáil following his appointment as County Registrar of Dublin. The subsequent by-election was held on 4 December 1945 and was won by Bernard Commons of Clann na Talmhan.

</doc>
<doc id="20724108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724108" title="SCH-442,416">
SCH-442,416

SCH-442,416 is a highly selective adenosine A2a subtype receptor antagonist. It is widely used in its 11C radiolabelled form to map the distribution of A2a receptors in the brain, where they are mainly found in the striatum, nucleus accumbens, and olfactory tubercle. Given its distribution in the brain, A2a receptors have been investigated for the treatment of various neurological disorders, and SCH-442,416 has shown promise in treatment of depression, Parkinson's disease, and catalepsy.

</doc>
<doc id="20724112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724112" title="Yuweh Island">
Yuweh Island

Yuweh Island lies about 3km south east of Buvuma Island in Lake Victoria. It covers an area of 2sq kilometers.

</doc>
<doc id="20724114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724114" title="Tupaliče">
Tupaliče

Tupaliče (; ) is a village south of Preddvor in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Clement. It is a Romanesque building with a Baroque sanctuary and a later belfry. Frescos in the nave date to ca. 1400 and there are 16th-century images of Saint Christopher and of the Crucifixion of Jesus on the south exterior wall.

</doc>
<doc id="20724143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724143" title="Rajagopala Tondaiman">
Rajagopala Tondaiman

Raja Sri Brahdamba Dasa Raja Sri Rajagopala Tondaiman Bahadur (23 June 1922 - 16 January 1997) was the ninth and last ruler of the princely state of Pudukkottai.
Early life.
Rajagopala Tondaiman was born to Prince Ramachandra Tondaiman and his second wife, Mathusri Raja Srimathi Rani Janaki Ayi Sahib, on 23 June 1922. 
Reign.
On November 19, 1928, six-year old Rajagopala Tondaiman was appointed to succeed Martanda Bhairava Tondaiman as the Raja of Pudukkottai. Raghunatha Pallavarayar served as regent until February 1929. From February 1929 to 17 January 1944, the state was governed by a council of regency appointed by the British. Rajagopala took over the administration on 17 January 1944. On 3 March 1948, Rajagopala Tondaiman acceded to the dominion of India. The princely state became a part of Trichirappalli district of the Madras Presidency.
Rajagopala Tondaiman served as the President of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA), Pudukottai Recreation Club (PRC) and Kodaikanal Boat and Rowing Club. He is a recipient of the George V Silver Jubilee Medal (1935), George VI Coronation Medal (1937) and Indian Independence medal (1948).

</doc>
<doc id="20724159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724159" title="Jayme Langford">
Jayme Langford

Jayme Langford (born December 13, 1987) is an American nude model and pornographic actress. She has appeared in almost 100 films.
Biography.
She began appearing in adult films in 2006, and soon limited her appearances to solo and girl-girl scenes.
In July 2008 she appeared on the cover of "Hustler" magazine.
In late 2008, Langford started an all-girl rock band called Pajamaband featuring fellow nude models Louisa Lanewood and Jana Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="20724168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724168" title="2008 ITU Triathlon World Cup">
2008 ITU Triathlon World Cup

The 2008 ITU Triathlon World Cup was a series of triathlon races organised by the International Triathlon Union (ITU) for elite-level triathletes. There were twelve races held in twelve countries, each held over a distance of 1500 m swim, 40 km cycle, 10 km run (an Olympic-distance triathlon). Alongside a prize purse, points were awarded at each race contributing towards the overall World Cup for which an additional prize purse was awarded. The 2008 World Cup was sponsored by BG Group. The 2008 World Cup series marked the final year of this race and championship format as the ITU shifted its focus to developing the World Championship Series.
Overall rankings.
At each race of the series points were awarded to the top 20 finishers per the table below. In addition to the points awarded for the twelve World Cup legs, double points were awarded for results achieved in the ITU Triathlon World Championship race in Vancouver, Canada on 7–8 June 2008.
Medal table.
Note: Rank is arranged by total number of medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20724189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724189" title="Oderisio di Sangro">
Oderisio di Sangro

Oderisio di Sangro (died on August 30 of an uncertain year, probably 1137) - Italian Benedictine and cardinal, of the family of the counts of Marsi. He joined the order of St. Benedict at the abbey of Montecassino at a young age. About 1112 Pope Paschalis II created him cardinal-deacon of S. Agata; as such, he participated in the papal election of 1118. In 1123 he was elected abbot of Montecassino. Three years later he was deposed as abbot due to personal conflict with Pope Honorius II (1124–30). After the double papal election of 1130 he joined the obedience of Antipope Anacletus II and subscribed his bulls issued on February 8, 1131, and on March 10 of an uncertain year (1135–37).

</doc>
<doc id="20724210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724210" title="Xiajiao Station">
Xiajiao Station

Xiajiao Station () is a station on Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28December 2006. It is located under Xiajiao Village () in Shajiao Island (), Panyu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China. It is near Wuzhou Decoration Center, Shaxi Plastic Center, the White Palace Hotel and the White Palace Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="20724241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724241" title="St. Giles (Hebron, Maryland)">
St. Giles (Hebron, Maryland)

St. Giles is a historic home located at Hebron, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story frame Federal period farmhouse, with a 20th-century hyphen and wing. Also on the property are several outbuildings, including a well house, wood house, tenant house, barn, garage, and pool house. The landscaped grounds include a garden which is thought to retain its original early-19th-century layout.
St. Giles was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20724271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724271" title="San Domingo School">
San Domingo School

San Domingo School is a historic frame school building located at Sharptown, Wicomico County, Maryland.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20724285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724285" title="Vitelli">
Vitelli

The Vitelli, among other families so named, were a prominent family of Umbria, rulers of Città di Castello and lesser "rocche". In spite of ambitious genealogies, there is no demonstrable connection with the ancient Roman Vitellius (gens). The Vitelli had been rich merchants of Città di Castello, who made themselves masters of the town in the early fourteenth century, after civic confrontations with the rival Guelf faction of the Brancaleone, and henceforward wielded political and military influence disproportionate to their small territory, as supporters of the Papacy.
Members of the historic family.
There is a Palazzo Vitelli in many towns of Central Italy, notably the three in Città di Castello, where in addition to Palazzo Vitelli a Sant'Egidio, Palazzo Vitelli a San Giacomo (Palazzo Vitelli in Piazza), stands at the heart of the city. The 16th-century Palazzo Vitelli alla Cannoniera now houses an art gallery.
In other "comuni" and cities:

</doc>
<doc id="20724293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724293" title="Cearachelys">
Cearachelys

Cearachelys is an extinct genus of pleurodiran turtle which existed some 80 million years ago. The genus is monotypic, with only type species Cearachelys placidoi known.
The genus was named for Ceará, the Brazilian state where the species was discovered. The specific name was named after Placido Nuvens, a director of the Museu Paleontologico de Santana do Cariri.
In 2001, the remains of two mostly complete turtle skeletons from the Early Cretaceous rocks of the Santana Formation were used to describe "Cearachelys placidoi". Both specimens were from the Romualdo Member of the formation in what is now northwestern Brazil. The type specimen, tentatively labeled MPSC-uncatalogued (for the Museu Paleontologico de Santana do Cariri where the specimen resides), consisted of an incomplete skull, the turtle’s shell, a few neck vertebrae and some limb bone fragments. The second specimen, TUTg 1798 is a more complete fossil consisting of most of the turtle's axial and appendicular skeleton. While this specimen hails from the same locality, it was actually procured by the museum eight years prior, in 1993. A fragmentary third specimen was identified in 2007 as belonging to "C. placidoi". The specimen, MN-6760-V, consisted of a rather complete fossilized carapace and plastron measuring some 20 cm long.
The species was identified as a pleurodire based on a number of distinguishing anatomical characteristics – mainly the arrangement of skeletal elements in its skull and the attachment of its pelvic girdle to its carapace. Further analysis of its skull elements led to its classification in the family Bothremydidae. However, skull elements also differentiate the species from the other members of its family. Its closest relation seems to be from a taxon that evolved much later, the Late Cretaceous turtle "Galianemys" from Morocco. Both genera possess a rather retracted jugal bone, a characteristic not seen in other bothremydids. In a 2006 paper on the phylogeny of extinct pleurodires, Gaffney united the two closely related genera in the tribe Cearachelyini.

</doc>
<doc id="20724296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724296" title="Karel Mejta">
Karel Mejta

Karel Mejta (born June 18, 1928) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Třeboň and is the father of Karel Mejta, Jr.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724297" title="Groes-faen">
Groes-faen

Groes-faen is a village approximately three miles south of Llantrisant in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.
The village was originated as a hamlet in the 1860s near a trade route from Cowbridge to Cardiff.
History.
The opening of the Bute & Mwyndy iron ore works during the 1850s had a huge impact on the small hamlet of Groes Faen. The census of 1861 shows that Groes Faen had become a village. Its population was now 83 people divided in 17 households, of these 83 residents 17 were iron ore miners, meaning that on average each household had 4.9 residents with one being an iron ore miner. The village centre was the pub The Dynefor Arms, and the cottages surrounding it.
In the seventies, a nearby quarry was used as a dump for chemicals. In 2007 research began to assess the potential environmental impact of seepage from the Quarry. The Environment Agency summary is at: Monsanto used the quarry for the disposal of PCBs.

</doc>
<doc id="20724300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724300" title="Dinah Sings, Previn Plays">
Dinah Sings, Previn Plays

Dinah Sings, Previn Plays is a 1960 album by Dinah Shore, accompanied by André Previn.
Track listing.
For the 2006 Capitol Records Reissue, 69802
Bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="20724317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724317" title="Lijiao Station">
Lijiao Station

Lijiao Station () is a station of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations in 28 December 2006. It is located at the underground of Lijiao Village () in Haizhu District. It will be an interchange station of Guangfo Metro Line 1 and Guangzhou Metro Line 3 in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20724321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724321" title="Jiří Havlis">
Jiří Havlis

Jiří Havlis (November 16, 1932 – January 31, 2010) was a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Majdalena, Jindřichův Hradec District.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724324" title="James Hurn">
James Hurn

James Hurn (born 10 November 1926) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Wiltshire. He was born in Melksham.
Hurn, who played for Wiltshire in the Minor Counties Championship between 1952 and 1961, made his sole List A appearance for the team in the 1964 Gillette Cup, against Hampshire. Batting in the upper order, he scored 8 runs, though Wiltshire slipped to a defeat by a 120-run margin.

</doc>
<doc id="20724326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724326" title="Basil Chivers">
Basil Chivers

Basil Chivers (born 31 December 1939) was an English cricketer who played for Wiltshire. He was born in Devizes.
Chivers, who began his career in the Minor Counties Championship at the age of 17, made several appearances for Kent's Second XI between 1959 and 1962.
Chivers' sole List A appearance came in the 1964 Gillette Cup, against Hampshire. Chivers scored a duck in the match, and Wiltshire lost the match by a margin of 120 runs.
He is also the Grandfather of Thomas Judge. Better known from the well known site YouTube for uploading videos of events that he attends around the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20724341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724341" title="Joel Banal">
Joel Banal

Joel Banal (born February 6, 1958) is a former Filipino professional basketball player, and former head coach of Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association. Banal played college ball for the Mapúa Institute of Technology, before venturing into professional basketball with the Great Taste Coffee Makers the PBA. He was previously head coach of the collegiate team Ateneo de Manila Blue Eagles, and the Talk 'N Text Phone Pals, where he won championships in 2002 and 2003, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20724343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724343" title="Union Station (Salisbury, Maryland)">
Union Station (Salisbury, Maryland)

Union Station is a historic railway station located at Salisbury, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It was constructed in 1913–14, near the junction where the New York, Philadelphia & Norfolk Railroad intersected with the Baltimore, Chesapeake and Atlantic Railroad in the center of Salisbury. It has a -story, Flemish bond brick main block covered by a medium-pitched hip roof sheathed in slate, with single-story wings. It was converted from a passenger station into a freight facility around 1958, and since 1986, used for other commercial purposes. The building has characteristics of the Colonial Revival style and was the most elaborate passenger facility to survive on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
Union Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20724354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724354" title="Breg pri Komendi">
Breg pri Komendi

Breg pri Komendi is a small settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Breg" to "Breg pri Komendi" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20724358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724358" title="Buckacre">
Buckacre

Buckacre was an American rock band from the Illinois River Valley, operating in the mid-1970s. Group members included the guitarist/vocalist Les Lockridge, drummer Dick Verucchi, guitarist/violinist/vocalist Alan Thacker, bassist/vocalist Dick Hally and guitarist/steel guitarist/vocalist Darrell Data. They released two albums on MCA Records - "Morning Comes" (1976), which was produced by Glyn Johns, and a self-titled album (1978), produced by Win Kutz. In 1977 Lockridge's interim replacement was the Illinois guitarist and songwriter J.R. "Roger" Cooper. Lockridge was eventually replaced on the second album by the keyboardist, David Anson. Lester "Les" Lockridge died on June 1, 2010, in Spring Valley, Illinois, from Lou Gehrig's disease. He was 62 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20724403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724403" title="F. Leonard Wailes Law Office">
F. Leonard Wailes Law Office

F. Leonard Wailes Law Office is a historic building located at Salisbury, Wicomico County, Maryland. It was constructed in 1927 in the Colonial Revival style. It is a two-story brick building opposite the Wicomico County Courthouse in a line of early- to mid-20th century commercial buildings.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20724411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724411" title="Vitellia (gens)">
Vitellia (gens)

The Gens Vitellia or Vitelii were a gens in ancient Rome. It is also spelled Vitullius in inscriptions.
In the time of Suetonius it was controversial between Aulus Vitellius (supporter of the princeps) and his enemies whether it was old and noble or recent and obscure, even plebeian. It would have originated as a diminutive of the cognomen Vitulus. The name of the Vitellii at least is old and their ancestry was said to date back to Faunus, king of the aboriginals, and Vitellia (Suetonius, "Vitellius" 1). Then, according to tradition, the family came from Sabini territory to Rome and were included among the patricians. As evidence for the existence of these early kings is the Via Vitellia from the Janiculum to the sea and a "colonia Vitellia" in Aequi territory.

</doc>
<doc id="20724436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724436" title="Kevin Clarke (music historian)">
Kevin Clarke (music historian)

Kevin Clarke (born 14 February 1967 in Berlin, Germany) is an Irish-German music historian specializing in 1920s jazz operettas, and author of various books dealing with topics such as the jazz and revue operettas of the Weimar Republic, operetta in Nazi Germany, and homosexuality and operetta. Since 2006 he has been director of the Operetta Research Center Amsterdam (ORCA).

</doc>
<doc id="20724439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724439" title="Gmajnica">
Gmajnica

Gmajnica is a settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20724451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724451" title="Presbytery of Glasgow">
Presbytery of Glasgow

The Presbytery of Glasgow one of the 46 Presbyteries of the Church of Scotland. It dates back to the earliest periods of Presbyterian church government in the Church of Scotland in the late 16th century. The Presbytery of Glasgow currently has 147 congregations, making it by far the largest Presbytery in the Church of Scotland. 
The Presbytery covers the city of Glasgow, Scotland, plus some neighbouring areas including Bishopbriggs, Cambuslang, Giffnock, Kilsyth, Kirkintilloch, Lenzie, Newton Mearns and Rutherglen.
Presbyterianism.
As a Presbyterian church, the Church of Scotland has no bishops. Instead courts of ministers, elders and deacons have collective responsibility for the governance of the church. The Presbytery is the intermediate court of the church, subject to the General Assembly and responsible for the oversight of Kirk Sessions (at a congregational level.) As with all courts of the Church, the Presbytery is chaired by an annually elected Moderator.
The Presbytery meets for ordinary business once per month (with the exception of January, July and August). Meetings are normally held in Govan and Linthouse Parish Church, Govan.
In 2003-2004, the Rev Adah Younger (minister at Dennistoun Central Parish Church) became the first woman to be Moderator of the Presbytery.
Congregations.
There are 147 congregations within the bounds of the Presbytery of Glasgow (of which 104 are within the Glasgow City Council boundaries, the other 43 being in adjacent areas such as Giffnock). 
Congregations with their own Wikipedia site:
Following local government reorganisation in 1975, the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland readjusted all Presbytery boundaries. The parishes in East Kilbride were transferred to the Presbytery of Hamilton at this time.
Clerk.
Currently the Very Rev Bill Hewitt (Moderator of the General Assembly 2009-2010) is temporarily serving as Acting Presbytery Clerk. Previous (full-time) Presbytery Clerks included the Rev Dr Angus Kerr (2009-2012) formerly minister at Newton Mearns Parish Church and the Very Rev David Lunan, (2002-2008) Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland 2008-2009.
The Presbytery office is located at Renfield St. Stephen's Church in Bath Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20724454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724454" title="Volga Siber">
Volga Siber

The Volga Siber () is a four-door sedan car manufactured by the Russian firm GAZ, introduced at the 2007 Moscow International Automobile Salon and marketed in a single generation for model years 2008 to 2010. 
Manufactured under license from Chrysler, the Siber used the superseded platform and tooling from the second generation Chrysler Sebring/Dodge Stratus with very slight design modifications executed by the British studio UltraMotive to its grille and headlights. Other modifications were limited to a stiffer suspension and higher ground clearance.
The Siber was introduced at the start of the Global Economic Crisis of 2008, and though annual production of 40,000 vehicles had been planned, sales were not as expected and 9,000 had been manufactured by the time the Siber was discontinued after model year 2010.
Trim levels.
Two trim levels were available: Comfort (with 2.0 or 2.4 litre engines), and Lux (2.4 l engine only).
The base level had the 2.0 litre, 141 hp engine, air conditioning, driver and passenger airbags, ABS, a traction control system, halogen headlamps, power steering, adjustable steering column, electrically adjustable driver's side seating, a six-speaker amplified audio system, heated folding side mirrors, self-dimming interior rear-view mirror, and a single-use spare tyre.
The more expensive "Lux" trim level had the more powerful 2.4 l, 142 hp engine, a leather interior, an anti-theft system, and front fog lamps.
Production.
Production of the GAZ Siber began with a pilot batch on 28 March 2008, with a steady production level reached by 25 July 2008. Russian President Vladimir Putin visited the factory on the eve of volume production, along with dignitaries from the state of Michigan and the Michigan Economic Development Corporation. 
20,000 Sibers were planned for production in 2008, with 40,000 planned for 2009. Eventual yearly production was desired to reach the plant capacity of 100,000 vehicles per year. On 29 August 2008, GAZ began fleet sales of the Siber, to government employees and businesses including Russian bank Sberbank. 
For production of the Siber, a superseded assembly line was relocated from Chrysler's plant in the USA. The GAZ plant assembly line approximated the layout of the former Chrysler plant, with assembly workers having completed a comprehensive professional training program abroad. Engineers from Magna International assisted in transfer of the assembly line and employee training.
At first, mostly imported parts were used in vehicle assembly; domestic components were used only when their quality was at least as good as their imported counterparts. Engines were purchased from Chrysler. Plans were to bring local parts production levels to 50%. Head- and tail-lamps, bumpers and some panel components were produced locally at the start of production. All other parts were imported; the engine and electronics were produced at the Complejo Industrial Ramos Arizpe industrial centre in Saltillo, Mexico, and other parts in the USA.
Due to the economic crisis in 2008 and 2009, demand for "Siber" fell and production ended in November 2010. In total, about 9,000 cars were produced during the 2008–2010 production run.
The production of the older GAZ Volga 31105 ended in summer 2010. There will be no further car models under this brand.

</doc>
<doc id="20724458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724458" title="Whitehaven Hotel">
Whitehaven Hotel

Whitehaven Hotel is a historic hotel located at Whitehaven, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It is a three-story, U-shaped, steeply pitches mansard-roofed Second Empire-style frame structure. The center core of the hotel is a Federal side hall / parlor dwelling, erected around 1810-1815. The hotel interior retains much of its early and later 19th century woodwork.
The Whitehaven Hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20724461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724461" title="Hank Mobley Quartet">
Hank Mobley Quartet

Hank Mobley Quartet is the debut album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Blue Note label in 1955 as BLP 5066, a 10" LP. It was recorded on March 27, 1955 and features Mobley, Horace Silver, Doug Watkins and Art Blakey. The album was released on CD only in Japan, as a limited edition.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4 stars stating "This debut of Mobley on Blue Note includes Horace Silver on piano and Doug Watkins on bass, plus someone named Art Blakey on drums.".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Hank Mobley except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="20724466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724466" title="Miss International 1990">
Miss International 1990

The 30th Miss International pageant was held on 16 September 1990 at Osaka's Flower Expo Site. The pageant was hosted by Masumi Okada. 

</doc>
<doc id="20724472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724472" title="2008 Skåne County earthquake">
2008 Skåne County earthquake

The 2008 Skåne County earthquake occurred at 06.20am CET (05.20 UTC) on December 16, 2008, and affected the southern part of Sweden and eastern parts of Denmark. The epicenter was 5 km southwest of Sjöbo and 60 km east of Malmö. The earthquake was considered "moderately strong" with a local magnitude calculated at 4.2 - 4.3 on the Richter magnitude scale. Strong shaking was reported widely in Sweden from Skåne to Östergötland, in Denmark, and in northern Poland.
The Skåne region is known for extremely low seismic activity, with only three small earthquakes (each less than 2.8) detected between 1970 and 2008, and only 14 earthquakes since 1375. Roadways in Sweden and Denmark were reported with cracks but investigations did not determine any were caused by the earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="20724478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724478" title="Siim Liivik">
Siim Liivik

Siim Liivik (born February 14, 1988) is an Estonian Finnish ice hockey winger who currently represents Espoo Blues of the Finnish top flight, the SM-liiga. Liivik is also known by the nicknames Simo, Märkä-Simo and Tallinnan Malkin (literally "Tallinn's Malkin").
Career.
Liivik started his professional career with HIFK in 2008. Before joining the Helsinki based club's first team, Liivik played in the United States with the Waterloo Black Hawks of the United States Hockey League. He has also represented HIFK at different youth levels.
He made his first appearance for HIFK in the 2008-09 season opener against local rivals Jokerit on September 11, 2008. On September 30, 2008 he scored his first SM-liiga goal when HIFK faced KalPa at home. Liivik won Finnish hockey championship on season 2010-11.
Career statistics.
"As of September 9, 2011"
Music.
Under his known nickname Märkä-Simo, Siim Liivik was featured in the music video of the 2011 single "Häissä" by Finnish rappers Jare & VilleGalle. The single released on the Monsp Finnish record label, proved very popular and reached the top of the Finnish Singles Chart. The official music video directed by andrei6000 features Märkä-Simo rapping with the duo.

</doc>
<doc id="20724479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724479" title="Sandy Phillips">
Sandy Phillips

Frederick George (Sandy) Phillips (30 April 1879 – 29 June 1962) was the second Australian-born headmaster of Sydney Grammar School.
Early life.
Sandy Phillips was born in Tamworth, New South Wales, the son of a Methodist Minister. He attended Newington College (1894-1898) where he became known as 'little Sandy' as his brother was 'big Sandy'. The nickname Sandy followed him through life. He entered the arts faculty of the University of Sydney in 1899 and was awarded first class honours in English on his graduation.
Teaching career.
Phillips began his teaching career as a schoolmaster in 1902 under the headship of Albert Bythesea Weigall. In 1904 he travelled to Europe to study history, education and language at the Universities of Berlin Leipzig Paris. He returned to Sydney Grammar and was the senior English master until 1914.
Mowbray House School.
In 1914 Phillips left Sydney Grammar and became co-headmaster with Lance Bavin of the private Mowbray House School in Chatswood, New South Wales. Bavin had been at Newington as a student with Phillips and had opened Mowbray House, as Chatswood Preparatory School, in 1906. Whilst at Chatswood he studied again and was awarded a Master of Arts fom Sydney University in 1920. Phillips remained at Mowbray house until his return to Sydney Grammar in 1924.
Headmaster.
In 1940, after eight years as Master of the Lower School, Phillips was appointed as the sixth Headmaster of Sydney Grammar School. On his appointment he was 61 and the war years were difficult for the school. Sir Victor Windeyer said of his term of office: "The Headmaster wisely and modestly considered that his task was to preserve the heritage of the past so far as he could, so that on it his successor might build. He saw the need for changes and developments in the School to meet the challenge of change outside; but these, he felt should be begun by those who would carry on." He had been an inspirational teacher and had substantially improved the cultural life of the school even for a student like Max Dupain who was not scholastically inclined; "Thanks to my English sixth form master, Sandy Phillips, I learned to love Shakespeare".
Marriage.
In 1908, Phillips married Elfrida Caroline Allen in Petersham, New South Wales. She was the daughter of Martha Jane (née Holdsworth) and the Rev William Allen (1847-1919), a prominent evangelical and ecumenical spokesman who served as chairman of the New South Wales Congregational Union. Born in Victoria, she attended Methodist Ladies College, Burwood, after the family moved to Sydney. Her siblings included Prof Leslie Holdsworth Allen (1879-1964) and Sir Carleton Allen (1887-1966). A son, Leigh Holdsworth Allen Phillips, was born in 1911. Elfrida Phillips died in Sydney in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="20724480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724480" title="Ricardo Brown (basketball)">
Ricardo Brown (basketball)

Ricardo Vidal Brown (born May 22, 1957), also known as Ricky Brown, is a former Filipino American professional basketball player. He was drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 3rd Round of the 1979 NBA Draft. Brown played college ball at Pepperdine University in Malibu, California, where he was All-West Coast his Junior and Senior years, and Southern California Player of the Year in 1979. He played for the Philippine National team-Northern Cement coached by Ron Jacobs in the 1980 Jones Cup in Taiwan, where the Philippines won the championship defeating Taiwan, Sweden, Italy, and the United States. Brown also played for the De La Salle Green Archers in 1982.
After his stint with the amateur Northern Cement national training pool then owned by Eduardo Cojuangco and De La Salle Green Archers, he moved on to play professional basketball in the Philippine Basketball Association, where he became the first-ever Filipino-American to play as a 'local' in the PBA. Brown was the 1983 Philippine Basketball Association Rookie of the Year and 1985 Philippine Basketball Association Most Valuable Player. He was also in the Philippine Basketball Association Mythical Five in 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, and 1988. He played for the Great Taste Coffee Makers and the San Miguel Beermen, where he won a total of 7 championships during his PBA career. His ability to evade his defenders and score as well as pin point assists made him one of the best point guards in the Philippine Basketball Association. His moniker then was "The Quick Brown Fox". He holds the All-time PBA career scoring average (23.1 ppg) and PBA All-time Best Assist Average (7.3 per game).
Ricky also made a movie with the great comedian, Dolphy, in 1987 titled 'Action Is Missing: Crack Platoon', which previewed in the 1987 Manila Film Festival. In 2000, Brown was named a member of the PBA's 25 Greatest Players. In October 2009, Ricky was inducted into the PBA Hall of Fame along with former teammates Allan Caidic, Samboy Lim, and Hector Calma.
The year of San Miguel's Grand Slam—3 championships in the same year—Ricky was an integral member of a powerhouse starting five on a San Miguel team that included Hall of Famers Hector Calma, Samboy Lim, and Ramon Fernandez. Many feel this was one of the greatest teams put together in Philippine basketball history. 
Brown is now the Principal of Ross Middle School in Artesia, California, and is the first ever Filipino-American Principal to be named in the prestigious ABC Unified School District. Ricky's Mother, the former Connie Vidal, is from Santa Cruz, Manila. Ricky is married to the former Lorma Sahagun, a Filipina from Ilocos Norte, and has two sons, Justin and Kevan. Kevan was born in Cardinal Santos Hospital in San Juan, Greenhills, an affluent suburb of Metro Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="20724497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724497" title="Gora pri Komendi">
Gora pri Komendi

Gora pri Komendi is a settlement east of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The Slovene writer and editor Ivo Zorman was born in the village in 1926. 
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gora" to "Gora pri Komendi" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20724503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724503" title="Harry Lintsen">
Harry Lintsen

Career.
Lintsen has devoted his career to the development and institutionalisation of history of technology in the Netherlands. One of the highlights has been the establishment of the Foundation for the History of Technology – at Lintsen’s initiative – by the "Koninklijk Instituut van Ingenieurs" (KIvI) in 1988, which to this day remains the most important organization for domestic and international research programmes on the history of technology.
Lintsen has held numerous positions within Eindhoven University of Technology, including vice-dean of the department of Industrial Engineering & Innovation Sciences, Chairman of the study programme committee and Chairman of the General Sciences group. He also regularly serves outside Eindhoven, for example as a member on the Committee for the Heineken History Award, member of the Executive Council of the Society for the History of Technology (SHOT), and is member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences (KNAW).
Lintsen studied physics at the Eindhoven University of Technology. He graduated in 1972 with a specialty in physical technology. In the meantime Lintsen was a research assistant to Prof. Bert Broer. He continued to work in Eindhoven after graduation, being employed as an assistant professor in Science and Society, at the Department of Applied Science.
Between 1974 and 1978 Harry Lintsen worked on a PhD thesis on the rise and development of the engineering profession in The Netherlands in the 19th century. It was published in 1980 as "Ingenieurs in Nederland in de 19e eeuw: Een streven naar erkenning en macht" ("Dutch engineers in the 19th century: The quest for recognition and power"). Supervisors were Bert Broer, B.C. van Houten, and A.L. Mok.
In 1986 Lintsen was named Scientific Director of the Foundation for the History of Technology (Stichting Historie der Techniek), housed at Eindhoven University of Technology. He became full professor sharing his time between Eindhoven and Delft University of Technology in 1990. During the academic year 1994-1995 Lintsen was visiting professor at the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia in the United States.
In 2003 Lintsen was decorated by Queen Beatrix as an Officer in the Order of Orange-Nassau.

</doc>
<doc id="20724521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724521" title="Whitehaven Historic District">
Whitehaven Historic District

Whitehaven Historic District is a national historic district in Whitehaven, Wicomico County, Maryland. It is located at the end of Whitehaven Road (an extension of Maryland Route 352) on the north bank of the Wicomico River. The ferry that crosses the river here has been in continuous operation since 1688 or earlier. The district encompasses a late-19th century village, consisting of the Whitehaven Hotel, church, school, marine railway, and 24 houses dating from the 19th century, two 20th century and one 18th century dwellings. It is one of the oldest towns in this part of Maryland, authorized by the General Assembly in the late 17th century.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20724531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724531" title="IHI Corporation F7">
IHI Corporation F7

The IHI Corporation F7 is a small turbofan engine developed specifically for the Kawasaki P-1 maritime patrol aircraft by IHI Corporation.
Development.
IHI started development work on the high bypass ratio turbofan engine in 1998, based on the low bypass ratio engine XF5-1. and the first prototype XF7-1 was tested from 2000 to 2002. The flight test XF7-10's testing started in 2002.
XF7-10's PFRT (Preliminary Flight Rating Test) started in second quarter 2002, and was completed August 2007 before the XP-1 first flight. PFRT was based on the Military Specification MIL-E-5007D and the original standard about the FADEC system.
Take off thrust is , bypass ratio is 8.2, and SFC is 0.34 kg/h/daN.
Exhaust emission is under the ICAO's standard, NOx is 54%, CO is 33%, UHC is 0.5%, smoke is 74% when standard is 100%.
Strong alloy materials were selected for high corrosion resistance in salt environments, and a sound absorbing panel is mounted.
Noise level is 5~10dB lower than P-3's T56, measurements is 76dB when idling, 70.6dB at take off.
P-1's F7-10 is installed thrust reversal with GE's cowl opening systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20724544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724544" title="Henry Bailey (Canadian politician)">
Henry Bailey (Canadian politician)

Henry Bailey (1818–1897) was a politician in Nova Scotia. He represented the township of Lunenburg from 1855 to 1859 and Lunenburg County from 1859 to 1863 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
Bailey served as registrar of deeds for Lunenburg County from 1871 to 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="20724548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724548" title="Kallara, Thiruvananthapuram">
Kallara, Thiruvananthapuram

Kallara is a village and a Grama Panchayat in Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India. It is located near Karette, a junction in the MC road. 
Kallara is about 40 km away from Thiruvananthapuram city, 7 km distance from State High Way road and 20 km far from National High Way 47. One of the Famous Temple "Kallara Ayiravilly Kshethram". From kallara-Chervalam road (2 km from kallara) Pattara located one of the famous Anjaneya Temple, Pattara valavil kottayil shree anjaneyaswami temple. From, Kallara -Tholikkuzhy road, one can reach the famous "Mahadevarpacha Siva kshetram" Temple about 1 km from Kallara. Famous "Thachonam Sree Devi Kshethram" is around 2km from Kallara town.
Politics.
Assembly constituency: Vamanapuram 
Lok Sabha constituency: Attingal.
References.
Pincode: 695608

</doc>
<doc id="20724557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724557" title="Nika Rurua">
Nika Rurua

Nika Rurua (, born 17 March 1968) is a Georgian politician, and a former member of the Cabinet of Georgia in the capacity of Minister of Culture and Monument Protection of Georgia, from December 10, 2008, to October 25, 2012.
Rurua previously served as the Deputy Chairman of the Committee for Defence and Security of the Parliament of Georgia.
Early life and career.
Born in Tbilisi into an artist's family, Rurua studied at the Meliton Balanchivadze Musical College, after which proceeded to study TV directing at Tbilisi State Shota Rustaveli Institute of Theatre and Film. He graduated from that institute in 1993 and joined the controversial paramilitary organization Mkhedrioni, which was disbanded in 1994. He is one of the few Mkhedrioni members to have emerged as a figure in the Georgian public sphere. 
In 1994 Nikoloz Rurua continued his studies in the United States. In 1998 became the student of Georgia State University College of Law in Atlanta, GA. 
Upon graduation from Georgia State University in 2001 received the degree of Juris Doctor (J.D).
On his return to Georgia, he begins work for GEPLAC (Georgian-European Policy and Legal Advice Centre), where he headed the project on harmonizing Georgian commercial legislation with that of European Union, founded the daily-newspaper "24 Hours" ("24 Saati"), where took up a job of legal observer and editor of the newspaper’s weekly addition "The Law". In 2003 published "The Law of Freedom", a collection of essays and articles.
Political career.
Following the Rose Revolution of 2003, Rurua became a member of the Parliament of Georgia from the United National Movement party. 
During his term in the Parliament, held the post of deputy chairman of the Defence and Security Committee and was the member of the Legal Committee. He also headed the Georgian Parliamentary delegation to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly.
In his capacity of deputy head of Defence and Security Committee, was the initiator of the counter-intelligence legislation. Nikoloz Rurua proposed the draft law against organized crime. Both initiatives proved to be effective in combating the organized crime, its influence on the social and economic life of the country, as well as in limiting activities of hostile intelligence services on the Georgian territory.
In 2005 Rurua established the Museum of Soviet Occupation. The same year he led a group of parliamentarians in bringing the remains of the anti-Soviet military leader Kaikhosro (Kakutsa) Cholokashvili back to Georgia. From 2008 to 2012, Rurua was Minister of Culture and Monument Protection of Georgia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20724564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724564" title="Go Faster Stripe">
Go Faster Stripe

Go Faster Stripe is an independent film production and distribution company that operates out of the Chapter Arts Centre, in Cardiff, Wales. The company specialises in the recording of live shows by stand-up comedians who, while in the public eye, may not normally be able to get a DVD released through a major label, or who want to avoid forms of censorship that they feel may come with mainstream releases.
Initially a baby clothes retailer, the company used its internet presence to diversify into comedy releases in 2005. Go Faster Stripe are closely associated with Stewart Lee and Richard Herring, who first became famous as the Lee and Herring double act in the 1990s, and whose work they have often published. In addition to Herring and Lee, the company has produced media for acts such as Simon Munnery, Lucy Porter and Robin Ince,
As well as CDs and DVDs, they have also released a 10" vinyl and a number of books.
History.
When comedy fan Chris Evans wished to purchase a DVD of comedian Stewart Lee's (co-writer of ) latest live show (90s Comedian) he learned there would not be one: the comic's previous release ("Stewart Lee - Stand Up Comedian", released by 2 Entertain) had sold insufficient copies for a major label to consider a future release profitable. Furthermore, the comedy website Chortle claimed that the show's controversial content dissuaded major distribution companies because of fear of retribution from the fundamentalist Christian movement. 
However, Evans felt that the critically acclaimed show ("Time Out" enthused "should win the Booker prize") should be recorded. He used the name of his existing clothes retail company, Go Faster Stripe, to produce a CD of the show. The CD sold well enough to generate a profit, and Evans quickly shifted the business towards comedy material. Initially specialising in the work of Lee and Herring, Go Faster Stripe has since diversified into a broader range of comedians.
Censorship and Policy.
Go Faster Stripe claim to only release material by comedians whose work they enjoy. Recently, this has involved returning to previously unreleased work, such as Lee and Herring's television show Fist of Fun. So far around 50% of the comedians that have been approached by Go Faster Stripe have had their work recorded. The company does not ask artists to change their show, and does not censor material. For example, in Richard Herring's "ménage à un", he talks explicitly about being masturbated via the hole in the hand of Jesus Christ, which Herring claims most likely have been edited for a mainstream DVD release. In an interview with Australian comedy listings guide The Groggy Squirrel, Richard Herring said of Go Faster Stripe:
Go Faster don't tell us what we can or can't say and are happy to give faithful representations of the material.

</doc>
<doc id="20724584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724584" title="Publius Vitellius the Younger">
Publius Vitellius the Younger

Publius Vitellius was a 1st-century Roman commander under Germanicus, with whom he was friends. He was the son of the eques Publius Vitellius the Elder and belonged to the gens Vitellia - the future emperor Vitellius was Publius the Younger's nephew
In 15 he accompanied Germanicus on his second campaign in Germania. During the retreat Germanicus handed over command of the II Augusta and XIV Gemina legions to Vitellius. The journey back was disastrous, however, with many of the units' troops drowned in a flood. One year later, while Germanicus was preparing for his third and largest campaign in Germania, he sent Vitellius and Gaius Antius to Gaul to collect taxes. On Germanicus's suspicious death in 19 Vitellius was among the proescutors of Gnaius Calpurnius Piso, finally convicted of Germanicus's murder, and Tacitus praises Vitellius's eloquence in the trial.
Vitellius was later among the supporters of Sejanus and upon Sejanus's execution on charges of high treason in 31 Vitellius was also indicted for complicity, having been "praefectus" of the treasury under him. Vitellius and his brother were put under house arrest. Publius then opened his veins with a penknife but, though Tacitus writes that Publius then died, Suetonius believes that he survived the suicide attempt due to his family's pleas only to die shortly afterwards from an illness.
Vitellius married Acutia. She was later convicted of "maiestatis".

</doc>
<doc id="20724598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724598" title="Pakhal Lake">
Pakhal Lake

Pakhal Lake is a man-made lake in the Pakhal wildlife sanctuary in Warangal district, Andhra Pradesh, a state in Southern India.
Importance.
Pakhal Lake, situated amidst undulating forest land hills and dales is a popular retreat for the tourists. The lake, constructed around 1213 A.D. by Kakatiyan Ruler, Ganapathidev and spread over an area of 30 km2., provides a beautiful site. Set around the shores of this lake is the Pakhal Wild Life Sanctuary with an area of 839 km2. It is a dense forest shelter for a variety of fauna.
If, one is lucky, one can spot a tiger or a leopard or a bear and one can find a herd of deer roaming about freely in the wild. The sanctuary is also harbouring Mammals like panthers, hyenas, wolves, wild dogs, jackals, sloth bear, nilgal, porcupine, langoor, Reptiles like python, cobra, common krait, monitor lizard and Crocodiles.
Location.
Pakhal is situaled about 50 km east of Warangal and it is well connected by road passing through the east while taluk headquarters of Narsampet which about 12 km away.

</doc>
<doc id="20724602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724602" title="Ato Agustin">
Ato Agustin

Renato Agustin (born August 1, 1963), better known as Ato "The Atom Bomb" Agustin, is a former Filipino professional basketball player and coach. He played college ball for the Lyceum of the Philippines, before moving on to play professional basketball in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Agustin was the Most Valuable Player awardee of the PBA in 1992. He played for the San Miguel Beermen, Sunkist/Pop Cola, the Sta. Lucia Realtors, and finally, Batang Red Bull. Agustin was named a member of the PBA's 25 Greatest Players in 2000.
He also had a brief stint in with the Pampanga Dragons in the Metropolitan Basketball Association.
He is the former head coach of the San Sebastian Golden Stags men's basketball team in the NCAA, having taken over from Jorge Gallent in 2009, and winning a championship in the same year. In 2010, he became head coach of his former PBA team, the San Miguel Beermen. During the 2011 PBA Governors' Cup, Agustin steered the team (now known as the Petron Blaze Boosters) to the championship, defeating the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in seven games. He became the 9th coach in PBA history to win a title in his first year as head coach.
On July 25, 2013, San Miguel Corporation, owner of Petron Blaze Boosters and Barangay Ginebra San Miguel, announced the appointment of Agustin as interim coach of Barangay Ginebra San Miguel for the 2013 PBA Governor's Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20724618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724618" title="Jan Jindra">
Jan Jindra

Jan Jindra (born March 6, 1932) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Třeboň.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.
Four years later he was part of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the eights competition.
At the 1960 Games he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724631" title="Hani Al-Mazeedi">
Hani Al-Mazeedi

Hani Mansour M. Al-Mazeedi (born 1954) is a Kuwaiti scientist who specializes in Halal requirements, quality and Safety systems for food (HACCP/Pre-requiste programs such as GMP & GHP) and Halal services for the Halal Industry. 
Mazeedi, through Kuwait government (Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs and Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research) and GSO (Gulf Standard Organization) of the GCC Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf, organized the first gulf conference on the Halal Industry and its Services in January 2011.
Work and interests.
Mazeedi has 30 years of continuous work in food quality, especially in the field of Halal. Much of his research has involved Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) in addition to related systems such as Good Health Practices (GHP), Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and programs to formulate the basis for food inspection. He was the first "General Controller of Food Import" for Kuwait City. He was also the first food inspector with a qualified degree in food manufacturing earned at an American university. 
In 1996 he introduced The "McHalal" system for McDonald's, but it was not implemented. In 2009, he was given The Halal Award 2009 by "The Halal Journal" of Malaysia for his personal achievements in servicing Halal for the food industry.
Books.
He has published two books in Arabic, beginning with "Concepts on Food Hygiene" (1998). The second was "Practical Guide to Food Safety" (2002). This book focused on HACCP and related food safety systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20724641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724641" title="Klanec, Komenda">
Klanec, Komenda

Klanec () is a small village in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20724676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724676" title="Freddie Hubalde">
Freddie Hubalde

Alfredo Hubalde (born September 14, 1953), also known as Freddie Hubalde, is a former Filipino professional basketball player. Hubalde played college ball for the Mapúa Institute of Technology, before eventually moving on to play professional basketball in the Philippine Basketball Association. He also has the distinction of being one of the few NCAA high school players playing for the senior team during his stay with Mapua.
Hubalde is a former Most Valuable Player awardee (1977) of the PBA. He played small forward for the Crispa Redmanizers, the Tanduay Rhum Makers, Purefoods, Formula Shell, and finally Añejo Rhum. Hubalde was a low key but reliable offensive player who could turn the game around with his deadly shooting both from the perimeter and, in his later years, from three-point range. He became famous for his off-the-glass jumpers and tight undergoal stabs ("dukot"). On defense, he utilized his patented "back tap" when stripping the player he is guarding of possession. In 2000, he was named a member of the PBA's 25 Greatest Players.
When the mighty Crispa Redmanizers disbanded at the end of the 1984 season, Hubalde and teammate Abet Guidaben moved to Tanduay and instantly transformed the team into a playoff contender. Before the start of the 1985 Third Conference, Guidaben was traded to Manila Beer in exchange for Ramon Fernandez, thus ushering a bright new era for the team still in search of a championship. In the 1986 Reinforced (First) Conference, Tanduay, now led by Fernandez and Hubalde and backstopped by wily point guard Willie Generalao, forwards Jayvee Yango and Padim Israel and superb imports Rob Williams and Andre McKoy, finally won its first ever PBA title. With his steady play and clutch shooting, Hubalde led Tanduay to its second title the following conference, capturing the All-Filipino championship at the expense of Robert Jaworski and Ginebra San Miguel. In the title-clinching game, Hubalde sank two free throws off a Jaworski foul in the waning seconds to win the game for Tanduay. Tanduay would fail in its bid for a grand slam as Ginebra easily won the Open (Third) Conference, thanks to its devastating import combination in Billy Ray Bates and Michael Hackett. The Rhum Makers, however, would bounce back the following year as they dominated the 1987 Open (First) Conference with former Celtic David Thirdkill as import en route to their third championship in the last four conferences. This would be Hubalde's 16th and last chamnpionship (He won 13 with Crispa) in the PBA, making him the second winningest behind Fernandez's 19.
Hubalde is the father of basketball players Frederick "Derrick" Hubalde and Paolo Hubalde of San Miguel Beermen.

</doc>
<doc id="20724679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724679" title="Stanislav Lusk">
Stanislav Lusk

Stanislav Lusk (November 12, 1931 – May 6, 1987) was a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Třeboň and died in Prague.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the Czechoslovak boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event.
Four years later he was part of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the eights competition.
At the 1960 Games he won the bronze medal with the Czechoslovak boat in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724682" title="Bolinda, Victoria">
Bolinda, Victoria

Bolinda is a small town and locality north of Melbourne, Australia on the Melbourne-Lancefield Road. It is 6 km. south of Romsey, within the Shire of Macedon Ranges.
John Brock, one of the first British settlers in the Bolinda district, named his station "Bullando Vale". However, it is not clear whether this is connected in any way to the present name.
Bolinda Post Office opened on 12 June 1879 and closed in 1980.
The community today is centred on the primary school (established 1870), community hall and recreation reserve.
Bolinda was an intermediate stopping point on the Clarkefield-Lancefield railway which operated between 1881 and 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20724707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724707" title="Hank Mobley and His All Stars">
Hank Mobley and His All Stars

Hank Mobley and His All Stars is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley, released on the Blue Note label in 1957 as BLP 1544. It was recorded on January 13, 1957 and features Mobley, Milt Jackson, Horace Silver, Doug Watkins and Art Blakey.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "An above-average effort from some of the best.".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Hank Mobley"

</doc>
<doc id="20724712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724712" title="Miroslav Koranda">
Miroslav Koranda

Miroslav Koranda (November 6, 1934 – 2008) was a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague. In 1952 he was the coxswain of the Czechoslovak boat which won the gold medal in the coxed fours event. Four years later he was the coxswain of the Czechoslovak boat which was eliminated in the semi-final of the eights competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20724723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724723" title="Komendska Dobrava">
Komendska Dobrava

Komendska Dobrava () is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20724745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724745" title="List of schools in Kelantan">
List of schools in Kelantan

This is a list of schools in Kelantan, Malaysia. It is categorized according to the variants of schools in Malaysia, and is arranged alphabetically.
Islamic religious schools.
Secondary education: "Sekolah Menengah Agama (SMA)".
sek.ren.ugama al-hilal

</doc>
<doc id="20724748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724748" title="Delhi-6">
Delhi-6

Delhi-6 () is a 2009 Hindi-language Indian drama film directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra and starring Abhishek Bachchan, Sonam Kapoor, Om Puri, Waheeda Rahman, Rishi Kapoor, Atul Kulkarni, Deepak Dobriyal and Divya Dutta. The story is reportedly based on Mehra's growing up years in Chandni Chowk area of Old Delhi. The number 6 refers to the Postal Index Number (PIN) code of Chandni Chowk area of Old Delhi, a shortened form of 110006. It is Mehra's third film after "Aks" and "Rang De Basanti". The acclaimed score and soundtrack was composed by A. R. Rahman. It released on 20 February 2009 and won the Nargis Dutt Award for Best Feature Film on National Integration at 57th National Film Awards.
Plot.
Roshan (Abhishek Bachchan) accompanies his dying grandmother Annapurna (Waheeda Rahman) to their ancestral property in crowded Delhi. Roshan is initially stunned by the mad rush of neighbours: Ali Baig (Rishi Kapoor) the renaissance man, feuding brothers Madangopal (Om Puri) and Jaigopal (Pavan Malhotra), their wives and families, Mamdu (Deepak Dobriyal) the "halwai", Gobar (Atul Kulkarni) the simpleton, Sethji and many others. Roshan eventually warms to the place and wholeheartedly embraces the sense of community. He accompanies his grandmother to the "Ramleela"s, hangs out at Mamdu's sweet stall, plays with the children, and gradually becomes steeped in the culture.
Roshan is also slowly exposed to some sobering realities. When Annapurna faints (due to fluctuating blood sugar levels) and they scramble to get her to a hospital, he finds the roads choked by traffic because of an impromptu ceremony around a cow in labour; he is further surprised when his grandmother, despite her stupor, stumbles forth to seek the blessings of a sacred cow; and he is astounded when the local police seem to encourage the practice. Roshan begins to understand the feuds and social issues in the community. Madangopal's sister Rama (Aditi Rao Hydari) is unwed (at an age when spinsterhood is a significant social no-no) and Jaigopal's electrical business is going nowhere. The lecherous old local money lender Lala Bhairam (Prem Chopra) is married to a young woman who, in turn, is having an affair with a young photo-studio hand Suresh (Cyrus Sahukar). Suresh is a double timer who is also pursuing Madangopal's daughter Bittu (Sonam Kapoor). Bittu secretly wants out of the stuck-in-time Old Delhi; she secretly prepares to audition for a popular reality show Indian Idol in the hope that she will win her way to Mumbai. Roshan comes to appreciate Ali Baig's cosmopolitan tastes and is surprised to learn that he fancied his mother many years ago and has since never married. And Roshan comes to empathise with the lower-caste trash collector girl Jalebi (Divya Dutta) who must endure untouchability at social functions except for when some of the brutish locals seek company. Roshan crosses paths with the loutish inspector Ranvijay who blithely stretches his authorities to manhandle the locals and becomes acquainted with the assembly-woman who displays political power at every opportunity.
In the meantime, the news media is all abuzz with tales of a fearsome terror known only as the "Kala Bandar" (The Black Monkey). This miscreant (never shown clearly in the film) attacks people, steals and has caused the death of a few innocent people. (These deaths are mostly accidental, as in the example of a pregnant housewife who was supposedly startled by a silhouette and fell down a flight of stairs or the unfortunate man who was briefly zapped by a live electric wire.) Nonetheless, the local news picks up on every move by the "kala bandar" and loudly blares about all his exploits. Jaigopal, the self-proclaimed electronics genius, theorises that the "kala bandar" likely has an electrical circuit (to zap his victims) and may be electrocuted by water; this rumour is quickly propagated.
The film takes several turns. After some initial friction, Roshan and Bittu warm to each other. Roshan intervenes when Bittu is about to receive a prospective suitor arranged by Madangopal. He echoes Bittu's desire to pursue other dreams; this drives the suitor away and brings Madangopal's wrath upon him. He gradually begins to fall in love with her but is confused when Bittu expresses her affections for Suresh (she believes he will support her dreams). Around this time, the "kala bandar" attacks Old Delhi. The simple-minded locals bring in a "tantrik Shani baba" to exorcise the demonic influence of the "kala bandar". After an extended "havan" ceremony, the "tantrik baba," clearly an self-aggrandizing actor who dislikes the inter-religious equality practised in the community, speculates that the local mosque must have been built over the ruins of a temple that was demolished for the purpose. He thus initiates a vicious cycle of animosity in the previously harmonious Hindu-Muslim community. After the initial peaceful demonstrations (by rallies and angry meetings), a mob goes on rampage and attacks some of the Muslims and their shops. This prompts one Muslim shop-owner, Mamdu, to set fire to the tree temple. Roshan attempts to make peace but is rebuffed because of his mixed religious parentage. The locals ultimately settle on the fact that the "kala bandar" is hiding out in the "sooni galli" (a dark lane known to harbour evil presences) and must be destroyed. They command the simpleton Gobar to fetch a lock of hair from the evil enemy so that the "tantrik" can burn it and complete the exorcism.
Roshan becomes aware of Bittu's plan to elope with Suresh and that Suresh is a low-life two timer. He dons a monkey mask and outfit and stealthily follows Bittu by leaping across the rooftops. In the meantime Gobar ventures into the "sooni galli" where Jalebi gives him a lock of her hair so he may return in triumph and bring peace to the community. At that moment, Roshan (in his monkey outfit) intercedes in Bittu and Suresh's rendezvous and causes the cowardly Suresh to flee. Bittu raises a loud alarm before Roshan unmasks himself, Roshan tells Bittu he loves her where she also responds to his feelings,the two share a hug, whereupon the angry locals storm the place. Believing Roshan to be the "kala bandar", they beat him to within an inch of his life and Mamdu shoots him. Then, Gobar comes up with a startling deduction about the reality of the "kala bandar"; that the "kala bandar" is in fact the vices residing inside the people of Delhi 6 and something that the people must defeat within themselves. In the end the neighborhood realizes this and helps Roshan to reach a hospital with the help of an ambulance. But while on the way, Roshan does not respond to the treatment leaving people to believe that he died. In the meanwhile Roshan meets his grandfather (pretends to be after his death) in the terrace of a building in Delhi. Roshan's grandfather (Amitabh) reveals that there is a Kala Bandar in his heart and that is why he wanted to ask forgiveness to his mom for not accepting their inter-religious marriage. After that he said he will meet him once again. Roshan responds to his treatment and everyone is happy that he is not dead. The film ends with Roshan understanding the diversity of Delhi 6. 
During the end credits, the important characters appears before the mirror and reveal their emotions during their days in Delhi 6.
Production.
Development and casting.
In the early stages of development it was rumoured that Rakeysh was going to cast newcomers for his next film. It was even reported that Aamir Khan's nephew Imran Khan would make his debut with "Delhi-6" but this was later revealed to be "Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na". Frequent changes in casting made headlines, with Hrithik Roshan being set to play the main character and then being reportedly replaced by Ranbir Kapoor. Even Akshay Kumar was supposed to play the lead but refused. Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra stated that Abhishek Bachchan was always the first choice for "Delhi-6". Date problems for Abhishek Bachchan caused delays, but it all worked out in the end with Abhishek portraying the lead actor. Sonam Kapoor was paired as the leading female character opposite Abhishek Bachchan. Rishi Kapoor and Tanvi Azmi are also a part of the film. The film went on the floors 20 February 2009. Amitabh Bachchan plays the grandfather to Roshan, played by Abhishek Bachchan, whereas Waheeda Rahman plays the grandmother of the same. Gulshan Grover plays Abhishek Bachchan's dad. 
Filming.
Production designer Samir Chanda, who had earlier worked with Mehra on "Aks" (2001) and "Rang De Basanti" (2006), recreated inner lanes of Old Delhi at Sambhar, a town in Rajasthan with similar architecture. Also for some scenes, historic Jama Masjid was digitally added to the frame as a backdrop. Editing was done by Meghna Aschit and Rakeysh's wife Bharthi. In an interview Rakeysh said that he was not involved with the editing.
Promotion.
"Delhi-6" was first unveiled on the Dubai International Film Festival. Following the screening was an interactive question and answer round, consisting of the director with the rest of the starcast and a vast audience. During this interaction, Rakeysh spoke about his key influences and the theme of the film, while actors described their experience of working with Rakeysh. A video featuring Abhishek and Sonam's interview can be watched in the reference along with this section. The official trailer was released on 4 January 2009 which featured scenes from Delhi along with Jama Masjid, theatre groups, Red Fort at night, Sonam Kapoor coming out of a public escalator at central park in Delhi and finally Abhishek watching Sonam dancing with the pigeon "Masakalli" on her head.
Release.
The film was supposed to be released on 13 February 2009, but A. R. Rahman's continued absence from the project led to a delay release. The background score remained incomplete and delayed release by one week."Delhi-6" finally released on 20 February 2009 and premiered in New Delhi on 19 February 2009. It had its first screening on 15 February 2009 in New York.
Reception.
Critical reception.
As of 11 March 2009, Rotten Tomatoes has given the film a 33% rating with 3 "fresh" and 6 "rotten" reviews. The average score is 3 March 2010.
Pratim D. Gupta of "The Telegraph" gave two thumbs up, calling it a must-watch for just its "overwhelming audio-visual eruption". Nikhat Kazmi of "Times of India" rated it three out of five stars, saying, "Watch it for the message of "Delhi-6" and the "ekdum desi" India-feel". Anupama Chopra of "NDTV" said that the film is a noble failure: ""Delhi-6" is ambitious and well-intentioned, but good intentions don’t always translate into good cinema". Rajeev Masand of "CNN-IBN" gave it 3 stars, saying that it's a story with heart and "Delhi-6" isn't great cinema like Mehra's "Rang De Basanti" and has a frustrating climax. Rachel Saltz of the "New York Times" stated ""Delhi-6" can be maddeningly vague, which robs its ending...of the impact it intends". Shashi Baliga of "Hindustan Times" gave the film 3 out of 5 saying "Mehra sure has his heart in the right place. But couldn’t he have allowed himself… and us, a little more fun?" Arthur J Pais of Rediff.com gave a much better verdict remarking the film's innovative style and storyline. Amanda Sodhi posted an in-depth write-up about "Delhi-6" on PassionForCinema.com, defending it against flak it was receiving.
Music.
A.R. Rahman is the music director of this film. Prasoon Joshi is the lyricist. The music was released on 14 January 2009 at the "Indian Idol 4" competition. The first video of the song "Masakalli" was released featuring Sonam and Abhishek with a pigeon. However, the song was not part of the original film. According to the director, "The song was not really meant to be part of the narrative. I mean, who would think of putting in a song about a dove in a film like 'Delhi-6'? It just happened. When I came to the pre-climax portion of my script, I was stuck. I needed a continuity link taking the narrative to its finale". Other videos released include the title track "Delhi-6", the romantic interlude "Rehna Tu" as well as the folky "Genda Phool," an adaptation of a folk song from Chhattisgarh.
Track listing.
The official track listing.
Inspiration.
Reports of "Kala Bandar" (Black Monkey) attacks in the city of Delhi as shown in the film are inspired by real reports of much publicised monkey or monkeyman attacks in and around Delhi in 2001. 
Kala bandar has been shown as symbolic character for a bad thing. In this film it has a deep meaning. Kala bandar is inside every person who is doing something wrong. We have to kill that kala bandar within ourself.

</doc>
<doc id="20724763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724763" title="Kristina Rose">
Kristina Rose

Kristina Rose (born April 14, 1984) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress.
Life and career.
At age 18, Rose first worked for an adult website doing customer service. When the company moved, she was laid off, and the only companies that responded to her resume were adult-related companies. She became an assistant for a photographer who encouraged her to model, but she did not start modeling until she was 23 years-old.
Rose began appearing in adult films around 2007, and she has since appeared in over 490 movies. She performed her first anal sex scene in Elegant Angel's 2008 movie "Kristina Rose: Dirty Girl" and her first DP in the 2009 movie "Kristina Rose Is Slutwoman".
Other ventures.
Rose starred in the music video for the song "Why? Where? What?" by rap duo "King Fantastic". She also provided guest vocals on the mixtape, Zero Heroes, by XV.

</doc>
<doc id="20724771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724771" title="Pierre Blondiaux">
Pierre Blondiaux

Pierre Auguste Blondiaux (January 23, 1922 – April 14, 2003) was a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724788" title="Jean-Jacques Guissart">
Jean-Jacques Guissart

Jean-Jacques Guissart (August 5, 1927 – September 15, 2008) was a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724793" title="Broughton, Wrexham">
Broughton, Wrexham

Broughton () is a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales. It has an area of 469 hectares and had a population of 6,498 in the 2001 census. 
History.
Broughton was recorded in the reign of Henry VII as one of the townships of the manor of Eglwysegle (a name preserved in the area known as Eglwyseg near Llangollen), part of the lordship of Bromfield. The Wrexham historian Alfred Neobard Palmer noted:
Three villages Broughton are situated in that part of Wales which was settled by Englishmen. They appear in Domesday as "Brochetune" or "Broctune," which can hardly mean anything else than "Brook-town". The brook which may have given the Bromfield Broughton its name is now almost always dry, but "Rhyd Broughton" (or Broughton ford) preserves the memory of it.
Under the ecclesiastical administration the township of Broughton was part of the parish of Wrexham, and later of Brymbo. Population changes led to it being made a parish in its own right in 1909.
The corresponding civil parish of Broughton, which was ultimately based on the boundaries of the ancient township, became the community of Broughton under the terms of the Local Government Act 1972. It today contains the villages of Moss, Pentre Broughton, Brynteg, New Broughton, Southsea and Caego. The majority of the villages date from the 19th century, when the area became heavily industrialised through coal mining and its proximity to the Brymbo Steelworks; most of the mines were located in the area known as Moss Valley, along with a number in Pentre Broughton near Brymbo such as the Brynmally and Pwll Cadi collieries.
Most of the area's coal mines had closed by the 1930s and the Moss Valley has now been reclaimed as a park. Continuing development has urbanised much of the rest of the community's area, with some agricultural land remaining in the south and east.

</doc>
<doc id="20724797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724797" title="API 560">
API 560

API 560 is the code of practice issued by American Petroleum Institute (API) for the design and manufacture of Fired Heaters. The full title of this standard is "Fired Heaters for General Refinery Service".
The latest edition was issued in August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20724802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724802" title="Fire in the Winter Palace">
Fire in the Winter Palace

The fire in the Winter Palace of Saint Petersburg, then the official residence of the Tsars of the Russian Empire, occurred on December 17, 1837 and was caused by soot inflammation. 
The Palace burned for three days, during which time the glow was visible for 50-70 verstas (50–75 km / 30-45 mi). Thirty guardsmen died in the blaze, although nearly all the displays were saved (notably the imperial throne, guards banners, portraits of Russian generals from the Field Marshall's Hall and Military Gallery and the utensils of the Grand Church).
Events.
The fire broke out after smoke from an unswept chimney had seeped through an unchoked vent in a partition between the wooden and main walls in the Field Marshal's Hall. The wall begun to smoulder and a fire broke out in the roof of the Peter the Great Hall. The dry waxed floors and the oil-painted fretwork caught fire immediately.
The Court were at the Michael's Theatre when an aide-de-camp entered the imperial box and informed Prince Volkonsky, one of the ministers then present. The prince gave him orders and continued to look quietly on at the performance. Half-an-hour later the aide-de-camp returned, and this time the prince spoke to the Emperor Nicholas I. 
To prevent the fire from spreading to the Hermitage, Nicholas I called for immediate dismantling of the galleries' roofs which joined the Hermitage with the main building. However, the fire fighting was hindered when the privy-councillor of the Empress, Chambeau, stated:
The Preobrazhensky Lifeguard Regiment's battalion was first to come from the troops as being situated nearby. The retired Major-General Baranovich told later how the 10th Navy Crew's private Nestor Troyanov and the commissary department joiner Abram Dorofeev managed to save the image of the Christ the Saviour from the already burning iconostasis. Each man was awarded three hundred rubles with Troyanov being transferred to Guards.
The official reports stated that there were no casualties until an eyewitness, Kolokoltsov, exposed the figures in 1882. 
The facades and parade halls were restored by Vasily Stasov and inner rooms by Alexander Briullov. In 1838-39 the fire walls, new stone and cast-iron staircases as well as new funnels were installed. All the wood was replaced by iron, cast-iron and brick. By the end of 1838 the expenses on these works had exceeded 100,000 rubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20724804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724804" title="Dashi Station">
Dashi Station

Dashi Station () is a station of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operation on 28December 2006. It is located under the New Moon Pearl Garden () in the Dashi Subdistrict (), Panyu District, which is near the Xinguang Express Way ().

</doc>
<doc id="20724818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724818" title="List of Bengali films of 2002">
List of Bengali films of 2002

This is a list of Bengali films produced by the West Bengal film industry and the Bangladeshi film industry in 2002.
Highest grossing.
Sathi was the highest grossing film of 2002 collecting over 5 times of its budget.

</doc>
<doc id="20724822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724822" title="Pete Meegan">
Pete Meegan

Peter James Meegan (November 13, 1862 – March 15, 1905), also known as "Steady" Pete, was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched for two seasons; one with the 1884 Richmond Virginians, and the other for the 1885 Pittsburg Alleghenys, both of the American Association.
Career.
Born in San Francisco, California, he made his major league debut for Richmond on August 12, 1884, when the Virginians joined the Association as a late season replacement team. He started 22 games that season, completed all of them, and threw one shutout. In 179 innings pitched, he struck out 106 batters, and had a 4.32 ERA along with a 7-12 win-loss record. After the season ended, the Virginians folded.
For the 1885 season, Meegan joined the Pittsburg Alleghenys, and had a 7-8 win-loss record in 18 games pitched. He started 16 of those games, completed 14, and recorded one shutout. He also struck out 58 batters in 146 innings pitched. This was his last Major League season.
Post-career.
Meegan died in his hometown of San Francisco at the age of 42, and is interred at Holy Cross Cemetery in Colma, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20724829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724829" title="List of 2008 box office number-one films in Australia">
List of 2008 box office number-one films in Australia

This is a list of films which placed number-one at the weekend box office in Australia during 2008. Amounts are in Australian dollars. 

</doc>
<doc id="20724842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724842" title="The Byrds discography">
The Byrds discography

The Byrds were an American rock band that were formed in Los Angeles, California in 1964. Although the band only enjoyed the huge commercial success of contemporaries like The Beatles or The Beach Boys for a short period of time (1965–1966), they were pivotal in originating the musical styles of folk rock, psychedelic rock, raga rock, and country rock. The band underwent several line-up changes throughout its existence, with frontman Roger McGuinn remaining the sole consistent member of the group until their disbandment in 1973.
The Byrds' discography was originally released on the vinyl format, as full-length LPs, shorter EPs, and singles. Since the 1960s, the band's back catalogue has also been released on reel-to-reel tape, audio cassette, 8-track tape, CD, MiniDisc, and, most recently, as digital downloads. Between 1965 and 1968, The Byrds' albums were released in both mono and stereo variations, with "Sweetheart of the Rodeo" being the first album to be released exclusively in stereo in the U.S. ("Sweetheart of the Rodeo" and its follow-up "Dr. Byrds & Mr. Hyde" were both issued in mono and stereo configurations in the UK).
The bulk of the band's releases were issued on Columbia Records or its subsidiaries, with a notable exception being their final studio album from 1973. This final album, titled "Byrds", and its accompanying singles ("Full Circle", "Things Will Be Better", and "Cowgirl in the Sand") were all released on Asylum Records. In addition, the band released a single under the pseudonym of The Beefeaters in October 1964 on Elektra Records (Pye Records in the UK), before they had signed a recording contract with Columbia. 
The Byrds' albums began to appear on compact disc sporadically during the late 1980s and early 1990s, both on Columbia and on re-issue labels like Edsel and BGO. Starting in 1996, all eleven of the band's Columbia studio albums were reissued on Columbia/Legacy in remastered editions with bonus tracks. This article lists all of the band's U.S. and UK studio albums, live albums, official compilations, EPs, and singles. Releases originating from or exclusive to other international territories are not included.
Compilations.
There have been many compilation albums by The Byrds released since 1967, with the majority of these collections consisting of material recorded between 1965 and 1971, a period when the band were with Columbia Records. In addition, four compilations of material recorded before the group secured a recording contract with Columbia have been released under the titles "Preflyte", "In the Beginning", "The Preflyte Sessions" and "Preflyte Plus". Two compilations of rare and previously unissued material have also been released as "Never Before" and "Another Dimension". There have so far been two Byrds' box sets issued: "The Byrds" (October 1990) and the more recent "There Is a Season" (September 2006). Also, excerpts of the band's performance at the Monterey Pop Festival have been released on "The Monterey International Pop Festival" CD box set and among the extras on the "Monterey Pop" DVD.
Extended plays.
CBS Records released two Byrds EPs in the UK during 1966, featuring tracks taken from the band's first three albums. Then, in 1971, Columbia Records and Scholastic Books released an EP in the United States to tie-in with the publication of Bud Scoppa's biography of The Byrds. A further three EPs were released in the UK between 1983 and 1990 on various record labels. 

</doc>
<doc id="20724855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724855" title="Marc Bouissou">
Marc Bouissou

Marc Émile Bouissou (born April 6, 1931) is a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724858" title="Catherine Hakim">
Catherine Hakim

Catherine Hakim (born 30 May 1948) is a British sociologist who specializes in women's employment and women's issues. She has worked in British central government, and as a Senior Research Fellow in the London School of Economics. She is currently a Senior Research Fellow at the Centre for Policy Studies. She has published extensively on labour market topics, women's employment, sex discrimination, social and family policy, as well as social statistics and research design. She has published over 100 articles in academic journals and edited collections, and over a dozen textbooks and research monographs. She is best known for developing preference theory and her criticism of many feminist assumptions about women's employment. Her most recent books develop a new theory of "erotic capital". and its power in all social interaction, in the workplace, politics and in public life generally as well as in the invisible negotiations of private relationships.
She is a member of the editorial boards of the "European Sociological Review" and "International Sociology".
She has been Principal Research Officer in the Department of Employment's Social Science Branch for ten years and Director of the ESRC Data Archive from 1989 to 1990. She was a Senior Research Fellow at the London School of Economics between 1990 and 2003, when she chose to resign from this position. However, she continued to be affiliated with the institution where she still had an office, and was listed both as a visiting scholar and as a senior research fellow at the institution's website until 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20724871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724871" title="Laurinaitis">
Laurinaitis

Laurinaitis is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20724884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724884" title="Roger Gautier">
Roger Gautier

Roger Gautier (July 11, 1922 – May 25, 2011) was a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the silver medal in the coxless fours event.

</doc>
<doc id="20724938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724938" title="Hank (album)">
Hank (album)

Hank is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Blue Note label in 1957 as BLP 1560, and features Mobley, Donald Byrd, John Jenkins, Bobby Timmons, Wilbur Ware and Philly Joe Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars".

</doc>
<doc id="20724983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724983" title="Ed Ocampo">
Ed Ocampo

Edgardo L. Ocampo (October 5, 1938 – 1999), also known as Ed Ocampo and Eddie Ocampo, was a Filipino basketball player and head coach. 
Ocampo was born in Pampanga, Philippines on October 5, 1938. He played college ball for the Ateneo de Manila University, where he led the team to back-to-back NCAA men's basketball championships (1957 and 1958). Later, he played for the YCO Painters in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association, the top basketball league of the Philippines at that time. Ocampo was a regular member of the Philippines' national basketball team, where he represented the country in the Olympics four times. 
In later years, Ocampo coached Royal Tru-Orange (1978-1980), the Toyota Super Corollas (1981-1983), Shell (1986-1987) and Pepsi (1990) in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). He won a total of four PBA championships as a coach.
Ocampo died in 1999 at the age of 61.
Ocampo was posthumously inducted into the PBA Hall of Fame on November 17, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20724990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20724990" title="Weapons of mass destruction in popular culture">
Weapons of mass destruction in popular culture

Weapons of mass destruction and their related impacts have been a mainstay of popular culture since the beginning of the Cold War, as both political commentary and humorous outlet.
Early humorous reference to WMDs.
A 1955 episode of the radio comedy series "Hancock's Half Hour", titled "The Chef That Died of Shame", contains a joke about a UN delegate wanting a chef's dumplings added to a list of "Banned Weapons of Mass Destruction".
Nuclear weapons as a central theme in movies.
Nuclear weapons have been a central theme of movies since "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951); two of the most famous are "" (1964) and "Fail-Safe" (1964). Biological weapons have also featured, as in "Twelve Monkeys" (1995). Several early James Bond films involve a madman, most notably Ernst Stavro Blofeld of the fictional terrorist organization S.P.E.C.T.R.E., who intends to use either nuclear or biological weapons in the quest for world domination. This has been parodied in the Austin Powers series with Dr. Evil.
In science fiction.
The mocking of the term "weapons of mass destruction" dates back well before the Iraq War, with Hugh Cook's 1992 fantasy novel "The Witchlord and the Weaponmaster" satirically mentioned that the avalanche is a terrible weapon of mass destruction, outlawed by civilised countries in the conduct of war.
The novel "Dune" discusses atomic weapons, and its sequel "Dune Messiah" employs one called a Stone Burner. In the "Star Wars" universe, the Death Star is a moveable, multi-use WMD (meaning that it, unlike most WMD missiles, can be used thousands of times.) In the "Babylon 5" universe, WMDs have been used a number of times, most directly by the Earth Alliance (the Earth-Minbari War uses nuclear weapons), the Army of Light (the Shadow War, also nuclear), the Centauri (Narn-Centauri War, planetary bombardment with asteroids by mass drivers), as well as on their own planet on the Isle of Selini to rid themselves of the Shadows (nuclear), and the Drakh (biological warfare against Earth). 
In "", a 1997 episode of "", Captain Janeway describes the Borg's multikinetic neutronic mine as a weapon of mass destruction.
In many real-time strategy video games, each playable army would be able to construct a WMD or 'superweapon' to use in battle, which can be similar to WMDs found today or different from current technology.
The invasion of Iraq in search of Sadam Hussein's alleged WMDs.
In the context of the lead-up to the invasion of Iraq under the guise of Saddam Hussein's alleged WMDs, the phrase became ubiquitous. A parody based on Internet Explorer's "404 Not Found" message was created, poking fun at the state of international affairs, and for a time was the #1 hit for the Google search "weapons of mass destruction". Similarly, at the annual Radio and Television Correspondents Dinner, February 24, 2004, George W. Bush joked about being unable to find WMD in Iraq, saying "Those weapons of mass destruction must be somewhere", while showing images of himself searching the White House for something. In 2003 an EasyJet advertising campaign attracted controversy with a billboard ad featuring a woman's breasts with the phrase "discover weapons of mass distraction". 
Sue Townsend continued her best-selling series of comic-political novels with the 2004 "Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction". The eponymous hero trusts Tony Blair implicitly, and writes to him asking for proof of the WMDs' existence, so he can get a refund from the travel agency where he had deposited some money for a holiday in Cyprus, since this island is now apparently no longer safe to travel to.
In the 2004 episode of "The Sopranos", titled "All Happy Families...", a parole inspector asks Feech Le Manna to open his garage., where Feech has hidden contraband that, if found, could return him to prison. Feech quips, "that's where I make my weapons of mass destruction", in hopes the inspector will be dissuaded by the pop culture reference to the United States' inability to find Sadam Hussein's WMDs in Iraq.
"Weapons of Mass Destruction" is the title of an album released by the rapper Xzibit in 2004, who also called a car featured on "Pimp My Ride" a WMD. Faithless released the album "No Roots" in 2004 which contained the single "Mass Destruction", whose lyrics describe negative traits such as fear, racism, greed and inaction as "weapons of mass destruction".
The 2005 series, "Doctor Who", contained a double episode about an alien invasion in London. In one scene, when discussing whether or not an attack on the aliens' space craft was warranted, politicians claimed it was necessary because the aliens had "massive weapons of destruction" which could be deployed "within forty-five seconds"a reference to Prime Minister Tony Blair's claim in the lead-up to the Iraq War that Saddam Hussein had WMDs could be deployed within 45 minutes. In "The Simpsons" "Treehouse of Horror XVII", aliens Kang and Kodos, spoofing the Iraq War, claim that they had to invade, as Earth was working on "Weapons of Mass Disintegration." In the episode ("Rekognize") of Da Ali G Show, Ali mistakenly refers to WMDs as "BLTs" (an acronym for the popular sandwich made of bacon, lettuce, and tomato), going so far as to ask if there was mustard gas in the BLTs.
In 2005, the Paranoia RPG published a collection of new Straight-style missions under the title "WMD". Each mission revolved around a plot device with the initials WMD. At least one of the missions involved an actual device that might have been a WMD; but, in general they simply focused on situations rife with a sense of stress, uncertainty and fear. The American TV series "24" typically features a different weapon of mass destruction in each season: the second, fourth and sixth seasons feature nuclear weapons, the third and seventh feature weaponized viruses, and the fifth, VX nerve gas, a chemical weapon of mass destruction. In the "Nextwave" comic book the Beyond Corporation© is testing out "Unusual Weapons of Mass Destruction" within the US, starting with a weapon called Fin Fang Foom.
In the video game ' and ', there is a map named Nuketown in which a nuclear bomb goes off in the background when a round ends. Additionally, in the first game's singleplayer story, the USA is under the threat of a national attack from a German-Soviet chemical called "Nova 6", a green nerve toxin that kills nearly instantly as it is inhaled.
The Big Show uses a Knockout punch called WMD.
Biological WMDs.
The 2008 literary thriller "The Quick and The Dead" by Matthew John Lee describes the aftermath of an attack on the British Isles using an enhanced smallpox virus. ISBN 978-1-906050-78-8.

</doc>
<doc id="20725024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725024" title="Anatoly Zhabotinsky">
Anatoly Zhabotinsky

Anatoly Markovich Zhabotinsky (Анато́лий Ма́ркович Жаботи́нский) (January 17, 1938 – September 16, 2008) created a theory of the Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction in the 1960s and published a comprehensive body of experimental data on chemical wave propagation and pattern formation in nonuniform media. The reaction had been discovered by Boris Pavlovich Belousov in the early 1950s. From 1991 until his death, Zhabotinsky was a faculty at Brandeis University in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="20725053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725053" title="Datang Station">
Datang Station

Datang Station () is a station of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 28December 2006. It is located underground Datang Village () in Xinjiao Dong Road (), Haizhu District. It is near the Taxation Bureau of Haizhu district () and the Tianxiong Cloth Market Center ().

</doc>
<doc id="20725057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725057" title="Križ, Komenda">
Križ, Komenda

Križ () is a village in the Municipality of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Paul. There used to be a castle on a small hill above the settlement, but this was burned down and demolished by the Partisans in November 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="20725094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725094" title="1990 Nissan Sydney 500">
1990 Nissan Sydney 500

The 1990 Nissan Sydney 500 was a 500 kilometre touring car race held on 10 November 1990 at Eastern Creek Raceway in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The race, which was open to Group 3A Touring Cars, was the final round of both the 1990 Australian Endurance Championship and the 1990 Australian Manufacturers' Championship.
Divisional structure.
Cars competed in three engine capacity divisions.
Division 1.
Division 1, for cars of 3001cc and Over engine capacity, featured the turbocharged Ford Sierras, Nissan Skylines and Toyota Supras and V8 Holden Commodores.
Division 2.
Division 2, for cars of 1601 to 3000cc engine capacity, was composed of BMW M3s, a BMW 323i and a Mercedes-Benz 190E.
Division 3.
Division 3, for cars of Up to 1600cc engine capacity, was composed various models of Toyota Corolla and Toyota Sprinter.
Official results.
Race results as follows:
See also.
1990 Australian Touring Car season

</doc>
<doc id="20725106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725106" title="John McKinnon (Nova Scotia politician)">
John McKinnon (Nova Scotia politician)

John McKinnon (November 20, 1808 – ) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Sydney County and later Antigonish County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1850 to 1867.
He was born in Dorchester, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, the son of John McKinnon, an immigrant from Scotland, and was educated in Dorchester. In 1834, he married Jeannet Chisholm. He was a minister without portfolio in the province's Executive Council from 1857 to 1860 and from 1863 to 1867. In 1868, he was named to the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia. McKinnon also served as an Agricultural Commissioner for Nova Scotia.
His son John J. McKinnon also served in the provincial assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20725131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725131" title="The Pursuit of Laughter">
The Pursuit of Laughter

The Pursuit of Laughter is a 2008 collection of diaries, articles, reviews and portraits by Diana Mitford. The book was published by Gibson Square and edited by Martin Rynja. Mitford's sister, Deborah Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire, provides the introduction. The title is a homage to another Mitford sister's book, Nancy Mitford's "The Pursuit of Love".
Overview.
The book includes several of her articles, diaries and book reviews previously published in "The European", a cultural magazine she also edited during its tenure in the 1950s. Similar works published for publications such as "Tatler", "London Evening Standard", "The Spectator", "The Daily Mail", "The Times", "The Sunday Times" and "Books & Bookmen" have also been republished. The collection also includes selected portraits from her 1977 autobiography, "A Life of Contrasts" and her 1985 publication of pen portraits, "Loved Ones".
Reception.
The book received a wide UK release in December 2008 and has so far been generally favorably reviewed. Although several reviewers were not able to reconcile Mitford's previous association with the Nazi regime.
The book has also been satirized by the "Digested Read" column in The Guardian. 
Valerie Grove of "The Times" attempted to distance herself from any political position in reviewing the book "I hope I can praise Diana Mosley without being suspected of fascist sympathies". She continued with praise "Her opening gambits are arresting...Dipping into this book at your bedside is like browsing in a great nonfiction library stuffed with lives and letters, each subject brightly and sharply illuminated." 
David Sexton of the "Evening Standard" described the book as "Sharp, funny, debunking." But he criticized her political positions citing "her completely unrepentant support not just of her beloved Mosley but of "the Führer" as she continued to call him (attentive to titles, she liked to snub Churchill by referring to him as "Mr Churchill") is ultimately indefensible and that fact has to be faced, not sidestepped or swept under the carpet." 
"Like her thin, upright, elegant figure her prose, which she did not begin to write until in her 40s, has no fat on it - a succinctness also to be found in her letters...She was also the possessor of an oblique, ironic wit that pervades most of her writings". de Courcy also praised Mosley's "sharp and receptive" published book reviews as well as the portraits included. Anne de Courcy, "Daily Mail"
Writing in the "Daily Telegraph" reviewer Duncan Fallowell questioned Mosley's contradictions between her personal and political life. Fallowell described the publication; "this strange, fascinating book revives the turbulence at a time when the Mitford industry seemed to be moving into a cosy corner. It is made up mostly of book reviews but her agile mind and the sulphurous life lend them weight."
"It represents the life in writing of a fascinating woman...these writings are testimony to the sheer rigour of her thought and the crispness and elegance of her prose...Her command of history and understanding of the machinations of politics are formidable, and evident in pieces on the Dreyfus affair, Suez crisis and Profumo scandal." Catherine Heaney, "Irish Times"
The "Sunday Telegraph" recently selected the book for its section "pick of the paperback". The reviewers praised Mosley's "love of laughter and witty observation of friends such as Evelyn Waugh, Harold Action and James Lees-Milne" and described her recollection as a "delight". They also described the book as a "fascinating" collection.
Contents.
Acknowledgements (466)
Index (467)

</doc>
<doc id="20725145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725145" title="Bobby Johnson">
Bobby Johnson

Robert Alan Johnson (born February 8, 1951) is an American football coach and former player. He was most recently the head football coach at Vanderbilt University, a position he held from the 2002 season until his retirement in 2010. 
In December 2001, Johnson became the Commodores' head coach, after leading Furman University to the Division I-AA national championship game. He coached the Paladins between 1994–2001, leading the team to a 60–36 overall record during his eight years. Prior to his hiring at Furman, Johnson was also the defensive coordinator for the Clemson Tigers. In 2008, Johnson led Vanderbilt to its first winning season since 1982. His team went 7–6 with a 16–14 win over Boston College in the Music City Bowl, Vanderbilt's first bowl victory since 1955 and only their second in school history.
Playing career and education.
Johnson was a standout in football, basketball, and baseball during his time at Eau Claire High School in his native hometown of Columbia, South Carolina.
He continued his success in football at college, where he played both wide receiver and cornerback for Clemson University. In the 1971 and 1972 seasons, Johnson led the Tigers in interceptions. Johnson was twice named as an ACC All-Academic honoree. He graduated from Clemson in 1973, earning his Bachelor of Science degree in management, before earning his master's degree in education from Furman in 1979.
Coaching career.
Vanderbilt.
On December 23, 2001, Johnson was officially announced as the 25th head coach of the Vanderbilt Commodores football team.
2005.
In Johnson's fourth season, the Commodores finished 5–6. Jay Cutler, the team's offensive captain that season, was drafted #11 overall by the Denver Broncos and named as starting quarterback during his rookie season.
2006.
In the 2006 season, Vanderbilt fell to 4–8 after the loss of Cutler, but did beat Georgia at Sanford Stadium. In addition, Vanderbilt lost games to Ole Miss, Alabama, SEC West champion Arkansas, and eventual national champion Florida. After eight games "Atlanta Journal-Constitution" college football writer Tony Barnhart stated that Johnson "deserves some consideration" for SEC Coach of the Year, albeit based on a misstated record of 4–5 instead of 3–5.
Barnhart's 2006 postseason survey of ten former SEC coaches ranked the Vanderbilt job the least attractive in the SEC. Former Ole Miss coach Billy Brewer summarized Johnson's performance: "The tough thing about the Vanderbilt job is that you can improve a lot from year to year and still finish last in the SEC East. For what he has, I think Bobby Johnson does a heck of a coaching job."
2007.
Johnson again led the Commodores to success in 2007, with SEC conference wins over Mississippi and South Carolina, ranked #6 at the time of the contest. Standing with a 5–5 record, the Commodores then squandered a 24–9 third-quarter lead against in-state rival Tennessee, losing 25–24 after a 49–yard Bryant Hahnfeldt field goal attempt that would have won the game glanced off the left upright. Concluding the season with an uninspired effort versus Wake Forest, Vanderbilt finished 5–7 and one win short of bowl eligibility.
2008.
Vanderbilt started the 2008 season on a 5–0 run under Coach Johnson, including SEC wins at home against South Carolina and Auburn, and an SEC road win at Ole Miss. Vanderbilt's fifth game, an October 4 match up against Auburn, was historic for the Commodores for many reasons. Aside from being Vanderbilt's first game as a ranked team in many years, it was ESPN College Gameday's first ever appearance in Nashville, and the 14–13 win gave Vanderbilt its first 5–0 start since the WWII-shortened 1943 season. Vanderbilt would go on to defeat Kentucky to get the sixth win and bowl eligibility for the first time since 1982. The Commodores lost to Tennessee and Wake Forest to finish the regular season 6–6. On December 10, Johnson was named Southeastern Conference Coach of the Year, along with Houston Nutt, of Ole Miss, and Nick Saban, of Alabama. On December 31, Vanderbilt defeated Boston College in the Music City Bowl to secure a winning season and their first bowl victory since 1955.
Retirement.
On July 14, 2010, Johnson announced his retirement from coaching. Citing it as a "personal decision", the decision was a surprise to the program and the media as it occurred less than two months away from the 2010-11 season. In explaining his decision, he stated: "Football is not life, but it's a way of life and it consumes your life. You only have so many years to live, and you want to see a different way." 
His tenure at Vanderbilt was lauded for bringing a resurgence to a team that had long been dominated by its fellow members of the SEC Conference, notably guiding the Commodores their first bowl game win in 53 years and first non-losing season since 1982.
In October 2011 Coach Johnson became a coaching consultant to Charleston Man-of-War, which touts itself as "the first international football organization built on community." In his position with that organization, Coach Johnson is helping to build a coaching staff and evaluating prospective players.

</doc>
<doc id="20725154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725154" title="North Pole-1">
North Pole-1

North Pole-1 () was the first Soviet manned drifting station, primarily used for research.
North Pole-1 was established on May 21, 1937, and officially opened on June 6, some from the North Pole by the expedition into the high latitudes Sever-1, led by Otto Schmidt. The expedition had been airlifted by aviation units under the command of Mark Shevelev. "NP-1" operated for 9 months, during which the ice floe travelled . The commander of the station was Ivan Papanin. On February 19, 1938 the Soviet ice breakers Taimyr and Murman took four polar explorers off the station close to the eastern coast of Greenland. They arrived in Leningrad on March 15 on board the Icebreaker Yermak.
The expedition members, hydrobiologist Pyotr Shirshov, geophysicist Yevgeny Fyodorov, radioman Ernst Krenkel, and the commander Ivan Papanin, were awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union title.

</doc>
<doc id="20725189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725189" title="1961 Syracuse Orangemen football team">
1961 Syracuse Orangemen football team

The 1961 Syracuse Orangemen football team represented Syracuse University in the 1961 NCAA University Division college football season. Running back Ernie Davis would become the first black player to win the Heisman Trophy.
1961 Team Players in the NFL.
Ernie Davis was the first black player to be chosen first overall in the NFL Draft. Davis was drafted by the Washington Redskins then traded to the Clevand Browns in the first round of the 1962 American Football League draft. Tragically, he would never play in the NFL; he was diagnosed with leukemia shortly before he was to enter the league, and died in May 1963, less than a year after his diagnosis.

</doc>
<doc id="20725191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725191" title="Niquitin">
Niquitin

NiQuitin is a range of nicotine replacement products designed to help smokers quit by replacing the nicotine supplied by cigarettes with a lower, steadier level in order to relieve withdrawal. This is to help users wean off nicotine gradually. Nicotine replacement therapy products (e.g. chewing gum, lozenges, transdermal systems) are indicated as temporary aids for the cigarette smoker who wants to give up smoking. They serve as alternative sources of nicotine and provide relief of nicotine withdrawal symptoms in nicotine-dependent individuals who are acutely withdrawing from cigarette smoking.
NiQuitin is available as patches, gums and lozenges.
History.
NiQuitin was approved by the FDA in 1991, touted as the original "nicotine transdermal system."
Created by GlaxoSmithKline, NiQuitin was the second product to provide an alternative to the withdrawal symptoms of quitting smoking. Nicotine gums were already quite popular with consumers.
Shortly after NiQuitin’s release, NiQuitin Clear was released, as some users complained about the patch's inability to match a wide variety of skin colors. Over the past several years, NiQuitin has become the most popular topical nicotine alternative. Also shortly after NiQuitin's release, many other pharmaceutical companies began releasing many nicotine replacement therapies including Nicotine gum, lozenges, inhalers and nasal sprays.
The product is sold globally under different brand names such as Nicoderm in the US, Nicabate in Australia and New Zealand and NiQuitin CQ in China, many parts of Europe and South America.
Criticism.
Nicotine is the addictive drug in tobacco products. According to the research consensus, many of the constituents of tobacco smoke are carcinogenic. Nicotine itself has not been shown to be carcinogenic, but it has been suggested that it may cause more favorable conditions for cancerous growth. The drawback to NRT products is that they don't cure an individual's addiction to nicotine, but simply substitute cigarettes with an alternative nicotine delivery vehicle. 'Willpower' is still required to eliminate a nicotine addiction. Generally it is argued that NRT products are safer than smoking tobacco because NRT does not contain Tar. Typically, the cost of NRT lasting seven days is between £10 and £20 depending upon the NRT product. In comparison smoking can typically cost £15 to £56 for a smoker consuming 40-160 cigarettes per week. This is about £7.50 for 25 grams of tax paid rolling tobacco. The cost of cigarettes or tobacco over the same period varies depending on the smoker and brand of cigarette, whilst the cost of NRT remains static regardless of the level of nicotine it contains because the varying delivery systems, nicotine quantity per use and brands of NRT are typically similar in cost. This leads to the relative cost of NRT versus cigarettes or tobacco being dependent on how much the individual smokes. The British NHS provides notable help in the form of prescriptions which reduces the cost to £7.65 per script or less depending upon the individual's financial circumstance. If several products are included on one script then the price will drop well below that of actual cigarettes.
Smoking is in essence an addiction to nicotine. NRT does not address this addiction it simply replaces one form of nicotine dosage with another, thus maintaining dependency on the drug. As a result NRT companies are simply competing with tobacco companies for the nicotine market, rather than providing a way of eliminating a user's nicotine addiction.

</doc>
<doc id="20725206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725206" title="Dalia Rabin-Pelossof">
Dalia Rabin-Pelossof

Dalia Rabin-Pelossof (, born 19 March 1950) is a former Israeli politician. The daughter of former Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Yitzhak Rabin, she served as a member of the Knesset for the Centre Party, New Way and the Labor Party between 1999 and 2003.
Biography.
Born in 1950, Rabin-Pelossof gained an LLB and worked as an attorney.
For the 1999 elections she was placed sixth on the Centre Party list, and entered the Knesset as the party won six seats. She was appointed chairwoman of the Ethics Committee.
On 6 March 2001 she and two other Centre Party MKs broke away to establish a new faction, New Way. The day after, she was appointed Deputy Minister of Defense in Ariel Sharon's new government.
On 26 March the other two New Way members resigned from the Knesset and were replaced by Centre Party MKs, leaving Rabin-Pelossof alone in the faction. On 7 May 2001 she joined One Israel, which later became Labor-Meimad. She resigned from her ministerial post on 1 August 2002. She lost her seat in the 2003 elections.
Rabin-Pelossof is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20725322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725322" title="August von Spiess">
August von Spiess

Col. August Von Spiess, also spelled von Spieß (August 6, 1864 – 1953), formally known as Oberst August Roland von Braccioforte zum Portner und Höflein, was an officer, writer, famous hunter and Hunting Master for the Romanian royal court.
Von Spiess was born in Austria and became a Romanian citizen after the Union of Transylvania with Romania, following the dissolution of Austria-Hungary. He was married to Auguste Herbert from Sibiu. Their daughter was the ornithologist Silvia Stein Spiess (1901–1993).
In 1875, at 11 years old, he entered the military school of Sankt Pölten, after which he joined the Theresian Military Academy of Wiener Neustadt, Vienna. After 10 years of military studies, in August 1885 he became a lieutenant in the Transylvanian 64th Infantry stationed in the Orăştie-Sebeş-Alba Iulia area. In May 1889 he advanced to the rank of Major and settled in Sibiu, where he acted as drill officer. In 1893 he became a professor at the Military Infantry Cadet School of Sibiu; in 1911 he was named commander of the school. In February 1915, he advanced to the rank of Colonel and took command of the 2nd Regiment Infantry in Sibiu.
Von Spiess finished his military career after the end of World War I, and was appointed by King Ferdinand I of Romania as Director of the Royal Hunts from 1 July 1921. He kept this function until 1939. Simultaneously, he was a member of the Commission for Protection of Nature and National Parks, alongside honorary memberships of many domestic and foreign societies and associations with similar interests. 
In 1926, Von Spiess and his daughter initiated a project to tag the birds of Snake Island, Romania. He led two hunting expeditions in equatorial Africa, in Kenya in 1936 and in Tanganika in 1938. He was a fine observer of nature, a connoisseur of game habits and a keen hunter, and gathered during his life a collection of over 1,000 hunting trophies. He also wrote a number of books pertaining to animals and hunting, mostly tied to the Carpathian Mountains region.
In 1963 his entire animal and arms collection was donated to the Brukenthal Museum in Sibiu. Later the collection became the August Von Spiess Hunting and Hunting Arms Museum and was expanded with similar collections. The museum is now hosted in a dedicated country villa.

</doc>
<doc id="20725331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725331" title="Annelize Naudé">
Annelize Naudé

Annelize Naudé (born 1 January 1977) is a professional squash player from the Netherlands. She reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 13 in January 2006, and has won five WISPA tour titles as well as having been the runner-up nine times since 1996.
Professional career.
Naudé's international squash career began in 1996; her world ranking after her first year was No. 53. She climbed up the rankings to No. 36 two years later, but her rankings then fell to a career low of No. 86 on May 2000. Her ranking rose again to No. 25 in late 2001, and she reached No. 20 a year later. She achieved her career best ranking of No. 13 four years later, in January 2006.
Naudé reached her first final in an international tournament in 1999 in the Danish Open, but she was subsequently defeated by Pamela Nimmo. Naudé won her first professional title in 2002, also in the Danish Open, when she beats Senga Macfie in the final which lasts in five sets 3–9, 4–9, 9–5, 9–3, 9–4. She then had to wait for two years for her second title, this time in the Swiss Open, beating Laura-Jane Lengthorn in the final. Naudé then lost to former world No. 1 Vanessa Atkinson in the final of Mexican Open.
Naudé appeared in her 12th WISPA World Tour final at the Internationaux de Creteil in France; she then won the match by beating England’s Lauren Siddall to her fourth title of her career.
Personal life.
Naudé grew up in South Africa before moving to the Netherlands. She was based at Kempton Park Country Club, and was coached in her early days by Phillip Schelbusch and Jean Grainger, which took her to national titles at various junior levels before she moved to Amsterdam and eventually took on Dutch nationality and become a fixture in their national team.
Naudé is also known as Barfly among her friends.
Career statistics.
Listed as the following:-
Professional Tour Titles (5).
All Results for Annelize Naudé in WISPA World's Tour tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20725342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725342" title="Effigy (album)">
Effigy (album)

Effigy is a 2003 album by Nomy Lamm. It combines accordion, layered vocals, sound effects, and electro-driven drum beats. Lamm's official website states the creative purpose of the album was "to create a heartfelt goodbye to her hometown and its control over her". In the summer of 2003 the album was produced as a full-length theatrical rock show, and Lamm went on the road with it while performing songs from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20725344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725344" title="Basketball at the 1994 Asian Games">
Basketball at the 1994 Asian Games

Basketball was one of the many sports which was held at the 1994 Asian Games in Hiroshima, Japan between 2 October and 16 October 1994. China defeated Korea in the men's final en route to their 4th title, while Korea edged host Japan to claim their 2nd title in the women's final.

</doc>
<doc id="20725347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725347" title="RMS Alaunia">
RMS Alaunia

RMS "Alaunia" can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20725352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725352" title="Melissa Long">
Melissa Long

Melissa Long is a journalist for (WXIA-TV in Atlanta, Georgia.
She was previously a news anchor and reporter for CNN.com, HLN and CNN TV. She joined CNN in 2005 and was based in the network's world headquarters in Atlanta. Prior to CNN, Long worked as an anchor and reporter for WROC-TV in Rochester, N.Y. She previously served as an adjunct communications professor at St. John Fisher College and wrote a weekly financial column for the Rochester Insider. Prior to WROC, Long worked at TV and radio stations in Syracuse and Utica, N.Y.
On 12 November 2009, CNN.com Live discontinued its anchor coverage. She continued to broadcast on-air for HLN, CNN and CNNI until February 2010.
In March 2010 she became a correspondent for the Sydney and Hong Kong bureaus of Bloomberg TV. In late summer 2011 she became an anchor/reporter for WXIA-TV in Atlanta.
Long obtained her undergraduate degree from Syracuse University and MBA from the University of Rochester.

</doc>
<doc id="20725353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725353" title="Scallywag (magazine)">
Scallywag (magazine)

Scallywag magazine was published in London between 1991 and 1995. The subtitle of issues 1 - 6 was "Camden's only alternative community magazine". It sought to publish controversial journalism which other satirical and investigative publications (such as Private Eye) would not publish due to fear of litigation. It was founded and edited by Simon Regan. A previous version was published in Dorset, and the first issue of the 'Camden Scallywag' says that the Dorset version was then "on edition 37".
In 1993 it was sued under English libel law by the then Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, John Major, over reporting rumours that he had had an affair with a Downing Street caterer, even though it had said the allegations were false. By also suing the magazine's distributors, he received a settlement from them, and they passed the costs onto the magazine. Scallywag's financial position never recovered.
Stories from Scallywag magazine were used by the controversial writer David Icke in his book 'The Biggest Secret'.
At least 30 issues were published. Nos 1 - 3 were undated, no. 4 is dated February 1992, nos 27 - 30 are dated 1995. No 12 is dated Jan 93, it was a magazine that contained the article, entitled "Take-Away Midnight Feasts At Number 10" that John Major sued over.

</doc>
<doc id="20725366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725366" title="Intensive Care Society">
Intensive Care Society

The Intensive Care Society is the organisation responsible for promoting and maintaining intensive care and critical care medicine in the United Kingdom. It is the representative body in the United Kingdom for intensive care professionals and patients and the oldest society for critical care medicine in the world. The Society is dedicated to the delivery of the highest quality of critical care to patients in the United Kingdom. It performs many functions for the intensive care community in the United Kingdom such as the production of guidelines and standards, staging national meetings, training courses and focus groups. It represents Intensive Care in wide ranging organisations from the Royal Colleges to the Department of Health and other organisations and societies with a stake or interest in intensive care.
It was represented on the Intercollegiate Board for Training in Intensive Care until responsibility for design and accreditation of training in Intensive Care Medicine passed to the new Faculty of Intensive Care Medicine.
The society is based at Churchill House in London, also home to the Royal College of Anaesthetists, The College of Emergency Medicine & the British Association for Emergency Medicine and the British Pain Society. The Society's patron is HRH The Princess Royal.

</doc>
<doc id="20725371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725371" title="Raymond Salles">
Raymond Salles

Raymond Julien Salles (July 18, 1920 – June 15, 1996) was a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Paris.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the gold medal in the coxed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="20725416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725416" title="List of digital terrestrial television channels (UK)">
List of digital terrestrial television channels (UK)

This is a list of the current channels available on digital terrestrial television in the United Kingdom, those planned for the future, and those that have been removed.
All multiplexed H.222 transports for HDTV (1080i) channels use DVB-T2 256-QAM modulation. Local channels on the LTVmux use DVB-T QPSK modulation. All other transports for PAL (576i), radio and interactive channels use DVB-T 64-QAM modulation.
The PSB1 transport (aka BBC A) is used solely for BBC non-HDTV channels. The PSB2 transport (aka D3&4) is used for other broadcasters non-HDTV channels with spill over onto the less available COM4 (aka SDN), COM5 (aka ARQ A) and COM6 (aka ARQ B) transports. The PSB3 transport (aka BBC B) is used solely for HDTV channels with spill over onto the less available COM7 (aka ARQ C) transport. The GImux transport (aka G_MAN) is only available in Greater Manchester. The NImux transport (aka RNI_1) is only available in Northern Ireland.
All free-to-air channels are branded as Freeview, subscription channels require a subscription to a pay TV package such as BT TV with pay-per-view channels requiring a one-off payment to view an event.
Channel sections.
Streamed channels.
Interactive services for compatible receivers (internet connection/compatible HD TV/box required).
Interactive.
These are services that are not designed to be channels but do show up on the EPG of the majority of Freeview boxes.
Other.
These are channels that do not fall into any of the other categories (e.g. a placeholder for an old multiplex position).
Channels removed from digital terrestrial television.
These are channels that have been removed from digital terrestrial television. This does not include rebranded channels or channels that have ceased broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="20725443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725443" title="Vertigo (Sebald novel)">
Vertigo (Sebald novel)

Vertigo () is a 1990 novel by the German author W. G. Sebald. The first of its four sections is a short but conventional biography of Stendhal, who is referred to not by his pen name but by his given name of Beyle. The second is a travelogue of two journeys made to the Alpine region by an unnamed narrator whose biography resembles Sebald's; an episode from the life of Casanova is also featured. The third describes a difficult period in the life of Kafka, referred to only as "Dr. K." And the fourth is a nostalgic recounting of the narrator's visit to his German hometown of "W," a rural village which he has seen nothing of for decades. Sebald makes notable use of leitmotif, such as sensations of dizziness as suggested in the title, and deceased persons lying covered on platforms. The novel functions along with Sebald's subsequent works "The Emigrants" and "The Rings of Saturn" as a trilogy. All three works were translated to English by Michael Hulse in partnership with Sebald.
Reception.
Stephen Moss of "The Guardian" found the book difficult to characterize, but embraced it critically.

</doc>
<doc id="20725497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725497" title="Gaston Mercier">
Gaston Mercier

Gaston Antoine Mercier (June 5, 1932 – July 4, 1974) was a French rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Paris.
In 1952 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the gold medal in the coxed pairs event.
Four years later he won the bronze medal with the French boat in the coxless fours competition.
At the 1960 Games he was part of the French boat which finished fourth in the eights event.

</doc>
<doc id="20725501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725501" title="Bannister River">
Bannister River

Bannister River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.
The river rises to the east of North Bannister and flows in a southerly direction discharging into the Hotham River near Boddington.
The river was named after Captain Thomas Bannister who was the first European to discover the river in 1830 by Surveyor General John Septimus Roe in 1832.

</doc>
<doc id="20725535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725535" title="Rhizosoleniophycidae">
Rhizosoleniophycidae

Rhizosoleniophycidae or Rhizosoleniineae is a grouping of Centrales.

</doc>
<doc id="20725565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725565" title="Hank Mobley (album)">
Hank Mobley (album)

Hank Mobley is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Blue Note label in 1957 as BLP 1568. It was recorded on June 23, 1957 and features Mobley, Bill Hardman, Curtis Porter, Sonny Clark, Paul Chambers and Art Taylor.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20725574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725574" title="Tokio Seki">
Tokio Seki


</doc>
<doc id="20725586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725586" title="1987–88 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1987–88 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1987–88 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 61st season in the Football League. They competed in the 24-team Division Four, then the fourth tier of English football, finishing second, winning promotion to Division Three.
Table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="20725590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725590" title="Fritz Langanke">
Fritz Langanke

Fritz Langanke (15 July 1919 – 10 July 2012) was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant), in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Langanke was born on 15 July 1919, in Gelsenkirchen. He volunteered to join the SS and was posted to the 10th Company, "Germania" Standarte in 1937. In 1938 he transferred to the newly formed Panzer Reconnaissance platoon, as a radio operator, and later as a vehicle commander.
He was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class in December 1940 and the 1st class award in December 1941. In 1942 he transferred to the Panzer Battalion and served as a Panzer commander in the Reconnaissance Platoon. In late 1943 the division was reformed and Langanke was assigned to I.Battalion, SS Division Das Reich 2nd Panzer Regiment as an Ordonnance officer until the Normandy Landings. For his part in ensuring that hundreds of soldiers and their equipment managed to escape from the Falaise Pocket. Fritz Langanke was recommended for the Knight's Cross on August 7, 1944. Which he was awarded on the 27 August 1944. He took command of the 2nd Company on December 25, 1944 and remained at this post till the end of the war.
Langanke survived the war and died on July 10, 2012 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20725596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725596" title="Hanxi Changlong Station">
Hanxi Changlong Station

Hanxi Changlong Station () is a station of Line 3 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28 December 2006. It is located at the underground of the east of Hanxi Dadao () and Xinguang Express Way (), and the south of Chime-Long Paradise (), Dashi Subdistrict (), Panyu District. There is a free shuttle bus route connecting the station to and fro Chime-Long Paradise.
Before the station started operations, it was previously named "Hanxi Station" () and "Changlong Station" () successively. The residents nearby were disappointed with the name of "Changlong Station" because they doubted the name only favoured Chime-Long Group, the Chime-Long Paradise's owner and operator. The Guangzhou Municipal Government later approved to change the name to "Hanxi Changlong Station" which favoured both the residents and the enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="20725604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725604" title="State Farm v. Campbell">
State Farm v. Campbell

State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. v. Campbell, , was a case in which the United States Supreme Court held that the due process clause usually limits punitive damage awards to less than ten times the size of the compensatory damages awarded.
The Court reached this conclusion applying guideposts first noted in "BMW of North America, Inc. v. Gore", 517 U.S. 559 (1996), requiring courts to consider: 
Case History.
Background.
The matter involved Curtis Campbell, who was insured by State Farm.
In 1981, Campbell caused an accident in which Todd Ospital was killed and Robert G. Slusher was left permanently disabled, a fact confirmed by both witnesses to the accident and investigators.
Notwithstanding the evidence against Campbell, State Farm decided to contest liability and decline the settlement offers from both Slusher and Ospital's estate (both parties were offering to settle for $25,000 each, or $50,000 total, which was the policy limit). State Farm assured the Campbells that "their assets were safe, that they had no liability for the accident, that Farm would represent their interests, and that they did not need to procure separate counsel."
However, a jury rendered a verdict that Campbell was 100 percent liable for the accident and awarded a judgment of $185,849. 
State Farm refused to pay the excess amount, nor would it post a supersedeas bond to allow Campbell to appeal the verdict; Campbell obtained his own counsel to appeal the verdict.
Appeals on verdict against Campbell.
While the appeal was pending, in late 1984 the Campbells reached a verdict with Slusher and Ospital's estate, whereby those parties agreed not to seek satisfaction of the judgment against the Campbells, and the Campbells would pursue a bad-faith action against State Farm. The attorneys for Slusher and Ospital's estate would represent the Campbells in the bad-faith suit and would make all major decisions regarding it. No settlement would take effect without the approval of Slusher and Ospital's estate, who would receive 90 percent of any verdict against State Farm.
In 1989 the Utah Supreme Court denied Campbell's appeal. State Farm then paid the entire amount of the judgment including the excess amount. Nevertheless, the Campbells filed suit against State Farm alleging bad faith, fraud, and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
Campbell's trial v. State Farm.
Initially the trial court granted summary judgment for State Farm as it had paid the entire amount of the judgment, but the ruling was reversed on appeal.
The Utah Supreme Court reinstated a $145 million punitive verdict against State Farm, noting that an earlier $100 million judgment had gone unreported to State Farm's corporate headquarters, and that the regional vice president had no plans to report the judgment under review, despite the judgment being substantially based on evidence of national corporate policy.
Dissents.
Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas adhered to their previously expressed views that the Due Process Clause and Constitution provide no protection against "excessive" punitive damage awards.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg voted to leave intact the decision of the Utah Supreme Court. She expressed her view that the Supreme Court "has no warrant to reform state law governing awards of punitive damages..." She wrote that punitive damage caps should be set in place by legislatures.

</doc>
<doc id="20725689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725689" title="Frantz Bruun">
Frantz Bruun

Frantz Gottlieb Bruun (19 March 1832 – 6 October 1908) was a Norwegian priest.
He was born in Vikør as the son of Fredrik Christian Bruun and Anna Hegelund Krogh Irgens. His mother Anna was a paternal granddaughter of the bishop Ole Irgens and maternal granddaughter of Johan Daniel Stub.
He was ordained as a priest in the Church of Norway, but had to leave his office in Finnmark in 1868 due to health problems. However, he later resurfaced as an orthodox revivalist preacher based in Kristiansand and Kristiania. Several of his texts were printed and published.
He died in 1908 in Østre Aker.

</doc>
<doc id="20725701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725701" title="Iddo Goldberg">
Iddo Goldberg

Iddo Goldberg (; born 5 August 1975) is an Israeli-English actor.
Early and personal life.
Goldberg was born in Haifa, Israel, and moved at age ten to London with his family. His father came from Riga, Latvia but had to emigrate to northern Rhodesia during the 1930s, managing to get a degree in architecture from a university in the UK. Goldberg's mother's family is based in Jerusalem.
He married his girlfriend and fellow actress Ashley Madekwe in June 2012.
Career.
Goldberg has had several notable roles, including Brandon in the two series of "Attachments" and Ben on "Secret Diary of a Call Girl", where his wife Ashley Madekwe also had a regular role. He also appeared in the 2008 war film "Defiance" starring Daniel Craig and Liev Schreiber.
As of 2013, Goldberg stars as Freddie Thorne in the BBC Two serial drama "Peaky Blinders". He co-starred in the 2012 film "And While We Were Here" with Kate Bosworth.
In addition to a Tumblr account that features his photographs, Goldberg makes short films that are posted there. He directed the short "Supper" (2012) with Joey Slotnick and Lauren Katz and music videos by James Rousseau, "Anyone (Acoustic/Live)" (2012) and "Hair of the Dog" (2012). Goldberg also made a film about his maternal grandmother called "Luba" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20725774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725774" title="Christmas Present (album)">
Christmas Present (album)

Christmas Present is a Christmas album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in late 1974 by Columbia Records. A brief blurb in "Billboard" magazine's Inside Track column in that year's November 23 issue revealed the album's television tie-in: "'Christmas Present' is title of Andy Williams' 11th Yule show, airing on NBC-TV Dec. 11". An article entitled "MOR Artists Are Ailing" in that same issue describes the hopes that the record company had for the album: "Columbia is releasing Andy Williams' newest LP, 'Christmas Present,' with considerable advance orders and expects it to become a holiday classic to continue the string of album winners for the artist."
Williams's two previous solo Christmas LPs ("The Andy Williams Christmas Album" and "Merry Christmas") reached number one on "Billboard" magazine's Christmas Albums chart, but in 1974 the magazine reverted to incorporating holiday releases into its Top LP's & Tapes rankings as well as its Bubbling Under the Top LP's chart, which, according to Joel Whitburn, "listed albums that were on the rise in sales that did not quite achieve the sales necessary to make "Billboard"'s main 200-position pop albums chart." "Christmas Present" "bubbled under" the Top LP's & Tapes chart for two weeks that began in the issue dated December 21, 1974, and took the album to a peak position at number 203. It was released on CD in 1990.
Personnel.
Title track.
Recorded at Columbia Records Studios, New York.
All other tracks.
Recorded at The Music Centre, London, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20725806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725806" title="Drysdale River">
Drysdale River

Drysdale River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
The river rises in the Caroline Ranges, flows in a northerly direction and discharges into Napier Broome Bay near Kalumburu. The river contains several permanent pools some of which have several examples of Indigenous Australian art known as Bradshaw paintings that can be found along the cliff faces.
Notable waterfalls on the river are the Eagle Falls - which are regularly visited by Kimberley coastal cruise ships, Solea Falls north of the Johnston Creek fork and Bango Falls on the tributary Bango Creek.
There are 19 tributaries of the Drysdale including; Gibb River, Woodhouse River, Barton River, Tadarida Creek, Wax Creek, Curlew Creek, King David Creek, Ubach Creek and Damper Creek.
15% of the river's catchment area lies within Drysdale River National Park.
The river was named after the Director of a Victorian Squatting Company T.A. Drysdale by explorer Charles Burrowes in 1886.
The traditional owners of the area that the river flows through are the "Ngarinjin", "Miwa" and "Wilawila" peoples.

</doc>
<doc id="20725811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725811" title="Basketball at the 1990 Asian Games">
Basketball at the 1990 Asian Games

Basketball was one of the many sports which was held at the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing, China between 22 September and 7 October 1990. China won their 5th title in the men's tournament and Korea won their 2nd title in the women's tournament, in the fourth China-Korea finals showdown.

</doc>
<doc id="20725833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725833" title="Independent measures">
Independent measures

An independent measures design is a type of method used during a psychology experiment that involves two or more separate groups, each containing different individuals, where each participant only takes part in each condition once.
See also Repeated measures design.
Advantages of independent measures design.
One advantage is that more participants are used in the overall experiment, compared to repeated measures design, increasing the external validity.
Another advantage is that independent measures only requires one set of participants and one test for each condition of the independent variable. This saves time and is a lot quicker than using a repeated measures design.
Disadvantages of independent measures design.
One of the main disadvantages of using independent measures design is the potential for error resulting from the individual differences of the participants, because they do not match those in other groups, which would affect the results and therefore the internal validity (and reliability). The participants no longer become a control variable because you are using two different groups of people. It could be said that the results turned out the way they did because of other factors present to each group before the experiment even took place.
For Example in group A the average IQ is 120 in group B the average IQ is 118, this is a variable, or individual difference that the experimenter is not aware of. So group A might perform better on average, not due to the independent variable being changed but the individual differences in participants.

</doc>
<doc id="20725847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725847" title="Knut Hjeltnes (architect)">
Knut Hjeltnes (architect)

Knut Hjeltnes (born 16 March 1961) is a Norwegian architect.
He was born in Oslo. He took his education at the Norwegian Institute of Technology, and has been appointed as a professor at the Oslo School of Architecture and Design. He adheres to the modernist style, and has been awarded several prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="20725874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725874" title="ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships">
ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships

The ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships have been held annually since 1994. The championships involve a continuous swim-cycle-run, over distances varying between that of an Olympic-distance and an Iron-distance triathlon race. The championships are organised by the International Triathlon Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20725875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725875" title="Jean-Michel Beysser">
Jean-Michel Beysser

Jean-Michel Beysser (Ribeauvillé, 4 November 1753 – Paris, 13 April 1794) was a French general.
Life.
Before 1789.
He began his military career as a dragoon in the régiment de Lorraine from 1769 to 1778. He was later part of the armée de Bretagne from 1778 to 1781, apparently as a surgeon-major. He served in the Swiss regiment de Moron as a surgeon-major under the orders of the Dutch East India Company, then as the captain of a Dutch regiment, before returning to France in 1788.
Revolution.
In July 1789, he was made major of the National Guard dragoons at Lorient, rising to lieutenant colonel in 1790 then a captain in the National Gendarmerie of Morbihan in 1791. Thanks to the French Revolutionary Wars he rose rapidly through the officer ranks:
In this last post he repulsed the Vendéens at the end of June 1793. Signing the federalist manifesto of 5 July 1793, he was forced to take refuge in Lorient. On 2 August 1793 he defended himself before the National Convention, which restored him to the same army and the same rank as before. On 17 September 1793, he was defeated by the Vendéens at Montaigu. Already suspecting him, the government arrested him and on 2 October 1793 imprisoned him in the Prison de l'Abbaye. He appeared before the Revolutionary Tribunal of Paris and was condemned to death by it on 24 March 1794 (4 germinal year II), as an accomplice of Jacques-René Hébert, Charles Philippe Ronsin, François -Nicolas Vincent, Mazuel, Antoine-François Momoro (all already condemned) in trying to dissolve the national representative assembly and put a tyrant in place over the state. He was guillotined at the same time as Arthur de Dillon, Pierre-Gaspard Chaumette, Jean-Baptiste Gobel, Lucile Desmoulins and Marie Marguerite Françoise Hébert on 13 April 1794 (24 germinal an II).

</doc>
<doc id="20725882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725882" title="Poor People's Alliance">
Poor People's Alliance

The Poor People's Alliance is a network of radical grassroots movements in South Africa. It was formed in 2008 after the Action Alliance, formed in December 2006, was expanded to include two more organisations.
The following organisations are members of the alliance:
The Poor People's Alliance refuses electoral politics and resolved to boycott the 2009 national elections under the slogan "No Land! No House! No Vote!".
The Poor People's Alliance has actively supported the struggle of the eMacambini Community against mass eviction by Ruwaad Holdings and KwaZulu-Natal Premier S'bu Ndebele and the African National Congress Provincial Government of KwaZulu-Natal.
International Links.
The Chicago Anti-Eviction Campaign states that it has been influenced by the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign and the Poor People's Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="20725892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725892" title="List of Chief Ministers of Himachal Pradesh">
List of Chief Ministers of Himachal Pradesh

The following are the Chief Ministers of Himachal Pradesh state in India: 

</doc>
<doc id="20725898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725898" title="Changlong Station">
Changlong Station

Changlong Station can be:

</doc>
<doc id="20725905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725905" title="Curtain Call (Hank Mobley album)">
Curtain Call (Hank Mobley album)

Curtain Call (also titled Hank Mobley Quintet Featuring Sonny Clark) is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley, released posthumously on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1984. It was recorded on August 18, 1957 and features Mobley, Kenny Dorham, Jimmy Rowser, Sonny Clark and Art Taylor.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Lee Bloom awarded the album 3 stars stating "Despite an occasional tendency for Mobley's relaxed articulation to sound a bit languorous, his playing is generally enjoyable, and his writing exhibits character, maturity, and a uniquely rhythmic approach to crafting memorable melodies.".

</doc>
<doc id="20725958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725958" title="Prison de l'Abbaye">
Prison de l'Abbaye

The prison de l’Abbaye was a Paris prison in use from 1522 to 1854. The final building was built by Gamard in 1631 and made up of three floors, flanked by two turrets and an échauguette. It was the scene of one of the bloodiest episodes of the French Revolution.
Madame Roland, wife of the Girondin Minister of the Interior Jean-Marie Roland, was interned here on her first arrest in 1793 before being transferred to Sainte Pélagie.
History.
Pre-Revolution.
It occupied part of the current site of boulevard Saint-Germain in the corner of the enclosire of Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés. The abbaye dated to the earliest era of Paris, when Childebert I (on the site of a temple to Isis or Ceres according to legend) founded a monastery dedicated to the Holy Cross and to St Vincent of Saragossa, which later took the name of its administering bishop Germain of Paris. Its basilica became known as "Saint-Denis of the Merovingians", since it contained the tombs of Childebert I and others of the dynasty.
Destruction.
The prison de l’Abbaye was later transformed into a military prison and was finally demolished in 1854 for the construction of boulevard Saint-Germain.

</doc>
<doc id="20725967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20725967" title="Grethe Rytter Hasle">
Grethe Rytter Hasle

Grethe Berit Rytter Hasle (3 January 1920 – 9 November 2013) was a Norwegian planktologist. Among the first female professors of natural science at the University of Oslo, she specialized in the study of phytoplankton.
Personal life.
Hasle was born in Borre as the daughter of shipmaster Johan Kristian Rytter (1890–1966) and his wife Nicoline Olava Nielsen (1885–1976). She married Hans Martin Hasle and took his name; he died in 1971. She died in November 2013.
Career.
She graduated from the teacher's college in Elverum in 1942, and graduated from the University of Oslo in 1949. Her first publication was "Phototactic vertical migration in marine dinoflagellates". She took the dr.philos. degree in 1968 on the thesis "An Analysis of the Phytoplankton of the Pacific Southern Ocean".
She was hired as a lecturer at the University of Oslo in 1961, and was then a professor of marine botany from 1977 to 1990. She was the third female professor at the Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, and was inducted into the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters in 1980 as the only female researcher at the time representing the natural sciences. She was also a visiting scholar at the Texas A&M University from 1968 to 1969. She is especially known for her studies of phytoplankton in general, and specifically the class Bacillariophyceae. The Bacillariophyceae genus "Haslea" has been named after her. She is also known for revising the morphological taxonomy of the genera "Thalassiosira", "Nitzschia" and "Fragilariopsis".
She was honored with a Festschrift for her seventieth birthday, and she received the Award of Excellence from the Phycological Society of America in 2000 and the Yasumoto Lifetime Achievement Award from the International Society for the Study of Harmful Algae in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20726063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726063" title="Please Come Back Home">
Please Come Back Home

"Please Come Back Home" is a 2008 single by Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas. It was released on 1 December 2008 as a download single. It charted at number 76 on the UK Singles Chart and it also reached number 29 in Sweden.
"Prefix Mag" awarded "Please Come Back Home" an 8.5 out of 10 rating, and said of the song: "You'll find a sense of longing on just about any Glasvegas track, but it's particularly pronounced, on "Please Come Back Home," a desperate Scottish reversal of the "I'll Be Home For Christmas" motif. The video was filmed in Brașovin Romania while the band recorded their E.P. Anyone who's been dumped around the Holidays will find this devastating."
Track listing.
Promo CD (GOWOW015)

</doc>
<doc id="20726070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726070" title="Stratiomys chamaeleon">
Stratiomys chamaeleon

Stratiomys chamaeleon, the clubbed general, is a European species of soldier fly.
Distribution.
It has a widespread Palearctic distribution, occurring in Southerm Europe and parts of Asia . It has a very restricted range in Britain, where it is regarded as endangered.
Ecology.
In Britain larvae have been found in tufa-rich flush systems. Elsewhere larvae of "Stratiomys chamaeleon" have been recorded from the margins of freshwater ponds and spring pools as well as from semi saline conditions. Adults are on the wing from late June to the middle of August, with peak occurring in mid to late July and feed on nectar, mostly from umbellifers.

</doc>
<doc id="20726074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726074" title="Kinesiogenomics">
Kinesiogenomics

Kinesiogenomics refers to the study of genetics in the various disciplines of the field of kinesiology, the study of human movement. The field has also been referred to as "exercise genomics" or "exercisenomics." Areas of study within kinesiogenomics include the role of gene sequence variation (i.e., alleles) in sport performance, identification of genes (and their different alleles) that contribute to the response and adaptation of the body's tissue systems (e.g., muscles, heart, metabolism, etc.) to various exercise-related stimuli, the use of genetic testing to predict sport performance or individualize exercise prescription, and gene doping, the potential for genetic therapy to be used to enhance sport performance. 
The field of kinesiogenomics is relatively new, though two books have outlined basic concepts. A regularly published review article entitled, "The human gene map for performance and health-related fitness phenotypes," describes the genes that have been studied in relation to specific exercise- and fitness-related traits. The most recent (seventh) update was published in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20726108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726108" title="John Farleigh">
John Farleigh

John Farleigh (16 June 1900 – 30 March 1965), also known as Frederick William Charles Farleigh, was an English wood-engraver, noted for his illustrations of George Bernard Shaw's work "The Adventures of the Black Girl in Her Search for God", which caused controversy when released due to the religious, sexual and racial themes within the writing and John Farleigh's complementary (and risqué) wood engravings commissioned by Shaw for the book. He is also known for his illustrations of D. H. Lawrence's work, "The Man Who Died", and for the posters he designed for London County Council Tramways and London Transport. He was also a painter, lithographer, author and art tutor.
Farleigh left school at 14 and enlisted as an apprentice at the "Artists' Illustrators Agency" in London, applying himself to lettering, wax engravings and black and white drawings, intended for advertising. He also attended drawing classes at the "Bolt Court School". In 1918 he was drafted into the army and served until peace was declared in November of the same year. He resumed his apprenticeship and was awarded a government grant enabling him to enrol for three years at the London County Council Central School of Arts and Crafts (later the Central School of Art and Design). The teaching staff included Bernard Meninsky and Noel Rooke who trained him in wood-engraving. Between 1922 and 1925 Farleigh was an art teacher at Rugby School, thereafter returning to London and assuming a post at the Central School of Arts and Crafts, where he taught antique and still-life drawing and later, illustration. Here he tutored some extremely talented wood-engravers, including Monica Poole.
Farleigh was a founder member and chairman of the "Crafts Centre of Great Britain." In 1941 the British Council commissioned him to design the title page of the catalogue for the "Exhibition of Modern British Crafts."
Farleigh's work was widely exhibited - Leicester Gallery, Manchester City Art Gallery, Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers, Royal Scottish Academy and Cooling and Sons Gallery. His wood-engravings appeared in the 1925 Golden Cockerel Press edition of "Selected Essays by The Reverend Jonathan Swift" and in the books published by the Shakespeare Head Press in the late 1920s. He was elected an Associate of the Royal Society of Painter-Printmakers in 1937 and a full member in 1948.
Works featuring Farleigh's illustrations.
A comprehensive list falls outside the scope of this article, but may be seen here.

</doc>
<doc id="20726128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726128" title="Marie Marguerite Françoise Hébert">
Marie Marguerite Françoise Hébert

Marie Marguerite Françoise Hébert, née Goupil, (1756, Paris – 1794) was a figure in the French Revolution. She was the daughter of Jacques Goupil and of Louise Morel (died 1781). She was a nun in the couvent de la Conception (rue Saint-Honoré) under the name "sister of Providence", but was defrocked and on 7 February 1792 married Jacques René Hébert - the couple had Scipion-Virginie Hébert (7 February 1793 - 13 July 1830). Marie was guillotined on 13 April 1794.
Her daughter was raised by a printer, Jacques Christophe Marquet. She became undermistress of a boarding school, was married to a Reformed pastor, and died at 37 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="20726134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726134" title="Phelan Act of 1920">
Phelan Act of 1920

In United States federal banking legislation, the Phelan Act of 1920, sponsored by Sen. James D. Phelan (D) of California, authorized progressive discount rates for any Federal Reserve District bank that borrowed relatively large amounts from its Reserve bank. 
The FED district bank was given the option to enforce or deny the provision. In FED districts that accepted progressive rates, each member bank was given a line of credit or normal re-discount. This measure helped the banks with the difficult transition from wartime to peacetime. It bought member banks time to reorganize and renegotiate loans given to large defense contracting firms that would no longer be manufacturing high priced war munitions and material meant for sale to the government. With the government no longer purchasing, major firms would no longer be in a position to pay back large loans, and thus the banks that had lent them money to finance heavy production needed Federal assistance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20726191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20726191" title="National Defense Act of 1920">
National Defense Act of 1920

The National Defense Act of 1920 (or Kahn Act) was sponsored by United States Representative Julius Kahn, Republican of California. This legislation updated the National Defense Act of 1916 to reorganize the United States Army and decentralize the procurement and acquisitions process for equipment, weapons, supplies and vehicles.
Reorganization of the Army.
Advocated by John McAuley Palmer and other proponents of the National Guard, the legislation established the Army of the United States as an organization of three components: a) the Regular Army, b) the National Guard, and c) the Organized Reserve. The Organized Reserve included the Officers’ Reserve Corps, Enlisted Reserve Corps and Reserve Officers Training Corps.
Enhanced National Guard and Reserve role.
The 1920 Act strengthened the National Guard and Reserve in several ways. First, it directed that the Chief of the Militia Bureau be a National Guard officer as a way to better coordinate activities between the Army General Staff and the National Guard. Second, it permitted National Guard officers to serve on the Army's General Staff, enhancing their training opportunities and exeprience, and increasing the exposure of regular Army officers to the National Guard. Third, it required that the Army Staff create joint committees of Guard, Reserve and regular Army officers when considering actions that would affect the Guard Reserve, thus giving the Guard and Reserve input into plans and policies that could affect them.
Procurement and contracting.
The National Defense Act of 1920 also required the Army to conduct studies and planning for wartime mobilization, rather than waiting for war to be declared to begin planning. This shift to contingency planning and a long-range outlook led to decentralization of the contracting and procurement process, and increased coordination between military leaders and leaders of business and industry. The need for specialists in procurement and mobilization planning led to the 1924 creation of the Army Industrial College.
Legacy.
The 1920 Act was the basis for the Army's organization through World War II, and remained largely in effect until passage of the National Security Act of 1947.

</doc>
