<doc id="20699541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699541" title="Mladen Stojanović">
Mladen Stojanović

Mladen Stojanović (; 7 April 1896 – 1 April 1942) was a Bosnian Serb physician who led the Yugoslav Partisans in the area of Kozara in north-western Bosnia on the Yugoslav Front of World War II. His father was a Serbian Orthodox priest in the town of Prijedor. At the age of fifteen, Stojanović became an activist in a group of student organizations called Young Bosnia, which strongly opposed Austria-Hungary's rule over Bosnia-Herzegovina. In 1912, Stojanović was inducted into "Narodna Odbrana", an association founded in the Kingdom of Serbia aiming to organize a guerrilla resistance to the annexation of Bosnia-Herzegovina by Austria-Hungary. Stojanović was arrested by the Austrian police in July 1914 and sentenced the following year to sixteen years' imprisonment, but he was pardoned in 1917. After World War I, he graduated from the medical faculty in Zagreb as a Doctor of Medicine, and in 1929 he opened his private practice in Prijedor. Stojanović established the tennis club of Prijedor in 1932 and became a member of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia in September 1940.
After the invasion of Yugoslavia by the Axis powers and their creation of the Independent State of Croatia, Stojanović was imprisoned in June 1941 by the Ustaše—Croatian fascists who committed brutal crimes against the Serb population. He escaped from the prison and went to Mount Kozara, where he joined Communists who had earlier escaped from Prijedor. The Communist Party chose Stojanović to lead the uprising in the district of Prijedorpart of the area of Kozara. The uprising began on 30 July 1941 without much control by Stojanović or any other Communists. The Serb villagers of the district who rose to arms took control of a number of villages and threatened Prijedor, which was defended by German forces, Ustaše, and Croatian Home Guards. In August 1941, Stojanović was recognised as the principal leader of the insurgents in Kozara, who were then organised into Partisan military units. The Kozara Partisans began attacking the enemy at the end of September 1941, and by the end of that year they had conducted about forty military actions. Stojanović participated in the planning and execution of all the major operations. At the beginning of November 1941, all Partisan units in Kozara were merged into the 2nd Krajina National Liberation Partisan Detachment, and Stojanović was appointed its commander. By the end of 1941, most of Kozaracovering about 2,500 square kilometreswas controlled by Stojanović's detachment.
On 30 December 1941, Stojanović arrived in the area of Grmeč, which was in the zone of responsibility of the 1st Krajina National Liberation Partisan Detachment. The Italian troops operating in that area presented themselves as protectors of the Serbian people. Stojanović's tasks were to counter the Italian propaganda and to mobilise the Partisans of the 1st Krajina to fight against the Italians. He stayed in the area until mid-February 1942, and the Partisan leadership of Bosnia-Herzegovina estimated that he accomplished his tasks there. At the end of February 1942, Stojanović was appointed chief of staff of the Operational Headquarters for Bosanska Krajina—a unified command of all Partisan forces in the regions of Bosanska Krajina and central Bosnia. The Operational Headquarters' main task was to counter the rising influence of Chetniks in those regions. On 5 March 1942, Stojanović was severely wounded in an ambush by the Chetniks. He was taken to a field hospital in the village of Jošavka. Members of the Jošavka Partisan Company joined the Chetnik side on the night of 31 March, when they took Stojanović prisoner. The next night, a group of Chetniks carried Stojanović out of the house where he was recovering from his wound and killed him. On 7 August 1942, Stojanović was proclaimed a People's Hero of Yugoslavia.
Biography.
Early life.
Mladen Stojanović was the third child and the first son of Serbian Orthodox priest Simo Stojanović and his wife Jovanka. He was born in Prijedor on 7 April 1896. Bosnia-Herzegovina was then occupied by Austria-Hungary; Prijedor was located in Bosanska Krajina, the north-western region of the province. Stojanović's father was the third generation of his family to serve as a Serbian Orthodox priest. He graduated from a theology faculty, becoming the first in the family to attain a higher level of education. Simo was active in the political struggle for ecclesiastical and educational autonomy of the Serbs in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Mladen Stojanović's maternal grandfather was a Serbian Orthodox priest from Dubica.
Stojanović completed his elementary education at the Serbian Elementary School in Prijedor in 1906. In 1907, he finished the first grade of his secondary education at the gymnasium in Sarajevo, before he entered the gymnasium in Tuzla, where he would finish the remaining seven grades. His brother Sreten Stojanovićwho would become a prominent sculptorjoined him at the Tuzla gymnasium in 1908.
Activist of Young Bosnia.
Austria-Hungary annexed Bosnia-Herzegovina on 6 October 1908, which caused the Annexation Crisis in Europe. The Kingdom of Serbia protested and mobilised its army, but on 31 March 1909, the Serbian government formally accepted the annexation. In 1911, Mladen Stojanović became a member of the secret association of students of the Tuzla gymnasium called "Narodno Jedinstvo" (National Unity); its members described it as a youth society of nationalists. It was one of a group of diverse student organisations later called Young Bosnia, which strongly opposed Austria-Hungary's rule over Bosnia-Herzegovina. The activists of Young Bosnia were Bosnian Serbs, Muslims, and Croats, though most were Serbs. The first organisation regarded as part of this group was established in 1904 by Serb students of the gymnasium in Mostar.
Young Bosnia's activists regarded literature as indispensable to revolution, and most of them wrote poems, short stories, or critiques. Stojanović wrote poems, and read the works of Petar Kočić, Aleksa Šantić, Vladislav Petković Dis, Sima Pandurović, Milan Rakić, and later the works of Russian authors. In his final years at the gymnasium, he read Plato, Aristotle, Rousseau, Bakunin, Nietzsche, Jaurès, Le Bon, Ibsen, and Marinetti. National Unity, Stojanović's secret association, held meetings at which its members presented lectures and discussed current issues concerning the Serbian people in Bosnia-Herzegovina. All members of the association were Serbs. Generally, Stojanović's lectures were about educating people on practical issues of health and economy. During the summer break of 1911, Stojanović travelled across Bosanska Krajina lecturing in villages. One of the aims of Young Bosnia was to eliminate the backwardness of their country.
In early-to-mid 1912, Stojanović and his schoolmate Todor Ilić were inducted into "Narodna Odbrana" (National Defence), an association founded in Serbia in December 1908 on the initiative of Branislav Nušić. The association aimed to organise a guerrilla resistance to the Austrian annexation of Bosnia-Herzegovina, and to spread nationalist propaganda. National Defence soon established a network of local committees throughout Serbia and Bosnia-Herzegovina. Its members from the latter territory gathered intelligence on the Austrian army and passed it to the Serbian secret service.
Stojanović and Ilić travelled illegally to Serbia during the summer break of 1912 to receive military training that National Defence organised for its members. They stayed for several days in Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, where they met Gavrilo Princip, another activist of Young Bosnia who was also a member of National Defence. Stojanović and Ilić then spent a month at army barracks in Vranje in southern Serbia, participating in the military drills under the command of Vojin Popović, a famous Chetnik guerrilla fighter. Back in school, the two friends resumed their activities in National Unity. Its members decided that Muslims should also be drawn into the association. After Trifko Grabež was expelled from the Tuzla gymnasium for slapping a teacher during a quarrel, the association organised a school strike. Most of the students who participated were Serbs; the strike gained little support among students of other ethnicities. The school took disciplinary measures against Ilić and Stojanović, who were regarded as the main organisers of the strike. Ilić lost his scholarship.
In the autumn of 1913, Stojanović entered the eighth and final year of his secondary education. National Unity was visited that year by a group of activists of Young Bosnia who were university students in Prague, Vienna, and Switzerland. These activists held a series of lectures to the members of the association, explaining to them the current political situation in the world, and promoting the unity of South Slavic peoples in their struggle to liberate themselves from Austria-Hungary. These lectures influenced Stojanović to firmly adopt a Yugoslavist stance. At the beginning of 1914, Ilić and Stojanović became, respectively, the president and the vice-president of National Unity. It then numbered 34 members, including four Muslims and four Croats. At that time, National Unity was one of the most active groups of Young Bosnia.
According to Vid Gaković, who was a member of National Unity in 1914, Stojanović was an ambitious and talented young man. He was determined that his voice was heard and he liked being the centre of attention. He was severe to younger members of the association, whom he sometimes sharply criticised. Still, his bearing was not repulsive, and younger students liked being around him. Gaković described him as a tall and handsome man who greatly cared about his appearance; he wore a bow tie and a broad-brimmed hat.
On the morning of 28 June 1914, in Sarajevo, Gavrilo Princip assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austriaheir presumptive to the throne of Austria-Hungaryand his wife. Princip was of a group of conspirators, which included Trifko Grabež; the whole group was arrested by the Austrian police after the assassination. Blaming Serbia for the attack, Austria-Hungary would declare war on that state a month later, marking the beginning of World War I. Shortly after the assassination, Stojanović wrote in his notebook a quote from Giuseppe Mazzini: "There is no more sacred thing in the world than the duty of a conspirator, who becomes an avenger of humanity and the apostle of permanent natural laws." On 29 June, Stojanović took his final exams at the Tuzla gymnasium. Soon afterwards, he and Ilić wrote a draft of their manifesto to the South Slavic youth, referring to Young Bosnia in a sentence:
Vojislav Vasiljević, a close friend of Princip's, was a member of National Unity. The Austrian police searched his notebooks and found a list of all members of the association. Vasiljević kept evidence of the payment of membership fees. All on the list, including Stojanović, were arrested on 3 July 1914. Soon after, Stojanović's younger brother Sreten was arrested for his anti-Austrian revolutionary correspondence with Ilić. Beside the conspirators who assassinated Franz Ferdinand, six groups of activists of Young Bosnia were arrested. The group containing the members of National Unity was called the Tuzla group. The criminal investigation against them began on 9 July, and lasted for more than a year. They were consecutively kept in prisons in Tuzla, Banja Luka, and Bihać. In the Banja Luka prison, the whole group was kept in the same room, which enabled them to organise political and literary discussions. They issued a comic and satirical magazine, called "Mala paprika" (Little Paprika), the copies of which they made using carbon paper. A number of copies found their way out of the prison.
In the Bihać prison, the Tuzla group created a literary magazine named "Almanah" (Almanac). For its first and only issue, Stojanović wrote several poems and an essay. Its editor-in-chief was Ilić, while Sreten Stojanović and Kosta Hakman contributed illustrations. The Stojanović brothers and Ilić learned French during their incarceration. The trial of the Tuzla group was held between 13 and 30 September 1915 in Bihać. Ilić was sentenced to death, Stojanović to sixteen years' imprisonment, and the other members of the group received sentences between ten months and fifteen years. Especially aggravating for Ilić and Stojanović was their participation in the military drills in Serbia. This became known to the Austrians at the beginning of World War I, when their army temporarily took Loznica in western Serbia, where they found documents of National Defence containing records of all Bosnian attendees of the drills.
Stojanović and other members of the group were sent to the prison in Zenica. Three months after the sentence, they were joined by Ilić, whose death penalty was commuted to 20 years' imprisonment. In the Zenica prison, each convict had to spend the first three months in solitary confinement. This was very hard for Stojanović, who became mentally unwell and became so emaciated that Ilić hardly recognised him. Stojanović later recovered and took a course in shoe-making, which was given in the prison. Afterwards, he fell seriously ill and had to undergo surgery in the prison hospital. In late 1917, the Austrian authorities pardoned all convicts of the Tuzla group, except Ilić. Stojanović went to his family in Prijedor. After a medical examination, he was declared unfit for army service due to his surgery and was not drafted into the Austrian army. He entered the School of Medicine, University of Zagreb, shortly before the disintegration of Austria-Hungary in November 1918. He participated in the disarming of Austrian troops in Sremska Mitrovica.
Interwar period.
The Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenesrenamed Yugoslavia in 1929was created on 1 December 1918, and incorporated Bosnia-Herzegovina. Stojanović continued studying medicine in Zagreb. As a former activist of Young Bosnia, he was offered a King's scholarship but he refused it. In Zagreb, he reunited with his former schoolmate Nikola Nikolić, who had also been a member of National Unity. After his release from the Zenica prison, Nikolić was drafted into the Austrian army and sent to the Russian front were he surrendered to the Russians and participated in the October Revolution. Nikolić's account of the revolution influenced Stojanović to adopt a more leftist stance. In this period, Stojanović's favourite authors were Maksim Gorky and Miroslav Krleža. His professor of anatomy, Drago Perović, arranged for him to visit an anatomical institute in Vienna. Stojanović went there several times in 1921 and 1922 and befriended members of a leftist association of Yugoslav students of the Vienna University. When this association held a protest against the king and government of Yugoslavia, Stojanović took part in it and delivered a speech. Behind the protest stood the Communist Party of Yugoslavia.
Stojanović graduated as a Doctor of Medicine in 1926, and he worked for two years as a trainee physician in Zagreb and Sarajevo. He then opened his private practice in Pučišća on the Adriatic island of Brač. In 1929, he returned to Prijedor, where he opened his practice on the first floor of the Stojanović family house, where his mother had lived alone since his father's death in 1926. Stojanović soon became a popular figure in Prijedor; his patients said that simply talking with him was curative. He treated poor people for free; he once sent a homeless man to a hospital in Zagreb and paid for his surgery. Stojanović earned well and lived at a rather high standard. People from other areas of Bosanska Krajina also went to him for medical treatment. In villages around Prijedor, where brawls were common, rowdies sang about him:
In 1931, Stojanović was contracted with the Prijedor branch of the state railway company to provide healthcare for its employees. In 1936, he was contracted with an iron ore mining company in Ljubija, a town near Prijedor, where he would visit the mining company's clinic twice a week. He also taught hygiene at the gymnasium in Prijedor. Together with other intellectuals from this town, he gave lectures to the miners at the their club in Ljubija. His lectures were usually about medical issues, but he also described the economic and social position of workers in more advanced countries. He socialised with the miners and treated their family members for free. He was very active socially, and participated in sports. In 1932, he founded the tennis club of Prijedor, which today bears his name. Stojanović once bought new kit for all players of the football club Rudar Ljubija. His contracts with the railway company and the mining company were both terminated in 1939. The railway employees protested in Prijedor and Stojanović's contract with that company was renewed.
The Ljubija miners were on strike between 2 August and 8 September 1940. Some of the leaders of the strike were members of a secret Communist cell in Ljubija, which was formed in January 1940. The Communist Party had been outlawed in Yugoslavia since 1921. The Communist organisation of Banja Luka sent its experienced member Branko Babič to help the strike leaders. According to Babič, a Communist from Prijedor introduced him to Stojanović at the beginning of September 1940. Babič stayed for several days at the doctor's house, conducting the strike. Seeing Stojanović as a Communist sympathiser, Babič proposed to him to join the Communist Party of Yugoslavia. Stojanović at first declined, saying that he still had bourgeois habits, though he had read much of the Marxist literature. After further conversations with Babič, Stojanović agreed to become a member of the party.
At the end of September 1940, Babič and all five members of the Ljubija cell held a meeting at which they unanimously decided to admit Stojanović into the Communist Party. Babič held him in high esteem and regarded him as ardently devoted to the Communist cause. Some Communists, however, continued to refer to Stojanović as a Communist sympathiser, and some regarded him as a "salon Communist".
Onset of World War II.
On 6 April 1941, the Kingdom of Yugoslavia was invaded from all sides by the Axis powers, primarily by Nazi German forces. Stojanović was assigned as a physician to an infantry battalion based in Banja Luka. During the invasion, this battalion moved for several days toward Dalmatia, before it completely disintegrated without firing a bullet at the enemy. That was the end of the April War for Stojanović, and he returned to Prijedor. The Royal Yugoslav Army capitulated on 17 April, and the Axis powers proceeded to dismember Yugoslavia. Almost all of modern-day Croatia, all of modern-day Bosnia-Herzegovina, and parts of modern-day Serbia were combined into the Independent State of Croatia (often called the NDH, from the ). It was a puppet state described as an "Italian-German quasi-protectorate", which was under the brutal regime of the Ustaše, Croatian fascists. The organiser of the Ustaše, Ante Pavelić, headed the NDH government. Its objective was to eliminate the ethnic Serb population through mass killings and forced assimilation, and many Serbs fled to the German-occupied part of Serbia.
The NDH's repressive measures also included taking prominent Serbs hostage against Serb attacks. To avoid being taken hostage, Stojanović paid 100,000 dinars to the Ustaše in Prijedor. Resistance movements began emerging in occupied Yugoslavia; royalists and Serbian nationalists under the leadership of then-Colonel Draža Mihailović founded the Ravna Gora Movement, whose members were called Chetniks. Their sporadic forays on the German occupiers began in May 1941. The Communist Party of Yugoslavia (CPY), led by Josip Broz Tito, prepared to rise to arms at a favourable moment. In the view of the Communists, the fight against the Axis and its domestic collaborators would be a common fight of all Yugoslav peoples.
Operation Barbarossa, the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union, began on 22 June 1941. On the same day, the Ustaše began arresting Communists and their known sympathisers in the towns of Bosanska Krajina, including Prijedor. The Communists had predicted this, and most of them avoided capture by escaping to the villages or hiding in the towns. Stojanović was one of the few Communists arrested in Prijedor. He was imprisoned with the Serb hostages on the second floor of a school in the town. They were subjected to forced labour, being led each morning through the town to repair the road to Kozarac. The column of hostages was usually headed by Stojanović carrying a shovel on his shoulder. The Croatian Home Guards guarding the prison treated the doctor well. While detained, Stojanović lectured Marxism to a group of hostages.
On the day of the Axis invasion of the Soviet Union, the Executive Committee of the Communist Internationalheadquartered in Moscowtelegraphed the Central Committee of the CPY to take all measures to support and alleviate the struggle of the Soviet people, and to organise partisan detachments to fight the Axis in Yugoslavia. The Executive Committee also stressed that the fight, at the current stage, should not be about socialist revolution, but about the liberation from the Axis occupiers. In response to this appeal, the leaders of the CPY decided on 4 July in Belgrade to launch a nationwide armed uprising, which began three days later in western Serbia. The members of the CPY-led forces were called Partisans, and their supreme commander was Tito. On 13 July, in Sarajevo, the CPY Provincial Committee for Bosnia-Herzegovina, headed by Svetozar Vukmanović, organised the province into military regions: Bosanska Krajina, Herzegovina, Tuzla, and Sarajevo.
The Prijedor Communists were keen to rescue Stojanović from his imprisonment, but their attempts to bribe Ustaše into releasing him failed. They also considered storming the school in which he was kept. On 17 July, just after midnight, Stojanović asked a guard to let him go to the toilet on the first floor of the school. The guard let him go and followed closely behind him. When they were half way down the stairs, Stojanović shouted "Fire!" as smoke came from a room on the second floor. During the commotion of the guards and hostages extinguishing the fire, Stojanović entered the toilet and escaped through the window. He went to the village of Orlovci, several kilometres from Prijedor, where he was accompanied by Rade Bašića young Communist who had earlier escaped from the town. Bašić escorted Stojanović toward Mount Kozara (), north of the Prijedor Plain .
Yugoslav Partisan.
Area of Kozara.
July–August 1941.
On the morning of 19 July 1941, Stojanović and Bašić arrived at the camp of the Communists and their sympathisers who escaped from Prijedor, situated at Rajlića Kosa above the village of Malo Palančište. The news of Stojanović's escape soon spread throughout Prijedor. The group, mostly in the early twenties, enjoyed an increase in their credibility and esteem since a well-known and respected doctor joined their camp. People from surrounding Serb villages brought food and other supplies to Stojanović and his young comrades. Stojanović gave speeches to the villagers, telling them to be prepared for an impending uprising and urging them to bring him rifles they were hiding at their homes. The camp at Rajlića Kosa was the first Partisan camp in the Kozara area.
Kozara, located in northern Bosanska Krajina and centred around Mount Kozara, covers about . In 1941 the area had a population of nearly 200,000 people. The villagers were mostly Serbs, and the towns in the areathe biggest of which was Prijedorhad a mixed Bosnian Muslim, Serb, and Croat population. Several villages were inhabited by ethnic Germans or "Volksdeutsche". The economy of Kozara was dominated by agriculture, but there were about 6,000 workers employed in a coal mine and several plants. The first Communist cells in the area were established shortly before the Axis invasion, mostly in the towns. Kozara had seen four uprisings against the Ottomans during the 19th century.
On the night of 25 July 1941, at Orlovci, Stojanović and seven other leading Communists of Kozara had a meeting with Đuro Pucar, the head of the CPY Regional Committee for Bosanska Krajina. Pucar told the assembled Communists that military actions against the enemy should start as soon as possible. The actions should be of a guerrilla type, for which purpose partisan detachments should be formed. Stojanović and Osman Karabegović were appointed to lead the uprising in the Prijedor district. On 27 July, in western Bosanska Krajina, Partisans took the town of Drvar, marking the beginning of the uprising in Bosnia-Herzegovina. The insurgents in Kozara were still not organised into military units. In the district of Prijedor, Stojanović and Karabegović had little control over the men from the district's villages who rose to arms. Pucar referred to the district's insurgents as the "Prijedor Company", the bulk of which were villagers, numbering several hundred men. Many of them had no firearms.
According to Pucar, the Prijedor Company was planned to attack Ljubija. On 30 July, contrary to Stojanović's direct order, the insurgents attacked Palančište and rescued fifteen hostages held by Ustaše. The insurgents then advanced toward Prijedor and developed a front line facing the town, which was defended by Croatian Home Guards, Ustaše, and German forces. The front line stabilised after three days of fighting, leaving the "Prijedor Company" in control of seven villages. Railway traffic between Ljubija and Zagreb was disrupted, stopping the export of iron ore from Ljubija to Germany. The uprising in Kozara also involved the districts of Dubica and Novi. By mid-August, five detachments of Partisans had been formed within the territory held by the Kozara insurgents. These detachments, including the Prijedor Detachment commanded by Stojanović, together kept a front-line facing Kozarac, Prijedor, Lješljani, Dobrljin, Kostajnica, and Dubica.
The leaders of the uprising in Kozara assembled on 15 August 1941 in the village of Knežica to confer on the current situation in the area. At the conference, Stojanović was recognised as the principal leader in Kozara; this recognition mostly resulted from his pre-war social status and high repute among the people. It was concluded that making the front line was a mistake because the Partisans should be oriented toward guerrilla warfare. At some point during the conference, Stojanović stressed the importance of binding as many enemy troops as possible to the area, so that they could not be sent to the Russian front to fight the Red Army. As the five detachments in the area were bound to their specific territories, it was decided that another detachmentwhich could operate anywhere in Kozarashould be formed. Stojanović and Karabegović were chosen to be, respectively, the commander and the political commissar of that detachment, called the Kozara Detachment. This unit was promptly formed with about forty men. With a red banner at its head, the Kozara Detachment paraded for a couple of days through villages in the Partisan-held territory. The villagers would gather and Stojanović would deliver speeches to them.
Croatian Home Guards, Ustaše, and a German battalion from Banja Lukaabout 10,000 soldiersattacked on 18 August 1941 the Partisan-held territory in Kozara. The enemy troops broke the Partisans' front line and penetrated the territory. They burnt houses and looted cattle and grain in the villages. Some of the villagers became demoralised, and they blamed Partisans for their losses; some placed white flags on their houses. The Partisan units retreated deeper into forested areas in the mountains. Stojanović led the Kozara Detachment toward Lisina, the highest peak of Kozara. In the evening, he assembled his men in line and told them that they were in the army of the Communist Party and all peoples of Yugoslavia, so they could not allow themselves to be attached to any specific village or area. He advised those who could not detach themselves from their homes to lay down their weapons and leave. Several men thus left the detachment, which then proceeded toward Lisina where they organised a camp and spent some time in military training and political indoctrination. The attack of 18 August was the first counter-insurgency operation in Kozara, and the Partisans emerged from it without significant losses.
September–December 1941.
The leaders of the Kozara uprising assembled again on 10 September 1941, below Lisina. The five detachments of the Kozara Partisans were rearranged into three companies, possessing 217 rifles altogether. At the end of September, the Kozara Partisans began attacking the enemy, beginning with the weaker forces and then attacking the stronger ones. They gained military experience and captured weapons and ammunition from the enemy. More men joined the Partisans, and two more companies had been formed in Kozara by the end of October. The Partisans gained control over a number of villages. After a reorganization of the Yugoslav Partisan units, those in Kozara were merged into the 2nd Krajina National Liberation Partisan Detachment in early November 1941. Stojanović was appointed commander of this major detachment. By mid-November, Stojanović's detachment had 670 men organised in six companies and armed with 510 rifles, 5 light machine guns, and a heavy machine gun.
Between the end of September and the end of December 1941, the Kozara Partisans conducted around forty military actions against the enemy. Stojanović helped plan and execute major operations, such as the battles of Podgradci, Mrakovica, and Turjak. Stojanović argued that the village of Podgradci should be taken because it was situated deep within Kozara, because the enemy could easily disrupt the Partisans' advance toward other villages of the district of Gradiška, and because there was a sawmill in Podgradci, which worked for the Ustaše and Germans. On 23 October 1941, Partisans under Stojanović's command took Podgradci after five hours of fighting. The sawmill and its stored productsincluding a large quantity of railway ties, with which the Germans allegedly planned to repair railways destroyed by Soviet partisans in occupied Ukrainewere burnt down. Stojanović saw this action as a symbolic collaboration with the Red Army. A number of Ustaše and Croatian Home Guards were captured in Podgradci; the Ustaše were promptly executed and the Home Guards were given a speech by Stojanović, before the Partisans gave them food and escorted them to the Una River, and they were taken by boat to Croatia.
The third counterinsurgency operation in Kozara was undertaken at the end of November 1941 by about 19,000 Croatian Home Guards, Ustaše, and Germans. The Partisans emerged from the operation without significant losses, though the NDH's propaganda said that the rebels in Kozara were destroyed and that Stojanović had been killed. The Partisans never repeated the mistake of frontal resistance. When stronger enemy forces advanced toward them, the Partisan units manoeuvred to position themselves behind the attackers, thus avoiding battles they could not win. The Partisans therefore did not defend villages. During the third counterinsurgency, the Ustaše and Germans killed hundreds of Serb civilians in the villages, leading to a loss of support for the Partisans among the population. Stojanović thought that a significant victory over the enemy would be the best way to restore the lost support.
After the third counterinsurgency, a battalion of the Croatian Home Guard was stationed at Mrakovica, a peak in Kozara. Stojanović ordered an attack by five companies of the 2nd Krajina Detachment on the battalion, which began on 5 December 1941 at 5:30 am. The battle ended by 9:30 am with a decisive victory by the Partisans. They lost five men, while 78 Home Guards were killed and around 200 were captured. The Partisans seized 155 rifles, 12 light and 6 heavy machine guns, 4 mortars, 120 mortar rounds, and 19,000 cartridges. The last action of the 2nd Krajina Detachment under Stojanović's command was the battle of Turjak. Four companies of the detachment attacked and took the village on 16 December 1941. The Partisans captured 134 Home Guards and letters to their familieswhich revealed their extremely low morale. The capture of Turjak opened up the district of Gradiška to the Kozara Partisans. The Home Guards retreated from Podgradci without much fighting. Soon, most of the district was under Partisan control and Stojanović's detachment controlled most of Mount Kozara and the surrounding Potkozarje region.
More men joined Stojanović's detachment, and at the end of 1941 it had over one thousand well-armed soldiers organised in three battalions of three companies each. The detachment established good relations with the Muslim population of the area; a number of Muslims from Kozarac joined the Partisans. On 21 December at Lisina, Pucar held a meeting with the Communists of Kozara. At the meeting, Stojanović presented a short history of the uprising in Kozara. Pucar stated that the 2nd Krajina was the best-organised detachment in Bosanska Krajina.
On 24 December, the Banja Luka headquarters of the Croatian Home Guard offered a reward for Stojanović. A document of the headquarters described him as the most intelligent and dangerous rebel leader, who planned and carried out attacks in a highly systematic manner. The headquarters was especially concerned about Stojanović's treatment of captured Croatian soldiers—giving them a Communist propaganda speech, offering them food and cigarettes, dressing their wounds, and then letting them go home. According to the headquarters, Stojanović and his men's influence on the morale of the soldiers made them useless in future fights with the Partisans. The courage and fighting spirit of the Kozara Partisans became famous in Bosanska Krajina, in other parts of Bosnia and in the areas of Croatia bordering on Bosnia. In the villages of Kozara, people sang about Stojanović:
Area of Grmeč.
On 29 or 30 December 1941, Stojanović arrived in the area of Grmeč in western Bosanska Krajina, which was in the zone of responsibility of the 1st Krajina National Liberation Partisan Detachment. This zone also included Drvar, where the uprising in Bosnia-Herzegovina began. The military activities of the Partisans there diminished after the capture of Drvar by Italian troops on 25 September 1941. In the Italians' propaganda, they presented themselves as protectors of the Serbian people against the Ustaše. Groups of Serbs collaborated with the Italians. According to Karabegović, the Partisans of the 1st Krajina became more active after Pucar held a conference with their commanders on 15 December 1941, but this activity was still weak in northern parts of Grmeč. Stojanović went there to counter the Italian propaganda and to mobilise the Partisans against the Italians and their collaborators; he was accompanied by Karabegović.
According to writer Branko Ćopić, who was a Partisan in Grmeč, Stojanović was greeted by a crowd of villagers and welcomed with the traditional bread and salt ceremony when he crossed the Sana River. Prominent villagers shook hands with him, and they compared him with Miloš Obilića famous Serbian epic hero from the medieval Battle of Kosovo. Several women approached Stojanović to kiss his hands; he declined this mark of respect, saying that he was not a priest but a Communist.
Stojanović visited the villages in the area and inspected individual companies and platoons of the 1st Krajina. His visits were accompanied by parades of the Partisan units and by mass gatherings. Partisan songs were sung, slogans were shouted, and banners were waved. Stojanović gave speeches to the villagers and soldiers. He said that the Italian troops in the area were not protectors of the Serbs, but occupiers and enemies. He branded those who collaborated with the Italians as traitors to the Serbian people. Stojanović's speeches were not well received by some people, who spread rumours that he was not Mladen Stojanović, but a "Turk" (Muslim) impersonator. According to them, Stojanović had been killed by Ustaše in August 1941 and the Communists were using his impersonator to deceive the people. Few people gave credence to these rumours.
On 22 January 1942, at the headquarters of the 1st Krajina in the village of Majkić Japra, Stojanović presided over a conference of the detachment's commanding staff and political activists of Grmeč. He criticised the detachment's headquarters because it had no division of functions and there was no personal accountability among its members. The headquarters had no communication with the companies of the detachment and did not act as a military-political leadership and there were no designated couriers at the headquarters' constant disposal. Stojanović was generally pleased with the Grmeč Partisans, describing them as courageous, enthusiastic, firm, and trustworthy but somewhat inexperienced. However, he said that the platoons of the detachment were dispersed in villages and had no contacts with each other. In this way, according to Stojanović, the Partisans were losing their soldierly characteristics and becoming more like peasants. Stojanović criticised the opinion among some of the Partisans that the political commissars should be abolished. He warned that the Partisans who wore emblems other than the red star would be punished for indiscipline.
At the conference, Stojanović installed Milorad Mijatovića Partisan from Kozaraas the new commander of the 1st Krajina and Petar Vojnović as deputy commander, while Velimir Stojnić and Salamon "Moni" Levi remained as commissar and deputy commissar, respectively. Levi was an acquaintance of Stojanović's from his visits to Vienna in 1921 and 1922. During his sojourn in Grmeč, Stojanović met young writer Branko Ćopić, whom he encouraged to write poetry about the fight of the Partisans. Stojanović thought poetry was more acceptable for the Partisans than prose. "Poetry and revolution always go hand in hand," said Stojanović. He stayed in the area until mid-February 1942. The Partisan leadership of Bosnia-Herzegovina estimated that Stojanović successfully countered the Italian propaganda and improved the condition of the 1st Krajina Detachment.
North-west central Bosnia.
Stojanović left Grmeč and went to Skender Vakuf in north-west central Bosnia to participate in the first regional conference of Communists of Bosanska Krajina, which was held from 21 to 23 February 1942. In the Partisan terminology, the military-political region of Bosanska Krajina also included central Bosnia. At the Skender Vakuf conference, presided by Pucar, Stojanović, and Karabegović, the participants analysed the military and political situation in the region. The increase of Chetnik influencewhich was strongest in south-eastern Bosanska Krajina and north-west central Bosnia in the zones of responsibility of the 3rd and 4th Krajina Detachmentswas a big problem for the Communists. A number of Partisans of these detachments joined the Chetnik side. Only in Kozara was Chetnik influence thwarted in its inception. At the conference, Stojanović was appointed commander of a unified command of the Partisan forces in Bosanska Krajina, but on 24 February he was replaced with Kosta Nađ. The unified command was named as the Operational Headquarters for Bosanska Krajina, and Stojanović became its chief of staff and its deputy commander.
According to Nađ, the split between the Partisans and the Chetniks in Bosanska Krajina and central Bosnia began on 14 December 1941 in the village of Javorani. Lazar Tešanović, the schoolteacher in Javorani, influenced members of the local Partisan unit to join the Chetnik side. Tešanović then organised a Chetnik unit of about 70 to 80 men, and at the beginning of March 1942 he and his men were in the village of Lipovac. On 5 March, Stojanović, Nađ, and Danko Mitrovthe commander of the 4th Krajinaset out for Lipovac with the Kozara Proletarian Company an assault unit formed in February 1942. According to some sources, the Partisans went to Lipovac for prearranged negotiations with Tešanović, while other sources state that they intended to disarm Tešanović and his Chetniks. When the column of the Partisans approached the school in Lipovac, they were showered with bullets by the Chetniks. Stojanović was severely wounded in the forehead. The Partisans remained pinned down by the enemy fire until evening; thirteen of them were killed and eight beside Stojanović were wounded. At nightfall, he and the other wounded were transported to the Partisan field hospital in Jošavka.
Stojanović lay in the field hospital for about 10 days before he was moved to a house around away. At the end of March 1942, the Operational Headquarters for Bosanska Krajina and the headquarters of the 4th Krajina were both located in Jošavka. The two headquarters and the field hospital were attacked on the night of 31 March by members of the Jošavka Partisan Company. They joined the Chetnik side under the influence and leadership of Radoslav "Rade" Radić, the deputy commissar of the 4th Krajina. That night, the Chetniks killed 15 Partisans in Jošavka. According to Danica Perović, the physician who attended Stojanović, the Chetniks posted a watch outside the house in which he lay after they seized his firearms. Through a messenger, Radić told Stojanović to write a letter ordering Danko Mitrov to remove all Partisan units from the area around Jošavka. Stojanović, however, wrote a letter encouraging Mitrov to continue the Partisan fight. The next night, a group of Chetniks came to Stojanović, placed him on a blanket, and carried him out of the house. When they approached a nearby stream, one of them fired two shots at Stojanović and killed him.
On 2 April, villagers of Jošavka buried Stojanović on a steep, wooded hillside. By the end of April 1942, most of the companies of the 4th Krajina National Liberation Partisan Detachment had joined the Chetnik side or disintegrated. Rade Radić became the commander of the Chetnik detachments in Bosnia. After the war, Radić was sentenced to death by the Supreme Court of Yugoslavia; he was executed by firing squad in 1945. Stojanović's remains were transported to Prijedor in November 1961.
Legacy.
On 19 April 1942, the headquarters of the 2nd Krajina decided to rename the detachment as the 2nd Krajina National Liberation Partisan Detachment "Mladen Stojanović". The Kozara Partisans vowed to avenge Stojanović's death on all the "enemies of the people". The 2nd Krajina and four companies of the 1st Krajina liberated Prijedor on 16 May 1942. On 7 August 1942, the supreme headquarters of the Yugoslav Partisans proclaimed Stojanović a People's Hero of Yugoslavia.
After the war, a monument to Stojanović made by brother Sreten was erected in Prijedor. Streets, firms, schools, hospitals, pharmacies, and associations were named after Stojanović throughout the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Many songs were composed about Stojanović, celebrating him as a hero. A Partisan film about him, titled "Doktor Mladen", was released in Yugoslavia in 1975. Stojanović was played by Ljuba Tadić, who was awarded for this role at the Pula Film Festival.
Each year in April, Stojanović is ceremonially commemorated in Prijedor and wreaths are laid at his monument. At the 2012 commemoration, the president of the Partisan War Veterans' Association of Republika Srpska declared:
Poetry.
In his youth, Stojanović wrote poems, only one of which is published—in a 1918 issue of the literary magazine "Književni jug", whose editor was Nobel Prize winner Ivo Andrić. A number of Stojanović's poems are preserved in a notebook that belonged to his closest schoolmate Todor Ilić. According to poet Dragan Kolundžija, Stojanović's poems are lyrical miniatures composed in free verse, focused on man and nature, and filled with melancholy. Kolundžija finds that what inspired Stojanović to write poetry is reflected in his verse "Krvav je bol" ("Bloody is pain"). According to poet Miroslav Feldman, who first met Stojanović in 1919 in Zagreb, his poems were sad and permeated with a yearning for a brighter, more joyous life.
Stojanović wrote an essay, which is published as the foreword to a 1920 book of poetry by Feldman, titled "Iza Sunca" ("Behind the Sun"). In 1925, Stojanović initiated the creation of an anthology of Yugoslav lyric poetry. On this project, he worked with Feldman and Gustav Krklec. The poets completed the anthology, but for an unknown reason it was never published. Stojanović's poetic inclinations are manifested in his letters to his wife Mira Stojanović, especially when he writes about his patients:

</doc>
<doc id="20699546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699546" title="Antonino D'Ambrosio">
Antonino D'Ambrosio

Antonino Pasquale D'Ambrosio (born June 23, 1971), is an Italian-American author, filmmaker, producer, and visual artist.
Writing.
D'Ambrosio is the editor and author of "Let Fury Have the Hour: The Punk Rock Politics of Joe Strummer", which was selected by PBS as one of the top non-fiction books of 2005 and by Barnes & Noble as "Favorite Book."
D'Ambrosio is the author of "Let Fury Have the Hour: Joe Strummer, Punk and the Movement that Shook the World" (2012) and "A Heartbeat and a Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears." (2009) "A Heartbeat and a Guitar" was chosen by "The Philadelphia Inquirer" as a "2009 Book of Note,", "The Progressive" "Favorite Book", "The Boston Globe", among others. 
In 2010, D'Ambrosio collaborated with artist Shepard Fairey and Jeffrey Deitch on the book "Mayday".
Film and video.
D'Ambrosio has produced more than 15 documentaries, films, videos, and visual art pieces. His recent film includes "No Free Lunch" starring Lewis Black. In September 2008, it received a notice of cultural distinction in "Vanity Fair".
D'Ambrosio is the producer, writer and director of the feature film "Let Fury Have the Hour". The film was an Official Selection of the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival. The film was received positively by "The New York Times" and Time Out New York's Joshua Rothkopf, Indiewire, PBS's POV, "The Huffington Post", "Complex" magazine, and COOL magazine.
D'Ambrosio received support from Rob McKay of the McKay Foundation and Democracy Alliance for production of a documentary film based on "Let Fury Have the Hour" chronicling the movement of world citizenship. The film has many musical contributions from artists including Chuck D, Antibalas Afrobeat Orchestra, Ocote Soul Sounds, Sean Hayes, Tommy Guerrero, Boots Riley, Tom Morello, Wayne Kramer, Billy Bragg and others. The film also features many of today's most creative thinkers and artists including playwright Eve Ensler, author Edwidge Danticat, scientist Jonah Lehrer, novelist Hari Kunzru, international human rights advocate Jack Healey, choreographer Elizabeth Streb, poets Staceyann Chin and Suheir Hammad, environmentalist Van Jones, and more. 
The film's score was composed by Wayne Kramer. The film includes original artwork from Shepard Fairey and animation by Seth Tobocman.
La Lutta.
In 1997 D'Ambrosio founded La Lutta New Media Collective, a non-profit social media and documentary production group. La Lutta NMC has worked with more than 800 groups around the world on various media projects, and maintains a membership of over 20,000. The late Neil Postman served as an adviser and honorary first board member during the early stages of the group's development. "The Nation" selected La Lutta NMC as one of the top 50 independent media groups in the country, and the "New York Times" described it as "bold courageous... creating true democracy."
With La Lutta NMC, D'Ambrosio has produced a series of creative-activist events and performances including "Speak the Words the Way You Breathe" featuring the hip-hop group The Last Poets.
Other work.
In 2010, artist Shepard Fairey invited D'Ambrosio to contribute the official essay for his solo-exhibit Mayday at the Deitch Projects in New York City. The essay, "May Day Calling", is printed on the back of Fairey's signature "flag" print.
In 2009, D'Ambrosio was Artist-In-Residence at the Center for Contemporary Arts in Santa Fe, NM where he launched the multimedia land-art installation "La Terra Promessa: In Sun & Shadow".
In 2008, D'Ambrosio was featured on "Clash: Revolution Rock", an hour-long radio show also featuring Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine, writer Dave Marsh, and filmmaker Julien Temple.
In 2006, he became New York University's Gallatin Lecturer, an honor bestowed upon a contemporary artist creating innovative and social engaging work.
In 2006 D'Ambrosio was invited to document the Poor People's Economic Human Rights Campaign in Caracas, Venezuela at the World Social Forum. His short film documenting the experience, "In the Land of Bolivar", has been screened around the world. In 2005, D'Ambrosio was Artist-In-Residence in the Media Arts Department at Long Island University, Brooklyn Campus. He speaks extensively at universities and colleges throughout the country.
From 1999-2001, D'Ambrosio served as "The Nation" magazine's first Technology Coordinator, where he worked with then publisher Victor Navasky, editor Katrina vanden Heuvel, and the magazine's contributors.
He is currently a member of the San Francisco Writers Grotto and the Brooklyn Writer's Space. The son of Italian immigrants from the small mountain village of Colli a Volturno, D'Ambrosio was raised in Philadelphia, PA. In interviews and public appearances, D'Ambrosio has often said that his work is largely influenced by his experiences growing up in the Italian immigrant community in Philadelphia as well as his time spent as a boy working alongside his bricklayer father, Lorenzo, who died in 1988. D'Ambrosio has chronicled this experience in the upcoming short story "The Call" as well in a section of his book "A Heartbeat and a Guitar". D'Ambrosio attended La Salle University where he received a BA in 1993. In 1997, he received a Masters degree from New York University where he was a Dean's Scholar.

</doc>
<doc id="20699587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699587" title="Pope Joan (2009 film)">
Pope Joan (2009 film)

Pope Joan is a German, British, Italian, Spanish medieval epic film produced by Bernd Eichinger, based on American novelist Donna Woolfolk Cross's book of the same name. Directed by Sönke Wortmann, it stars Johanna Wokalek as Pope Joan, David Wenham as Gerold, her lover, and John Goodman as Pope Sergius II. Its world premiere occurred in Berlin on 19 October 2009, going on general release in Germany on 22 October 2009.
Plot.
Shortly after the death of Charlemagne, a woman called Joan is born in Ingelheim am Rhein. She is the daughter of a village priest (Iain Glen). He also rules his wife (Jördis Triebel) and family with a rod of iron, though his Saxon wife still secretly worships the pagan god Wotan. Even so, Joan grows up to be an articulate girl, who intensively studies the Bible, unbeknownst to her father. After her eldest brother's sudden death, their father wants to send his second son John to the cathedral school in Dorestad, but when the teacher Aesculapius (Edward Petherbridge) visits them in Ingelheim, Joan proves to be far more capable of dealing with the scriptures than John. Against her father's wishes, Joan is taught by Aesculapius, who introduces her to literary works such as Homer's "Odyssey". 
When a messenger comes from the bishop to collect Joan to take her to the cathedral school, her father claims there has been a mistake and allows him to ride away with his other son. Joan flees her home at night and finds her brother, next to the body of the slain messenger. They reach Dorestad together, where the bishop reacts to Joan's strong words with great surprise, and the teacher Odo (Marc Bischoff) unwillingly takes her into his class. Count Gerold (David Wenham), however, supports the now-adolescent Joan by taking her into his home. Later Gerold falls in love with her. Soon afterwards, Gerold has to go to war in the army of Lothair I and his wife Richilde (Claudia Michelsen) takes advantage of his absence to try to arrange a marriage for Joan and thus get rid of her rival for Gerold's affections. However, the vikings break into the city during the wedding ceremony and carry out a bloody massacre, which Joan barely manages to survive.
Due to her experience of the massacre, Joan decides to assume a male disguise, entering the Fulda monastery of Benedictines as "Brother Johannes Anglicus". Shortly afterwards a fever spreads around the monastery; although Joan becomes ill during this time, she manages to avoid a physical examination, thanks to an elderly monk, who had realized she was a woman long before the fever hit.
She flees the monastery and is received as a woman by the son Arn (Marian Meder) of a woman she had helped years earlier, who has become a manager for a count. Arn gives her temporary shelter, though he knows of her gender, and makes her a tutor to his daughter Arnalda. After a short time there, Joan decides to re-assume her male disguise and to go on a pilgrimage to Rome to use her medical knowledge to become a "Medicus" there. In Rome she wins a great reputation by curing Pope Sergius II of gout with her herbal remedies and he makes her first his personal physician and then his Nomenclator. Finally, the pope threatens Lothair I for not confirming his election and Lothair marches to Rome with his army to subdue Sergius. Gerold also comes to town as part of Lothair's army's and recognizes Joan. Using a hydraulic device once built on a small scale by Joan and Gerold, the great door of the papal palace closes all by itself, seen as an Act of God. Pope Sergius then threatens Lothair and his soldiers that if they do not give respect, God's wrath will be upon them. Lothair's soldiers take this as a sign from God and all of them kneel, with Lothair following. Fascinated by what he has seen, Gerold looks out and sees Joan. He follows her and he reveals his desire to Joan, but she is torn between her male and female identities.
Meanwhile Lothair's ally Anastasius successfully plots to murder Sergius and the people gather to elect a successor by acclamation. Joan and Gerold expect Anastasius to be elected and plan to flee, but suddenly Joan discovers that it was, in fact, she herself who has been elected. During her pontificate she presents herself as a charitable pope, helping women and children and appointing Gerold as head of the papal army. However, she becomes pregnant and her reign is then in grave danger. She tries to hold off giving birth until after Easter, but Gerold is killed during the Easter procession by conspirators led by Anastasius, and that day Joan collapses and then dies in childbirth.
Anastasius succeeds her but soon afterwards he is deposed by the Roman people and exiled to a monastery. There he writes the "Liber Pontificalis", a list of the popes, from which he omits Joan. Many years later the story of the female pope is made known by Bishop Arnaldo, who is revealed to, in fact, be Arnalda, the daughter of Arn.
Differences from novel.
The novel places the pontificate of Pope Leo IV between that of Sergius and Joan, but in the film Joan immediately succeeds Sergius. Sergius's brother and deputy Benedict are replaced in the film by Anastasius, increasing the importance of the latter character. In the film, Anastasius poisons Sergius; in the novel, Sergius dies of gout and natural causes and Anastasius poisons Leo.
In the novel, Joan spends her first night with Gerold in a house where they seek refuge from a flood, whereas in the film it occurs by a river. The film also removes the couple's attempted abortion of their child, and the childhood relationship between them is only briefly discussed, whereas in the novel that relationship is more detailed; for example, they have a bond via a wolf called Lukas whom they both raise. After Gerold's departure, Richhild kills the wolf and thus symbolically separates the lovers' last bond for years.
In the film, it turns out that Joan's mentor at Fulda, Brother Benedict, knows her true identity; in the novel, her identity remains a secret to all the monks there to the end.
In the film, the steward Arighis is promoted to papal nomenclator (a role he does not occupy in the book) and does not die, whereas in the book, he dies in a fire during Leo IV's pontificate, sacrificed for Leo's building project, the Leonine Wall. In the novel, Arighis is succeeded by a young man named Waldipert, who works for Anastasius's father Bishop Arsenius and Leo; in the film, Waldipert is Sergius's valet as well as being in the pay of Arsenius and is not murdered as he is in the novel. In the novel, Renatus is the servant of Sergius and not Joan. Similarly, Zelestinus is not mentioned in the film, whereas in the novel, he is a valet at the papal court.
Particularly striking is the fact that the novel gives Joan's blond hair as her most dramatic characteristic, but the actress playing Joan in the film has brown hair. Joan dies of a miscarriage in both the film and novel but in the novel her lover Gerold dies in her arms shortly before her death, whereas in the film, they die simultaneously but in two different places.
In general, many events in the film are arranged in a different chronology than that of the novel. Some events, such as Joan's marriage, are moved back in time (in the novel she is 14 years old at the time; in the film she is 18 to 19, whilst Gerold's daughters are made much younger in the film than in the novel), whilst others are moved forward, such as the proposal to appoint Nicephoros as a bishop, which occurs in Joan's pontificate in the novel but during Sergius' in the film.
Production.
The film's production took a long time and was marked by financial and cast difficulties. The Oscar-winner Volker Schlöndorff's attempt to film the novel began in 1999, at first with the production companies UFA and Senator, until the latter was declared bankrupt in 2004, when he moved to Bernd Eichinger and Constantin Film. The planned principal photography was finally shelved in 2007 by a cancellation by John Goodman. The following summer Schlöndorff wrote a review in the Süddeutsche Zeitung criticising the production for film and television, leading to his dismissal. Sönke Wortmann replaced him as director and shortly afterwards, in May 2008, Franka Potente was replaced by Johanna Wokalek in the title role.
Shooting began in early August 2008 at Burg Querfurt in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Other locations were the cloister of the Landesschule Pforta and the church of St. Cyriakus in Gernrode, with the Rome scenes filmed in Ouarzazate, Morocco. Principal shooting was completed in 2008 in Germany and Morocco.
Reception.
"The Guardian" noted the film's appearance in the Italian box office top 10 and noted Vatican criticism of the film and "L'Avvenire", the newspaper of the Italian Bishops' Conference, described it as being of "extremely limited vision".
Awards.
"Pope Joan" was nominated in four categories in the 2010 Deutscher Filmpreis (Best Supporting Actress for Jördis Triebel, Art Direction, costumes, and sound design).

</doc>
<doc id="20699595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699595" title="Joseph Lawrence (British politician)">
Joseph Lawrence (British politician)

Sir Joseph Lawrence (23 September 1848 – 24 October 1919) was a Conservative Party politician.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Monmouth Boroughs at by-election in May 1901. The by-election was triggered by the unseating of the Conservative victor of the seat at the general election in October 1900, Dr Frederick Rutherfoord Harris, as a result of an election petition alleging irregularities in election spending.
The Conservative majority at the by-election was half that of the previous year, and Lawrence did not stand for re-election in 1906, when the seat was won by the Liberal Party candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="20699599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699599" title="Of Love and Hunger">
Of Love and Hunger

Of Love and Hunger is a novel by Julian MacLaren-Ross, first published in the United Kingdom in 1947 by Allan Wingate.
Plot summary.
Richard Fanshawe sells vacuum cleaners for a living and has an unhappy love affair with Sukie, the wife of his friend.

</doc>
<doc id="20699603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699603" title="John Wheeler Leavitt">
John Wheeler Leavitt

John Wheeler Leavitt (1790–1870) was a prominent New York City businessman, founder of J. W. & R. Leavitt Company, eventually declared insolvent, and grandfather of American society portrait painter Cecilia Beaux, who frequently painted members of the family. 
Leavitt ran the family-owned trading partnership, and was one of the most prominent businessmen of his age until financial reverses caused the bankruptcy of the firm. In spite of the financial reverses, Leavitt and his wife went on to help raise their granddaughter painter Beaux after her mother died shortly after she was born and her French father fled back to France. 
Biography.
John Wheeler Leavitt was born July 3, 1790, at Washington, Connecticut, the son of Samuel Leavitt and Lydia Wheeler Leavitt. John W. Leavitt's father Samuel came from a branch of a Massachusetts family which had settled in Connecticut in the 18th century, and Samuel later served as representative to the Connecticut General Assembly from Washington. On August 22, 1820, Samuel's merchant son John Wheeler Leavitt married Cecilia Kent, who was from an old Suffield, Connecticut, family, with whom the Leavitts had extensively intermarried. (Today's Kent Memorial Library in Suffield is named for the family.)
John Wheeler Leavitt moved to New York City at a young age, where he entered into business with his brother Rufus in the firm they called "J. W. & R. Leavitt". Operating primarily as traders, sometimes with first cousin David Leavitt, the pair bought and sold nearly everything, including real estate in Illinois and Georgia. Leavitt made an early splash, serving as one of the founders of the Mutual Life Insurance Company. As early as 1828, Leavitt was named a co-founder and initial sponsor of the Mercantile Library of New York City, which was co-founded by John Jacob Astor, Arthur Tappan, and a handful of other powerful early Manhattan businessmen. Leavitt also served as director of several early New York City banking firms, including Bank of America.
Leavitt also served as president of the New York City Board of Trade in 1841 In 1836, the prominent New York businessman served on the executive committee of the American Temperance Society. Heavily involved in charitable work, Leavitt also served as a director of the New York Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb. He also served on the boards of the Prison Discipline Society, the American Education Society, the New York Hospital Society, the Central American Education Society, the New York Temperance Society and other charitable organizations, and as an elder of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue. John Wheeler Leavitt also served with other prominent New York merchants and educators on the board of the New York Atheneum, an institution which eventually led to the founding of New York University, and was a founding trustee of the Clinton Hall Association.
In 1836 and 1837, Leavitt served as a Director of the New York and Erie Railroad. Among the host of other companies Leavitt was involved with were the Utah Central Railroad Leavitt had become a fixture on the Manhattan economic scene, and his presence on committees was noted by early New York mayor Philip Hone. (Leavitt had been one of Hone's earliest and most prominent supporters in his successful mayoral candidacy). In 1837 Leavitt was member of a committee devoted to receiving Senator Daniel Webster in New York City following his resignation from the Senate.
Merchant Leavitt had reached the apogee of the Manhattan social whirl, with American furniture maker Duncan Phyfe producing furniture for the successful businessman. By 1850 New York newspapers were heralding the upcoming marriage of the daughter of the prosperous Connecticut-born merchant to the scion of a French-family-owned silk-manufacturing firm.
But the following years brought disaster to the socially prominent families of both Leavitt and Beaux. In 1855 John W. Leavitt's daughter Cecilia died 12 days after giving birth to her daughter Cecilia Beaux, who was then sent with a sister to grandparents John Wheeler and Cecilia (Kent) Leavitt's New York home. By the time of Cecilia Beaux's mother's death, Leavitt and his wife were living in austere circumstances, following the collapse of his once-thriving business. The origins of the collapse of Leavitt's business interests are not recorded, but the aftermath was stunning. Countless suits were filed against John Wheeler Leavitt and his brother Rufus by creditors anxious to reclaim what was left of their funds. Some of the suits, recorded in The New-York Legal Observer, even hinted at fraud as the once-highflying partnership of the two Leavitt brothers collapsed.
On top of the business reversals of the Leavitt family firm, Jean Adolph Beaux's business interests collapsed in the years following the birth of his daughter. The French businessman returned to his native country, with only one visit back to Philadelphia in 16 years to see the family he left behind.
But in spite of the collapse of the family firm, grandparents John Wheeler and Cecilia Kent Leavitt took in the two children, and proved instrumental in raising them through the years. Cecilia Beaux later painted her Suffield-born grandmother several times, and called her crucial to her development as an artist.
"Especially attached to her grandmother Cecilia Kent Leavitt", writes art historian Tara Tappert in her "Cecilia Beaux and the Art of Portraiture", "Beaux regarded her as 'the strongest and most beneficent influence' in her life." In the wake of the devastation that struck the family, it was Cecilia Kent Leavitt who provided an emotional bulwark for her grandchildren. Beaux recalled later that her grandmother stressed a pragmatic approach to life, in which "everything undertaken must be completed, conquered". The unsettled years during the American Civil War were particularly difficult, as Beaux's absent father provided little emotional or financial support, and her Leavitt grandparents had lost much of their wealth and prominence.
For many years, portraitist Beaux and her cousin Emma Leavitt shared a Philadelphia studio, a bond encouraged by Beaux's Leavitt grandmother. The shared studio was not the only Leavitt bond that eased Cecilia Beaux's passage as an artist: her aunt Eliza Leavitt was her first painting teacher, and Philadelphia history painter and cousin Catherine Drinker contributed to the young Beaux's education.
John Wheeler Leavitt is buried within Vault 39 of New York Marble Cemetery, a resting place he purchased in 1830, when times were good. The cemetery, built on the northern edge of Manhattan's development, was a favored resting place for New York's leading professional and merchant families. Leavitt died in New York City on July 17, 1870. His wife Cecilia, who proved so crucial in the development of her artist granddaughter, died on May 9, 1892.
John Wheeler Leavitt and his wife had eight children, five of them girls. Leavitt was the great-grandfather of Haverford College Professor Henry S. Drinker. Leavitt's son John Wheeler Leavitt Jr. graduated from Columbia University in New York City in 1845. John Wheeler Leavitt Jr. was christened at Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in Manhattan in 1831. He later married Catherine Churchill, daughter of New York businessman William Churchill and his wife Cornelia. Catherine (Churchill) Leavitt is interred in the Leavitt family vault in New York Marble Cemetery.
Quotes.
"My grandparents were both of Puritan New England stock, English entirely. Their ancestors had been early settlers in the northern and western part of Connecticut. My grandfather, John Wheeler Leavitt, came from the township of Washington; my grandmother, whose name was Cecilia Kent, from Suffield."
– American painter Cecilia Beaux, "Background with Figures: Autobiography of Cecilia Beaux", Houghton Mifflin Company, 1930

</doc>
<doc id="20699613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699613" title="U.S. Route 302 in New Hampshire">
U.S. Route 302 in New Hampshire

U.S. Route 302 (US 302) crosses the northern part of New Hampshire, entering the state by bridging the Connecticut River from Wells River, Vermont, following the Ammonoosuc River into the White Mountains, passing through Crawford Notch and following the Saco River out of the mountains to Fryeburg, Maine. US 302 serves as one of the few major highways that runs east–west in northern New England.
U.S. Route 302 is a spur of U.S. Route 2, but does not intersect its parent highway in New Hampshire.
Route description.
US 302 enters the state of New Hampshire at a two-lane arch bridge over the Connecticut River beginning in Wells River, Vermont. It follows Central Street on a two-lane alignment, passing through Woodsville until it reaches NH 10 (Dartmouth College Highway), where it turns eastward.
US 302 follows the Ammonoosuc River through a mix of fields and forested land, passing through Bath as Lisbon Road and Lisbon as its Main Street. As it approaches Littleton, the road's name changes to Meadow Street and becomes a shopping strip just before crossing the river and interchanging with I-93. After a short stretch, the road meets Main Street (NH18) at a skewed intersection, defaulting onto Main Street and passing through the town's downtown.
The route intersects NH 116 and turns southward onto Cottage Street, immediately bridging the Ammonoosuc River once again, and passes through a residential area before turning eastward onto Bethlehem Road. The route passes under Interstate 93 again and passes through woodland, where it crosses I-93 for a third time at a second interchange, where also NH 18 and NH 116 depart to the south. US 302 then travels eastward through largely forested land, passing through Bethlehem and Twin Mountain (where it crosses U.S. Route 3), then turns southward as it passes through Crawford Notch State Park, bearing Crawford Notch Road as its name and paralleling the Saco River.
After turning eastward again, passing through Bartlett and intersecting NH 16, the road becomes White Mountain Highway and turns southward once more, passing Lower Bartlett and entering North Conway. The route follows Eastman Road south of North Conway, which it follows to its end at NH 113 (Main Street) after bridging the Saco River once again. US 302 turns east, passing through more forested land as it crosses the Maine state border, bound for Fryeburg a short stretch east of there.
History.
Between 1922 and 1935, most of the current routing of US 302 from Portland, Maine west to its intersection with New Hampshire Route 18 in Littleton was designated as New England Interstate Route 18. The New England route designation was later removed and supplanted by the US 302 designation east of Littleton. West of Littleton, NH/VT Route 18 carried the designation north to US 2, which carried the designation west to Montpelier, Vermont.
US 302 today takes a more southerly path than the original Route 18. West of Littleton, it runs along parts of former New England Interstate Routes 10 and 25.

</doc>
<doc id="20699618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699618" title="Continental IO-346">
Continental IO-346

The Continental IO-346 engine is a fuel-injected four-cylinder aircraft engine that was developed especially for the Beechcraft Musketeer Custom III by Continental Motors. It was produced for that aircraft between 1965 and 1969.
Design and development.
There is no carbureted version of the engine, which would have been designated O-346 and therefore the base model is the IO-346.
The IO-346 was designed to run on 91-98 avgas. The engine has a dry weight of 269¾ lb or 297 lb including the generator and starter. The ignition system consists of dual magnetos, one Scintilla S4RN-201 and one S4RN-205 or, alternatively, two Slick Electro 449 magnetos.
Specifications (IO-346).
Reference: "Engines for Homebuilt Aircraft & Ultralights"

</doc>
<doc id="20699620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699620" title="Henry Chandos Pole Gell">
Henry Chandos Pole Gell

Henry Chandos Pole Gell (10 January 1829 – 31 October 1902) was a High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1867. He took the additional surname Gell when he inherited the Gell fortune in 1842. His main residence was at Heverswood in Kent as he leased Hopton Hall to a relative.
Biography.
Henry Chandos Pole was the second son of Edward Sacheverell Chandos Pole born at Radbourne Hall. In 1842 he took the arms and surname Gell when he succeeded to the estate at Hopton Hall. Gell was High Sheriff in 1867.
Gell had five daughters with his first wife who died in 1868. He married Teresa Charlotte Manningham-Buller the following year and had a son in 1872. His son who became Brigadier-General Harry Anthony Chandos-Pole-Gell (1872-1934) relinquished the surname Gell in the 1930s.
Gell died on 31 October 1902 and he was buried at Carsington.

</doc>
<doc id="20699640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699640" title="Billy Ball">
Billy Ball

William Henry "Billy" Ball (11 April 1876 – February 1929) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in West Derby, Liverpool. He played for Manchester United, Liverpool South End, Rock Ferry, Blackburn Rovers, Everton, and Notts County.

</doc>
<doc id="20699646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699646" title="P3 Sessions">
P3 Sessions

P3 Sessions is a Norwegian radio program on NRK P3, that airs own-produced concerts live, like the American version; Sessions@AOL. The first program was held in the spring of 2003.
In a span of five years, more than 50 concerts have been held. With artists like; Dimmu Borgir, Kaizers Orchestra, Raga Rockers, BigBang, Travis and Håkan Hellström.
P3 Sessions now has an average of 100,000 listeners.

</doc>
<doc id="20699655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699655" title="Harry Boam">
Harry Boam

Harry Kenneth Perrott Boam (born 15 October 1990) is a New Zealand cricketer, and the first schoolboy to play for the Wellington Firebirds, Wellington's domestic cricket team in the State Championship. He also represented New Zealand at the Under 19 Cricket World Cup in Malaysia in and in New Zealand's Under 19 tour of England in 2008 where he played in two test matches and five one day games. Captain of the highly successful Wellington College 1st XI team his cricketing achievements were recognised by the award of Wellington Sport's Sportsman of the Year award for 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20699676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699676" title="Tadeusz Truskolaski">
Tadeusz Truskolaski

Tadeusz Truskolaski (born 10 April 1958 in Stare Kapice, Białystok County, Poland) is an economist and politician. A member of the Civic Platform "(Platforma Obywatelska)" party, he has been the president (mayor) of the Polish city of Białystok since 5 December 2006, succeeding Ryszard Tur of the Christian National Union.
Academic career.
Descended from the Polish nobility officially extinguished in 1921, his is one of 530 family names which traditionally bear the Ślepowron coat of arms. After graduation he began work as a university teacher. In 1996 he earned a doctorate in economic sciences at the Bialystok campus of the University of Warsaw. His Ph.D. thesis was "Transport planning as a factor in the development of cities in Northeastern Poland". On 3 April 2007 he was habilitated at the University of Bialystok after defending a second dissertation entitled "Transport and dynamics of economic growth in the Southeastern Baltic". He is an author of about 70 papers on economics.
Politics.
He was employed by "Rządowe Centrum Studiów Strategicznych" (Government Centre for Strategic Studies) where he worked on the regional planning of Poland. He directed the Department of Regional Politics in "Urzad Marszalkowski" (Marshal's Office) of Podlaskie Voivodeship, where he obtained 52 million euros from the European Union's PHARE program to help ease Poland's accession to the EU. He is an advisor to the Minister of Regional Development.
In 2006 he ran for mayor of the city of Bialystok as a candidate of the Civic Platform party. In the first round of the elections he received 49% of the votes (42,889 votes altogether). In the later runoff he defeated his rival Marek Kozlowski from the Law and Justice "(Prawo i Sprawiedliwość)" party, receiving 67% of the votes cast (53,018 votes). He was sworn in as mayor on 5 December 2006.
Esperanto activities.
In August 2007 Truskolaski delivered a speech at the 92nd World Congress of Esperanto in Yokohama. In his speech he urged attendees to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the birth of the originator of Esperanto by attending the 2009 World Congress in Ludwik Zemenhof's home town of Białystok. The mayor cited Białystok as "a place which is the melting pot of different nations, religions, cultures, customs and traditions" and "an example of the integration of ethnic and religious groups, a meeting place for Poles, Byelorussians, Jews, Lithuanians, Germans, Russians and Tartars." This multi-ethnicity, he said, was one reason for Zamenhof to develop the universal language of Esperanto.
That 94th World Congress of Esperanto duly began the last weekend of July at the University of Białystok, with about 2,000 participants, including French architect Louis-Christophe Zaleski-Zamenhof, a grandson of Esperanto's founder and a strong proponent of the Esperanto movement. The attendees were again greeted in the Esperanto language by Mayor Truskolaski and the Deputy Mayor Alexander Sosna, who had served as chair of the World Congress organizing committee.
Aside from Polish, Truskolaski also speaks both English and Russian. He has a wife Ewa, a daughter Emilia and a son Krzysztof.

</doc>
<doc id="20699712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699712" title="Edmund Durfee">
Edmund Durfee

Edmund Durfee (Durfy) Sr. (October 3, 1788 – November 15, 1845) was an American settler and early member of the Latter Day Saint movement who is remembered as a martyr by Latter-day Saints.
Biography.
Born in Tiverton, Rhode Island, Durfee was a farmer, carpenter, and millwright. He married Magdalena Pickle, and they later became the parents of thirteen children. The Durfees joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in the 1830s in Ohio. After being driven as religious refugees from Mormon settlements in Ohio and Missouri ("see Missouri Executive Order 44"), they moved to Morley's Settlement in Hancock County, Illinois, about 25 miles due south of Nauvoo, Illinois.
In September 1845, a mob of anti-Mormon arsonists rushed upon Morley's Settlement. They burned down the Durfee home and, shortly thereafter, burned down the homes of dozens of other Mormon families. The morning following, Solomon Hancock sent word of the burnings to President Brigham Young in Nauvoo:
"Dear Brother, 
I will agreeably to your request send you some of the particulars of what has been done. On the other side of the branch, it is a scene of desolation. On Wednesday the 10th all of a sudden, the mob rushed upon Edmund Durfee and destroyed some property, and set fire to both of his buildings. . . On the morning of the 11th they again set fire to the buildings of Edmund Durfee, and fired upon some of his children without hitting them; they then proceeded to the old shop of Father Morley's and set fire to both his shops. In the afternoon the mob came on again and set fire to Father Whiting's chair shop, Walter Cox, Cheney Whiting, and Azariah Tuttle's houses. At evening they retreated back again. . . Last evening they set on fire three buildings, near Esq. Walker's; and this morning we expect them to renew their work of destruction . . . The mob is determined to destroy us. 
The mob have burned all houses on the south side of the branch, and left last evening for Lima; said they would return this morning as soon as light, and swear they will sweep through and burn everything in Nauvoo."
Death.
After losing their home to the arsonists, the Durfees, with other homeless residents, fled to Nauvoo for safety. Edmund and other men returned to Morley's Settlement to harvest their crops on November 15, 1845. They lodged with Solomon Hancock in his unburned home about one-half mile northeast of Lima, Illinois. Late that evening, nightriders set fire to hay in the Hancock barnyard. Awakened, the Mormon men rushed outside to fight the fire. Edmund Durfee, who was age 57 at the time, was shot in the back and killed. Durfee's attackers were identified and arrested, but never brought to trial, even though "their guilt was sufficiently apparent," according to Illinois Governor Thomas Ford. Edmund was buried near his brother, James Durfee, in Nauvoo's Parley Street Cemetery.
Durfee has since been described as "one of the most inoffensive men in the country." "Some of the mob engaged in the tragic affair afterwards boasted that they had shot Durfee in order to win a wager of a gallon of whisky, that the stack had been set on fire to cause an alarm and draw the men out, and that by killing him they had won the whisky." 
Following his murder, Edmund's family participated in the Latter-day Saints' forced exodus from Nauvoo in 1846. Edmund's widow, Magdalena, died during the hard journey near present-day Council Bluffs. His daughter, Tamma Durfee Miner, buried both her baby, Melissa, at Montrose, and her husband Albert Miner, in Iowaville, along the Mormon Trail. Eight Durfee children – Martha Durfee Stevens, Tamma Durfee Miner Curtis, Dolly Durfee Garner, Delana Durfee Dudley, Abraham Durfee, Jabez Durfee, Mary Durfee Carter, and Nephi Durfee – went west with the Latter-day Saints and settled in Utah Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="20699716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699716" title="John Howarth (footballer)">
John Howarth (footballer)

John Thomas Howarth (born 1899, date of death unknown) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Darwen, Lancashire. He played for Manchester United, Darwen, and Manchester City.

</doc>
<doc id="20699718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699718" title="Aryana Farshad">
Aryana Farshad

Aryana Farshad is a writer, director, and film producer born in Tehran, Iran.
Known for her documentary films on spirituality and mysticism, Aryana Farshad is an award-winning international film maker. Over the past decade she has been commissioned to make several films for different non-profit foundations in US, Iran, London, Turkey and India. Fluent in English, French & Persian, Aryana is the recipient of “Audience Favorite Award”, “Telly Award”, and “Davey Award”. In addition, she received the prestigious ABU Award for editing a documentary film entitled “Immigrant Birds.” Aryana is a still photographer and her work was exhibited at LACMA, and Einsen Gallery. She also has the distinction of being the first Iranian/American interviewed on KCET (PBS Los Angeles) BY VAL ZAVALA. Previously, Aryana worked at COLUMBIA and MGM (see IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0268583) 
Currently, Aryana lectures at major universities, museums, and various non-profit organizations. She has lectured at: The British Museum of Arts, LA County Museum of Arts, UC Berkeley, Stanford University, Fes Sacred Music Festival in Morocco, Parliament of the World Religions in Barcelona, and the Gene Siskel Film Center in Chicago. For her latest project “Longing for the Soul; A Quest for Rumi”, she received a “Bijan & Soraya” Grant. 
Education and career.
She moved to Paris, France and studied French language and literature at The Sorbonne, prior to receiving her degree from the Institut Des Hautes Etudes Cinematographiques in film production and editing. She returned to her native country of Iran for a few years where she worked with major Iranian and western film makers including two times Academy Award winning French director Alber Lamorisse. She moved to Los Angeles, attending USC film department and later joined the Editor's Guild and worked for major Hollywood studios, including MGM Studios and Columbia Pictures in television post-production. In 2000, she travelled back to her native country Iran and returned footage which was used in creating the award winning documentary film "Mystic Iran, the Unseen World". Her second documentary film on Iran, "Age of Awakening", is narrated by Omid Djalili. Mystic Iran went on to be acknowledged and awarded at many film festivals and won the "Audience Favorite Award" at the 2008 Noor Film Festival. Her current project, "Longing for the Soul" is about Rumi and in production.
Filmography.
Cesar winning French actress Fanny Ardent.
Additional sources.
"PSA Poetry group will have a screening of the much anticipated documentary by Aryana Farshad called "Mystic Iran, The Unseen World"

</doc>
<doc id="20699731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699731" title="Bruce Jacobs (field hockey)">
Bruce Jacobs (field hockey)

Bruce Jacobs (born March 27, 1975 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a male field hockey player from South Africa, who was a member of the national squad that finished tenth at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. Jacobs also represented his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20699737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699737" title="Coonardoo">
Coonardoo

Coonardoo: The Well in the Shadow is a novel written by the Australian author Katharine Susannah Prichard. The novel depicts the Australian landscape beautifully as it once was in the late 1920s. In an age when white settlers tried to control more and more land of the bare plains of north west Australia.
Originally written under the name "Jim Ashburton", this novel was joint winner of the Bulletin Novel Competition in 1928. It shared the award with "A House is Built" by M. Barnard Eldershaw.
It was first serialised in The Bulletin magazine in 15 weekly instalments from 5 September 1928.
Plot.
The novel relates the story of an Aboriginal woman who was prepared since her childhood to be Wytaliba station's housekeeper, but fall in love and have a romance with his owner Hugh Watt a white man.
External links.
Banned books in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="20699745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699745" title="List of Young England women ODI cricketers">
List of Young England women ODI cricketers

This is a list of Young England women One Day International (ODI) cricketers.

</doc>
<doc id="20699746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699746" title="Aaron Hulme">
Aaron Hulme

Aaron Hulme (April 1886 – November 1933) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Manchester. He played for Manchester United, Newton Heath Athletic, Colne, Oldham Athletic, and Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20699765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699765" title="Victoria Fountain">
Victoria Fountain

Victoria Fountain may refer to:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20699772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699772" title="John McGillivray (footballer)">
John McGillivray (footballer)

John McGillivray (April 1886 – "unknown") was an English footballer who played in the played in the Football League for Manchester United. He also played for Southport Central, Stoke and Dartford.
Career.
McGillivray was born in Broughton, Lancashire and began his career with Manchester United. He spent two seasons at Old Trafford playing in four matches in 1907–08 and 1908–09 before he was released. He joined Southport Central and then played 25 times for Southern League side Stoke in 1911–12. He later played for Dartford.

</doc>
<doc id="20699774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699774" title="Lhuna">
Lhuna

"Lhuna" is a charity single performed by the British band Coldplay and Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue.
Release.
It was recorded during the sessions of "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends", but never made on the final cut. When asked why the song did not appear on the album, Chris Martin said that it was too "sexy". Afterwards, the song was expected to appear on the "Prospekt's March" EP, but did not make it. Finally, it was released as a charity single on 1 December 2008 to promote World AIDS Day.
Format and track listing.
This is the format and track listing of major single release of "Lhuna".

</doc>
<doc id="20699786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699786" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bradford County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bradford County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bradford County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Bradford County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 13 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.

</doc>
<doc id="20699798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699798" title="Ernest Thomson">
Ernest Thomson

Ernest Thomson (born 1884 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He played for Manchester United, Darwen, and Nelson.

</doc>
<doc id="20699814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699814" title="History of coal mining in the United States">
History of coal mining in the United States

Anthracite (or "hard" coal) exploitation began before the War of 1812 spurred by the interest and opportunism of the Wurt brothers of Philadelphia. Burning clean and smokeless, anthracite became the preferred fuel in cities, replacing wood by about 1850, the same pattern seen in Europe. The East became deforested, driving up price of fuel wood. Anthracite from the Northeastern Pennsylvania Coal Region and later from West Virginia was valued for household use because it burns cleanly with little ash. It was also used in the early foundries of Philadelphia, New York, Newark and Allentown. The rich Pennsylvania anthracite fields were close to the big eastern cities, and nearly every major railroad in the Eastern United States such as the Reading Railroad, Lehigh & Erie, Central Railroad of New Jersey, Pennsylvania Railroad and Delaware and Hudson Railroad, extended lines into the anthracite fields. Many railroads began as mining company shortline railroads. By 1840, annual hard coal output had passed the million-short ton mark, and then quadrupled by 1850, and as it grew it pushed railroad construction, mining and steel production in a synergistic symbiosis.
Bituminous coal (or "soft coal") mining came later. In the mid-century Pittsburgh was the principal market. After 1850 soft coal, which is cheaper but dirtier, came into demand for railway locomotives and stationary steam engines, and was used to make coke for steel after 1870.
Total coal output soared until 1918; before 1890, it doubled every ten years, going from 8.4 million short tons in 1850 to 40 million in 1870, 270 million in 1900, and peaking at 680 million short tons in 1918. New soft coal fields opened in Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, as well as West Virginia, Kentucky and Alabama. The Great Depression of the 1930s lowered the demand to 360 million short tons in 1932.
Mining history by state.
Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania began the coal industry in the United States when 
West Virginia.
In 1883, thousands of European immigrants and a large number of African Americans migrated to southern West Virginia to work in coal mines. These coal miners worked in company mines with company tools and equipment, which they were required to lease. Along with these expenses, the miners were deducted pay for housing rent and items they purchased from company stores. Furthermore, the coal companies went as far as creating their own monetary system so the miners could only shop at company owned stores.
In addition with the poor economic condition, safety in the mines was a great concern. West Virginia fell behind other states in regulating mining conditions. Between 1890 and 1912, West Virginia had a higher mine death rate than any other state. In fact, West Virginia is the site of the worst coal mining disaster to date, the Monongah Mining disaster of Monongah, West Virginia 6 December 1907. This explosion was caused by the ignition of methane gas (also called "firedamp"), which in turn ignited the coal dust. The lives of 362 men were lost in the underground explosion. As a result, this disaster impelled the United States Congress to create the Bureau of Mines.
United Mine Workers union.
Since it was founded in 1890, the United Mine Workers (UMW) labor union has played a key role in United States coal mining. Strikes were very common, the rhetoric employed about exploitation was effective in mobilizing strikers. Detailed analysis of historical data by Fishback (1992) shows that mining wages were as high, if not higher, than those in manufacturing industry; that the prices in company stores were rarely higher than those in independent stores; and that miners who were dissatisfied with working conditions in a particular mining camp could either "vote with their feet" by migrating elsewhere or use the "voice" of collective union action to resist the threatened abuse. Some notable labor strikes and events include:
Under John L. Lewis, the United Mine Workers became the dominant force in the coal fields in the 1930s and 1940s, producing high wages and benefits.
UMW membership among active miners fell from 160,000 in 1980 to only 16,000 in 2005, as coal mining became more mechanized and non-union miners predominated in the new coal fields in the western states.
Mechanization.
Irish mining engineer Richard Sutcliffe invented the first conveyor belt for use in the coal mines of Yorkshire in the early 1900s. Within the first forty years of the 20th century, more than sixty percent of US coal was loaded mechanically rather than by man power. The history of the industry is the history of increasing mechanization. As mechanization continued, fewer miners were needed, and some miners reacted with violence. One of the first machines to arrive at West Virginia’s Kanawha field had to be escorted by armed guards. The same machine introduced at a mine in Illinois was operated at a slow speed because the superintendent feared labor troubles.
Despite resistance, mechanization replaced more and more laborers. By 1940, over 2/3 of coal loaded in the large West Virginia fields was done by machine. With the increase of mechanization came much higher wages for those still employed, but hard times for the former miners because there were very few other jobs in or near the camps. Most moved to the cities to find work, or back to the hills where they started.
In 1914 at the peak there were 180,000 anthracite miners; by 1970 only 6,000 remained. At the same time steam engines were phased out in railways and factories, and bituminous was used primarily for the generation of electricity. Employment in bituminous peaked at 705,000 men in 1923, falling to 140,000 by 1970 and 70,000 in 2003. 
During World War II, the Solid Fuels Administration for War operated government-seized coal mines, either directly or through cooperation with successive Coal Mines Administrations.
In the 1960s a series of mergers saw coal production shift from small, independent coal companies to large, more diversified firms. Several oil companies and electricity producers acquired coal companies or leased Federal coal reserves in the west of the United States. Concerns that competition in the coal industry could decline as a result of these changes were heightened by a sharp rise in coal prices in the wake of the 1973 oil crisis. Coal prices fell in the 1980s, partly in response to oil price decline, but primarily in response to the large increase in supply worldwide which was brought about by the earlier price surge. During this period, the industry in the U.S. moved to low-sulfur coal.
In 1987 Wyoming became the largest coal producing state. It uses strip mining exclusively. Wyoming's coal reserves total about 69.3 billion tons, or 14.2% of the U.S. coal reserve.
In 2008, competition was intense in the US coal mining industry with some U.S. mines approaching the end of their useful life (mine closure). Other coal-producing countries also stepped up production to win a share of traditional US export markets. Coal is used primarily to generate electricity, but the rapid drop in natural gas prices after 2010 created severe competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20699816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699816" title="Guy Johnson (businessman)">
Guy Johnson (businessman)

Guy Johnson is an English businessman, the former third business partner in Carphone Warehouse. Described by one City analyst as "the Ringo Starr of Carphone Warehouse" for being in the right place at the right time, His is estimated to have a fortune of £156million, ranking him 546 in the Sunday Times Rich List of 2008.
After the business was founded by Charles Dunstone with £6,000 savings, he asked Chartered Accountant David Ross to join him as the second partner. Johnson, a former customer of Dunstone's at NEC UK, became the third partner when he joined the fledgling business, taking up the role of Logistics and Distribution director. When Ross lead the IPO of Carphone Warehouse in 2000, it had been so successful that the partners had not needed to borrow or involve outsiders: Dunstone owned half, Ross a third, and Johnson most of the rest. 
However, only Johnson of the three partners had a family, and having according to media reports becoming less enamoured by the Ross lead European expansion of the organisation, sold the majority of his stake in 2001 and retired with his young family to his holiday home in Portugal. He now lives with his family in Kent.
Johnson is the grandson of the late Brigadier Michael J. Sheehan, OBE CBE

</doc>
<doc id="20699817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699817" title="Grameen America">
Grameen America

Grameen America is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit microfinance organization based in New York. It was founded by Nobel Peace Prize recipient Muhammad Yunus in 2008. Grameen America provides loans, savings programs, financial education, and credit establishment to women who live in poverty in the United States. All loans must be used to build small businesses.
Services.
Grameen America offers four key products.
Lending process.
The requirements to receive a loan: Individual must be living below the poverty line, located in a community with a Grameen America branch and willing to create or join a five member group of like-minded individuals who want to start or expand their own businesses. No credit score, collateral, guarantors, or bank account is required.
Grameen America uses a peer-group lending model pioneered by Professor Yunus and the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh. Once a peer group of five lendees is formed, they go through a financial training program and each open savings accounts. Upon completion of the training program, each member receives their loan. Grameen America staff holds mandatory weekly group meetings during which members repay loans, deposit savings and receive peer support and mentoring. Upon successful repayment, members may apply for another loan. The success of the Grameen Bank microfinance model in Bangladesh demonstrates that a high-touch model based on small weekly payments can yield exceptional repayment rates.
Purpose of loans.
Grameen America requires all loans to be used to start or expand income-generating businesses. Common businesses include food carts, flower stands, tailoring, jewelry and crafts and salon services.
Locations.
Grameen America's first branch, located in Jackson Heights, NY, opened in January 2008. As of the end of 2012, Grameen America operates in Queens, Brooklyn, Bronx and Manhattan, NY, as well as in Omaha, NE Indianapolis, IN, Charlotte, NC, San Francisco Bay Area, CA and Los Angeles, CA.
History.
Grameen America was founded upon the belief that Grameen Bank's microfinance lending system could work in urban America as well as it had in Bangeldesh. Professor Yunus believed that for the world to acknowledge the power of microfinance, it must work in the capital of international finance, New York City, where there exists a huge population of people who do not have access to banks and mainstream financial institutions. Grameen America opened its doors in January 2008 during the largest financial crisis of the modern era.
Statistics.
As of Q2 2013, Grameen America had disbursed over $90 million in micro-loans to more than 17,000 women living below the US poverty line.
Management.
Board of Directors:
Development Team:
Credit Operations:
Affiliation.
Grameen America is a Grameen replication project. Grameen America is not affiliated with Grameen Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20699820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699820" title="John Turner (1890s footballer)">
John Turner (1890s footballer)

John Turner (born "unknown" - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He played for Manchester United and Gravesend United.

</doc>
<doc id="20699838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699838" title="Herapath">
Herapath

Herapath is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20699844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699844" title="An Old Time Christmas">
An Old Time Christmas

An Old Time Christmas is an album of Christmas music by country music artist Randy Travis. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="20699847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699847" title="List of 1997 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom">
List of 1997 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20699853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699853" title="Colin Waldron">
Colin Waldron

Colin Waldron (born 22 June 1948 in Bristol) was an English football defender. He spent thirteen seasons in the Football League and two in the North American Soccer League.
Waldron spent his youth in Oldham, Lancashire, beginning his career with nearby Bury, making 20 appearances. He then joined Chelsea before the 1967-68 season. Nine games into the season, Burnley purchased his contract for £30,000. He made his Burnley debut on 28 October 1967. He quickly became a fixture at centre back and was named captain in his second season with the club. He ultimately played nine years and 308 games for Burnley before club turmoil in 1976 led the team to release the manager Jimmy Adamson and several players including Waldron. He then moved to Manchester United, for whom he made just three appearances before the Adamson-managed Sunderland purchased his contract. After two years with Sunderland, Waldron moved to the United States to play for the Tulsa Roughnecks. After spells with the Philadelphia Fury and Atlanta Chiefs, he moved back to England to play for Rochdale.

</doc>
<doc id="20699854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699854" title="Chet Allen (actor)">
Chet Allen (actor)

Chet Allen (born August 17, 1928) is an American actor.
Life and career.
Allen was born in Chickasha, the seat of Grady County, Oklahoma. 
Allen was known for his supporting role as the 31-year-old "Slats" in the 1959-1960 NBC adventure/drama television series "The Troubleshooters" with costars Keenan Wynn (1916–1986) and Bob Mathias (1930–2006). The half-hour, black-and-white program was about unusual events, usually of a rescue nature, regarding an international construction company. Forrest Compton and the stunt actor Carey Loftin (1914–1997) also appeared in the 26-week series.
He was an art director for the films "The Delinquents" (1957), "The Magic Bond" (1956), and "Honeymoon for Harriet" (1950). In 1964, Allen, at thirty-six, made his last acting appearance as a hoodlum in the film, "Robin and the Seven Hoods". In 1987, he was production designer for the USA network film, "P.K. and the Kid", starring Molly Ringwald in the role of P.K. Bayette. The picture was filmed around Glenwood Springs, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20699868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699868" title="Iain Evans (field hockey)">
Iain Evans (field hockey)

Iain Evans (born May 29, 1981 in Johannesburg, Gauteng) is a male field hockey player from South Africa, who was a member of the national squad that finished tenth at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="20699879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699879" title="Frank Williams (footballer)">
Frank Williams (footballer)

Frank H. Williams (born 1908 - "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Bristol. He played for Manchester United, Stalybridge Celtic, and Altrincham.

</doc>
<doc id="20699887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699887" title="Hierankl">
Hierankl

Hierankl is a German award-winning family drama which premiered on 1 July 2003 at the Munich Film Festival. The modern "Heimatfilm", named after a district in Surberg, Germany, is the film debut of writer and director Hans Steinbichler.
It received several nominations and awards, among them the 2006 Adolf Grimme Award for acting, cinematography, wrinting and direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20699892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699892" title="Joyride (Stanley Turrentine album)">
Joyride (Stanley Turrentine album)

Joyride is a 1965 studio album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine. This is also Turrentine's thirteenth album overall.
Personnel.
Orchestra

</doc>
<doc id="20699893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699893" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Butler County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Butler County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Butler County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 11 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. One site is further designated as a National Historic Landmark District.

</doc>
<doc id="20699904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699904" title="Energy policy of Morocco">
Energy policy of Morocco

Morocco's energy policy is set independently by two agencies the government, the Office of Hydrocarbons and Mining (ONHYM) which sets domestic oil policy and the Office National de l'Electricité (ONE) which sets policy with regard to electricity. The two major weaknesses of the energy policy of Morocco are the lack of coordination between these two agencies and the lack of development of domestic energy sources. Oil exploration has been disappointing, although the country possesses some natural gas reserves that have been exploited. Its hydroelectric potential is considerable and now being tapped. Morocco covers the bulk of its growing energy needs through imports, principally of crude petroleum, which is then refined domestically. Thermal power plants produce much of the country's electricity.
Oil and natural gas.
According to January 2006 estimates by the "Oil and Gas Journal", Morocco has proven oil reserves of and natural gas reserves of . Morocco may have additional hydrocarbon reserves, as many of the country's sedimentary basins have not yet been fully explored.
The Moroccan Office of Hydrocarbons and Mining (ONHYM) has become optimistic about finding additional reserves – particularly offshore – following discoveries in neighboring Mauritania. At the end of 2005, 19 foreign companies were operating in Morocco, with an estimated total investment of $56 million per year. In May 2004, China Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) received a license to drill near Agadir. In April 2004, Norway's Norsk Hydro signed a 12-month exploration contract for the Safi Offshore Northwest zone, while Denmark's Maersk signed an eight-year agreement for eight blocks near Tarfaya. In March 2004, Calgary-based Stratic Energy committed to a three-year exploration program in two onshore blocks in northwest Morocco. The two concessions cover approximately . Other foreign firms engaged in exploration include Petronas, Cooper Energy NL, Shell, Total, and Tullow Oil.
Morocco produces small volumes of oil and natural gas from the Essaouira Basin and small amounts of natural gas from the Gharb Basin. Consequently, Morocco is the largest energy importer in northern Africa. Costs have been rising rapidly. High oil prices in 2005 increased import costs to approximately $2 billion for the year. In 2008, total costs related to energy imports reached $8 billion. In 2003, the Moroccan government announced that foreign companies could import oil without paying import tariffs. This followed a 2000 decision, in which, Morocco modified its hydrocarbons law in order to offer a 10-year tax break to offshore oil production firms, and to reduce the government's stake in future oil concessions to a maximum of 25 percent. The entire energy sector was due to be liberalized by 2007.
Recent activity in Western Sahara, which is believed to contain viable hydrocarbon reserves, has been controversial. In 2001, Morocco granted exploration contracts to Total and Kerr-McGee, angering Premier Oil and Sterling Energy, which previously had obtained licenses from the Polisario government. In 2005, the government-in-exile of the Western Sahara invited foreign companies to bid on 12 contracts for offshore exploration, with hopes of awarding production sharing contracts by the end of 2005. Both Premier Oil and Sterling Energy received conditional exploration rights. Foreign companies operating under Moroccan concession in Western Sahara have become targets of international protest campaigns. These companies include Total, Wessex Exploration, Svitzer (the British subsidiary of the Dutch company Fugro), Wales' Robertson Research International and Norway's TGS Nopec. All have ended their operations in Western Sahara, with the exception of Kerr-McGee. As of November 2005, the company was the last to be drilling in Western Sahara, although the Polisario government has pressured it to pull out.
Morocco is a transit center for Algerian gas exports to Spain and Portugal. These are transported across the Strait of Gibraltar via the 300–350 Bcf/year Maghreb-Europe Gas (MEG) pipeline. Natural gas from the MEG pipeline will be used to power Morocco's power project in Al Wahda.
Refining.
Morocco has two refineries that are owned by Saudi-company Corral Holdings Societe Marocaine d’Industrie de Raffinage (Samir). The refineries are located at Mohammedia and Sidi Kacem and have a combined capacity of . In 2004, the Mohammedia plant returned to near full-capacity output levels, following the completion of repairs needed after a severe flood and massive fire in November 2002. Because of the completed repairs, refinery output surged 49 percent in 2004. The Mohammedia plant currently produces 80 – 90 percent of the country's refined petroleum products. In June 2005, Samir awarded a $628 million contract to modernize the Mohammedia refinery to a consortium led by Italy's Snamprogetti SpA and Turkey's Tekefen Company. Morocco hopes the refinery upgrade will prepare the refinery for competing with foreign producers when the market is liberalized in 2009. The upgrade is expected to be complete in 2008.
Oil shale.
Ten known oil shale deposits in Morocco account more than of shale oil. Although Moroccan oil shale is studied since the 1930s, and there have been several pilot facilities for shale oil production, there is no commercial shale oil production yet. The most important deposits are Timahdit (Middle Atlas Mountains) and Tarfaya (south-westernmost part of Morocco).
Electricity.
Morocco's electrical sector traditionally has been controlled by the state-owned Office National de l'Electricité (ONE), which the government reorganized in 1995 in order to regain profitability. Due to a growing population and economic development, Morocco's electricity demand is increasing rapidly. Power shortages and a desire to control public spending have led the Moroccan government to make more use of the private sector to meet the country's power needs. The state's share of electricity generation likely will decline to 40 percent by 2020. However, ONE will continue to be solely responsible for distribution and transmission of electricity in Morocco.
In 2003, Morocco had an installed generating capacity of 4.8 gigawatts (GW). The country's two largest electricity power stations at Mohammedia and Jorf Lasfar are both coal fired. Most of the coal is imported from South Africa, although Morocco purchased Polish coal for the Jorf Lasfar power plant in April 2005. Morocco produces a small and declining amount of coal from a mine at Jerada. Jorf Lasfar became Morocco's first privately operated power station in 1997, when it was taken over by a U.S.-Swiss consortium. The consortium expanded the plant’s capacity to 1,400 MW in 2001.
The expansion at Jorf Lasfar is consistent with a wider campaign to increase generating capacity in Morocco. In 2005, as part of the Moroccan government's plan, a $500 million, 350 – 400-MW combined-cycle power plant began operation in Tahaddart. The plant is owned by ONE (48%), Endesa (32%) and Siemens (20%). In addition to the Tahaddart plant, ONE awarded Endesa the development rights of a two-unit, 800-MW gas-fired power station in the Sidi Kacem Province, with a completion date set for 2008 not completed in 2010. ONE is also considering another pumped storage plant in the Azilal region south of Rabat.
Renewable energy.
Renewable energy plays a key role in ONE's $3.4 billion energy development plan, announced in January 2004. The goal is to provide 80 percent of rural areas with electricity by 2008, while increasing the share of renewable energy from 0.24 percent in 2003 to 10 percent in 2011. The plan calls for two new wind projects, as well as a 200 – 250-MW thermo-solar facility in d’Ain Beni Mathar, of which 30 MW will be generated from solar power. One of the wind power facilities (60 MW) will be located in Essaouira, while the other (140 MW) will be located near Tangiers. The Essaouira facility is scheduled to come on-line in 2007.
In November 2009 Morocco announced a solar energy project worth $9 billion which officials said will account for 38 percent of the North African country's installed power generation by 2020. Funding would be from a mix of private and state capital. The ceremony was attended by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Moroccan king. The project will involve five solar power generation sites across Morocco and will produce 2,000 megawatts of electricity by 2020.
The project would add in terms of power generation the equivalent of the current electricity consumption of the country's commercial capital Casablanca.Germany has expressed its willingness to participate in the development of Morocco's solar energy project which the country has decided to carry out. Germany will also take part in the development of a water-desalination plant.
Morocco has additional renewable resources that could be developed, which the countries four perennial rivers and many dams with hydroelectric potential. In May 2005, ONE selected Temsol for a $27.6 million project to supply solar power to 37,000 rural homes by 2007. Similar contracts were awarded in May 2002 to a consortium led by Total Energie and in January 2004 to Apex-BP. Currently, only 55 percent of outlying villages have access to electricity.
Nuclear energy.
Morocco has expressed interest in nuclear power for desalination and other purposes. In September 2001, the government signed an agreement with the United States establishing the legal basis for constructing a 2-MW research reactor. Morocco signed an agreement with the U.S. company, General Atomics, to construct the research reactor east of Rabat.
Regional integration.
Morocco is gradually integrating its electrical grid with those of its neighbors in Africa and Europe. Maghreb integration has been spearheaded by the Maghreb Electricity Committee, with physical integration initiatives that began in the 1990s. In May 2003, Moroccan representatives met with the Energy ministers from other European and Mediterranean countries to discuss the feasibility of electricity market integration. Tunisia, Algeria, and Morocco acknowledged that they would like to eventually link their electricity systems to the E.U.’s single energy market. In December 2005, Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia and the European Union signed a funding agreement that will pay for costs related to studying the electricity market within the three countries and how they might integrate into the European electricity market.

</doc>
<doc id="20699915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699915" title="Relcovaptan">
Relcovaptan

Relcovaptan (SR-49059) is a non-peptide vasopressin receptor antagonist, selective for the V1a subtype. It has shown positive initial results in tests against Raynaud's disease, dysmenorrhoea, and tocolysis, although it is not yet approved for clinical use.

</doc>
<doc id="20699920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699920" title="Suong, Cambodia">
Suong, Cambodia

Suong is a city in Cambodia, located in Tbong Khmum Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20699990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699990" title="Franco Udella">
Franco Udella

Franco Udella (born 1947-02-25 in Cagliari) is an Italian former world boxing champion.
Amateur career.
Olympic games results.
1968 (as a Light flyweight)
1972 (as a flyweight)
Pro career.
Udella turned pro in 1972 and won the newly created WBC light flyweight title in 1975 with a disqualification win over Valentin Martinez in the 12th round. Udella was then stripped of the title in August 1975, for failing to defend against Rafael Lovera, who had never fought a professional fight. The following year he challenged WBC light flyweight title holder Luis Estaba, but lost by KO in the 3rd round. He never challenged for a major title again. He retired in 1979 after a loss to Charlie Magri for the EBU (European) flyweight title.

</doc>
<doc id="20699998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699998" title="Sawbwa barb">
Sawbwa barb

The Sawbwa barb (Sawbwa resplendens) is a species of cyprinid fish, of the monotypic genus Sawbwa. The species is endemic to Inle Lake in Myanmar.
It grows to a maximum total length of about 35 mm. Mature males are iridescent silvery-blue with red snout and red lobes to the caudal fin; females and immature males are grayish with a black pigmentation spot by the anus. The Sawbwa barb completely lacks scales. It is an active, peaceful, schooling, plankton-eater.

</doc>
<doc id="20699999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20699999" title="Lofting (bowling)">
Lofting (bowling)

Lofting (by a bowler) in bowling is throwing a bowling ball more than a short distance down the lane. This is usually done with the bounce pass technique, but can also be done with a straight ball. Lofting is looked down upon by the bowling community and bowling alley employees because of the damage to the ball and lanes. Many bowling alleys that use wood for their lanes will either have signs that tell the bowlers not to loft, or an employee will tell the bowlers not to do so. Lofting the ball before the arrows in some bowling alleys is not against the rules. Some professional bowlers do loft a considerable amount under certain lane conditions. Crankers and other high-rev players may be forced to loft under dry conditions in order to delay the ball's reaction and prevent it from overhooking. Lofting over the gutter is known as "popping the cap" and is done when a bowler hooks the whole lane.
In the sport of candlepin bowling, "lofting" a ball beyond a line situated ten feet (3.05 m) down the lane from the main foul line is called a lob, and is considered a ball foul, resulting in no counted pinfall from a ball delivered in such a manner, as the ball must first touch the lanebed on the bowler's side of the lob line to be considered a legal delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="20700018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700018" title="Padded mailer">
Padded mailer

Padded mailers are padded envelopes used for packaging products for shipment.
Construction.
Exterior.
The exterior envelope can be made of a heavy paper, paperboard, corrugated fiberboard. or plastic film.
Padding.
The padding material can be recycled newsprint, foam, bubble wrap, or other cushioning materials.
Closure.
Many mailers have an integral flap that has a pressure-sensitive adhesive, a gummed (water-activated) adhesive, or tape to allow easy and secure closure.

</doc>
<doc id="20700020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700020" title="Zane Grey Museum">
Zane Grey Museum

The Zane Grey Museum in Lackawaxen Township, Pennsylvania, United States, is a former residence of the author Zane Grey and is now maintained as a museum and operated by the National Park Service (NPS). It is located on the upper Delaware River and is on the National Register of Historic Places. It contains many photographs, artworks, books, furnishings, and other objects of interest associated with Grey and his family. 
The house was built in two sections, both from designs by Grey. The first was in 1905 by Zane Grey's brother, Romer Carl "Reddy" Grey; the second seven years later by a neighbor, to serve as a writing studio and library after the success of "Riders of the Purple Sage". Grey and his wife moved to California so he could work on screenplays in 1918, but Lackawaxen and the house remained one of his favorite places for the rest of his life. It was added to the Register in 1983.
Building.
The house is along Scenic Drive, a short road along the Delaware River north of Roebling's Delaware Aqueduct, an early suspension bridge which still carries vehicle and foot traffic across the river between Pennsylvania and New York. Along the riverfront to the north, it is to the Delaware's confluence with the Lackawaxen River, the largest tributary of the Upper Delaware in Pennsylvania, resulting in slightly choppier water in front of the house. The grassy, maintained ground slopes gently from Pennsylvania Route 590 to the west toward the river, giving the house's east (front) a view across to undeveloped woods on the New York side in Minisink Ford.
In front of the house, the slope exposes the northern corner more than the southern one. There is a small unpaved parking lot, sign for the museum and state historical marker as well. The house is to the north of a cluster of other buildings in the neighborhood, most notably the former D&H Canal Co. Office, now a bed and breakfast.
The two-story clapboard-sided frame structure rises from an exposed bluestone foundation. It is three bays long by six wide, in an L-shaped plan. The older, east-west–oriented block of the house has a square hipped roof with two large pedimented dormer windows with dentilled lintels on the east and south sides, with a smaller jerkin-roofed dormer complementing the eastern one. The newer wing designed by Grey and built by his brother has a rectangular hipped roof of gentler pitch with three small jerkined dormers. Both roofs are surfaced with diamond-shaped shingles of white asbestos cement and pierced by a single brick chimney per wing.
A single wraparound porch with flat roof, balustrade and bracketed columns runs the length of the south and east elevations, combining two previously separate porches, one of which had lost its original roof in the floods of 1955. White wooden posts mark the house's corners, and the second-story windows have awnings.
Inside, the floor plans reflect the two sections' separate construction. The earlier one has a square plan, the later one a rectangular. Many original finishes and decorations remain. Opposite the original front door at the southeast corner is a brick fireplace trimmed with unglazed terra cotta, including egg-and-dart molding. A T-plan staircase has its original decorative balustrade and newel posts.
The northeast door is the main entrance to the newer wing. It opens onto a living space that runs the length and half the wodth of the addition. Opposite the door is its fireplace, likewise of brick and topped with a beveled mirror to a height of . Behind it the library includes many original trim, particularly a deep painted frieze depicting kachina dolls, reflecting Grey's interests in the Southwest. These rooms, and Grey's upstairs studio, house most of the museum exhibits and visitor interest today.
History.
A native of Zanesville, Ohio, Grey had established a dental practice in New York City in 1896 but soon grew dissatisfied with the field. He dabbled in semi-professional baseball and wrote his first stories and novels. They were not successful, but by 1905 he had decided to leave dentistry for writing. They had begun the process of building the first part of the house, the southern wing, after seeing the site on a fishing trip that year, and later they moved their families into it.
Grey continued to write westerns, and took two extended research trips to the Southwest over the next several years. He worked, at the time, in a bungalow near the house that is no longer extant. These resulted in "Heritage of the Desert" in 1911 and "Riders of the Purple Sage" the following year, his bestselling novel. With the proceeds from the latter work, he designed the study wing. It was built by a neighbor, Gottlieb Kuhn, in 1912.
He continued writing novels there for six more years until the nascent film industry beckoned. He and his wife moved to Altadena, California, where they eventually purchased an estate as he became even more commercially successful as a film producer as well. He remained in California until his 1939 death, but retained the Lackawaxen house for visits east. Both he and his wife are buried in Union Cemetery, not far from the house.
In 1945, Grey's widow sold the house to a friend, who operated it as an inn for 25 years. During that time, in 1955, the building suffered some serious flood damage, tearing off the roof of the first front porch. In 1973, they converted it into the museum, which they sold to the Park Service in 1989.
Floods in the summer of 2006 left of water in the basement. The Park Service was able to get the collection to safety, but it was necessary to thoroughly dehumidify the space before reopening the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20700023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700023" title="Diego Bortolozzo">
Diego Bortolozzo

Diego Bortolozzo (born 19 September 1982) is a Brazillian footballer, who plays in midfield for SV Lippstadt 08.
Career.
He previously played for Estrela do Norte in Brazil, Treviso F.B.C. 1993 in Italy, R. Francs Borains and Union Saint-Gilloise in Belgium and CS Pétange in Luxembourg. He also had a spell at Tottenham Hotspur of the English Premier League, after being signed on a free transfer by manager Glenn Hoddle, but failed to break into the first team. He holds an Italian passport, enabling him to play in the European Union without a work permit.

</doc>
<doc id="20700027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700027" title="North Face (film)">
North Face (film)

North Face () is a 2008 German historical fiction film directed by Philipp Stölzl and starring Benno Fürmann, Florian Lukas, Johanna Wokalek, and Ulrich Tukur. Based on a famous 1936 attempt to climb the Eiger north face, the film is about two German climbers involved in a competition to climb the most dangerous rock face in the Alps. 
Plot.
The movie portrays an attempt in 1936 to summit the Eiger via the north face by two competing climbing teams. The more prominently featured pair of German climbers are Toni Kurz (Fürmann) and Andi Hinterstoisser (Lukas) from Berchtesgaden. After being refused leave from the German army (falsely claiming one of them is getting married and the other is to be Best Man), they quit their service in order to make the attempt. They are portrayed as being more interested in mountaineering than in the current politics of the time. The competing team of Austrians that eventually teams up with the German team are portrayed as hoping for a Nazi-led incorporation of Austria into Germany. Watching their summit attempt is their childhood friend Luise (Wokalek), now working for a German newspaper, who is accompanied by her cynical superior Mr. Arau (Tukur).
Reception.
After a successful theatrical run in Germany, Switzerland, and Austria, the film was released in several non-German speaking countries including the United States, United Kingdom, Italy, and Japan from 2009-2010, receiving favorable reviews throughout.

</doc>
<doc id="20700044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700044" title="Northwest Hounded Police">
Northwest Hounded Police

Northwest Hounded Police is a cartoon starring a prototypical Droopy and Tex Avery's wolf. This cartoon (a remake of Droopy's first cartoon "Dumb-Hounded" and adopting elements from the Bugs Bunny cartoon "Tortoise Beats Hare") revoles the wolf (an escaped convict) on the run from Droopy, who is trailing the wolf in order to capture him. The title is a play on words on "North West Mounted Police", a 1940 film.
Production.
Jeff Lenburg notes that one of the animators of the film was Preston Blair, who produced some of his best work while working under Tex Avery. Including this film. He cites as other examples "Red Hot Riding Hood" (1943), "Screwball Squirrel" (1944), "Batty Baseball" (1944), "The Shooting of Dan McGoo" (1945), "Lonesome Lenny" (1946), and "Red Hot Rangers" (1947). His work under Avery ended in 1948, when Fred Quimby promoted Blair to a director in his own right. He and co-director Michael Lah worked on three films for the Barney Bear series, before Quimby decided to discontinue their production unit. In reaction, Blair left the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio and started working for Terrytoons.
Plot.
The film opens with a view of "Alka-Fizz Prison", clearly based on the Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary. A prison sign informs viewers that "No Noose is Good Noose", a pun involving the phrase "no news is good news" and the use of the noose in executions by hanging. The Wolf is depicted as a prisoner in his prison cell. He uses a pencil to draw a "crude door on the wall outside his cell", then opens that door and escapes. Making his way from the United States to Canada.
The scene shifts to the police headquarters of Mounty County, where a sign explains that "We Aim to Police". The chief of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police addresses a gathering of Mounties, seeking a volunteer who is willing to hunt the escaped convict. Sgt. McPoodle (Droopy) is effectively volunteered, when all other Mounties stand back. Somewhere in the Yukon, the Wolf is running through the snow. He stops to read a series of Burma-Shave-style signs which contain a warning message for him: ""Don't Look Now/ Use Your Noodle/ You're Being Followed/ by Sgt. McPoodle"". He turns around, and the camera shifts left to reveal that McPoodle is indeed approaching his target. This sets the pace for most of the short, where the shifting perspective of the camera exposes the presence of Droopy in yet another location. He remains unnoticed and effectively invisible until that reveal.
The Wolf attempts to hide in a seemingly vacant cabin in the woods. He shuts the front door and seven more on top of it. He feels secure behind these eight doors, but then the camera shifts to reveal the presence of McPoodle within the cabin. The Mounty occupies a chair by the fireplace, calmly reading a comic strip. The Wolf reacts by re-opening all eight doors, only to find McPoodle waiting behind them. The Wolf manages to flee through the back door, though he finds McPoodle also standing behind that door.
The Wolf climbs the highest mountain of the area and finds refuge in its summit, within a bird nest. Only a single egg shares the nest with him. The egg then cracks and McPoodle emerges from its interior. The Wolf immediately dives towards a lake in the vicinity the mountain. He feels momentarily safe underwater, until he notices McPoodle among the schooling fish. Following several failed attempts to escape the pursuit, the Wolf ends up in a tiny atoll of the Pacific Ocean. There are only two rocks on its surface. The Wolf breaks the fourth wall to speak to the movie audience, explaining that he has caught on to the pattern of McPoodle's appearances. He fully expects the Mounty to emerge from under the larger rock. At this point McPoodle surprises him by appearing from under the smaller rock instead.
The Wolf proceeds to swim his way towards New York City. He runs in the streets of the City, and an accidental turn causes him to nearly fall off the edge of the film. He saves himself and then seeks refuge in a movie theater, hiding among the audience. The film screened is a product of the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio, and McPoodle greets him from the screen. Causing the Wold to again flee. The Wolf next seeks the services of a plastic surgeon and requests a new face. First he finds him new face to be a replica of McPoodle's and asks to surgeon to restore his original face. Then he thanks the surgeon for doing so, only to notice that the man's face has also changed. Now looking like McPoodle.
An increasingly-desperate Wolf next attempts to commit suicide, by feeding himself to a lion. Alive in the "belly of the beast", he finds himself sharing the space with McPoodle. His next attempt to escape is his final one, as he ends up back in a prison cell. He then speaks to the audience again. He realizes that McPoodle got him, but now he has some time to recall the events of the pursuit. He wonders whether ""there coulda been more than one of them little guys"". At this point the camera shifts to the corridor outside his cell where hundreds of McPoodle look-alikes have gathered. They answer his question with one of their own, ""What do you think, brother?""
Analysis.
The main humor of the film derives from Droopy inexplicably appearing wherever the Wolf goes, granting the character omnipresence. This was only the fourth film to feature Droopy, but it is essentially a remake of the first of them, "Dumb-Hounded" (1943). Both films actually recycle the gag of the seemingly-omnipresent character from an even earlier film, "Tortoise Beats Hare" (1941). In that film, Cecil Turtle enlists his look-alike relatives in a plot against Bugs Bunny.
The warning signs hint at two of the main themes of the film. One is the thin line between visibility and invisibility, the other is the sense that the pursuit of the officer is both relentless and inescapable. Scott Curtis argues that the film can be seen as a very sad comment on the lives of the animators themselves. The Wolf finds a way to escape through the power of his drawing pencil, suggesting emancipation through an artist's talent and creativity. But that promise of freedom is soon revealed as an illusion. In Curtis' view Avery and his crew had found themselves in a similar trap, having to draw hundreds of drawing of Droopy for every one of his films, to the point the character became a dominating presence in their lives.
Derek Hayes and Chris Webster cite "Northwest Hounded Police" as an example of an animated film where the empathy of the audience is reserved for the nominal villain, the Wolf. Because the audience can relate to his human-like frustrations, while Droopy here serves the role of a "boring hero". They define this type of hero as one seemingly flawless and invulnerable, effectively having nothing in common with the audience. Making it unlikely for them to identify with the hero, or feel empathy for him/her. They also argue that Droopy himself was never given a developed personality in his films, leaving the role of the real protagonist to whatever character shares the screen with him.
Jean-Marc Limoges cites the scene set in the movie theater as an example of Avery using metalepsis in his films. The Wolf among the film audience is greeted by Droopy (McPoodle) from the movie screen. Not only allowing the presence of a film within a film, but allowing the two films to interact.
Reception.
In 1994, animation historian Jerry Beck published "The 50 Greatest Cartoons", selecting and ranking animated short films according to a poll of 1,000 people working in the animation industry. "Northwest Hounded Police" was ranked 28th in the list. The only shorts directed by Avery which were ranked higher were "Red Hot Riding Hood" (1943, ranked 7th), "King-Size Canary" (1947, ranked 10th), "Bad Luck Blackie" (1949, ranked 15th), and "Little Rural Riding Hood" (1949, ranked 23rd).
In 1999, the Cartoon Network published its own list of Greatest 50 Cartoons. "Northwest Hounded Police" was ranked 27th. The only animated shorts directed by Avery which were ranked higher were "I Love to Singa" (1936, ranked 8th), "King-Size Canary" (1947, ranked 13th), "Red Hot Riding Hood" (1943, ranked 14th), "Bad Luck Blackie" (1949, ranked 15th), "Ventriloquist Cat" (1950, ranked 19th), "Little Rural Riding Hood" (1949, ranked 22nd), and "A Wild Hare" (1940, ranked 24th).

</doc>
<doc id="20700053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700053" title="Polaris Partners">
Polaris Partners

Polaris Partners is a multi-generational venture capital firm investing in technology and healthcare companies across all stages.
Polaris is based in Waltham, Massachusetts with additional offices in San Francisco, California and Dublin, Ireland. A Boston Seaport office will be opening in the Spring of 2014. The firm has over $3 billion under management and current investments in more than 100 companies.
History.
Polaris Venture Partners was founded in 1995/1996 by Jon Flint, Terry McGuire, Steve Arnold, who were partners of Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. (BEDCO).
Polaris was the first of four successors to Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. (BEDCO), one of the earliest bi-coastal venture capital firms in the US, which dissolved in 1996. One of the contributing factors in the dissolution was the departure of three of the three founders of Polaris. The three founders, left BEDCO in 1995 and began raising their first independent venture capital fund.
Polaris is among a small number of top tier venture organizations. The firm has roughly $3.5 billion under management, and is now making investments through its sixth fund.
Organizational Structure.
Polaris’ leadership is structured as a partnership, employing four Venture Partners to lead the firm rather than a Chief Executive. The Venture Partners head a board of eleven General Partners, representing the firm’s managerial branch. The Principal position is an intermediary between the firm’s junior ranks and the administrative board, given to those seen as potential future Partners. The most junior analytics position at Polaris is the Associate, who after a few successful years may be promoted to Senior Associate. The Partners also lead the Operations group, which although not part of the direct structural chain, facilitates internal and external relations for the firm at each structural level.
The organizational structure employed at Polaris is an example of bureaucratic control, which institutionalizes hierarchical power with all company policy. Procedure, rules, and compensation are systematically embedded in the firm’s business model, creating an impersonal understanding of responsibility at each level of the company.

</doc>
<doc id="20700055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700055" title="Dovedale cheese">
Dovedale cheese

Dovedale, also marketed as Dovedale Blue, is a cheese from the Peak District of Great Britain. It takes its name from a part of the River Dove on the Derbyshire and Staffordshire border known as Dovedale.
Dovedale is a full-fat semi-soft blue-veined cheese made from cow's milk. It was formerly produced only in the Hartington Creamery in Derbyshire which closed in 2009. There are plans to restart production in Leek. It has a creamy texture and a relatively mild flavour for a blue cheese; unusually for British cheeses, it is brine-dipped instead of being dry-salted. It has been granted Protected Designation of Origin by the EU.
The Product Authentication Inspectorate Ltd has set a standard for Dovedale, referred to as PAI Specification AS06.

</doc>
<doc id="20700065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700065" title="Sid Bernstein">
Sid Bernstein

Sid Bernstein (August 12, 1918 – August 21, 2013) was an American music producer and promoter. Bernstein changed the American music scene in the 1960s by bringing The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Herman's Hermits, The Moody Blues, and The Kinks to America. He was the first impresario to organize rock concerts at sports stadiums.
Biography.
Sid Bernstein was born in New York City in 1918. During World War II, he served in France with the 602nd Anti-Aircraft Artillery Gun Battalion of the United States Army.
Impresario career.
Bernstein helped start the British Invasion by bringing The Beatles over to the United States from Britain.
In late December 1963, the unknown Beatles were introduced to the Tidewater area of Virginia. Almost every other song played by the area’s DJs were Beatle records, accompanied by giveaways of shirts, etc. The following month in very early January 1964, the same phenomenon occurred, as the Beatles were introduced to the New York City area complemented by all sorts of contests and gifts.
They played at Carnegie Hall after their appearance on "The Ed Sullivan Show". Bernstein also booked them at Shea Stadium, a concert that Bernstein described as "inaudible." During the Beatles Shea concert, Bernstein had the phrase "The Rascals are coming!" displayed on the Shea Stadium scoreboard. "I had met the Rascals in the summer of '65; I put their name up on the scoreboard (at Shea) - 'The Rascals are coming! The Rascals are coming!' A lot of people who hadn't seen pictures of them thought they were a black group. I sensed something big about them." 
He worked with the Rascals for five years, helping along their rise from obscurity, changing their name from "The Rascals" to "The Young Rascals" in an attempt to avoid controversy because of a similar named group.
Bernstein also organized concerts for Lenny Kravitz, Frank Sinatra, Jimi Hendrix, Laura Branigan, Melanie and Sly & the Family Stone. In 1964, he brought many Israeli singers to the United States for their first major concerts, among them Shoshana Damari, Shaike Ophir and Yaffa Yarkoni, who appeared at Carnegie Hall a year after the Beatles. He was the first to stage a rock show at Madison Square Garden.
Bernstein died on August 21, 2013 in Manhattan. He was 95. Bernstein is survived by his wife Geraldine Gale; and their sons Adam, Etienne, Beau and Dylan; daughters Casey Deutsch and Denise Bernstein; and six grandchildren.
Works.
Published works.
Bernstein wrote or coauthored several books:
Musical works.
At age 93, Bernstein released his first album as a singer. "Sid Bernstein Presents..." is a collection of some of his favorite songs, and was released on February 14, 2012 as a digital download. The album is available at the iTunes Store, CD Baby, and other online outlets. 
"Sid Bernstein Presents...".
Bernstein is also the subject of "Sid Bernstein Presents...", a documentary film that details his storied career and life. The film made its world premiere at the DocNZ film festival in Auckland, New Zealand in February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20700106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700106" title="The Big Hollow (Wyoming)">
The Big Hollow (Wyoming)

The Big Hollow is a wind eroded deflection basin located to the west of Laramie, Wyoming in the United States. It is the second largest wind eroded depression in the world. The Big Hollow is the largest deflation basin in North America. The Big Hollow is younger than the alluvial valley floors which now form its boundaries and is therefore of Late Pleistocene age (less than 250,000 years). During most of the Pleistocene the Big Hollow was actually a hill composed of soft sedimentary bedrock. The material making up this former hill was much more easily eroded than the alluvial valley floors which bounded it to both the north and south. Eventually, the hill was washed and blown away and then the wind continued to erode a deflation basin into the soft bedrock. Eventually the former hill became lower than the river channels which once flowed around it. The geologists call this "topographic reversal". The Qattara Depression near Cairo, Egypt is the largest. The Big Hollow is an undrained basin and is long, wide, and up to deep. Oil was discovered in 1917 and the basin has been productive since. The basin is listed on the National Natural Landmark list.

</doc>
<doc id="20700123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700123" title="Lupe Madera">
Lupe Madera

Lupe Madera (December 17, 1952 – December 3, 2005) was a Mexican professional boxer. He held the title of World Boxing Association (WBA) junior flyweight champion 1983–1984.
Career.
Lupe Madera was born in Sotuta, Yucatán, Mexico. He turned pro in 1972 and was considered a journeyman for most of his career. In 1982, he was granted a shot at WBA light flyweight title holder Katsuo Tokashiki, but lost a split decision. The following year they fought a rematch, and the fight was ruled a draw. Three months later, they fought again, with Madera winning a technical decision after four rounds and capturing the title. Three months later, they again fought, with Madera successfully defending by winning a decision. The following year he lost the belt to Francisco Quiroz by KO, and never fought again. 
Prior to becoming a world champion, Madera had served as sparring partner for notable Mexican boxers such as Miguel Canto, Guty Espadas, and Juan Herrera.

</doc>
<doc id="20700128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700128" title="Geoff Beattie">
Geoff Beattie

Mr. Beattie received a law degree from the University of Western Ontario and served as a partner in the Toronto law firm Torys LLP before joining The Woodbridge Company Limited, where he served as president from 1998 through December 2012. The Woodbridge Company Limited is a privately held investment holding company for the Thomson family of Canada and the majority shareholder of Thomson Reuters, where Mr. Beattie served as deputy chairman from 2000 through May 2013 and director from 1998 through May 2013. He has served as chief executive officer of Generation Capital since September 2013, and he has served as chairman of Relay Ventures since June 2013. He also serves as a member of the board of directors of Royal Bank of Canada (where he serves as the chairman of the Risk Committee) and Maple Leaf Foods Inc. In addition to his public company board memberships, Mr. Beattie is a trustee of the University Health Network in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="20700141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700141" title="The Tribes and the States">
The Tribes and the States

The Tribes and the States is a book written by American child prodigy William James Sidis that outlines the history of the Native Americans, focusing mostly on the Northeastern tribes and continuing up to the mid-19th century. It was written around 1935 but was never published for lack of completion at the time of Sidis' death. Sidis wrote the history under the pseudonym "John W. Shattuck." Much of the history was taken from wampum belts; Sidis explained, "The weaving of wampum belts is a sort of writing by means of belts of colored beads, in which the various designs of beads denoted different ideas according to a definitely accepted system, which could be read by anyone acquainted with wampum language, irrespective of what the spoken language is. Records and treaties are kept in this manner, and individuals could write letters to one another in this way."
Much of the subject matter of the book is centered around the influence of Native Americans on migrating Europeans and the effect of Native Americans on the formation of the United States. It describes the origination of the federations that were to be an important event to the Founding Fathers.

</doc>
<doc id="20700208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700208" title="Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's high jump">
Athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's high jump

The women's high jump event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. It was the first appearance of the event marked the debut of women's Olympic athletics. The competition was held on Sunday, August 5, 1928.
Twenty high jumpers from nine nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in metres) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
"(*)" unofficial
In the final Ethel Catherwood set a new official world record with 1.595 metres.
Results.
Qualification
The qualification started at 1.15 p.m. The top 12 and ties and all those clearing the qualification height of 1.40 metres qualified for the final. The jumping order and the jumping series are not available. Only the Romanian Irina Orendi was unable to clear 1.40 metres, which means that nineteen high jumpers competed in the final.
Final
The final started at 2.30 p.m. on the same day. The jumping order is not available and the jumping series are only known for the medalists.

</doc>
<doc id="20700209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700209" title="Credit ombudsman service">
Credit ombudsman service

The Credit Ombudsman Service (COSL), is an Australian alternative dispute resolution or ombudsman that helps settle disputes between consumers and financial credit providers. It was established in 2003 as a result of the Mortgage & Finance Association of Australia ('MFAA') self-regulation, originally called the Mortgage Industry Ombudsman Scheme (MIOS). It later expanded its remit to include non-bank lending and other credit services, changing its name to the Credit Ombudsman Service Limited (COSL) to reflect this broader jurisdiction. The Credit Ombudsman Service is one of the largest External Dispute Resolution (EDR) schemes in Australia by number of members, totaling over 16,500 in 2013.
The ombudsman covers the following institutions:
History.
The Credit Ombudsman Service was established in 2003 as the Mortgage Industry Ombudsman Service Limited (‘MIOS’) as an EDR (External Dispute Resolution, known in other regions as ADR) scheme and later adopted COSL as its current name in 2004. COSL is an approved EDR scheme under scheme approved by ASIC’s Regulatory Guide RG 139 and its services are free for consumers. Funding is sourced from a combination of its membership fees and complaint fees paid by its participating Members. COSL can award compensation up to a maximum of $250,000 and other remedies, such as an apology, can be asked for.
Complaints process.
COSL considers complaints or disputes about its participating Members' concerning their products and services, such as mortgages, credit products, financial planning, managed investment, insurance and deposit taking (savings).
COSL resolves disputes in a non-adjudicative means through conciliation, although the actual Ombudsman can make a decision which is binding on the member (a Determination). Like all ASIC RG 139 approved schemes, Determinations made by the Ombudsman bind Members but not complainants.
COSL’s conciliation process is both inquisitorial and consensus-based and focuses on producing a mutually satisfactory outcome. Both Members and consumers are afforded an equal opportunity to put forward their cases. This is intended to ensure procedural fairness and promote effective dispute resolution.
Coverage.
The Credit Ombudsman Service covers complaints for consumers if they have dealt with a participating Member of COSL as:
Prior steps.
Before COSL can consider a complaint, the complainant's must first have tried to resolve their complaint with the Member concerned by expressing their dissatisfaction either in writing or via telephone.
Every COSL Member has to have a dedicated Complaints Contact Person as part of their membership and must also have in place procedures called Internal Dispute Resolution Procedures or 'IDR Procedures'. The IDR Procedures require that a Member must:
Complaints covered.
The types of complaints covered by the COSL are set out in the Credit Ombudsman Rules. In general, a consumer can make a complaint to COSL if they believe that the Member they have dealt with has:
There are some types of disputes that COSL are unable to consider which are specified in the Credit Ombudsman Rules.
Cost.
There is no fee for individuals or small businesses when making a complaint to the Credit Ombudsman Service all costs are covered by the scheme members.

</doc>
<doc id="20700223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700223" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Cambria County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cambria County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Cambria County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on National Register of Historic Places in the Cambria County, Pennsylvania. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 30 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks and another is designated as a National Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="20700291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700291" title="Hom Bru">
Hom Bru

Hom Bru are a folk group from Shetland who formed in 1978. They moved to Edinburgh in 1980 and using the city as their base, toured all over Europe. In 1982 they moved back to Shetland and continue to perform regularly.
The band play a mixture of instrumental music, mainly traditional Shetland and Scandinavian tunes, and songs sung in Shetland dialect.
Discography.
The First Swig.
"First Swig" was Hom Bru's debut album released in 1978. The album was recorded by Douglas Bentley in his Viking Vision "studio" which was actually the front shop of his electrical retail premises. The recording was released on cassette only.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Personnel.
Davie Henry (vocals, rhythm guitar, mandolin); Alec Johnson (bass, harmony vocals); Gary Peterson (drums, mandolin); Brian Nicholson (vocals)
Obadeea.
"Obadeea" features a recording of "The Unst Boat Song" which is sung in the old Norn language 
Personnel.
Pete Miller (vocals, guitar, electric bass); George Faux (fiddle, mandolin, guitar, vocals); Gary Peterson (mandolin, tenor banjo, fiddle); Ivor Pottinger (guitar)
Rowin Foula Doon.
Personnel.
Peter Miller (vocals, guitar); Steven Spence (fiddle); Gary Peterson (mandolin, tenor banjo); Davie Henry (vocals, mandolin); Ivor Pottinger (vocals, guitar)
No Afore Time.
Personnel.
Brian Nicholson (vocals, guitar, bass guitar); John Robert Deyell (fiddle); Gary Peterson (mandolin, tenor banjo); Davie Henry (vocals, mandolin); John Hutchison (vocals, guitar)

</doc>
<doc id="20700292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700292" title="Miracle on 34th Street (disambiguation)">
Miracle on 34th Street (disambiguation)

Miracle on 34th Street is a popular 1947 film with Natalie Wood and Edmund Gwenn.
Miracle on 34th Street may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20700295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700295" title="Inge Braumüller">
Inge Braumüller

Ingeborg ("Inge") Braumüller (later "Betz", later "Machts", November 23, 1909 – April 6, 1999) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Berlin and died in Hanover. She was the older sister of Ellen Braumüller.
In 1928 she finished seventh in the high jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="20700309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700309" title="Desert Hills (Nevada)">
Desert Hills (Nevada)

The Desert Hills are a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20700315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700315" title="Solidify">
Solidify

Solidify may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20700323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700323" title="Wien filter">
Wien filter

A Wien filter is a device consisting of perpendicular electric and magnetic fields that can be used as a velocity filter for charged particles, for example in electron microscopes and spectrometers. It is named for Wilhelm Wien who developed it in 1898 for the study of anode rays. It can be configured as a charged particle energy analyzer, monochromator, or mass spectrometer.

</doc>
<doc id="20700326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700326" title="Kay Maguire">
Kay Maguire

Catherine "Kay" Maguire (later "Horsfall", February 4, 1906 – April 1991) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, finishing eighth in the women's high jump event.
She was born in Pacific, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20700346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700346" title="Augsburger Allgemeine">
Augsburger Allgemeine

The Augsburger Allgemeine Zeitung is a major German regional daily newspaper published since 1945.
History.
The newspaper was first published on 30 October 1945 under the name of "Schwäbische Landeszeitung", under the initiative of Curt Frenzel. Originally, due to the restrictions in early post-war Germany, it was only published twice-weekly. Frenzel had received a licence to publish a newspaper from Colonel Bernhard MacMahon of the US military government in Bavaria.
After Curt Frenzel's death in 1970, his daughter Ellinor Holland continued the newspaper that was renamed to "Augsburger Allgemeine" on 1 November 1959. The newspaper and publishing company are still fully owned by the Holland family and now managed by the third generation.
In the second quarter of 2008, the newspaper sold 344,537 copies.
From 1807 to 1882, an "Allgemeine Zeitung" was published in Augsburg but it is not connected to the later newspaper.
Local newspapers.
The "Augsburger Allgemeine" is part of a network of local newspapers in Swabia and parts of Upper Bavaria, these being:

</doc>
<doc id="20700348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700348" title="Marion Holley">
Marion Holley

Marion H. Holley (later "Hofman", May 17, 1910 – December 15, 1995) was an US track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Visalia, California and died in London, Great Britain. Born to Grace (Bruckman) and Harry Holley. Her mother Grace was the first person in Visalia, Ca to become a Baha'i in 1917. From that point on Marion was raised a Baha'i and married a prominent Baha'i from England, David Hofman, in the 1940s.
In 1928 she finished ninth in the high jump event.

</doc>
<doc id="20700349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700349" title="Yamaha TX750">
Yamaha TX750

The TX750 was a Yamaha motorcycle made in 1973 and 1974. It was loosely based on the XS650 but had what Yamaha called an "Omni-Phase balancer" to counter vibrations which are inherent in a parallel twin with the crankshaft set at 360 degrees (both pistons rise at the same time). Using a pair of balancers (one to stabilize the imbalance of the cylinders, the other to counter the rocking caused by the first balancer), Yamaha’s Omni-Phase balancer essentially eliminated vibration in the TX750, producing a smooth ride previously thought possible only in a triple or a four cylinder. This new system was a first for a Motorcycle but resulted in massive failures for the first model year. Although, these problems were fixed in 1974 sales never picked up and the machine was shelved.
Reception.
"Cycle World" magazine, in their October 1972 issue positively reviewed the concept when they wrote: "The result is smoothness beyond belief," . "Shut your eyes and you are on a four. It couldn’t be a twin." In addition, the bike was set up with a single front disc brake with provision to install a second one on the other side. European machines were delivered with twin disc brakes from the factory. The bike also had an interesting warning light system with a brake pad wear indicator, a first for a motorcycle.
Reliability Problems.
The bike was popular at first but soon reliability problems began to emerge and the problems lay with the Omni-Phase balancer: At high rpm the balance weights would whip oil in the sump into a froth, aerating the oil and starving the crank for lubrication which resulted in bearing failure.
In addition, the balance chain would stretch, resulting with the counterweights being out of phase and making the engine run rough. Although Yamaha quickly repaired the problems, including a deeper sump and an adjustable balance chain, sales fell and the TX750 became synonymous with poor design and reliability. The 1974 Model was extensively modified with a revised sump and does not suffer from reliability issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20700366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700366" title="Monica Loughman">
Monica Loughman

Monica Loughman is an Irish ballet dancer, writer, and television personality. She has featured on "Ballet Chancers", a 2008 television series which saw her attempt to train six young people, schooled in hip hop, to appreciate the art of ballet. Loughman has also co-written a book on her experiences as an Irish child in Russia. She has appeared in numerous publications including "The Meath Chronicle", "The Sunday Business Post" and "Woman's Way", as well as numerous other television shows such as "Dustin's Daily News", "The Podge and Rodge Show", "Tubridy Tonight", "The Cafe" and "The Panel","The Late Late Show" many in February 2007.
Early life.
Loughman left Ireland at the age of fourteen for Perm Sate Ballet in Russia, becoming one of the few Westerners to dance for the prestigious Perm State Theatre of Opera and Ballet.
Monica Loughman is now best known in Ireland for establishing a National ballet company. Ireland was one of the only countries in the world (apart from Liechtenstein) that did not have a full-time professional ballet company. Thanks to her tireless work and support of her sponsor Allianz she has created a Company by training indigenous dancers and hiring the support of stars of Russian ballet. Her steady work of ten years, starting with ballet schools, then building a youth company (Irish Youth Russian Ballet) and finally incorporating Monica Loughman Ballet is an inspiration to the international ballet and was featured in the June edition of Dance Europe magazine .
Her company is now Ireland's largest ballet company growing its audience at 300% annually. It has a roster of over 50 extraordinary Irish national ballet dancers and an impressive classical repertoire including The Nutcracker, Vivaldi Seasons, Giselle and La Sylphide, Monica Loughman Ballet is committed to staging classical main scale ballet throughout Ireland and nurturing a new generation of dancers, choreographers and audiences. In a milestone for her, the Irish Arts Council funded a tour of The Nutcracker to theatres throughout Ireland in 2013.
Career.
Loughman has co-written a book, "The Irish Ballerina", with County Meath-based author, Jean Harrington, who helped the former Dublin prostitute Martina Keogh write her story in "Survivor". Published in 2004 by Maverick House Publishers, the book discusses her childhood Russian experiences performing ballet. The book was reviewed in "The Meath Chronicle" and "The Sunday Business Post" and Loughman was interviewed for the magazine "Woman's Way" in December 2004.
On 21 September 2006, Loughman appeared on "Dustin's Daily News". Loughman appeared on the twenty-fourth episode of the third season of "The Podge and Rodge Show", alongside the celebrity solicitor Gerald Kean on 11 February 2007. On 15 February 2007, she appeared on young chat programme, "The Cafe", alongside celebrity weatherman Dáithí Ó Sé and Luan Parle. On 17 February 2007, Loughman appeared on the primetime chat show, "Tubridy Tonight", alongside Bill O'Herlihy, Fionnula Flanagan and The Waterboys. On 4 December 2008, Loughman resurrected her sequence of guest appearances when she appeared on "The Panel" alongside the journalist Niall Stanage.

</doc>
<doc id="20700370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700370" title="Walt Doan">
Walt Doan

Walter Rudolph Doan (March 12, 1887 – October 19, 1935) was a professional baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Naps in 1909 and 1910. In his two years, Doan pitched 22.7 innings and posted a 5.56 earned run average.

</doc>
<doc id="20700379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700379" title="Rocky 7">
Rocky 7

Rocky 7 is the third album by 't Hof van Commerce.

</doc>
<doc id="20700390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700390" title="List of Presidents of CAF">
List of Presidents of CAF

The following is a list of Presidents of CAF, the African association football governing body.
† "Indicates that the title of Honorary President was conferred upon leaving office."
‡ "Acted for a transitional period from 18 August 1987 following Tessema's death in Addis Ababa due to illness, until 10 March 1988 when the general assembly was held in Casablanca and Issa Hayatou was elected president of CAF."

</doc>
<doc id="20700391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700391" title="Bolina (Achaea)">
Bolina (Achaea)

Bolina (Βολίνα) or Boline (Βολίνη) was an ancient city in Achaea, Greece. The city, already ruined when Pausanias visited it in the 2nd century AD, was located near cape Drepanum, near the river Bolinaeus. The name originates from the maiden Bolina, who fled to the sea here and threw herself into it, and by the favour of Apollo became an immortal. Bolina was one of the places where the Patreans took refuge after the defeat of the Achaean League by the Romans.

</doc>
<doc id="20700408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700408" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Carbon County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carbon County, Pennsylvania

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Carbon County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Carbon County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 12 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20700435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700435" title="Abdulwahed Al-Awadhi">
Abdulwahed Al-Awadhi

Abdulwahed Al-Awadhi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the first district. Born in 1955, Al-Awadhi studied Aviation at the US Marine Academy. Afterwards, he served in the Kuwaiti Air Force and fought in Kuwait's Liberation War against Saddam Hussein in 1991. Elected to the National Assembly in 2003, 2006, and 2008. Al-Awadhi is considered to an Independent member with liberal views.
Al-Awadhi was appointed as a Minister of Housing, Minister of Communications, and Acting Minister of State for Affairs of the National Assembly in his 2008 term as the representative of Elected Parliament Members in the Government.
Opposed Redistricting.
In 2004 there was a push by the Kuwaiti parliament to reorganized Kuwait's voting districts. At the time, each of Kuwait's twenty-five districts had only about 10,000 voters. The plan was to cut down on vote-buying by reorganizing Kuwait into five districts with about 50,000 voters each. Although the redistricting reforms eventually went through, the Emir initially opposed them. At that time, Al-Awadhi stood with the Emir and against the majority in parliament, saying "I don't believe reducing the number will eliminate electoral malpractices such as vote buying and bribery. These violations should be dealt with using other effective methods rather than reducing the number of constituencies." 
Kuwait Airways Investigation.
On September 9, 2007, Kuwait Airways' board of directors, headed by ruling family member Sheikh Talal Mubarak al-Sabah, resigned following differences with the government over a multi-billion-dollar deal to buy new aircraft. In July, Al-Awadhi had accused the corporation of squandering public funds and led the parliament to approve a recommendation by a three-MP inquiry committee, which called for top airline executives to be referred to the public prosecutor over alleged financial and administrative irregularities.
Former Minister of Housing.
Previous to the May 2008 elections, Al-Awadhi was Minister of Housing. As minister, he proposed to parliament to raise housing loans for Kuwaiti divorced women and widows from KD 45,000 to KD 70,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20700461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700461" title="Bolina">
Bolina

In Greek mythology, Bolina (Βολίνα) or Boline (Βολίνη) was a nymph. According to Pausanias, Bolina was once a mortal maiden of Achaea. She was loved by the god Apollo, and when he attempted to approach her, Bolina fled from him and threw herself into the sea to escape his advances. Thereupon the god made her immortal. On the spot where Bolina fell into the sea, the town Bolina was founded.

</doc>
<doc id="20700472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700472" title="Mogusan">
Mogusan

Mogusan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20700497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700497" title="Green Island, Iowa">
Green Island, Iowa

Green Island is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Iowa, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20700499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700499" title="Edgware Road Tube schemes">
Edgware Road Tube schemes

Edgware Road Tube schemes covers a number of proposals to build an underground railway in London, UK at the end of the 19th century. Each scheme envisaged building some form of rail tunnel along the Edgware Road in north-west London towards Victoria railway station.
These proposals were made at a time of intensive railway construction, following projects such as City and South London Railway. Like several other proposals at the time, such as the City and Brixton Railway, none of the Edgware Road schemes came to fruition.
Edgware Road and Victoria Railway.
The Edgware Road and Victoria Railway (ER&VR) was an early scheme for an underground railway under the Edgware Road. The promoters sought to raise capital of £1.2 million (£ today) to cover the estimated railway construction costs of £920,000 and the cost of constructing a dedicated power station for the railway at the Paddington Basin. Additional borrowing powers of up to £400,000 were also sought.
It was rejected by Parliament in March 1893 and the project was abandoned.
Proposed route.
The ER&VR was planned to run on a north-west-to-south-east axis, more or less following the route of the Edgware Road. Beginning in the north, a surface-level depot was planned near the location of the present-day Brondesbury Park railway station between Willesden Lane and Dyne Road. Trains were to run down into a tunnel to the first station. Passing south-east, the stations planned were:
Rejection by parliament.
A bill to allow the project to go ahead was considered by the House of Commons Select Committee in March 1893. A number of petitions were made to the committee by property owners along the proposed route of the ER&VR, concerned by the construction of a tube railway under their properties. The construction of the City and South London Railway (C&SLR, part of today's Northern line) had given rise to a number of problems, such as building subsidence on top of brick-built station tunnels. As the C&SLR was the first deep-level tube railway to be built, there were still concerns about construction and ventilation issues with this type of tunnel. To address these concerns, the route of the railway tunnel was moved slightly west between Marble Arch and Victoria so it would run under Hyde Park and avoid the affluent properties of Park Lane.
Despite this, the committee was still not confident about the proposal to build another tube tunnel under London, and the bill was rejected.
Cricklewood, Kilburn and Victoria Railway.
In 1898, the "Cricklewood, Kilburn and Victoria Railway Construction Syndicate" was incorporated to promote a similar project to the failed ER&VR. Like the NWLR, the railway would have followed the Edgware Road route beginning further north at Cricklewood. The company was defeated by the passing of the NWLR's bill and the syndicate was dissolved in 1901.
North West London Railway.
The proposal to build a railway under the Edgware Road was revived in 1899 when a group of engineers began to promote the "North West London Railway (NWLR)". The railway would have followed a similar route to the ill-fated ER&VR, but was to begin further north at Cricklewood and would only run as far as Marble Arch. Its promoters included Sir Benjamin Baker, Sir Douglas Fox and Sir Francis Fox, and they had £1.5 million capital and sought to borrow a further £500,000. Although the bill to grant construction powers passed successfully through Parliament in 1899, there were difficulties raising the necessary funds. The only proven tube railway at the time, the C&SLR, was not delivering a great return on investment, and investors were hesitant. The outbreak of the Second Boer War in 1899 destabilised the money markets and construction on the NWLR project never commenced.
In 1902 the scheme was allowed an extension of time to begin construction, and an increase in tunnel size from 12' 6" to 13' 0". The next year a bill was presented proposing an extension to Victoria Station, under Hyde Park and Grosvenor Place. However the bill was withdrawn following its postponement due to the London Traffic Commission. It was to transpire that the Commissions' only recommended new 'tube' would be an extension of the North West London from Marble Arch to Victoria. In 1906 the NWLR reintroduced its Victoria extension along with a reduction in tunnel size to 11' 8¼", receiving Royal Assent in August. However the financial conditions imposed on the Bill made the extension unattractive.
Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.
When the NWLR's tube project became financially unviable, the company's plans were adopted in 1908 by a more successful underground railway company, the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway (BS&WR). The BS&WR had already opened an underground line in 1906 from Baker Street to and Elephant and Castle (the "Bakerloo" Tube), and had already extended its line to Edgware Road. The company was keen to extend further into north-west London and hoped to make use of the powers acquired by the (NWLR) to build the Edgware Road tube line.
Abandoning the Marble Arch-Victoria section of the NWLR route, the BS&WR instead proposed building the Edgware Road tube line only as far south as its Edgware Road station, which was close to the NWLR's planned route. The NWLR announced a bill in November 1908 seeking to construct a connection between its unbuilt route beneath the Edgware Road and the Bakerloo Tube's Edgware Road station. The Bakerloo Tube was to construct the extension and operate the service over the combined route, which was to have stations at St John's Wood Road, Abercorn Place, Belsize Road, (close to the LNWR station), Brondesbury (to interchange with the North London Railway's station and close to the MR's Kilburn station), Minster Road and Cricklewood. The Bakerloo Tube announced its own bill to make the necessary changes to its existing plans.
At the same time, the BS&WR also had aspirations to extend its services to . The company planned to make the Edgware Road route it main service, with a shuttle line running from Edgware Road to Paddington. Two additional platforms were planned at Edgware Road tube station for shuttle use.
The BS&WR/NWLR joint scheme faced opposition from other railway companies; the Great Western Railway (GWR) objected to the reduction of the Bakerloo Tube's Paddington connection to a shuttle; and the Metropolitan Railway (MR) objected to the connection of the two lines which would be in competition with its line through Kilburn. Parliament rejected the proposed connection and the changes to the NWLR's route, and the company's permissions eventually expired without any construction work being carried out. The Bakerloo Tube bill was withdrawn. This was to be the first bill promoted by the NWLR that did not receive Royal Assent.
Kearney High-Speed Tubes.
In 1905-08, the Australian-born engineer Elfric Wells Chalmers Kearney put forward a plan to build two tube lines from Crystal Palace to Strand and Cricklewood, known variously as the "Cricklewood & Oval and Strand & Crystal Palace Tube Railways", the "Kearney High-Speed Tubes" or the "Kearney High-Speed Railway". The scheme was promoted by the Kearney High-Speed Tube Railway Company Ltd. and proposed the construction of an underground railway operated on an unusual monorail system patented by Kearney. Trains would run on a single rail with four double-flanged wheels under each carriage; wheels mounted on the roof would run along an upper guide rail above the train. The trains, which were to be designed in a streamlined style similar to the London Underground 1935 Stock, would have a low centre of gravity, which, along with the gyroscopic effect of motion, would stabilise the train on the lower rail and reduce the side-to-side hunting oscillation. The stations were to be located just below the surface, connected by deep-level tube tunnels which would drop down steeply from each station; it was intended that the 1 in 7 track incline would enhance acceleration and deceleration between stations with the effects of gravity, with trains reaching before decelerating. This "roller coaster" system was promoted for its low power consumption.
Kearney promoted his system by publishing leaflets, writing a book, giving lectures and he displayed a model of a Kearney train in 1905 for the press.
Proposed route.
The proposed route comprised two lines across London: a line aligned along the Edgware Road route from Cricklewood via Victoria to Oval; and a line from Strand to Crystal Palace, connecting with the Cricklewood line at Oval:
The Kearney Tube system was promoted in other unsuccessful schemes around the world, including New York, Boston and Toronto.
Metropolitan Railway.
By the 1920s the Metropolitan Railway (MR) had expanded its lines deep into the countryside of Buckinghamshire and Hertfordshire, successfully promoting its commuter services with the "Metro-land" advertising campaign. A high volume of traffic was running through its lines into central London via and a bottleneck had developed at where the fast and slow tracks converged into one pair. In 1925, the MR drew up plans to construct a relief line by digging new twin-bore tube tunnels under the Edgware Road, large enough to accommodate Met rolling stock. At a proposed junction north of Kilburn & Brondesbury station, Metropolitan trains would run down a tunnel into the extension line and run beneath Kilburn High Street, Maida Vale and Edgware Road; the line would then rise up to join the Inner Circle just to the west of Edgware Road Met station, and trains would continue to Baker Street. The plan included three new stations, at Quex Road, Kilburn Park Road and Clifton Road. In preparation for this new line, Edgware Road Met station was rebuilt with four platforms and was equipped with platform indicators which could display 'Aylesbury Line' and destinations such as and . However, the scheme was halted after new safety requirements were issued by the Ministry of Transport — deep-level tube trains were now required to have an emergency exit at each end and the compartment stock used by the MR north of Harrow did not comply with this requirement.
The capacity problem was later addressed after the MR had been taken over by the London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB). In 1936 the LPTB constructed a new tunnel to link the Metropolitan line to the Bakerloo line, enabling local Met services to be taken over by the Bakerloo line and relieving congestion on the Inner Circle line (this branch of the Bakerloo was to later become the Jubilee line).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20700524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700524" title="Kenora Thistles (disambiguation)">
Kenora Thistles (disambiguation)

Kenora Thistles is the name of several Canadian ice hockey teams based in Kenora, Ontario and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20700532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700532" title="Mary Elizabeth Ellis">
Mary Elizabeth Ellis

Mary Elizabeth Ellis (born May 11, 1979) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as The Waitress on the FX comedy series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". She also starred in the NBC sitcom "Perfect Couples".
Early life.
Ellis was born in Laurel, Mississippi.
Career.
Ellis has appeared in a number of television series, including "Cold Case", "Without a Trace", "House", "Happy Endings", "New Girl", and "Reno 911!". She is best known for her role as The Waitress on the FX comedy series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia".
In 2008, she co-wrote and starred in the independent film "A Quiet Little Marriage". Ellis and Artemis Pebdani wrote and starred together in the stage show "Mother May I Dance with Mary Jane's Fist?: A Lifetime Original Play" at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in Los Angeles, California. In addition, Ellis and Pebdani are members of the Los Angeles-based performance group Discount Cruise to Hell.
Ellis was a series regular on the NBC romantic comedy series "Perfect Couples", which ran for one season in 2011. Ellis also stars in The Lonely Island's music video for the song "Diaper Money".
Personal life.
Ellis married her "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" co-star Charlie Day on March 4, 2006. Their first child, a son named Russell Wallace Day, was born on December 15, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20700536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700536" title="Mireuksan (South Gyeongsang)">
Mireuksan (South Gyeongsang)

Mireuksan is a mountain in the city of Tongyeong, Gyeongsangnam-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20700559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700559" title="Miracle on 34th Street (1994 film)">
Miracle on 34th Street (1994 film)

Miracle on 34th Street is a 1994 American Christmas fantasy film written and produced by John Hughes, and directed by Les Mayfield (the two would reunite for 1997's "Flubber"). It stars Richard Attenborough, Mara Wilson, Elizabeth Perkins, Dylan McDermott and Horatio Sanz, and is the fourth remake (and the second theatrical version) of the original 1947 film. Like the original, this film was released by 20th Century Fox, to mixed to positive reception.
The New York City-based Macy's department store declined any part of this remake, so the fictitious "Cole's" was used as its replacement. Gimbels had gone out of business in 1987; hence it was replaced by the fictional "Shopper's Express".
Plot.
When the Cole's Santa Claus gets drunk before taking part in the Thanksgiving parade, Dorey Walker (Elizabeth Perkins), Cole's director of special events, fires him and must find a replacement immediately. She spots an old man (Richard Attenborough) berating the inebriated Santa, and begs him to take over. He claims his name is Kris Kringle. Kris does so well during the parade that he is immediately hired to be Cole's main Santa for the holiday period. All the children in New York begin to believe that he is the real Santa, with the exception of Dorey's six-year-old daughter Susan (Mara Wilson). Dorey's boyfriend, Bryan Bedford (Dylan McDermott), does his best to convince Susan to believe. While being babysat one night by Kris, Susan shares with him her Christmas wish, she would like a dad, a house (used every year for the Cole's catalogue photoshoot) and a baby brother. Kris asks if she would begin to believe in Santa if she got all those things. Susan agrees that she would.
Kris is credited with bringing in many more sales to Cole's than previous years, until one night, when he is arrested, then sanctioned for supposedly assaulting a man on the street. Later, the truth emerges, that the man he assaulted was the original drunk Santa, who set up Kris to be arrested, with the help of members of staff from a rival of Cole's, Shopper's Express. With the help of Bryan, Dorey takes Kris's case to court, and drums up support for him from the public. It soon becomes clear that to get Kris acquitted and freed, Bryan must prove that not only does Santa exist, but that Kris is the real one. It is a seemingly impossible task until Bryan comes up with a plan that requires some help from Susan. 
Just as the judge is about to make his decision – and it seems he was going to rule against Kris – Susan walks up to the judge with a Christmas card containing a $1 bill. On the back, the words In God We Trust are circled. The judge realizes that, since the U.S. Department of Treasury can believe in God with no hard evidence, then the people of New York can believe in Santa Claus in the same way. This leaves the elated judge no other choice but to declare that Santa is real, thus freeing Kris.
Following the court case, Dorey and Bryan are maneuvered by Kris into realizing their true feelings for each other, and are married in a very small ceremony right after the Christmas Eve Midnight Mass. On Christmas morning, Susan wakes to the news of the marriage and is elated to see that she has part one of her Christmas wish, a dad. Together, Susan, Dorey and Bryan drive out to the catalogue house and upon arrival, find that Kris has arranged for them to purchase the house. Susan, now having got two out of three of her wishes, excitedly runs upstairs in the house to look at her bedroom. Dorey and Bryan ask her what the last part of her Christmas wish was, and she triumphantly announces that it was a baby brother. Dorey and Bryan both look at each other, shocked, before glancing down at Dorey's stomach and sharing a kiss. The film ends with the belief that Susan has now gotten all she asked for in her wish.
It is mentioned that Kris has gone overseas.
Reception.
At the box office, the film opened at #8 with $2,753,208 and eventually finished with $17,320,146 in North America and $46,264,384 worldwide.
The film received mixed to positive reviews, with Rotten Tomatoes giving the film a score of 61% based on reviews from 23 critics. TV Guide called the film ' curiously depressing', while Desson Howe of The Washington Post claimed that, by comparison to the 1947 version, '(it) will not be found on television (or its computer equivalent) half a century from now.' However, among some of its supporters, it was given two thumbs up by noted critics Gene Siskel & Roger Ebert on their show (the quote is also on the front of the movie's home video release.) Michael Medved of Sneak Previews said "This is the new holiday classic America has been waiting for." 

</doc>
<doc id="20700564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700564" title="Tuam Celtic F.C.">
Tuam Celtic F.C.

Tuam Celtic A.F.C. is a football club from Tuam, Co. Galway, Ireland founded in 1974.
Their Senior XI currently competes in the Galway & District League Premier Division. The 'B' XI compete in the Galway & District League Division 4B. The club has a number of under-age teams, including U-18, U-17, U-16, U-15, U-14, U-13, U-12, U-11, U-10 (6–10 years).
The club also has a Ladies team which had their first training session on July 7, 2009. This is the first Ladies team to have trained and played a match in the 35 year history of the club.
Their home games are played at Celtic Park, Cloonthue, Tuam.
History.
The demise of Tuam Town F.C. in 1973, led a group of players who played at the old racecourse in Parkmore, to convene a meeting with the idea of forming a new club.
A meeting was held in Tuam C.B.S (now St. Patrick's College) on Monday 18 February 1974 to found a new club. Initially a fee of 25 pence was set for membership cards to be sold to players and supporters. Registered players had to pay £1 with a fee of 10 pence per week.
During a meeting held on 1 October 1975, it was proposed that a Board of Trustees would be formed and each would invest £1000 over two years in the Tuam Celtic Development Fund. Grounds were eventually purchased at Cloonthue Road, Tuam which is now the club's permanent home.
In 1996, the club added floodlights and built dressing rooms at Cloonthue. The grounds, training pitches and facilities are wholly owned by the club, a testament to many years of voluntary fund raising by club members.
In 2010 Tuam Celtic seniors won the Jack Lillis cup with a 3 - 1 win over OLBC. The following season Tuam Celtic finished second in Division 2 league and gained promotion to Division One.
In 2013 Tuam Celtic were promoted to the Premier League of the Galway and district league for the first time since 1991 after a hugely successful season where they finished 2nd in Division one. Celtic were just pipped to top spot on the final day of the season by St Pats.

</doc>
<doc id="20700567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700567" title="Justice O'Brien">
Justice O'Brien

Justice O'Brien may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20700581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700581" title="Alain Suied">
Alain Suied

Alain Suied (July 17, 1951 – July 24, 2008) was a French poet and translator.
Suied was born in Tunis into what was then the Jewish community in that city. In 1959 he moved to Paris with his parents. His first poem was published in 1968 in the journal "L'Ephemeral". Andre du Bouchet helped him get his first book published in 1970. Suied received the Nelly Sachs Prize for translation. 
He is buried in the cemetery of Montparnasse.

</doc>
<doc id="20700593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700593" title="Gonoessa">
Gonoessa

Gonoessa () was a city in ancient Achaea, Greece. The location of the city has not been found, but it is assumed to lie in the northwesternmost part of present Corinthia.
Gonoessa was mentioned by Homer in his "Iliad". It was a settlement of the city-state of Pellene with a port from which a fleet under the command of Agamemnon departed during the Trojan War. Homer said that the combined fleet with Pellene and Hyperesia totaled 100 ships. It has been suggested that the town was founded by the Pelasgians, the proto-Greek that arrived from Asia Minor and settled the whole Achaea.

</doc>
<doc id="20700596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700596" title="Gornja Mikuljana">
Gornja Mikuljana

Gornja Mikuljana (Serb Cyrillic: ) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Kuršumlija, and the district of Toplica. In 2002, it had 117 inhabitants, of which 110 were Serbs (94,01%).
In 1948, the village had 284 inhabitants, in 1981 148 and, in 1991, 140.

</doc>
<doc id="20700597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700597" title="Infinity (Lee Morgan album)">
Infinity (Lee Morgan album)

Infinity is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded on November 16, 1965 but not released until 1981 and features performances by Morgan with a quintet featuring Jackie McLean, Larry Willis, Reggie Workman and Billy Higgins. The album was reissued on CD in 1998 as a limited edition.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The music (four Morgan and one McLean originals), even while being tied to the hard bop tradition, is challenging and (with the exception of the closing uptempo blues "Zip Code") quite tricky; really inspiring the talented players. An underrated gem.".

</doc>
<doc id="20700599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700599" title="Hill tetrahedron">
Hill tetrahedron

In geometry, the Hill tetrahedra are a family of space-filling tetrahedra. They were discovered in 1896 by M. J. M. Hill, a professor of mathematics at the University College London, who showed that they are scissor-congruent to a cube. 
Construction.
For every formula_1, let formula_2 
be three unit vectors with angle formula_3 between every two of them.
Define the "Hill tetrahedron" formula_4 as follows:
A special case formula_6 is the tetrahedron having all sides right triangles with sides 1, formula_7 and formula_8. Ludwig Schläfli studied formula_9 as a special case of the orthoscheme, and H. S. M. Coxeter called it the characteristic tetrahedron of the cubic spacefilling.
Generalizations.
In 1951 Hugo Hadwiger found the following "n"-dimensional generalization of Hill tetrahedra:
where vectors formula_13 satisfy formula_14 for all formula_15, and where formula_16. Hadwiger showed that all such simplices are scissor congruent to a hypercube.

</doc>
<doc id="20700601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700601" title="Golden Globe Award for Best Actress">
Golden Globe Award for Best Actress

Golden Globe Award for Best Actress can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20700609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700609" title="Bounds Lott">
Bounds Lott

Bounds Lott is a historic home located west of Allen in Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It consists of the original four-bay, -story dwelling with three small additions; two having been moved from Sussex County, Delaware. The additions were remodeled in their new location in 1975.
Bounds Lott was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20700611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700611" title="Mireuksan">
Mireuksan

Mireuksan (미륵산; 彌勒山) is the name of several mountains in South Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="20700624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700624" title="Paduka">
Paduka

Paduka is the name of India's oldest, most quintessential footwear. It is little more than a sole with a post and knob, which is engaged between the big and second toe.
It exists in a variety of forms and materials throughout India. They might be made in the shape of actual feet, or of fish, for example, and are made of wood, ivory and even silver. They are sometimes elaborately decorated. The more elaborate shoes could be part of a bride's trousseau, but could also be given as religious offerings or be themselves the object of veneration.
Although simple wooden padukas could be worn by common people, padukas of fine teak, ebony and sandalwood, inlaid with ivory or wire, were a mark of the wearer's high status.
Today paduka as footwear is generally worn by mendicants and saints of Hindu and Jain religions. Its significance in Hindu mythology is linked to the epic Ramayana.It also refers to the footprints of deities and saints that are venerated. 
Paduka also means foot prints of Hindu gods such as Vishnu, Shiva and other religious icons that are worshipped in this symbolic form in houses and also in temples built for this purpose. One such temple is the Gaya temple dedicated to Vishnupada or Vishnu's feet. Similarly, Buddha's foot prints are worshipped under the Bodhi tree in Bodh Gaya.
It is also the royal symbol (not as a foot wear but as a headgear) in Malaysia termed as ‘Seri Paduka’ denoting "His Majesty", which is a title bestowed as an honour of recognition to the dignitaries of Malaysian court for their outstanding contribution to the betterment of their State.
Etymology.
Paduka is a compound word made up of two words namely, "pada" and "ka". In Sanskrit language, 'Pâda' means: "foot" (masculine noun) and ‘ka’ is a diminutive ending with literal meaning of "small". This terminology was coined to define India's ancient archetypal footwear.
Legend.
The word ‘pada’ (foot) is cited in the ancient Hindu scripture - Rigveda, as representing the universe namely the Prithvi (earth), Vayu (air), Akash (sky) and the element of the realm beyond the sky.
In the Hindu epic Ramayana, King Dasaratha who had a curse on him, sent his son Rama (an incarnation of god Vishnu) for 14 years of exile, at the behest of his wife Kaikeyi (step mother of Rama) as she wanted her son Bharata to be crowned as the king. Rama, his consort Sita and brother Laksmana went into a forest to spend their period of exile. But Bharata did not want to have the kingdom. He, therefore, met Rama who was living in the forest and beseeched him to return to Ayodhya. When Rama told Bharata that he will return only after completing his fourteen years in the forest, Bharata requested for Rama's paduka to serve as his proxy, to be crowned in Ayodhya Raj Singhasan (King's throne) of Kosala country and to serve as an object of veneration for Rama's followers. Bharata carried Rama's golden sandals (padukas) with great reverence by placing them on his head as a mark of his obedience to his elder brother. Bharata ruled Kosala as Rama's proxy in the name of "Ram's Padukas".
Sandal structure.
The foot wear is typically a sandal, which has generally a wooden sole with a post and a stub to provide grip to the foot between the big and second toes. It is also known as "karrow", "kharawan" and "karom" and used in the Indian subcontinent mostly by mendicants, saints and common man for special occasions. Made in the shape of the foot prints, with two narrow and curved stilts, the design is specific to ensure that the principle of non-violence - practised by the saintly followers of Hindu and Jain religions - is not violated by accidental trampling on insects and vegetation. The often heard prayer on the lips of a Brahmin wearing such a paduka is:"Forgive me Mother Earth the sin of injury, the violence I do, by placing my feet upon you this morning."
Padukas made of ivory are a popular use among royalty and saints. These are, however, made from ivory of dead elephants or extracted from live domesticated elephants. Elephants are not killed for the purpose of making such sandals because Hindu religious ethos does not permit such cruel acts. Padukas are also worn by common people. But people of high status in the society wear padukas made out of fine teak, ebony and sandalwood and inlaid with ivory or wire. It is also made in the shape of a fish, as a symbol of fertility.
Other forms of padukas worn on special occasions are: Silver Paduka incised with silver or of wood covered with silver plates and sometimes adorned with bells to sound upon walking; Bronze Padukas and Brass Padukas with significance for ritual and ceremonial use.
A unique pair of wooden padukas has toe knobs inlaid with ivory lotus flowers and is minutely painted. At each step, a trigger mechanism in the sole signals the lotus to open from bud to blossom. It is also made in the shape of an hourglass or with carved toes.
An eighteenth century foot wear used as ritual wear made of "wood with bed of sharp iron spikes" has been found. It is inferred that it was meant to be used to inflict pain to the wearer to demonstrate his conviction in religious forbearance of pain.
Veneration.
Paduka is also gifted as part of a bride's dowry. They are worshipped and also given as votive offerings by the faithful believers.
In a festival associated with the Hindu god Vithoba, pilgrims travel to his Pandharpur temple from Alandi and Dehu towns that are closely associated with poet-saints Dnyaneshwar and Tukaram respectively, carrying the Padukas of the saints in a silver palkhi (palanquin).
The popular religious belief is that of the contact ("sparsh") with the Salabhanjika yakshini's foot. It is said that when the Yakshini encircles a dormant tree with her leg around it, it starts to blossom and bear fruit. Shalabhanjika yakshi is also an embellishment in the form of an architectural bracket in many Hindu temples.
Another notable feature of veneration is of goddess Lakshmi, the goddess of prosperity. On Deepavali festival day, Lakshmi is devotionally ushered into the house by symbolic representation with a series of her foot prints ("paduka") drawn in paint or kolam and lighted all along with oil lamps, from the main door of the house into the private sanctum in the house. This is done with the prayerful wish that good fortune shall be bestowed by her on the householders.
Below the Bodhi tree at Bodh Gaya where Buddha got enlightenment, there is a vacant throne that is adorned with the foot prints on a foot rest of the Buddha. This place is deeply venerated.
Vishnupada Mandir is said to enshrine the footprints of god Vishnu. This footprint denotes the act of Vishnu subduing Gayasur by placing his foot on Gayasur's chest. Inside the temple, the long "footprint" of Vishnu is imprinted in solid rock and surrounded by a silver plated octagonal open enclosure. The temple is in height and has 8 rows of elegantly carved pillars that support the pavilion. Within the temple precincts, the banyan tree called the 'Akshayabat' is located where the final rituals for the dead takes place.
Paduka Sahasram, literal meaning "1000 verses on the padukas of the Lord", is devotional poetry extolling the virtues of worshipping the Paduka (feet) of god Vishnu whose deity is enshrined in Sri Ranganathaswamy Temple in Srirangam in Tamil Nadu. It is considered a sacred script of the Sri Sampradaya or Sri Vaishnavism, who are known by the surname Iyengar, also spelt Ayyangar in South India. The Sahasram was composed in 1008 verses in 32 chapters by Swami Vedantha Desika, a follower of the Vishishtadvaita philosophy propounded by saint Ramanujacharya. It is also said that Desika composed this magnamopus, as a challenge to his rival group of Tengalai Iyengars (Iyengars belonging to the southern school of the Srivaishnava philosophy), in one "yamam" of a night meaning one quarter of a night, which was acclaimed as a master piece of religious poetry and he was awarded the title of Mahakavi. The eulogy of the Lord's Paduka by Desika is spun around Rama's sandals (Paduka), which ruled the kingdom of Ayodhya for 14 years. He propounds that it was due to the special relationship that people of Ayodhya had with Rama's Paduka that they attained liberation, meaning salvation in life.
Adi Shankaracharya has also written nine devotional verses under the title "Guru Paduka Panchakam" as salutations to his guru, in this case meaning the Lord. The English language translation of the first verse means:
<poem>
Salutations and Salutations to the sandals of my Guru,
Which is a boat, which helps me, cross the endless ocean of life, 
Which endows me, with the sense of devotion to my Guru,
And by worship of which, I attain the dominion of renunciation.
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="20700634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700634" title="Song of Summer">
Song of Summer

Song of Summer is a 1968 black-and-white television film written, produced and directed by Ken Russell for the BBC's "Omnibus" series which was first broadcast on 15 September 1968. It portrays the final six years of the life of Frederick Delius, when he was blind and paralysed, and when Eric Fenby lived with the composer and his wife Jelka as Delius's amanuensis. The title is borrowed from the Delius tone poem "A Song of Summer", which is heard along with other Delius works in the film.
It stars Max Adrian as Delius, Christopher Gable as Fenby, and Maureen Pryor as Delius's wife Jelka, with director Russell in a cameo role as a philandering priest. The cinematography was by Dick Bush, and the editing was by Roger Crittenden. It was shot on black-and-white 35mm film.
It has received wide praise since its first screening, and Ken Russell himself said it was the best film he ever made and he would not have done a single shot differently.
Book.
"Song of Summer" was based on Eric Fenby's memoir "Delius As I Knew Him" (1936, republished in 1966), which recounts his experience of offering his services in transcribing Frederick Delius's music from the composer's dictation. The 66-year-old Delius, who lived with his wife Jelka and their servants at Grez-sur-Loing, 70 kilometres south of Paris, had never even heard of Fenby, a struggling 22-year-old composer and theatre organist living with his parents in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, but he accepted Fenby's unsolicited offer. Fenby stayed with the Deliuses at Grez, on and off for six years, until Delius's death in 1934. He had immense difficulties in dealing with the cantankerous, irascible and impatient composer (perhaps partly excused by his constant pain). Neither party had ever worked this way before, but Fenby was immediately expected to keep up with Delius's fast pace when dictating, and to make sense of his out-of-tune singing. He was also required to read for long stretches to Delius, the composer's favourite books being Mark Twain's "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" and "Tom Sawyer". Fenby was a devout Catholic and Delius hated Christianity, even going so far as to say that Fenby should not go to the local chapel but visit one further away. On his first visit home, Fenby had a nervous breakdown and lost the use of his own legs for two weeks. Later, Jelka needed to go for treatment for stomach cancer, and Fenby virtually became Delius's nurse for a month. Delius died only two days after Jelka returned.
Eric Fenby coached actors Max Adrian (Delius) and Christopher Gable (Fenby) in their roles and regarded their portrayals as "absolutely true to character" and the film as "disturbingly lifelike". However, he did not attend the actual filming, in order not to distract the director, and also on request from Christopher Gable, who was making his first film (he had previously been a dancer with the Royal Ballet). Max Adrian was a favourite actor of Ken Russell's. Adrian told Fenby that he had more difficulty in ridding himself of involvement in the role of Delius than he had ever experienced with other roles.
Reception.
The film has often been described as the best of the biographical films Ken Russell made for the BBC in the 1960s. (He had previously made films about Bartók, Elgar and Debussy, and would later make films about Richard Strauss, Tchaikovsky, Liszt and others.) Words like "subtle", "sensitive", "exquisite", "moving", "beautiful", "poignant", "magical", "exceptional" and "tour de force" recur in critiques of "Song of Summer". The acting by the principals was universally praised. When he saw the finished film, Eric Fenby was traumatised, for it brought to the surface feelings he had been suppressing for decades, and he suffered a severe nervous breakdown which took him a full year to recover from.
In 2001, a slightly shortened version was released on DVD, as "Delius: Song of Summer".
Music.
"Song of Summer" uses the music of Delius throughout, except for a passage where Percy Grainger calls at Grez, and "Country Gardens" and "Handel in the Strand" are heard and another in which Delius has a record of Jerome Kern's "Old Man River" played. The original film starts with an excerpt from a Laurel and Hardy film, and then shows Fenby improvising music on an organ for the theatre patrons. In the DVD release, copyright permission for the Laurel and Hardy film could not be obtained, so the introduction was cut from the release; however, the music credits still include Eric Fenby.
Details.
A theme that is quite overtly explored is the dichotomy between a composer who is an egotistical and tyrannical monster and womaniser (his blindness and paralysis were the result of tertiary syphilis contracted at Paris brothels and with other women), but who writes ravishingly beautiful, lyrical, sensitive music. Fenby himself comments "I can't reconcile such hardness with such lovely music".
Russell explored the possibility of making the film at the Delius home at Grez, but that proved impractical. Budgetary considerations meant it could not be made in France at all, so it was filmed mainly in Surrey, with extra scenes in Scarborough and the Lake District.
The gramophone used in the film was Delius's own, and Jelka's scattering of rose petals over Frederick's dead body from her wheelchair was exactly what she did in real life.
One scene shows Fenby attending a church and discovering the parish priest (played by Ken Russell himself) making love to a girl in a pew. This episode apparently occurred, but it was not mentioned in "Delius As I Knew Him". Fenby told it to Russell for his ears alone and was shocked when he saw it in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20700636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700636" title="Riley Bartholomew">
Riley Bartholomew

Riley Lucas Bartholomew (1807 – after 1860) was a Minnesota state senator from 1859 to 1860.
Riley Bartholomew married Fanny A. Watkins in 1829. He became a merchant in Geneva, Ohio, selling clocks and later operating a hotel before the family moved to Jefferson, Ohio, the Ashtabula County seat. In 1848 he was elected sheriff. During his Ohio years Riley joined the state militia, rising through the ranks to the status of general.
The Bartholomew family were among the first settlers in 1852 to establish a land claim in Richfield, Minnesota. The Bartholomews, in their mid-forties, determined to move their family and begin a new life in the Northwest. Riley came from stock that did not fear a challenge. His grandfather fought Native Americans and Tories on the New York frontier during the Revolutionary War, and his father was a veteran of the War of 1812. Bartholomew's parents, Benjamin and Susannah, settled in Ohio's northeast corner in 1807, the year of Riley's birth.
Upon arrival in Minnesota Territory, Riley claimed a piece of land on the east side of Wood Lake straddling the western boundary line of the original Fort Snelling reservation. He constructed a two-story wooden house which was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 28, 1978 and is now run as the Riley Lucas Bartholomew House Museum by the Richfield Historical Society.
After establishing their claim, Riley quickly became involved in the work of building a new community. He helped construct the first school and church in 1854. He became a justice of the peace for Hennepin County, a position he held from 1854 to 1863. His neighbors chose him as a territorial delegate to the state's 1857 constitutional convention, and Riley later became a District Four representative in the state senate from 1859 to 1860.
The four Bartholomew children ranged from eleven to twenty years of age when the family reached Richfield. The two eldest daughters, America and Virginia, married in 1855 and moved out to establish their own households. Youngest son, Rollin, married and left home in 1863. Oldest son, Winfield, farmed in Richfield and later took over the homestead from his parents.

</doc>
<doc id="20700650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700650" title="Last Card">
Last Card

Last Card is a popular card game played in New Zealand in schools and gaming venues. It is similar in most aspects to Uno, Mau Mau or Crazy Eights but several rules differentiate it, for instance the function of a particular card.
Pick up rules.
When a 5 has been played, the following player must draw five cards or play another 5 (stacking), forcing the next player to do the same or be forced to pick up ten (the original 5 plus the following 5) cards. (With there only being four 5 cards in a standard deck, the maximum draw is 20 cards.)
When a 2 has been played, the following player must draw two cards or play another 2 (stacking); the subsequent player is then required to play another 2 card or draw four (the original 2 plus the following 2) from the deck. (With there being four 2 cards in a standard pack the maximum draw required is 8 cards.)
When a 10 card has been played, the following player misses a turn.
An Ace can be played regardless of the suit or value of the topmost card on the playing deck—that is, the Ace may be played at any time in the game. When playing an Ace, the player can decide freely the suit that has to be played next; from then on, play continues as normal, but on the suit selected by the player of the Ace. The Aces suit must match if this is the game winning play.
When a player has only one card remaining in their hand they must say 'Last Card'. Failure to do so before playing requires them to draw two cards from the deck and continue playing.
Optional variations.
A variation of the "Pick-up rule" is that you can play a 2 on to a 5. A further variation of this dictates that this is only possible when the two cards are of the same suit. This increases the draw limit from 8 or 20 to 28.
Yet another variation of the "Pick-up rule" is that playing a 2 results in the next player having to pick up 2 cards, with no defence available. Playing a 4 results in the next player having to pick up 4 cards. A 4, however, can be defended by "stacking" a 5 (of any suit), which also reverses play, forcing the player who originally played the 4 to now pick up 5 cards. This can be defended and reversed again by playing a 6, and so on up to a 10.
A J card changes the direction of play, if you play clockwise it changes to the now play anticlockwise until someone else put's another J down. If two J are played then play remains unchanged, if three J played then the direction of play is changed.
Starting card rules.
When all of the cards have been dealt to each player, the top card on the deck is flipped over to commence play. This card only dictates the starting suit and nothing else. If the first player is unable to follow suit they must pick-up one card as normal. The Joker card will not be used.
Optional rules.
The following rules are optional:
References.
"OBT Card Games pages 17-19, 127 (glossary)"
"LastCard on AppStore"

</doc>
<doc id="20700655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700655" title="Western Australian Seniors Card">
Western Australian Seniors Card

The Western Australian Seniors Card is an identity/concession/discount card issued by the "Department for Communities" of the Government of Western Australia.
Eligibility.
Eligibility for issue of a Seniors Card requires the applicant to be resident in Western Australia, aged 60 years or over and be working less than 20 hours a week. A statutory declaration is required to be submitted.
Concessions.
A range of concessions are available. These range from state government concessions (water, electricity, shire rates), to a range of business discounts. The card is combined with a Seniors SmartRider, which offers public transport concessions.
Restrictions.
There are currently (December 2008) no formal reciprocal interstate arrangements, however, some organisations do recognise the card.
References.
http://www.communities.wa.gov.au
Seniors cards help to discount and make life better in quality and quanitiy in all services for the "Baby Boomer" generation.

</doc>
<doc id="20700675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700675" title="Milk Street">
Milk Street

Milk Street is a street in the financial district of Boston, Massachusetts.
Milk Street was one of Boston's earliest highways. The name "Milk Street" was given to the street in 1708 due to the milk market at the location. One of the first post offices in Boston was located on the street in 1711, when the first regular postal routes to Maine, Plymouth and New York were established.
Grace Croft's 1952 work, titled "History and Genealogy of Milk Family", also proposes that Milk Street may have been named for John Milk, an early shipwright in Boston. The land was originally conveyed to his father, also John Milk, in October 1666.
Old South Meeting House is located at the corner of Milk and Washington. The street is also the home of Benjamin Franklin's birthplace site.
Subway connection.
The closest subway stop to Milk Street is State Street.

</doc>
<doc id="20700695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700695" title="Galway Bohemians F.C.">
Galway Bohemians F.C.

Galway Bohemians F.C. is a team of a football club from Galway, Ireland.
Their most senior team currently competes in the Galway & District League Third Division after relegation in 2012/2013 season. This team also competes in the Galway & District League Reserve League.
They play their games at Millers Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="20700707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700707" title="Munsubong (Taebaek, Gangwon-do/Bonghwa, Gyeongsangbuk-do)">
Munsubong (Taebaek, Gangwon-do/Bonghwa, Gyeongsangbuk-do)

Munsubong is a South Korean mountain that sits between the city of Taebaek, Gangwon-do and the county of Bonghwa, Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20700718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700718" title="Thaliades">
Thaliades

Thaliades () was a town in Arcadian Azania in ancient Greece, situated on the river Ladon between the towns Halus and Thelpusa. There was a temple of Eleusinian Demeter, with statues of Demeter, her daughter and Dionysos. It was part of the city-state of Kleitor.
The ruins that have been found 1 km west of Vachlia are believed to be the remains of Thaliades.

</doc>
<doc id="20700725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700725" title="Justice King">
Justice King

Justice King may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20700732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700732" title="Road Trips Volume 2 Number 1">
Road Trips Volume 2 Number 1

Road Trips Volume 2 Number 1 is two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. The fifth in their "Road Trips" series of albums, it was recorded at Madison Square Garden in New York City on September 18, 19, and 20, 1990. It was released on December 10, 2008.
A third, "bonus" disc, recorded on September 18, 1990, was included with early shipments of the album.
Another Grateful Dead album recorded during the same run of concerts at Madison Square Garden is "Dick's Picks Volume 9".
Concert set lists.
The complete set lists for the September 18, 19 and 20, 1990 concerts at Madison Square Garden were:
September 18, 1990:
September 19, 1990:
September 20, 1990:

</doc>
<doc id="20700743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700743" title="Hook (bowling)">
Hook (bowling)

A hook in ten-pin bowling is a ball that rolls in a curving pattern (versus straight). The purpose of the hook is to give the ball a better angle at the 1-3 pocket (right-handers) or 1-2 pocket (left-handers.) When a ball is rolled straight, hitting the pocket must be precise. By hooking the ball, the ball will hit the pins with more force, producing better carry - especially on the 5-pin during a strike ball. Straight roll - even when it hits the pocket, will tend to leave a tap, such as the 5-pin on a light hit, or the 10-pin if the ball was just slightly right of the head pin. A hook ball can create strikes with less precise hits at the pocket.
A hook ball can also help the bowler shape the shot on challenging oil patterns.
In other games of bowling, such as duckpin bowling or candlepin bowling, a hook is virtually non-existent for experienced bowlers since the ball is much smaller than in ten-pin bowling, and rolls too fast to the pins to allow a hook to develop.
Techniques.
There are two ways to produce a hook. The first method involved bowling technique. At the moment of throwing the bowling ball, the hand should be behind the ball and where the thumb (for a right-hander) is anywhere between 10-o'clock and 12-o'clock, and the two fingers are between 4-o'clock and 6-o'clock. Just before releasing the ball, the entire hand starts rotating in a counter-clockwise motion. The thumb must fall out of the ball first. And then, the middle and ring finger release almost simultaneously, again in a counter-clockwise direction. The two fingers releasing while rotating is called "lift," where this type of a release gives the roll more torque and therefore more power. This release technique gives the bowling ball its spin needed for the hook. When the two fingers lift the ball correctly, it will cause the thumb to naturally fall out of the ball first, so one does not have to make a conscious effort to remove the thumb before the fingers.
Of course there are innumerable variations in style and technique and the position of the thumb can vary from person to person. Some bowlers, including professionals, will actually roll the bowling ball with just the two fingers, allowing the hand to give the ball even more torque without having to worry about the thumb restricting the spin.
The second way to produce a hook is by modifying the bowling ball. Legally, one can play with the "weighting" of the bowling ball, such as drilling the ball so that there is more side weight on the right side of the ball (for a right-hander,) which would cause the ball to pull from right to left, causing a hook. Bowling balls ship with the weighting specifications on the container. A bowling shop professional can drill a bowling ball by first knowing the type of roll the bowler wants, and then can pick out the bowling ball with the weighting specifications in mind that match the bowler's needs. For a beginning bowler, the professional will usually drill the ball with the label directly in the middle, and between the fingers and thumb holes, causing the weighting to be balanced on both sides, causing the ball to roll straight.
Under USBC regulations, one can drill up to five holes on the bowling ball. Since most bowlers use three holes (thumb and two fingers,) one could drill additional holes on other parts of the bowling ball, to take additional weight off of a portion of the bowling ball, such as an "axis hole" that allows the bowling ball's hook to stabilize during its roll to the pins. Doctoring the bowling ball by adding additional holes is not recommended unless the bowler is experienced enough to know where to place these holes, such as studying the track area of the ball and knowing where to place the axis hole.
Backup ball.
A "backup ball" produces the opposite result of a hook. When a ball is rolled by a right-hander, the ball will hook from left to right. The exact same principles of hooking a ball are applied on a backup ball, except the hand rotates clockwise. A backup ball comes natural for some women, as the construction of the female wrist allows for it to rotate clockwise more naturally. 

</doc>
<doc id="20700758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700758" title="Chet Allen">
Chet Allen

Chet Allen (May 6, 1939 – June 17, 1984) was an American child actor of the 1950s known for his role as Amahl in Gian Carlo Menotti's "Amahl and the Night Visitors", the first opera written for television, which he made with the NBC Opera Theatre.
At the time he was selected as Amahl, Allen was a soprano member of Columbus Boychoir, founded in Columbus, Ohio The music boarding school relocated in 1950 to Princeton, New Jersey, and in 1980 was renamed the American Boychoir School. Allen also reprised his role as Amahl in theatre in April 1952 with the New York City Opera, conducted by young Thomas Schippers.
In 1953, Allen starred with Dan Dailey in the film "Meet Me at the Fair" in the role of 14-year-old Tad Bayliss. That same year, he played the young teenager Jerry Bonino in the short-lived NBC series "Bonino", a mostly forgotten situation comedy starring Ezio Pinza as a recently widowed Italian-American opera singer, Babbo Bonino, undertaking the rearing of his six children. Mary Wickes costarred as Martha the housekeeper.
One of Allen's young "Bonino" costars was Van Dyke Parks, a future composer and musician with whom he had roomed at Columbus Boyschoir.
Allen failed to make the transition into adult acting and was frequently admitted to psychiatric hospitals because of recurring depression. He procured his Social Security number in New Jersey, presumably when he joined the Columbus Boychoir. Allen spent his last years in Columbus, Ohio. When Menotti visited him there, in either 1982 or 1983, he found a bitterly unhappy young man for whom life had been a series of repeated disappointments. "No one could have helped him enough," Menotti later maintained.
Death.
In 1984, at the age of forty-five, Allen committed suicide by taking five times the fatal dosage of a prescription anti-depressant. Speculation persists that Allen may have been one of the many young victims of sexual abuse that took place at the Columbus Boychoir School, during his enrollment there years earlier. See The American Boychoir School.

</doc>
<doc id="20700766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700766" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Centre County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Centre County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Centre County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Centre County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 62 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another 2 properties were once listed but have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20700768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700768" title="Munsubong (Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk-do/Mungyeong, Gyeongsangbuk-do)">
Munsubong (Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk-do/Mungyeong, Gyeongsangbuk-do)

Munsubong is a South Korean mountain that sits between the cities of Jecheon, Chungcheongbuk-do and Mungyeong, Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20700771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700771" title="Muntadhar al-Zaidi">
Muntadhar al-Zaidi

Muntadhar al-Zaidi ( "Muntaẓar az-Zaydī") is an Iraqi broadcast journalist who served as a correspondent for Iraqi-owned, Egyptian-based Al-Baghdadia TV. , al-Zaidi works with a Lebanese TV channel.
On November 16, 2007, al-Zaidi was kidnapped by unknown assailants in Baghdad. He was also previously twice arrested by the United States armed forces. On December 14, 2008, al-Zaidi shouted "This is a farewell kiss from the Iraqi people, you dog" and threw his shoes at then-U.S. president George W. Bush during a Baghdad press conference. Al-Zaidi suffered injuries as he was taken into custody and some sources said he was tortured during his initial detention. There were calls throughout the Middle East to place the shoes in an Iraqi museum, but the shoes were later destroyed by US and Iraqi security forces to prevent this. Al-Zaidi's shoeing inspired many similar incidents of political protest around the world.
Following the incident, Al-Zaidi was "embraced around the Arab world" and was represented by the head of the Iraqi Bar Association at trial. On February 20, 2009, al-Zaidi received a 90-minute trial by the Central Criminal Court of Iraq. On March 12, 2009, he was sentenced to three years in prison for assaulting a foreign head of state during an official visit. On April 7 the sentence was reduced from three years to one year. He was released on 15 September 2009 for good behavior, after serving nine months of the sentence. After his release, Al-Zaidi was treated for injuries and later said he planned to "build orphanages, a children's hospital, and medical and orthopaedic centres offering free treatment and manned by Iraqi doctors and medical staff."
Biography.
Muntadhar al-Zaidi was raised in Sadr City, a suburb of Baghdad, Iraq. He began working as a correspondent for Al-Baghdadia TV in 2005. He first became known as a victim of a kidnapping by unknown assailants in November 2007. Al-Zaidi has also been arrested twice by United States armed forces. He lives in a two room apartment within central Baghdad. He is of the Shi'a-Muslim faith and also is a Sayyid.
"One of his best reports was on Zahra, a young Iraqi school girl killed by the occupation forces while en route to school," said Ahmed Alaa, a close friend and colleague of al-Zaidi at al-Baghdadia television who talked to "Islam Online". Alaa said al-Zaidi documented the tragedy in his reportage, complete with interviews with her family, neighbors and friends. "This report earned him the respect of many Iraqis and won him many hearts in Iraq," he said. Al-Zaidi once also turned down an offer to work for what he termed "a pro-occupation channel". Friends said al-Zaidi had been "emotionally influenced" by the destruction he'd seen in his coverage of the US bombing of Sadr City.
Muzhir al-Khafaji, al-Zaidi's boss at the TV station, describes al-Zaidi as a "proud Arab and an open-minded man." He added, "He has no ties with the former regime. His family was arrested under Saddam's regime." On politics, al-Zaidi said "I’m Iraqi and I’m proud of my country." Friends of al-Zaidi said he utterly rejected the occupation and the civil clashes. They said he believed the U.S.-Iraq Status of Forces Agreement was a "legalization of the occupation."
Sami Ramadani, a political exile from Saddam's regime and a senior lecturer at London Metropolitan University, wrote in an op-ed for "The Guardian" that al-Zaidi "reported for al-Baghdadia on the poor and downtrodden victims of the US war. He was first on the scene in Sadr City and wherever people suffered violence or severe deprivation. He not only followed US Apache helicopters' trails of death and destruction, but he was also among the first to report every 'sectarian' atrocity and the bombing of popular market places. He let the victims talk first".
Kidnapping and detention.
On Friday morning, November 16, 2007, al-Zaidi was kidnapped on his way to work in central Baghdad. Unknown armed men forced him into a car, where he was beaten until he lost consciousness. The assailants used al-Zaidi's necktie to blindfold him and bound his hands with shoelaces. He was held captive with little food and drink and questioned about his work as a journalist. During his disappearance, al-Zaidi was reported missing by Iraq's Journalistic Freedoms Observatory. On November 18, Reporters Without Borders "voiced deep concern" in a statement about al-Zaidi's detention. No ransom demand was made, and al-Zaidi's kidnappers released him still blindfolded, on to a street three days later around 3 a.m. on Monday, November 19, 2007, after which al-Zaidi's brother picked him up. The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees mentioned al-Zaidi's kidnapping in a December 2007 report that listed violent incidents in the media, in particular, incidents targeting journalists in Baghdad. According to the report,
"journalists and media workers and other professionals continue to be targets for kidnapping and assassination."
After his kidnapping, al-Zaidi told Reuters; "My release is a miracle. I couldn't believe I was still alive." The editor of Al-Baghdadia TV described the kidnapping as an "act of gangs, because all of Muntadhar's reports are moderate and unbiased." Al-Zaidi has also been arrested twice by the United States armed forces in Iraq. In January 2008, al-Zaidi was detained overnight by US troops as they searched his residence. The soldiers later offered him an apology.
Shoe incident.
During a December 14, 2008, press conference at the prime minister's palace in Baghdad, Iraq, al-Zaidi threw both of his shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. The throwing of shoes is an act of extreme disrespect in the Arab culture. "This is a farewell kiss from the Iraqi people, you dog," yelled al-Zaidi in Arabic as he threw his first shoe towards Bush. "This is for the widows and orphans and all those killed in Iraq," he shouted as he threw his second shoe. Bush ducked twice to avoid being hit by the shoes. Prime Minister Maliki also attempted to catch one of the shoes to protect Bush. Al-Zaidi was pulled to the floor by another journalist, before being grabbed by Prime Minister Maliki's guards, kicked, and rushed out of the room. White House spokeswoman Dana Perino was hit in the face by a microphone boom knocked over by a presidential bodyguard resulting in a black eye.
Bush said some Iraqi reporters had apologized to him. "Thanks for apologizing on behalf of the Iraqi people. It doesn't bother me." Bush said, "If you want the facts, it's a size 10 shoe that he threw." When asked about the incident by another reporter, Bush said, "It's a way for people to draw attention. I don't know what the guy's cause was. I didn't feel the least bit threatened by it." When later asked to reflect on the incident, Bush said, "I didn't have much time to reflect on anything, I was ducking and dodging. I'm not angry with the system. I believe that a free society is emerging, and a free society is necessary for our own security and peace," he added. "I don't think that you can take one guy throwing his shoe as representative of the people of Iraq," said White House Press Secretary Dana Perino.
Al-Zaidi was initially held by the prime minister's guards and was later turned over to the Iraqi army's Baghdad command. The command handed him over to the Iraqi judiciary. Hundreds took to the streets to demand his release. Al-Zaidi could have faced charges of insulting a foreign leader and the Iraqi prime minister. A conviction of these charges could have carried a sentence of up to two years in prison or a small fine, although it would have been unlikely to face the maximum penalty given his newfound "cult status" in the Arab world, according to a Middle-East observer. An Iraqi lawyer stated that al-Zaidi was likely to get at least two years in prison if he was prosecuted. Al-Zaidi went before a judge on December 17, 2008. He declined to be represented by Khalil al-Duleimi, who defended the late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein before his execution, and also said he wanted to be represented by an Iraqi lawyer. "I will introduce myself as his lawyer and demand the case be closed and Muntadher be released because he did not commit a crime," said Dheyaa al-Saadi, al-Zaidi's lawyer and head of the Iraqi Bar Association. "He only freely expressed himself to the occupier, and he has such a right according to international law." On December 17, 2008, al-Zaidi appeared privately before a judge from within the Green Zone.
Injuries.
According to witnesses, al-Zaidi was "severely beaten" by security officers after he had been dragged out of the room following the shoe-throwing incident. As the man's screaming could be heard outside, Bush said "That's what people do in a free society, draw attention to themselves." A "large blood trail" could be seen on the carpet where al-Zaidi had been dragged by security agents. Dawa-owned Afaq TV reported that security forces kicked al-Zaidi and beat him. His family reports that it has received many threatening phone calls. The United States Secret Service and the Iraqi Police took custody of al-Zaidi. Al-Zaidi was tested for alcohol and drugs, and his shoes were confiscated as evidence. Al-Zaidi was interrogated by Iraqi and U.S. agents to ascertain whether anyone paid him to throw his shoes at Bush. In an interview with BBC News, al-Zaidi's brother, Durgham al-Zaidi, reported that Muntadhar al-Zaidi suffered a broken hand, broken ribs, internal bleeding, and an eye injury. Durgham al-Zaidi told Al Jazeera that his brother was tortured. Al-Baghdadia TV said that al-Zaidi was "seriously injured" during his detention. Al Sharqiya also points to signs of injury on his thighs and an immobile right arm. However, a different brother, Maitham al-Zaidi, spoke with Muntadhar on the phone and was told: "Thank God I am in good health." On Friday 19 December Dhia al-Kinani, the judge investigating the case, said there were signs al-Zaidi had been beaten; al-Zaidi had bruises on his face and around his eyes. The judge also said al-Zaidi had not yet raised a formal charge relating to his injuries. His lawyer, Dhiya'a al-Sa'adi, has also confirmed that al-Zaidi had been beaten, stating that "there are visible signs of torture on his body".
Reaction.
Following the incident, "The New York Times" reported that Al-Zaidi was embraced around the Arab world. Al-Zaidi found support from his employer, Awn Hussain Al Khashlok, thousands of protesters in Iraq, some Iraqi politicians, people in Syria, a charity in Libya, and from "around 200 lawyers" including some U.S. citizens. Al-Zaidi's action was criticised by the government of Nouri al-Maliki. After the incident the office of Nouri al-Maliki criticised al-Zaidi's action and "demanded" an on-air apology from Al-Baghdadia TV. Al-Baghdadia TV issued a statement demanding al-Zaidi's release:
Al-Baghdadia television demands that the Iraqi authorities immediately release their stringer Muntadhar al-Zaidi, in line with the democracy and freedom of expression that the American authorities promised the Iraqi people on the ousting of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein... Any measures against Muntazer will be considered the acts of a dictatorial regime.
In Tikrit a copper statue of three meters height was dedicated to his action as a monument. It had his shoe's shape and an honouring poem as an inscription. It was designed by Laith al-Amari. The statue was taken down according to police order shortly after erection. Al Zaidi has been named as the world’s third most powerful Arab, in the Arabian Business Power 100 list 2009.
A Lebanese TV station offered Mr al Zaidi a job and gave a promise that his salary payment would have been started since he threw a shoe. Another joke that was soaring amongst Iraqi society is that then Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki should be "called up" to the national football team as a goalkeeper as his attempt of knocking the shoe off was made "masterfully".
In September 2009, London-based artist Pawel Waniewski created ‘Proud Shoes’ in tribute to Muntazer al-Zaidi's ‘shoe flying' incident. Waniewski's tribute to Mr al-Zaidi’s was a 21kg bronze piece of art depicting the thrown shoes, completely gilded in 24 carat gold.
On 3 March 2010, Blancox, a Colombian detergent manufacturer made an advertisement out of the shoe-throwing incident, by replacing the shoes with beautiful bouquets of flowers to signify 'fabric freshness and softness treasured in it'.
International.
Malcolm Smart of Amnesty International said "... the Iraqi authorities have a duty to investigate all allegations of torture or other ill-treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi and to prosecute any persons alleged to be responsible for such abuses. The Iraqi authorities should also disclose his whereabouts, ensure that he is permitted prompt and regular access to legal counsel, his family and to any medical attention he requires, and safeguard him from torture or other ill-treatment," he added.
Reporters Without Borders expressed its "regret that used this method of protest against the politics of the American president". It said that "[al-Zaidi was clearly injured during his arrest" and called for him to be released from custody. It referred to Bush's "relaxed way" of speaking about the incident as a reason for "leniency".
The International Federation of Journalists has said al-Zaidi should be released for humanitarian reasons. "Given the controversy surrounding this incident, we urge the Iraqi security services to guarantee the physical well-being of this journalist, who was clearly injured during his arrest," the statement said. The IFJ said the incident "reflected deep anger at the treatment of Iraqi civilians during US occupation over the past four years of which journalists have been major victims" and that "the journalist might be under threat while in detention "given the record of mistreatment of journalists in custody by US forces."
The Arab Lawyers Union has called for a fair trial for the journalist, with the support of both the Arab League and the Egyptian government. "We urge all human rights organizations and the international society to help save the life of the Iraqi journalist and prevent any physical assault that may target him," union head Sameh Ashour said. Ashour said the union would protect al-Zaidi's life, "which at the moment is under threat."
The Lebanese television channel NTV offered a job to al-Zaidi. NTV said that if al-Zaidi accepted the job offer, that he would be paid "from the moment the first shoe was thrown".
Al-Zaidi's family turned down an invitation by the Venezuelan President to come and live in the Latin American country. "We are grateful to President Hugo Chávez. However we are Iraqis, we live in Iraq," Oudai al-Zaidi said speaking on the behalf of his family.
Former candidate for the President of Pakistan and President of the Pakistan Jurists Association Mian Muhibullah Kakakhel Senior Advocate, Supreme Court of Pakistan said that the action showed how much the international community hates George W. Bush.
On December 15, 2008, al-Zaidi was given a bravery award by Libyan charity group Wa Attassimou. The group urged for al-Zaidi's release.
In Syria, al-Zaidi was "hailed as a hero". The Malaysian Foreign Minister Rais Yatim, praised the incident, calling it the "best show of retaliation so far".
A commentary in the North Korean newspaper "Minju Chosun" said Bush "deserved" the shoe throwing incident as a result of "failed policy in Iraq".
Al-Zaidi has also been offered a six-door Mercedes, had a song written about him, had his incident reconstructed in an Afghan comedy sketch, and been offered the hand of a man's 20-year-old daughter in marriage. The young woman Amal Saad Gumaa said she likes the idea of being attached to a man she finds so honorable.
On December 29, 2008, activists at the Iraqi consulate in Washington, D.C. delivered a petition calling for the release of al-Zaidi. "If he had wanted to hurt George Bush, he would have chosen a different weapon," a member of Code Pink said. "We want the Iraqi government and the world to know that there is a very good sentiment for him to be set free," said Nick Mottern, director of Consumers for Peace.
The shoes.
A Saudi businessman offered US$10 million to buy the shoes thrown by al-Zaidi. There were also calls from throughout the Middle East to place the shoes in an Iraqi museum. The exact manufacturer of the shoes has not been confirmed, but they are believed to be made by a Turkish shoemaker. The shoe, Ducati Model 271, first renamed "The Bush Shoe" and later "The Bye-Bye Bush Shoe", is manufactured by the Baydan Shoe Company in Istanbul. However, a producer in Lebanon suggested that it might have made them instead. Many shoes in Iraq are also made in China. Even so, al-Zaidi's brother insisted that the shoes were made in Baghdad by a highly-reputable firm named Alaa Haddad. On December 18, 2008, Iraqi and American security agents looking for explosives examined and then destroyed the shoes.
Incidents inspired by al-Zaidi.
On December 17, 2008, Queens resident and Amtrak employee Stephen Millies, a protestor at a meeting of the Metropolitan Transit Authority of New York City (MTA), tried to throw his shoe at the CEO of the MTA with the statement, "This shoe is for you!" Millies managed to shake off his left shoe before being stopped and detained by MTA Police.
On December 20, 2008, protesters in the Canadian cities of Montreal and Toronto threw shoes at posters of George Bush in front of their respective U.S. consulates to support Muntadhar al-Zaidi, to demand his immediate release, and to celebrate his gesture. The shoe tosses took place in -24°C weather during protests against the U.S. military occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan, and against Canada's involvement in the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan. At the shoe toss event in Toronto, Ahmed Habib, a refugee from Baghdad, said "We don't think of Muntadhar al-Zaidi as a criminal but, in fact, we think of him as a hero. The only war criminal is George Bush and his buddy Prime Minister Stephen Harper, so shame on the both of them." At the shoe toss event in Montreal, Québec solidaire leader and MNA Amir Khadir threw his shoes at a picture of president Bush and was later criticized and accused of betraying the "dignity and responsibilities of a MNA."
On December 20, 2008, Ukrainian reporter Ihor Dmitriv pelted a Ukrainian politician with a shoe when he became angered by the politician's sexist remarks. Speaking in NATO accession, Oleh Soskin, said NATO membership was more favored by the Ukrainian women as they were "the more intelligent" part of the body politic. Dmitriv said his attack was motivated by the Ukrainian leadership's "craziness" and said "a shoe is going to become a leading means (for common people) to influence their leaders."
The anti-war group Code Pink pelted shoes at an effigy of U.S. president George W. Bush outside the White House on December 17, 2008. Protesters presented their shoes at U.S. Embassies around the world to show their support for al-Zaidi.
On January 12, 2009, Brazilian president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva made fun of the incident and "threatened" to throw his shoes at reporters when visiting Couromoda 2009, a shoes event held in São Paulo.
On January 20, 2009 protesters in the United States shoed an inflatable replica of George W. Bush in replication of al-Zaidi's shoe-throwing incident.
On February 2, 2009, a German protester threw his shoe at Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao as he gave a speech at Cambridge University. The shoe landed on stage a few feet from the premier and the protester was quickly hustled away by security guards.
On February 5, 2009, Israeli Ambassador to Sweden Benny Dagan was hit by a protester's shoe while speaking about the 2009 Gaza War, the shoe throwers reportedly chanted murderer!" and "intifada!".
On March 17, 2009, Canadian protesters in Calgary used shoes as props during their demonstrations, even going so far as to create a "shoe cannon".
The incident has also inspired several online shoe-throwing games, and on the "Late Show with David Letterman", the "Great Moments in Presidential Speeches" segment included flying shoes aimed at other presidents (via digitally-altered stock footage).
On 7 April 2009, Union Home Minister of India P. Chidambaram was shoed by Jarnail Singh, a Sikh journalist during a press conference in Delhi. Singh, who works at the Hindi daily "Dainik Jagaran" was dissatisfied with Chidamabaram's answer to a question on the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI) clean chit to Congress leader Jagdish Tytler on the 1984 anti-Sikh riots.
On 16 April 2009, Indian Leader of Opposition and Prime Ministerial candidate of National Democratic Alliance, L K Advani was shoed by his own party member, Pawas Agarwal, a former district vice-president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Katni Town in Madhya Pradesh.
On 8 October 2009, A single shoe was hurled at Clifford D. May as a protest by a student named Muhammad Hussain who is also the class representative of his class at Karachi University I.R. Dept. Pakistan.
On 4 November 2009, John Howard, the former Australian prime minister, was delivering a speech about leadership in the new century at Cambridge University when an Australian student called him a racist before taking off his boot and throwing it in his direction.
On 23 October 2009, supporters of Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threw their shoes at opposition leader Mehdi Karroubi as he visited Tehran during the 2009 Iranian election protests. A fight broke out between supporters of Ahmadinejad and Karroubi and one of the Ahmadinejad supporters threw a shoe at him, which hit him in the face and resulted in his turban falling off.
In December 2009, al-Zaidi was himself ironically shoed by another Iraqi journalist in Paris, who accused him of "working for dictatorship in Iraq". The incident occurred while al-Zaidi was speaking about his experiences during the Bush shoeing and its aftermath.
In February 2010, a 26-year old Kurd with Syrian citizenship tried to shoe Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Sevilla, the shoes however missed Erdogan. While throwing the shoes the man called "long live free Kurdistan."
On 7 August 2010, Shamim Khan threw a shoe at Asif Ali Zardari, the President Of Pakistan in his address to the Pakistani community at Birmingham. Shamim Khan said that he threw his shoe at him because Pakistan is fighting with the worst flood, and its aftermath, in eighty years and President Zardari was enjoying a week-long trip in Europe instead of being with his people. Shamim Khan is being treated as national hero in Pakistan due to ongoing hatred against President Zardari in Pakistan.
The NBC series "Kings" imitated the shoe throwing incident in the episode "The New King (Part 2)".
On 5 September 2010, Anti-war protesters threw eggs, bottles and shoes at the former British Prime Minister Tony Blair at a book signing event in Dublin, Ireland.
On 11 September 2010, an angry protester threw a shoe at the Greek Prime Minister Giorgos Papandreou just moments after he had left the opening of the Thessaloniki International Trade Fair in Thessaloniki, Greece.
On 25 October 2010, former Australian Prime Minister John Howard dodged shoes thrown at him live on Australian television Q&A from anti-war protester and environmental activist Pete Gray. This is Howard's second experience with a shoe-throwing protester.
Trial.
Al-Zaidi appeared before a judge (not in court but in jail over fears that his injuries could cause anger amongst the public if he was to appear in court) on December 16, 2008, and admitted "aggression against a president." The court decided to keep him in custody. A spokesman for the Iraqi court said that al-Zaidi would face charges of attacking a head of state. Dheyaa al-Saadi, the head of the Iraqi Bar Association and one of its most high-profile attorneys, said that he had volunteered to defend al-Zaidi. Judge Dhiya al-Kenani said the court had refused the journalist's request for bail "for the sake of the investigation and for his own security". According to Abdul Satar Birqadr, spokesman for Iraq's High Judicial Council, al-Zaidi is charged with "assaulting a foreign head of state visiting Iraq."
On December 30, 2008, an Iraqi court said al-Zaidi's trial had been postponed pending an appeal over whether the incident amounted to assault or only insulting a foreign leader. A charge of assault would carry a maximum sentence of 15 years, while charges of insulting a foreign leader carry a maximum sentence of only 3 years. One of al-Zaidi's lawyers said he expected a lengthy trial and a sentence of no less than three years if al-Zaidi is convicted. Dhargham al-Zaidi, said his family would turn to an international court if they found the Iraqi jurisdiction system "biased and unfair." In January 2009, al-Zaidi's lawyers petitioned Swiss authorities for political asylum, arguing that his life is at risk in Iraq.
The trial began before the Central Criminal Court of Iraq on February 20, 2009, which only lasted 90 minutes before being recessed. In testimony before the court, al-Zaidi described his growing frustration as Bush spoke about his victories and achievement at the press conference where the shoe was thrown. As Bush listed the gains made in Iraq during the mid-December news conference, al-Zaidi said he was thinking about the sanctity of mosques being violated, the rape of women, and daily humiliations. Al-Zaidi said Bush's "bloodless and soulless smile" and his joking banter provoked him. "I don't know what accomplishments he was talking about. The accomplishments I could see were the more than 1 million martyrs and a sea of blood. There are more than 5 million Iraqi orphans because of the occupation... More than a million widows and more than 3 million displaced because of the occupation." al-Zaidi said. "I wanted to restore the pride of the Iraqis in any way possible, apart from using weapons." al-Zaidi said he was tortured, beaten and given electric shocks during his interrogation. Supporters who rallied in front of the court said al-Zaidi should be praised for standing up to Bush rather than punished for his actions. The trial resumed briefly on March 12, 2009 after which sentence was imposed.
Sentencing.
On March 12, 2009, al-Zaidi was sentenced to three years of prison for assaulting a foreign leader; under the law he was charged under, he could have faced up to 15 years in prison for assaulting a visiting head of state during an official visit. His lawyers indicated they expect to appeal the sentence. Dhia Al Saadi, the head of Zaidi's defense team and the Iraqi Lawyers Syndicate, argued that "the court sessions should be made public according to the Iraqi penalties law. "This sentence is harsh and is not in harmony with the law, and eventually the defence team will contest this in the appeals court," Dhia Al Saadi further said. Court spokesman Abdul-Sattar Bayrkdar said al-Zaidi received the minimum prison sentence possible under the Saddam Hussein-era law he was charged under and that al-Zaidi could appeal the court's decision.
Upon reading of the sentence, al-Zaidi shouted "long live Iraq." "This judiciary is not just," al-Zaidi's brother Dargham said. Zaidi's sister shouted "Down with Maliki, the agent of the Americans." Zaidi's brother Uday said he scorns "those who say Iraqi justice is independent" and that the "court was set up according to Paul Bremer decisions." Several family members screamed: "It's an American court... sons of dogs." The family said they would not only appeal but also press ahead with plans to bring torture charges against Bush, Maliki and his bodyguards at a human rights court abroad.
A poll of Iraqis suggested 62 percent of Iraqis regarded al-Zaidi as a "national hero". Maha al-Dori, an Iraqi parliament member, said he felt the ruling showed the judges may have been motivated by political concerns. Iraq's Journalistic Freedoms Observatory said "it is now left to wait for a presidential or prime ministerial pardon, because we cannot accept an Iraqi journalist behind bars."
On April 7, 2009, the sentence was reduced to one year from three years. Judge Abdul Sattar al-Beeraqdar, spokesman for Iraq's Higher Judicial Council, said the court reduced al-Zaidi's sentence because he is young and had no previous criminal record. Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki argued al-Zaidi could have faced 15 years in jail or even execution for insulting a visiting head of state.
Release.
Defense attorney Karim al-Shujairi said al-Zaidi would be released on September 14, 2009 after spending nine months in jail, he would be freed early for good behavior. He was released on September 15, 2009 claiming that he had been systematically tortured during his time in jail and one of his front teeth was seen missing. Al-Zaidi said that he had been beaten with electric cables and iron bars and immersed in cold water. On 19 October 2009, while in Switzerland where he expected to have medical treatment for his injuries, he stated, "I suffered a great deal. I still have problems with my teeth, back and other parts of my body where I was tortured." Al-Zaidi also declared, "I am free again, but my homeland is still a prison." On September 15, 2009, al-Zaidi stated "I am not a hero, and I admit that ... I am a person with a stance. I saw my country burning."
Statements following his release.
In an interview which aired on Egypt's Dream 2 TV on June 12, 2010, Al-Zaidi stated that it was because of "Bush's bloodthirsty nature" that the former president visited Haiti following a massive earthquake. Al-Zaidi claimed that "Bush did not go there for the sake of human rights or for the victims. He went there because he missed the smell of blood, and the stench of destruction that he wreaked on Iraq. So he went there to get a whiff of that smell, because he is a sick man."
Regarding the election of Barack Obama as President of the United States, Al-Zaidi stated in the same interview that:
"We have a saying in Iraqi Arabic – and I'm sure the Egyptian brothers living in Iraq know it. "Away goes a white dog, and along comes a black dog." They are the same, except for the color. Away goes a white US president, and along comes a black president. They are no different."
Al-Zaidi humanitarian foundation.
Following his release, al-Zaidi went to Geneva and announced that he had started creating a humanitarian agency/foundation. The aim of the agency would be to "build orphanages, a children's hospital, and medical and orthopaedic centres offering free treatment and manned by Iraqi doctors and medical staff." His lawyer said that al-Zaidi "hopes to surf on the wave of support he has gained to do some good."
Theatre & Film.
Mahesh Bhatt produced a play entitled "The Last Salute", directed by Indian director Arvind Gaur and starring Imran Zahid. It was written by Rajesh Kumar and based on Muntadhar al-Zaidi's book. Pooja Bhatt and Mahesh Bhatt announced the making of a film based on the play.
Notes.
a. Alternative transliterations used in Western media: "Muthathar, Muntadhar, Muntadar, Muntazer, Muthathi"; "al-Zeidi" also transliterated as "Zeidi" is an Arabic name, meaning abundance or growth or "one who progresses and makes other people progress."

</doc>
<doc id="20700773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700773" title="Herman (album)">
Herman (album)

Herman is the second album of the hiphop group 't Hof van Commerce.
Personnel.
't Hof van Commerce:
Guests:

</doc>
<doc id="20700783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700783" title="Frederick Samuel Fish">
Frederick Samuel Fish

Frederick Samuel Fish (8 February 1852–13 August 1936), born in Newark, New Jersey, was an American lawyer, politician and automotive manufacturing executive. Originally a successful corporation lawyer, he entered the Studebaker corporation through marriage and became the corporation's president in 1909 and chairman of the board from 1915 to 1935. He is credited with introducing the manufacture of Studebaker cars, first electric, then gasoline-powered.
Early life.
His parents were the Rev. Henry Clay and Clarissa (Jones) Fish. He attended Newark Academy and entered the University of Rochester, graduating with a B.A. degree in 1873. He then studied law, was admitted to the New Jersey Bar in 1876, and practised in Newark and in New York City from 1876 to 1890.
Political career.
He was city attorney of Newark (1880–1884), a member of the New Jersey General Assembly (1884–85) and a member of the New Jersey Senate from Essex County (1885–1887), serving as president of that body during his last term.
Career with Studebaker Corporation.
In 1891, Fred Fish married Grace, the daughter of John Studebaker and entered the Studebakers' wagon-making firm as a director and general counsel. In 1897, he became chairman of the executive committee. However, he was more than a lawyer—he was an aviation enthusiast, even before the Wright brothers flew at Kitty Hawk. In 1895, he was talking about his ideas for a practical horseless carriage and, in 1897, the firm had an engineer working on a motor vehicle. He can therefore be identified as the first person to initiate production of motor vehicles at the world's largest maker of wagons and carriages at the end of the nineteenth century. In 1919, his son Frederick Studebaker Fish was listed as a Studebaker director in the company history written by president Albert Russel Erskine.

</doc>
<doc id="20700814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700814" title="Sarah Hyland">
Sarah Hyland

Sarah Jane Hyland (born November 24, 1990) is an American actress known for her role as oldest sibling Haley Dunphy on the ABC sitcom "Modern Family".
Early life.
Hyland was born in Manhattan, New York, the daughter of actors Melissa Canaday and Edward James Hyland. She is the older sister of actor Ian Hyland, who is four years younger.
Hyland attended the Professional Performing Arts School in Manhattan alongside Andrea Bowen, Taylor Momsen, Gregory Malek-Jones and Paul Iacono.
Career.
Hyland has been acting since she was five years old, with her first role as Howard Stern's daughter in "Private Parts". She went on in her career to portray such roles as Molly in the 1999 remake of "Annie", and has played Brooke Shields' daughter, Maddie Healy, in "Lipstick Jungle" on NBC. Hyland is featured in an Olive Garden commercial along with actress Molly Culver, and has also appeared on Broadway playing the young Jackie O in "Grey Gardens" the musical.
Hyland currently plays Haley Dunphy on the ABC sitcom "Modern Family", for which she has won a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series, along with the rest of the show's cast.
In 2011, Hyland co-starred with Matt Prokop in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Geek Charming".
In 2012, Hyland appeared in the movie "Struck by Lightning" alongside Chris Colfer.
In September 2012, it was announced that she will be part of a Nintendo 3DS ad campaign. Dianna Agron and Gabby Douglas are part of the campaign as well.
Personal life.
In 2009, Hyland began dating actor Matt Prokop, whom she met while auditioning for "". Hyland and Prokop are currently living together. 
In May 2012, Hyland revealed that she has had a lifetime battle with kidney dysplasia. She had been living with it since she was a young child, but her father found out that he was a kidney match, and donated one of his to her in April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20700817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700817" title="Munsubong">
Munsubong

Munsubong (문수봉; 文殊峰) is the name of two mountains in South Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="20700824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700824" title="Christopher Barton">
Christopher Barton

Christopher "Chris" Bertram Ronald Barton (21 November 1927 - 18 August 2013) was a British rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Barton was born at Celbridge, Kildare, Ireland, the son of Captain Frederick Bertram Barton and Joan Aileen Lecky. He was educated at St. Columba's and Jesus College, Cambridge. In 1948, he was a member of the victorious Cambridge crew in the Boat Race. Most of the Cambridge crew of 1948 also rowed for Leander Club at Henley Royal Regatta. The Leander eight were selected to row for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20700826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700826" title="Michael D. Lockshin">
Michael D. Lockshin

Michael D. Lockshin, M.D., is an American professor and medical researcher. He is a researcher of autoimmune diseases, with focus on antiphospholipid syndrome and lupus. He is currently Professor of Medicine and Obstetrics-Gynecology at the Weill-Cornell University Medical College in New York City. 
Locksin's twin brother, Richard A. Lockshin, is an American cellular biologist known for his work on apoptosis.
Education and training.
Lockshin graduated "cum laude" from Harvard College with an BA in history and literature. He received his MD from Harvard Medical School. Lockshin interned and did his residency at Bellevue Hospital and Memorial Hospital for Cancer and Allied Diseases and his fellowship in Rheumatic Diseases at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center in New York City.
Work.
His long-term research interest is in the clinical aspects of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), pregnancy in rheumatic disease patients, gender and rheumatic disease, and neurological SLE. His research has been supported by grants from NIAMS, the Arthritis Foundation, the SLE Foundation, and private donors throughout his academic career. 
He is director of the Barbara Volcker Center for Women and Rheumatic Disease and co-director of the Mary Kirkland Center for Lupus Research at the Hospital for Special Surgery. 
Locksin served as editor-in-chief of "Arthritis & Rheumatism" for five years. He has also served on the editorial board of the "Journal of Rheumatology", and as a reviewer for the "New England Journal of Medicine", the "Journal of Clinical Investigation", and the "Journal of Immunology".
Lockshin has held senior management positions at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland. He served first as director of the Extramural Program of the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIAMS) and then as acting director of the Institute. This Institute is responsible for U.S. government research funding in the fields of rheumatology and dermatology. He also served as Senior Advisor to the Director at the NIH's Warren G. Magnuson Clinical Center.
Honors.
Lockshin received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the New York Arthritis Foundation in 2008. He was named a master of the American College of Rheumatology in 2003 and a Research Hero of the Arthritis Foundation in 2001. He is an honorary faculty member of Alpha Omega Alpha.
Committee membership.
He has served on numerous study sections and "ad hoc" committees for the National Institutes of Health, the Veterans' Administration, the Canadian Arthritis and Rheumatism Society, the Canadian Medical Research Council, the SLE Foundation, among others.
Scientific publications.
RELEVANT PEER-REVIEWED PUBLICATIONS (selected 2005–present, of 200+ total, includes reviews)

</doc>
<doc id="20700840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700840" title="List of Galatasaray S.K. footballers">
List of Galatasaray S.K. footballers

The following is a list of Galatasaray S.K footballers based in Istanbul, Turkey.
List of players.
Table headers

</doc>
<doc id="20700841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700841" title="Atlantic Music Festival">
Atlantic Music Festival

The Atlantic Music Festival (AMF) is a classical music festival held every summer in Waterville, Maine, USA. During the month-long event, the festival presents internationally renowned artists as well as performances by resident orchestra and its members. In 2012, Colby College will hosted the event, from July 9 to August 5.
The mission of the Atlantic Music Festival is to showcase independence and originality in the American musical performance arena. The event allows hundreds of emerging artists to gather in recognition of the work of both past and present musical masters.

</doc>
<doc id="20700842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700842" title="Beaudley">
Beaudley

-Beaudley is a historic home located at Tyaskin, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It was built about 1795, and consists of a -story, side-hall, Flemish bond brick-ended frame house with a gable roof. A single-story hyphen joins a slightly taller single-story early-19th-century kitchen to the main house. Attached to the house is a two-story, one-room frame addition erected around 1850. Also on the property are several small outbuildings and a Walter family cemetery.
Beaudley was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20700849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700849" title="Michael Lapage">
Michael Lapage

Michael Clement Lapage (born 15 November 1923) is a former missionary and English rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Lapage was born at Shaftesbury, Dorset, the son of Reginald H. Lapage, vicar of Shaftesbury, and his wife Dora Ehlvers. He was educated at Monkton Combe School where he was a contemporary of fellow Olympic rower Alfred Mellows. During World War II Lapage saw service as a Fleet Air Arm pilot in the Pacific.
After the war Lapage was at Cambridge University and was a member of the winning Cambridge boat in the 1948 Boat Race. In 1948 he was a crew member of the British boat which won the silver medal rowing at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the men's eights. At the 1950 British Empire Games he won the bronze medal as part of the English boat in the eights competition. 
Lapage became a Christian missionary and was ordained in Kenya in 1961. On 19 May 2012 he carried the Olympic torch in the relay for the 2012 Olympic Games, in St Austell, Cornwall. 

</doc>
<doc id="20700852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700852" title="Grey Gardens (2009 film)">
Grey Gardens (2009 film)

Grey Gardens is an HBO film about the lives of Edith Bouvier Beale/"Little Edie", played by Drew Barrymore, and her mother Edith Ewing Bouvier/"Big Edie", played by Jessica Lange. Co-stars include Jeanne Tripplehorn as Jacqueline Kennedy (Little Edie's cousin) and Ken Howard as Phelan Beale (Little Edie's father). The film, directed by Michael Sucsy and co-written by Sucsy and Patricia Rozema, flashes back and forth between various events and dates ranging from Little Edie as a young débutante in 1936 moving with her mother to their Grey Gardens estate through the filming and premiere of the actual 1975 documentary "Grey Gardens".
Filming for the HBO film began on October 22, 2007 in Toronto. It first aired on HBO on April 18, 2009.
The film won the 2009 Television Critics Association award for Outstanding Achievement Movies, Miniseries, and Specials. It was also nominated for 17 Primetime Emmy Awards, winning Outstanding Made for Television Movie, Lead Actress in a Miniseries or Movie (Lange) and Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie (Howard). It was also nominated for 3 Golden Globe Awards, winning Best Made for Television Movie and Best Actress in a Made for Television Movie (Barrymore). Lange was nominated in the same category, but lost to Barrymore.
Plot.
The film is based on the life stories of the eccentric paternal aunt and first cousin of Jackie Kennedy, both named Edith Bouvier Beale. The elder Edith Bouvier Beale was the sister of Jackie Kennedy's father John Vernou Bouvier III and was referred to as "Big Edie", her daughter was referred to as "Little Edie". The Beale women were members of NYC high society, but in their later years, withdrew from the New York City life, taking shelter at their Long Island summer home/estate Grey Gardens.
Phelan Beale (husband of "Big Edie" and father of "Little Edie"), eventually divorced "Big Edie." "Little Edie" decides to move to New York to pursue a career in acting (as well as an ill-fated romance with a high-profile married man). "Little Edie" sadly and slowly realizes her fate is to remain her mother's companion at Grey Gardens. The two women become reclusive and known around town as the highly eccentric proprietors of Grey Gardens, which has become decrepit and full of stray animals taken in by the Beale women. It includes the filming of the documentary "Grey Gardens" by Albert and David Maysles and events in the Beales' past including their arrival at the estate, the disintegration of Big Edie's marriage, Little Edie's failed attempts to have her own life, and events subsequent to the premiere of the documentary.
The movie ends with Little Edie singing "Tea for Two" at the Reno Sweeney cabaret in Greenwich Village, and the quote, "My mother gave me a truly priceless life."
Production.
Michael Sucsy said that he used primary sources to flesh out the story including letters and journals kept by Little Edie. He also interviewed family members and friends including Lois Wright who lived in the house and wrote her own book about the events. Albert Maysles is credited as a source in the movie. Sucsy said that the house facade as well as the interior were created from blueprints. Sucsy said that an aerial shot of the house circa 1936 was historically accurate on the placement of the house in relation to other mansions in East Hampton at the time (although requiring CGI enhancements to create the illusion). As with many movies based on historical events, some events in the Beales' lives, such as the timing of Big Edie and Phelan's divorce, were shifted to make a more coherent story.
The entire film was shot in Ontario with most of the shots in metropolitan Toronto. The Valley Halla Estate in Rouge Park was the setting of exterior shots of Grey Gardens. Water front shots were on Centre Island in the Toronto Islands. Hotel shots were at the Fairmont Royal York. Studio work was done at Toronto Film Studios.
The aerial shot of The Pierre was licensed from "An Affair to Remember".
Post production was done in New York and Los Angeles. The DVD commentary was done in the same studio where the Maysles mixed the original documentary.
Reception.
Critical response.
The movie since released has been lauded by many critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 100% out of 10 professional critics gave the film a positive review. Ben Lyons from "At the Movies" raved, "Drew Barrymore is fantastic in this film." Rolling Stone critic Peter Travers also raved "The script hits a few bumps, but Jessica Lange and Drew Barrymore are magnificent as the bizarro Beales. Barrymore is a revelation. Aging into her 60s and transformed in voice and bearing, she finds Edie's unquenchable spirit. Brava."
Awards and nominations.
The film received a Golden Globe for Best Miniseries or Motion Picture Made for Television, while Drew Barrymore received a Golden Globe for her role as Little Edie. Jessica Lange was also nominated for a Golden Globe for her role as Big Edie.
Drew Barrymore received a SAG Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries for her role as Little Edie. Jessica Lange was also nominated in the same category.
The film won the 2009 Television Critics Association award for Outstanding Achievement Movies, Miniseries, and Specials.
The film's 17 Primetime Emmy Award nominations in 2009 for the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards, including three for Sucsy, tied the all-time nomination record for Outstanding Made for Television Movies:
As well as:
Soundtrack.
The Academy Award-winning composer Rachel Portman provided the film score. In addition to Prague Philharmonic Orchestra, the album includes vocal performances by the movie's lead actresses, Jessica Lange (on "We Belong Together" and "I Won't Dance" sung with Malcolm Gets) and Drew Barrymore (on "Tea for Two").

</doc>
<doc id="20700865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700865" title="Paul-Émile de Souza">
Paul-Émile de Souza

Colonel Paul-Émile de Souza (1930 – June 17, 1999) was a Beninese army officer and political figure. He was chairman of the Directory of Dahomey from December 13, 1969 to May 7, 1970.
Military career.
In 1966, de Souza was selected as vice president of the Comite de Renovation Nationale, as well as being one of the three officers on the Comite. It had very few functions other than to advise Christophe Soglo and was abolished on April 6, 1967. When Soglo was overthrown later that year, de Souza was chosen as Emile Derlin Zinsou's Director of Military Affairs. For the most part de Souza tried to stay out of politics if he could and led the parachutist unit at Ouidah.
Chairmanship.
On December 10, 1969, Émile Derlin Zinsou was overthrown by Maurice Kouandété, though the military did not recognize the latter. de Souza was briefly put under house arrest in the aftermath. Since the two men could not end their quarrels, a Military Directorate was established with de Souza as its chairman, Kouandete a member, and Col. Benoit Sinzogan of the Gendarmie occupying the third seat. An election was held on March 28, 1970 to determine the true president. It was marked by a series of violent outbursts; unvalidated reports state that six people were killed were wounded at incidents in Parakou on the eve of the elections. Former presidents Hubert Maga, Sourou-Migan Apithy, and Justin Ahomadégbé-Tomêtin received a majority of the vote in the north, southeast, and southwest/central, respectively.
de Souza decided to nullify the results from Atakora, the region where Maga received the most votes. Outraged, Maga threatened to secede unless he was declared President. Apithy stated that he would convince his region to join Nigeria if Maga took the presidency. The three former Presidents agreed to a hasty compromise to prevent a civil war. A presidential council, comprising Maga, Ahomadégbé-Tomêtin, and Apithy, with a presidency that changed every two years, was set up on May 7. Maga inaugurated this system for the first two years, before passing the power, on May 7, 1972, to Ahomadégbé-Tomêtin.
Later life.
The colonel returned to his role as Chief of Staff of the Dahomeyan Army.
Kouandété attempted to usurp to power again on February 23, 1972. Leading the Ouidah garrison, he also attempted to take over government buildings and murder de Souza. Over the course of the operation, assailant Major Moumouni was mortally wounded by de Souza's bullets. de Souza, meanwhile, escaped with only a slight injury. The plot was foiled, although Maga cancelled a visit to France to attend the matter at hand. Kouandété received the death penalty for his role in the attack.
When Mathieu Kérékou seized power in October 1972, de Souza was dismissed from the army. He was appointed commissioner of the national Agricultural Credit Bank (SOCAD). He died on June 17, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20700875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700875" title="Guy Richardson">
Guy Richardson

Guy Colquhoun Richardson (8 September 1921 – 27 October 1965) was a British rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Richardson was born at Guildford, Surrey; he was the son of Alexander Richardson, an army officer and Olympic medalist, and his wife Agnes Thackeray. He was at Cambridge University and in 1947 and 1948, he was a member of the victorious Cambridge crews in the Boat Races. Most of the Cambridge crew of 1948 also rowed for Leander Club at Henley Royal Regatta. The Leander eight were selected to row for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20700880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700880" title="Your Love Amazes Me">
Your Love Amazes Me

"Your Love Amazes Me" is the title of a song written by Amanda Hunt-Taylor and Chuck Jones, and recorded by American country music singer John Berry. It was released in January 1994 as the third single from the album "John Berry". It is his only Number One single on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It was also the first of two Number Ones for him on the "RPM" Country Tracks charts. A cover version was released in 1996 by pop singer Michael English. Andy Childs also recorded it on his 1993 self-titled album and released it as the B-side to his 1993 single "Broken."
Critical reception.
Larry Flick, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that it is "a nice showcase for Berry's unique, country/soul voice." He goes on to call it a "heartfelt performance."
Music video.
The music video was directed by John Lloyd Miller and premiered in early 1994.
Chart positions.
John Berry.
"Your Love Amazes Me" debuted at number 67 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of February 12, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20700894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700894" title="Paul Bircher">
Paul Bircher

Ernest Augustus Paul Bircher (born 11 December 1928) is an English former rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Bircher was born at Kensington, London. He was educated at Radley College and Christ's College, Cambridge and in 1948, he was a member of the victorious Cambridge crew in the Boat Race. Most of the Cambridge crew of 1948 also rowed for Leander Club at Henley Royal Regatta. The Leander eight were selected to row for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal. Bircher was in the winning Cambridge crews in the 1949 and 1950 Boat Races. In 1953 he was a member of the Leander Club crew which won the Grand Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta. 

</doc>
<doc id="20700895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700895" title="Resistance distance (mechanics)">
Resistance distance (mechanics)


</doc>
<doc id="20700907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700907" title="Bennett's Adventure">
Bennett's Adventure

Bennett's Adventure is a historic home located at Allen, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story gambrel-roofed brick house. It has a two-room plan with central hall. The house is associated with Richard Bennett, one of the governors of the Virginia colony, and with the prominent Dashiell family of Maryland.
Bennett's Adventure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20700922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700922" title="Arcadian Azania">
Arcadian Azania

Arcadian Azania () was one of the subdivisions in ancient Arcadia along with Parrhasia and Lycaonia.
Ancient Azania was in an area that are now the area of Kalavryta, Achaea and Feneos, western Corinthia. It was inhabited by the roots of the Azanians, different from the Arcadian and was named after an elder Azanas.
Azanas was divided into five city states, Kleitor, Kynaithe, Psophis, Pheneus and Thelpusa. According to mythology, the Arcadians arrived and settled within years, with the leader Arcas, son of Lycaon, displaced with its older inhabitants, the Pelasgians. Arcas fated the village in the children of "Azanas", "Alpheus" and "Elatus". The area which was taken by Azanas was named from the name "Azania". Strabo which mentioned the Azanias as an independent people from the Arcadians and the older Greek traits.
The King of the Arcadians from the traits of Azanias was Kleitor, leader and settler of the city named after him.
Cities.
Cities of Arcadian Azania included:

</doc>
<doc id="20700924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700924" title="Paul Massey">
Paul Massey

Paul Mackintosh Orgill Massey (12 March 1926 – 21 October 2009) was a British rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1948 Massey was a crew member of the British boat which won the silver medal in the eights. Four years later he finished fourth with the British boat in the coxed fours competition. In 1949 and 1950, he was a member of the victorious Cambridge crew in the Boat Race.
He has a mountain, Massey Heights, named after him in Antarctica and he was Master of the Worshipful Company of Grocers.

</doc>
<doc id="20700937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700937" title="Justice Williams">
Justice Williams

Justice Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20700952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700952" title="Charles Lloyd (rower)">
Charles Lloyd (rower)

Charles Brian Murray Lloyd (11 March 1927 - 19 July 1995) was an English rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Lloyd was born at Richmond, London and attended the Shore School and St John's College, Cambridge where he rowed for Lady Margaret Boat Club. In 1948 most of the victorious Cambridge crew of the Boat Race also rowed for Leander Club at Henley Royal Regatta and the Leander eight were then selected to row for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Lloyd was one of the replacements for Cambridge men who were ineligible for the Great Britain team. Great Britain went on to win the silver medal.
Lloyd was in the winning Cambridge crews in the 1949, 1950 and 1951 Boat Races. In 1949 he was in the Lady Margaret crew which won the Ladies' Challenge Plate at Henley Royal Regatta in record time. In 1951 he won Silver Goblets partnering James Crowden and stroked the Lady Margaret crew which won the Grand Challenge Cup. He was President of Cambridge University Boat Club in 1951 and took the Cambridge crew to the United States where they were undefeated. He also won a bronze medal in the European Championships in 1951. In 1952 he captained the Leander Club crew which won the Grand Challenge Cup at Henley, and went on to compete as the British boat which finished fourth in the eights competition in Helsinki.
Lloyd was a shipbroker. He died after a long illness in Surrey at the age of 68.

</doc>
<doc id="20700983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20700983" title="Lixivaptan">
Lixivaptan

Lixivaptan (VPA-985) is a phase III pharmaceutical being developed by Cardiokine, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company based in Philadelphia, PA, focused on the development of pharmaceuticals for the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular diseases. Lixivaptan is, as of May 2010, in Phase III clinical trials involving patients with hyponatremia, including those with concomitant heart failure. Hyponatremia is an electrolyte disturbance in which the sodium concentration in the serum is lower than normal. Lixivaptan may help some patients eliminate excess fluids while retaining electrolytes.
Chemistry.
Lixivaptan is synthesized as follows:
Mechanism of action.
Lixivaptan is a potent, non-peptide, selective vasopressin 2 receptor antagonist. The oral capsule works by reducing the action of the hormone vasopressin that blocks fluid excretion. Lixivaptan acts by blocking vasopressin, an anti-diuretic hormone that causes the kidneys to retain water. When the body needs to remain hydrated under certain conditions, vasopressin can have protective effects. But an excess of vasopressin is counterproductive in a body retaining too much fluid. The drug shows promise in treating heart failure in patients with hyponatremia.
THE BALANCE study.
In February 2008, Cardiokine and its worldwide partner, Biogen Idec, initiated THE BALANCE (Treatment of HyponatrEmia BAsed on LixivAptan in N Yha class III/IV Cardiac patient Evaluation) study.
THE BALANCE study is a 650-patient Phase III, global, multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, study of lixivaptan for hyponatremia in patients with heart failure. The primary objective is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of lixivaptan, when compared to the placebo, in increasing serum sodium from baseline in heart failure patients with hyponatremia.
Previous studies.
In previous studies, lixivaptan improved blood sodium levels, lowered body weight and increased urine volume. Those studies suggest that lixivaptan may play an important role in treating hyponatremia and the signs and symptoms of water retention associated with heart failure, Syndrome of Inappropriate Anti-Diuretic Hormone(SIADH), and Liver Cirrhosis with Ascites (LCWA). In clinical trials involving patients with water volume overload, lixivaptan resulted in correction of hyponatremia together with marked aquaresis.
Vaptans.
The vasopressin receptor antagonists, dubbed vaptans, target the vasopressin hormonal feedback system. Vasopressin, also called the anti-diuretic hormone or ADH, is an important part of regulation in the circulatory system and is integral to the balance of water in the body. As a fundamental part of hormonal control in the body, it is implicated in many different conditions. Vaptans can be administered orally or intravenously. They work by competing for the active sites on cells meant for vasopressin binding—in this way, the vasopressin is blocked from acting, which earns the title of vasopressing antagonists.

</doc>
<doc id="20701014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701014" title="Hunter's Run">
Hunter's Run

"Hunter's Run" is a 2007 science fiction novel written by Daniel Abraham, Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin. It is a heavily-rewritten and expanded version of an earlier novella called "Shadow Twin".
Plot summary.
On the colony planet of São Paulo, a man named Ramon Espejo kills a man in a fight outside a bar over a woman. It transpires the man was a diplomat, and Espejo decides to lie low in the wilderness in the north of the planet's major continent. Whilst in hiding he accidentally discovers an alien installation. The suspicious aliens capture him and render him unconscious. When Ramon wakes up, he learns that another man had followed him into the alien hideout, but has since escaped, presumably to reveal the existence of the aliens to the rest of the colony. The aliens do not want this and thereby enslave Ramon using highly advanced technology, deciding that since he is human, he can be used to track down and find the other intruder. Ramon at first tries to stall and help his "prey" but his plans are ruined by his captor Maneck, whom he eventually gets to know a little better, during their travels together. Ramon realizes that the aliens are not evil or fundamentally incomprehensible, only culturally different. He then learns a few things about the race and accordingly, begins to question some aspects of his own life. Eventually though, it is revealed to him that the man they are chasing after is actually the "real" Ramon and that he (the man who is kept prisoner by Maneck) is actually an artificial clone made by the aliens. There never was any other man who broke into the installation, it was Ramon who has escaped. Now disheartened, the clone-Ramon manages to escape by tricking his alien keeper and eventually meets up with his original. The original Ramon does not recognize him, since the clone is considerably younger and in better shape. After traveling together for some time, the clone realizes with a start that he does not actually like the person that he is (or was) very much: the original has never met Maneck or gotten to know the aliens and thus has never had time to ponder about some of the questions the clone has started to struggle with. After the real Ramon finally sees that he is traveling with a man who bears uncanny resemblance to him, the clone kills his original in an act of desperation and then, assuming his (former?) identity, takes up a new life as his old self in the capital. The novel ends with him deciding to go back, make peace and reach out to the aliens in an attempt to use their knowledge of the planet's mineral wealth to enrich him. The story ends before we learn their response to this offer.
Writing process.
The text of the novel is followed by a section explaining how the book was written and re-written over a period of thirty years, including an interview with all three authors and how they conceived the ideas for the book.
In 1976 science fiction author and editor Gardner Dozois conceived of a story beginning with a man floating in darkness. Dozois conceived of Ramon's name, ethnicity (feeling that Hispanic protagonists were under-represented in science fiction) and his basic situation, but the story did not proceed far. The following year, whilst working as a guest instructor at a Catholic women's college at the invitation of his friend and colleague George R. R. Martin, Dozois read the story out loud. Martin thought the story was interesting and waited for Dozois to finish it, but Dozois found himself unable to do so. In 1981 Dozois suggested that Martin continue the story instead, which he did, bringing the story to the beginning of the chase sequence. Martin hit on the idea of expanding the story to a 500-page novel exploring the eco-system of São Paulo and drew thematic similarities between Ramon and his alien keeper Maneck to Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer journeying down the Mississippi.
Having written the story until he stalled in 1982, Martin handed the story back to Dozois, suggesting they alternate working on it until it was done. However, Dozois was unable to come up with any ideas on how to proceed and the book remained in his desk drawer until 2002, when he and Martin decided to bring the story to the attention of a third author, Daniel Abraham. Abraham finished the story off and it was published as "Shadow Twin" as a small-press novella in 2004. Dozois then went back and reworked the manuscript into a 380-page novel, renamed "Hunter's Run", for publication in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20701022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701022" title="John Meyrick">
John Meyrick

Sir David John Charlton Meyrick, 4th Baronet (2 December 1926 – 6 February 2004) was a British agriculturalist and rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Meyrick was born in Towcester, Northamptonshire, the eldest son of Colonel Sir Thomas Meyrick, 3rd Baronet, and his wife Ivy (née Pilkington). He was educated at Eton, where he was an excellent rower, and at Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He rowed for Trinity Hall in the Head of the River race. In 1947 and 1948, he was a member of the victorious Cambridge crews in the Boat Races. Most of the Cambridge crew of 1948 also rowed for Leander Club and Meyrick stroked the eight at Henley Royal Regatta. The Leander eight were selected to row for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics and won the silver medal.
After university, Meyrick became resident land agent on the Earl of Coventry's Croome Estate in Worcestershire. Seven years later he moved to Pembrokeshire and began farming. The family had lived in Pembrokeshire since the 16th century. He succeeded in the baronetcy on the death of his father in 1983 and inherited the family home at Gumfreston. 
He was on the Council of the Royal Agricultural Society, as the South Wales representative, a steward at the Royal Show at Stoneleigh, and a member of the National Farmers Union and the Country Landowners' and Rural Business Association in Pembrokeshire.
Meyrick suffered a stroke at the age of 60 and died at Pembroke at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="20701024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701024" title="Balmoral Reef Plate">
Balmoral Reef Plate

The Balmoral Reef Plate is a small tectonic plate (microplate) located in the south Pacific north of Fiji. Clockwise from the north, it borders the Pacific Plate, Australian Plate, Conway Reef Plate, and the New Hebrides Plate. The northern and western borders are a divergent boundary while the rest of the borders are transform and convergent boundaries.

</doc>
<doc id="20701030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701030" title="Al Smith (basketball)">
Al Smith (basketball)

Alan Richard "Al" Smith (born January 15, 1947) is a retired basketball player who played for five seasons in the American Basketball Association. A point guard during his career, he played for the Denver Rockets and Utah Stars and once led the ABA in assists in a season.
Early life.
Smith was born in Peoria, Illinois. He also attended Manual High School in Peoria. Smith played basketball, football, and baseball at Manual, earning All-State honors in all three sports. His baseball skill was such that the Chicago White Sox drafted him in the 7th round of the inaugural Major League Baseball Draft in 1965. Instead of signing with the White Sox, he opted to attend college.
He was given offers to attend USC and Notre Dame, but he chose to attend Bradley University as a basketball and baseball player. Smith spent four years at Bradley, though his time in college was interrupted by a two-year stint in the United States Army. As a college basketball player, he scored over 1,000 points for Bradley and was named first team All-Missouri Valley Conference in 1971 during his senior season. His college success was honored in 2004 when he was selected to Bradley's All-Century team.
Denver Rockets.
In 1971, Smith was drafted by the National Basketball Association's Chicago Bulls in the 11th round of the NBA Draft; previously, he was also drafted by the Bulls in the 10th round of the 1969 draft. He was also a 4th round draft pick of the American Basketball Association's Denver Rockets (now the NBA's Nuggets) in a separate draft. Smith chose to sign with the Rockets, and he would go on to play for the club for three seasons. In his first season, he served as the backup to point guard Larry Brown while averaging nine points and three assists per game.
Smith became the Rockets' regular point guard during the 1972–1973 season after Brown took a job as head coach. He scored a career-best eleven-plus points per game in his second season, while averaging five-and-a-half assists per game. His scoring decreased slightly in the 1973–1974 season but he went on to average eight assists per game, and would lead the ABA in assists.
Utah Stars.
Before the 1974–1975 season, Smith was traded to the Utah Stars in exchange for a draft pick and cash. In his first season with the Stars, he averaged a career-low eight points per game, while also averaging four-and-a-half assists per contest.
His second season with the Stars lasted only fifteen games before the Stars folded in December. A persistent knee injury eventually ended his career after five seasons. He retired having scored over 3,200 points and having dished out over 1,700 assists.
Post-basketball life.
Smith went on to become a social worker in Denver, also working at a cable television supply company. For a year-and-a-half, he served as an assistant head coach at Manual High School, helping lead the school to two state championships. As of 2007, Smith was working in Paterson, New Jersey, as a school counselor.

</doc>
<doc id="20701033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701033" title="The Gigolo">
The Gigolo

The Gigolo is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1966. It was recorded on June 25 & July 1, 1965 and features performances by Morgan with a quintet featuring Wayne Shorter, Harold Mabern, Bob Cranshaw and Billy Higgins.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "There are no weak selections on this set and the playing by the leader, Wayne Shorter on tenor, pianist Harold Mabern, bassist Bob Cranshaw, and drummer Billy Higgins is beyond any serious criticism. ".
Track listing.
"Recorded on June 25 (#2) and July 1 (all others), 1965."

</doc>
<doc id="20701058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701058" title="Alfred Mellows">
Alfred Mellows

Alfred Paul Mellows DFC (8 June 1922 – 11 July 1997) was an English rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Mellows was born in Croydon, the son of Alfred John Mellows and his wife Edith Dean. He was educated at Monkton Combe School and at Cambridge University, and was a contemporary of fellow Olympic rower Michael Lapage at both places. He was bowman in the winning Cambridge boat in the 1947 Boat Race and took the same position with the record-breaking Cambridge crew in the 1948 race. In 1948, he was a crew member of the British boat which won the silver medal rowing at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the men's eights.
Mellows died at Addlestone, Surrey at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="20701073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701073" title="Gillis-Grier House">
Gillis-Grier House

The Gillis-Grier House is a historic home located at Salisbury, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Queen Anne style frame house built in 1887 by James Cannon. The house has gable-front elevations on three sides, a three-story octagonal tower, and a shorter -story service wing. Also on the property is a frame -story stable, now used as a garage. It is one of the dwellings that define Salisbury's Newtown neighborhood and named after the two inter-related families that held title to the property between 1896 and 1975.
The Gillis-Grier House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20701094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701094" title="Shiroi Yuki">
Shiroi Yuki


</doc>
<doc id="20701113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701113" title="Monsteroideae">
Monsteroideae

Monsteroideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It contains 10 different genera: "Alloschemone", "Amydrium", "Anadendrum", "Epipremnum", "Heteropsis", "Holochlamys", "Monstera", "Rhaphidophora", "Rhodospatha", "Scindapsus", "Spathiphyllum", and "Stenospermation". The subfamily is notable for having many trichosclereids in the vegetative and floral parts of the plants, but rarely in the roots.

</doc>
<doc id="20701125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701125" title="Matee Ajavon">
Matee Ajavon

Matee Ajavon (born May 7, 1986) is a Liberian American player in the WNBA for the Washington Mystics. A 5'8" guard, Ajavon was chosen by the Houston Comets as the fifth overall draft pick in the 2008 WNBA Draft.
Early life.
As a child, Ajavon immigrated to the United States with her family from Monrovia, Liberia.
High school.
Ajavon graduated from Malcolm X Shabazz High School in Newark, New Jersey. She led the Shabazz girls' basketball team to victory in the State of New Jersey's "Tournament of Champions" in both 2003 and 2004, the first time a school had repeated as champion. Ajavon was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2004 WBCA High School All-America Game, where she scored nine points.
College.
Ajavon graduated from Rutgers University in 2008, having majored in Africana Studies. She was a key member of the 2006–2007 Scarlet Knights women's basketball team that reached the NCAA Championship game.
USA Basketball.
Ajavon played for the USA team in the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The team won all five games, earning the Gold Medal for the event.
Professional.
Ajavon played primarily off the bench during her rookie WNBA season, but averaged 8.0 points per game. When the Houston Comets folded in 2008, Ajavon was selected second in the dispersal draft by the Washington Mystics.
During the 2008–2010 WNBA offseason, Ajavon played in the EuroLeague Women for Fenerbahçe Istanbul.
In her first season with Washington, Ajavon put up remarkably similar numbers to her first WNBA campaign. Again mainly playing as a reserve, she scored 8.0 points per game. Ajavon helped the Mystics reach the playoffs, where she played well, scoring 19 points in just 34 total minutes, but Washington suffered a two-game sweep at the hands of the Indiana Fever.

</doc>
<doc id="20701128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701128" title="KBRH">
KBRH

KBRH (1260 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Urban Oldies format. Licensed to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA, the station serves the greater Baton Rouge area. The station is currently owned by East Baton Rouge Parish School Board.
History.
The station was assigned call sign WTKL on 1979-05-16. On 1993-09-10, the station changed its call sign to the current KBRH. 

</doc>
<doc id="20701131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701131" title="Jack Dearlove">
Jack Dearlove

Jack Gilroy Dearlove (5 June 1911 – 11 July 1967) was an English rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
In 1948 he was the coxswain of the British boat which won the silver medal in the eights.
At the 1950 Empire Games he won the bronze medal as cox of the English boat in the eights competition.
His son Richard Dearlove became head of MI6 and then Master of Pembroke College, Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20701158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701158" title="Honeysuckle Lodge">
Honeysuckle Lodge

Honeysuckle Lodge is a historic home located at Salisbury, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story eclectic frame dwelling built in stages during the first half of the 20th century. The home has a Colonial Revival style. Also on the property is a 1-story, frame guest house built around 1940. The asbestos-shingled frame structure is supported by a continuous brick foundation, and the medium-sloped gable roof is covered with asphalt shingles. The yard is planted with mature trees and shrubs.
Honeysuckle Lodge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20701171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701171" title="Armor Games">
Armor Games

Armor Games, formerly Games Of Gondor, is a website based in Irvine, California, that hosts free Flash-based browser games. Armor Games was founded by Daniel McNeely. Under its former name, it hosted "The Lord of the Rings"-themed content, such as the games "Hob the Hobbit", "Battle for Gondor", and "Orc Slayer". The site has since hosted a variety of games across many genres, such as puzzles, shooters, action/adventure games, and strategy games.
In addition to hosting other developers' games, the site's staff creates free Flash games in-house. ConArtists is another popular game designer with games such as "Warfare 1917" and "The Last Stand". Game developers can create Flash games and get them sponsored by the site. Armor Games also has a diverse gaming system and has started to make MMO games.

</doc>
<doc id="20701178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701178" title="Swedish Ski Team">
Swedish Ski Team

Swedish Ski Team may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20701179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701179" title="Hulme Hall, Manchester">
Hulme Hall, Manchester

Hulme Hall is a university hall of residence in Victoria Park (Manchester, England), housing approximately 300 students from the University of Manchester. The facilities are located in Rusholme roughly 1.5 miles south of Manchester city centre, and include a purpose-built lecture theatre with 300 seats (John Hartshorne Centre), the Old Dining Hall, the Library, the Chapel, the Senior Common Room and the Seminar Room. It is a Grade II listed building. (It should not be confused with the historic Hulme Hall in Hulme, Manchester; it was sited on the right bank of the River Irwell but has been demolished.)
The hall is one of the oldest in Manchester: it was originally founded in association with Owens College. Houldsworth Hall, part of the Hulme Hall complex of buildings, was constructed in 1907 (Edwardian), whereas most of the local buildings are Victorian, for example the Anglican parish church (St John Chrysostom) which was built in 1874 - 1877. Local student attractions include the Whitworth Art Gallery and the Curry Mile on Wilmslow Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20701266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701266" title="The Rumproller">
The Rumproller

The Rumproller is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded mainly on April 21, 1965 and features performances by Morgan with Joe Henderson, Ronnie Mathews, Victor Sproles, and Billy Higgins.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "This album is worth picking up but it is not essential. ".
Track listing.
Bonus track on CD reissue:

</doc>
<doc id="20701297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701297" title="Ned Skeldon">
Ned Skeldon

Edward J. "Ned" Skeldon was a Toledo local politician remembered for his promotion of baseball in the fourth most populous city in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Biography.
Politics.
Ned Skeldon was a longtime advocate for Toledo and Northwest Ohio. A life long resident of the area who attended Central Catholic High School, save military service and working for Toledo interests in Washington D.C.. Skeldon entered local politics by winning the vice mayor position and later served four terms as the county commissioner. Skeldon also fought to clean up the Maumee Valley Country Day School, heading the Clear Water Inc. and serving as vice chairman of Ohio Water Development Authority, groups advocating environmental cleanup of the Maumee River and Northwest Ohio.
Baseball.
For nine years, Toledo was without a minor league baseball franchise, the longest such period in the then seventy year history of Toledo baseball. One man was determined to end that drought as soon as possible, Edward J. "Ned" Skeldon. In the early 1960s, Skeldon proposed that the racetrack at the county fairgrounds be converted into a baseball park and set out to build a committee that would help him to accomplish it. The committee that was created to bring baseball back to Toledo was made up of area businessmen and civic leaders. The group included Toledo Trust's president Henry Morse and his vice Steve Stranahan, Monsignor Jerome Schmit of St. Patrick's Church (Secretary-Treasurer), and Ray Johnston (General Manager).
After the reconstruction of the park, Skeldon was able to bring the Triple-A franchise from Richmond, Virginia to Toledo, along with an affiliation with the New York Yankees. Toledo was given another shot at minor league baseball, resuscitating the Toledo Mud Hens moniker, and field a team for the 1965 International League season at the new Lucas County Stadium. Skeldon continued to have a working relationship with the team. The stadium was eventually renamed Ned Skeldon Stadium in 1988 in his honor. Edward J. Skeldon died just three months after the stadium dedication.

</doc>
<doc id="20701304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701304" title="Juan Maria Schuver">
Juan Maria Schuver

Juan Maria Schuver (born as- Joannes Maria Schuver) (February 26, 1852 - August 1883) was a Dutch explorer who was a native of Amsterdam.
Son of a wealthy merchant, as a young man Schuver travelled extensively throughout Europe, the Middle East and northern Africa. At the age of 21 he worked as a private correspondent for the Dutch newspaper "Algemeen Handelsblad", covering events that took place in the Third Carlist War in Spain. Afterwards he travelled to the Balkans and reported for the "Handelsblad" involving action from the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878). In 1879 his father died and Schuver inherited a fortune. At this time he made plans to pursue a lifelong dream, to undertake a scientific expedition to the interior of Africa. He joined the Royal Geographical Society of London and took classes on various subjects in order to prepare for his upcoming journey.
In March 1881, he reached Khartoum with a small entourage, and subsequently spent the better part of the next two-plus years performing explorations of southeastern Sudan, particularly the eastern watershed of the White Nile and the hill regions surrounding the upper Blue Nile. In southern Sudan, he had a keen interest in the political and social aspects of the area, and made important historical and ethnographic observations concerning the various tribes he encountered. In August 1883, he was fatally wounded by a spear during a skirmish with Dinka tribesmen in Tek, a village that was a two-day journey from the garrison at Meshra-el-Rek. 
Schuver maintained extensive notebooks during the expedition, and items he collected during his stay in Sudan are now housed at the National Museum of Ethnology in Leiden.

</doc>
<doc id="20701315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701315" title="Caroline Plate">
Caroline Plate

The Caroline Plate is a small tectonic plate located north of New Guinea. It forms a subduction zone along the border with the Bird's Head Plate and the Woodlark Plate to the south. A transform boundary forms the northern border with the Pacific Plate. Along the border with the Philippine Sea Plate is a convergent boundary that transitions into a rift.

</doc>
<doc id="20701318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701318" title="Sen. William P. Jackson House">
Sen. William P. Jackson House

Sen. William P. Jackson House was a historic home located at Salisbury, Wicomico County, Maryland. It was a -story Queen Anne frame house completed in 1893. It was torn down in November 1976, after a ten-year battle to save it. It was built by United States Senator William P. Jackson.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20701320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701320" title="Horse Feathers (band)">
Horse Feathers (band)

Horse Feathers is an American indie folk band from Portland, Oregon.
Biography.
After fronting several rock bands in his native Idaho, singer/songwriter Justin Ringle moved to Portland, OR in 2004 and began focusing on acoustic music, playing open mics regularly under the moniker Horse Feathers. In 2005, multi-instrumentalist Peter Broderick heard a couple of Ringle's demos and offered to help flesh them out. In February 2006 the duo went into Skyler Norwood's Miracle Lake studios and recorded their debut album, "Words Are Dead", which was released that September on Portland label, Lucky Madison. Later that year, Peter's sister Heather Broderick joined the group on cello and by 2007, Horse Feathers began featuring a rotating cast of instrumentalists backing Justin's guitar and vocals.
Ringle and the Brodericks returned to Miracle Lake studios in the fall and winter of 2007 and recorded "House With No Home", which was released on Kill Rock Stars in the spring of 2008. Around that time, Peter left the country to pursue music in Europe, and Nathan Crockett was enlisted to cover violin duties. Several months later, Heather also left the group to pursue other musical projects and cellist Catherine Odell came on board. The current lineup was rounded out at the beginning of 2009 when Sam Cooper joined as a multi-instrumentalist. As a four piece, the group has been touring extensively and released a new album entitled "Thistled Spring" on Kill Rock Stars, April 20, 2010.
The band's fourth album, "Cynic's New Year", was released in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20701322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701322" title="Ikue Asazaki">
Ikue Asazaki

She lived for ten years in Yokohama and served from 1984 in the National Theatre of Japan. In 1990 she gave concerts in the Carnegie Hall, in New York, Los Angeles, and Cuba. Ikue Asazaki participates every year in the Hibiya and Ryukyu festivals. In 2007 she gave a concert in the Ikegami Honmonji temple.
She currently lives in Tokyo and her first best of album was released under Universal in 2008.
Obokuri-Eemui, the opening track of the "Utabautayun" album, was used in episode 14 of the "Samurai Champloo" anime series.

</doc>
<doc id="20701323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701323" title="Toa Payoh ritual murders">
Toa Payoh ritual murders

The Toa Payoh ritual murders took place in Singapore in 1981. On 25 January the body of a nine-year-old girl was found dumped next to the lift of a block of flats in the Toa Payoh district and, two weeks later, a ten-year-old boy was found dead nearby. The children had been killed, purportedly as blood sacrifices to the Hindu goddess Kali. The murders were masterminded by Adrian Lim, a self-styled medium, who had tricked scores of women into believing he had supernatural powers. His victims offered money and sexual services in exchange for cures, beauty, and good fortune. Two of the women became his loyal assistants; Tan Mui Choo married him, and Hoe Kah Hong became one of his "holy wives". When the police investigated a rape charge filed by one of Lim's targets, he became furious and decided to kill children to derail the investigations. On each occasion, Hoe lured a child to Lim's flat where he or she was drugged and killed by the trio. Lim also sexually assaulted the girl before her death. The trio were arrested after the police found a trail of blood that led to their flat. Although the case name suggested ritualistic murders, the defendants said they did not conduct prayers, burning of joss sticks, ringing of bells, or any other rituals during the killings.
The 41-day trial was the second longest to have been held in the courts of Singapore at the time. None of the defendants denied their guilt. Their appointed counsels tried to spare their clients the death sentence by pleading diminished responsibility, arguing that the accused were mentally ill and could not be held entirely responsible for the killings. To support their case they brought in doctors and psychologists, who analysed the defendants and concluded that they had exhibited schizophrenia, and depressions of the psychotic and manic order. The prosecution's expert, however, refuted these testimonies and argued that they were in full control of their mental faculties when they planned and carried out the murders. The judges agreed with the prosecution's case and sentenced the trio to death. While on death row, the women appealed to the Privy Council in London and pleaded for clemency from the President of Singapore to no avail. Lim did not seek any pardons; instead, he accepted his fate and went smiling to the gallows. The three were hanged on 25 November 1988.
The Toa Payoh ritual murders shocked the public in Singapore, who were surprised by such an act taking place in their society. Reports of the trio's deeds and the court proceedings were closely followed and remained prominent in the Singaporean consciousness for several years. Twice, movie companies tried to capitalise on the sensation generated by the murders by producing motion pictures based on the killings; however, critics panned both films for indulging in gratuitous sex and violence, and the movies performed poorly at the box office. The actions and behaviour of the three killers were studied by academics in the criminal psychology field, and the rulings set by the courts became local case studies for diminished responsibility.
Singaporean society in the 1980s.
Early in the nineteenth century, immigrants flooded into Peninsular Malaysia, colonising the Straits Settlements including the island city of Singapore. Migrants and natives held differing beliefs, but over time the boundaries between those belief systems blurred. Most of the population believed in spirits that inhabit the jungles, and in gods and devils that hover around, capable of benevolence and mischief. Certain people claimed that they could communicate with these supernatural beings. Through rituals in which they danced and chanted, these spirit mediums—"tang-kees" and "bomohs"—invited the beings to possess their bodies and dole out wisdoms, blessings, and curses to their believers. As time passed and the cities grew, the jungles gave way to concrete structures and the mediums' practices moved deeper into the heartland of communities.
By 1980, 75% of the residents in Singapore were living in public housing. Government-built high-rise blocks of flats clustered in the population centres, of which the Toa Payoh district was typical. Although a high density of people lived in each block, the residents mostly kept to themselves, valuing their privacy and tending to ignore what was happening around their homes. During this time, Singapore was a relatively peaceful society—a stark contrast to the prevalence of secret societies, triads and gang warfare during the pre-independence days. The low crime rate, brought on by strict laws and tough enforcement, gave citizens a sense of security. Nonetheless, the government warned against complacency and lectured in its local campaigns, "Low crime doesn't mean no crime". In 1981, three Singaporeans committed a crime that shocked the nation.
Two murders, three arrests.
For several years, a medium in Block 12, Toa Payoh Lorong 7, had been performing noisy rituals in the middle of the night. The residents complained several times to the authorities, but the rituals would always resume after a short time. On the afternoon of 24 January 1981, nine-year-old Agnes Ng Siew Hock () disappeared after attending religious classes at her church in Toa Payoh. Hours later, her body was found stuffed in a bag outside a lift in Block 11, less than a kilometre (five-eighths of a mile) from the church. The girl had been smothered to death; the investigation revealed injuries to her genitals and semen in her rectum. Although the police launched an intensive investigation, questioning more than 250 people around the crime scene, they failed to obtain any leads. On 7 February ten-year-old Ghazali bin Marzuki was found dead under a tree between Blocks 10 and 11. He had been missing since the previous day, after being seen boarding a taxi with an unknown woman. Forensic pathologists on the scene deemed the cause of death as drowning, and found on the boy suffocation marks similar to those on Ng. There were no signs of sexual assault, but burns were on the boy's back and a puncture on his arm. Traces of a sedative were later detected in his blood.
The police found a scattered trail of blood that led to the seventh floor of Block 12. Stepping into the common corridor from the stairwell, Inspector Pereira noticed an eclectic mix of religious symbols (a cross, a mirror, and a knife-blade) on the entrance of the first flat (unit number 467F). The owner of the flat, Adrian Lim, approached the inspector and introduced himself, informing Pereira that he was living there with his wife, Tan Mui Choo, and a girlfriend, Hoe Kah Hong. Permitted by Lim to search his flat, the police found traces of blood. Lim initially tried to pass the stains off as candle wax, but when challenged claimed they were chicken blood. After the police found slips of paper written with the dead children's personal details, Lim tried to allay suspicions by claiming that Ghazali had come to his flat seeking treatment for a bleeding nose. He discreetly removed hair from under a carpet and tried to flush it down the toilet, but the police stopped him; forensics later determined the hair to be Ng's. Requesting a background check on Lim, Pereira received word from local officers that the medium was currently involved in a rape investigation. Lim overheard them and became agitated, raising his voice at the law enforcers. His ire was mimicked by Hoe as she gestured violently and shouted at the officers. Their actions further raised the investigators' suspicions that the trio were deeply involved in the murders. The police collected the evidence, sealed the flat as a crime scene, and took Lim and the two women in for questioning.
Perpetrators.
Adrian Lim.
Born on 6 January 1942, Adrian Lim () was the eldest son of a middle-class family. Described at the trial by his sister as a hot-tempered boy, he dropped out of secondary school and worked a short stint as an informant for the Internal Security Department, joining the cable radio company Rediffusion Singapore in 1962. For three years, he installed and serviced Rediffusion sets as an electrician before being promoted to bill collector. In April 1967, Lim married his childhood sweetheart with whom he had two children. He converted to Catholicism for his marriage. Lim and his family lived in rented rooms until his 1970 purchase of a three-room flat—a seventh floor unit (unit number 467F) of Block 12, Toa Payoh.
Lim started part-time practice as a spirit medium in 1973. He rented a room where he attended to the women—most of whom were bargirls, dance hostesses, and prostitutes—introduced to him by his landlord. Lim's customers also included superstitious men and elderly females, whom he cheated only of cash. He had learned the trade from a bomoh called "Uncle Willie" and prayed to gods of various religions despite his Catholic baptism. The Indian goddess Kali and "Phragann", which Lim described as a Siamese sex god, were among the spiritual entities he called on in his rituals. Lim deceived his clients with several confidence tricks; his most effective gimmick, known as the "needles and egg" trick, duped many to believe that he had supernatural abilities. After blackening needles with soot from a burning candle, Lim carefully inserted them into a raw egg and sealed the hole with powder. In his rituals, he passed the egg several times over his client while chanting and asked her to crack open the egg. Unaware that the egg had been tampered with, the client would be convinced by the sight of the black needles that evil spirits were harassing her.
Lim particularly preyed on gullible girls who had deep personal problems. He promised them that he could solve their woes and increase their beauty through a ritual massage. After Lim and his client had stripped, he would knead her body—including her genitals—with Phragann's idol and have sex with her. Lim's treatments also included an electro-shock therapy based on that used on mental patients. After placing his client's feet in a tub of water and attaching wires to her temples, Lim passed electricity through her. The shocks, he assured her, would cure headaches and drive away evil spirits.
Tan Mui Choo.
Catherine Tan Mui Choo () was referred to Lim by a fellow bargirl, who claimed the spirit medium could cure ailments and depression. Tan, at that time, was grieving the death of her grandmother to whom she had been devoted. Furthermore her estrangement from her parents weighed on her mind; having been sent away at the age of 13 to a vocational centre (a home mostly for juvenile delinquents), she felt unwanted by them. Tan's visits to Lim became regular, and their relationship grew intimate. In 1975 she moved into his flat on his insistence. To allay his wife's suspicions that he was having an affair with Tan, Lim swore an oath of denial before a picture of Jesus Christ. However, she discovered the truth and moved out with their children a few days later, divorcing Lim in 1976. Lim quit his Rediffusion job and became a full-time medium. He enjoyed brisk business, at one point receiving S$6,000–7,000 (US$2,838–3,311) a month from a single client. In June 1977, Lim and Tan registered their marriage.
Lim dominated Tan through beatings, threats, and lies. He persuaded her to prostitute herself to supplement their income. He also convinced her that he needed to fornicate with young women to stay healthy; thus, Tan assisted him in his business, preparing their clients for his pleasure. Lim's influence over Tan was strong; on his encouragement and promise that sex with a younger man would preserve her youth, Tan copulated with a Malay teenager and even with her younger brother. The boy was not her only sibling to be influenced by Lim; the medium had earlier seduced Tan's younger sister and tricked her into selling her body and having sex with the two youths. Despite the abuses, Tan lived with Lim, enjoying the dresses, beauty products and slimming courses bought with their income.
Hoe Kah Hong.
Born on 10 September 1955, Hoe Kah Hong () was eight years old when her father died; she was sent to live with her grandmother until she was fifteen. When she returned to her mother and siblings she was constantly required to give way to her elder sister Lai Ho. Under the perception that her mother favoured her sister, Hoe became disgruntled, showing her temper easily. In 1979 her mother brought Lai to Lim for treatment, and became convinced of Lim's powers by his "needles and egg" trick. Believing that Hoe's volatile temper could also be cured by Lim, the old woman brought her younger daughter to the medium. After witnessing the same trick, Hoe became Lim's loyal follower. Lim desired to make Hoe one of his "holy wives", even though she was already married to Benson Loh Ngak Hua. To achieve his goal, Lim sought to isolate Hoe from her family by feeding her lies. He claimed that her family were immoral people who practiced infidelity, and that Loh was an unfaithful man who would force her into prostitution. Hoe believed Lim's words, and after going through a rite with him she was declared by the medium as his "holy wife". She no longer trusted her husband and family, and became violent towards her mother. Three months after she had first met Lim, Hoe moved from her house and went to live with him.
Loh sought his wife at Lim's flat and ended up staying to observe her treatment. He was persuaded by her to participate in the electro-shock therapies. In the early hours of 7 January 1980, Loh sat with Hoe, their arms locked together and their feet in separate tubs of water. Lim applied a large voltage to Loh, who was electrocuted, while Hoe was stunned into unconsciousness. When she woke, Lim requested her to lie to the police about Loh's death. Hoe repeated the story Lim had given her, saying that her husband had been electrocuted in their bedroom when he tried to switch on a faulty electric fan in the dark. The coroner recorded an open verdict, and the police made no further investigations.
Despite her antipathy towards Loh, Hoe was affected by his death. Her sanity broke; she started hearing voices and hallucinating, seeing her dead husband. At the end of May she was admitted to the Woodbridge Hospital. There, psychologists diagnosed her condition as schizophrenia and started appropriate treatments. Hoe made a remarkably quick recovery; by the first week of July, she was discharged. She continued her treatment with the hospital; follow-up checks showed that she was in a state of remission. Hoe's attitude towards her mother and other family members began to improve after her stay in the hospital, although she continued to live with Lim and Tan.
Rape and revenge.
With Hoe and Tan as his assistants, Lim continued his trade, tricking more women into giving him money and sex. By the time of his arrest, he had 40 "holy wives". In late 1980 he was arrested and charged with rape. His accuser was Lucy Lau, a door-to-door cosmetic salesgirl, who had met Lim when she was promoting beauty products to Tan. On 19 October, Lim told Lau that a ghost was haunting her, but he could exorcise it with his sex rituals. She was unconvinced, but the medium persisted. He secretly mixed two capsules of Dalmadorm, a sedative, into a glass of milk and offered it to her, claiming it had holy properties. Lau became groggy after drinking it, which allowed Lim to take advantage of her. For the next few weeks, he continued to abuse her by using drugs or threats. In November, after Lim had given her parents a loan smaller than the amount they had requested, Lau made a police report about his treatment of her. Lim was arrested on charges of rape, and Tan for abetting him. Out on bail, Lim persuaded Hoe to lie that she was present at the alleged rape but saw no crime committed. This failed to stop the police enquiries; Lim and Tan had to extend their bail, in person, at the police station every fortnight.
Frustrated, Lim plotted to distract the police with a series of child murders. Moreover, he believed that sacrifices of children to Kali would persuade her supernaturally to draw the attention of the police away from him. Lim pretended to be possessed by Kali, and convinced Tan and Hoe that the goddess wanted them to kill children to wreak vengeance on Lau. He also told them Phragann demanded that he have sex with their female victims.
On 24 January 1981, Hoe spotted Agnes at a nearby church and lured her to the flat. The trio plied her with food and drink that was laced with Dalmadorm. After Agnes became groggy and fell asleep, Lim sexually abused her. Near midnight, the trio smothered Agnes with a pillow and drew her blood, drinking and smearing it on a portrait of Kali. Following that, they drowned the girl by holding down her head in a pail of water. Finally, Lim used his electro-shock therapy device to "make doubly sure that she was dead". They stuffed her body in a bag and dumped it near the lift at Block 11.
Ghazali suffered a similar fate when he was brought by Hoe to the flat on 6 February. He, however, proved resistant to the sedatives, taking a long time to fall asleep. Lim decided to tie up the boy as a precaution; however, the boy awoke and struggled. Panicking, the trio delivered karate chops to Ghazali's neck and stunned him. After drawing his blood, they proceeded to drown their victim. Ghazali struggled, vomiting and losing control of his bowels as he died. Blood kept streaming from his nose after his death. While Tan stayed behind to clean the flat, Lim and Hoe disposed the body. Lim noticed that a trail of blood led to their flat, so he and his accomplices cleaned as much as they could of these stains before sunrise. What they missed led the police to their flat and resulted in their arrest.
Trial.
Two days after their arrest, Lim, Tan and Hoe were charged in the Subordinate Court for the murders of the two children. The trio were subjected to further interrogations by the police, and to medical examinations by prison doctors. On 16–17 September, their case was brought to the court for a committal procedure. To prove that there was a case against the accused, Deputy Public Prosecutor Glenn Knight called on 58 witnesses and arrayed 184 pieces of evidence before the magistrate. While Tan and Hoe denied the charges of murder, Lim pleaded guilty and claimed sole responsibility for the acts. The magistrate decided that the case against the accused was sufficiently strong to be heard at the High Court. Lim, Tan, and Hoe remained in custody while investigations continued.
Judiciary, prosecution, and defence.
The High Court was convened in the Supreme Court Building on 25 March 1983. Presiding over the case were two judges: Justice Thirugnana Sampanthar Sinnathuray, who would deliver judgment on serial murderer John Martin Scripps 13 years later, and Justice Frederick Arthur Chua, who was at the time the longest serving judge in Singapore. Knight continued to build his case on the evidence gathered by detective work. Photographs of the crime scenes, together with witness testimonies, would help the court to visualise the events that led to the crimes. Other evidence—the blood samples, religious objects, drugs, and the notes with Ng and Ghazali's names—conclusively proved the defendants' involvement. Knight had no eyewitnesses to the murders; his evidence was circumstantial, but he told the court in his opening statement, "What matters is that accused did intentionally suffocate and drown these two innocent children, causing their deaths in circumstances which amount to murder. And this we will prove beyond all reasonable doubt."
Tan, with Lim's and the police's permission, used $10,000 of the $159,340 (US$4,730 of US$75,370) seized from the trio's flat to engage J. B. Jeyaretnam for her defence. Hoe had to accept the court's offer of counsel, receiving Nathan Isaac as her defender. Since his arrest, Lim had refused legal representation. He defended himself at the Subordinate Court hearings, but could not continue to do so when the case was moved to the High Court; Singapore law requires that for capital crimes the accused must be defended by a legal professional. Thus Howard Cashin was appointed as Lim's lawyer, although his job was complicated by his client's refusal to cooperate. The three lawyers decided not to dispute that their clients had killed the children. Acting on a defence of diminished responsibility, they attempted to show that their clients were not sound of mind and could not be held responsible for the killings. If this defence had been successful, the defendants would have escaped the death penalty to face either life imprisonment, or up to 10 years in jail.
Proceedings.
After Knight had presented the prosecution evidence the court heard testimonies on the personalities and character flaws of the accused, from their relatives and acquaintances. Details of their lives were revealed by one of Lim's "holy wives". Private medical practitioners Dr. Yeo Peng Ngee and Dr. Ang Yiau Hua admitted that they were Lim's sources for drugs, and had provided the trio sleeping pills and sedatives without question on each consultation. The police and forensics teams gave their accounts of their investigations; Inspector Suppiah, the investigating officer-in-charge, read out the statements the defendants had made during their remand. In these statements Lim stated that he had killed for revenge, and that he had sodomised Ng. The accused had also confirmed in their statements that each was an active participant in the murders. There were many contradictions among these statements and the confessions made in court by the accused, but Judge Sinnathuray declared that despite the conflicting evidence, "the essential facts of this case are not in dispute". Lim's involvement in the crimes was further evidenced by a witness who vouched that just after midnight on 7 February 1981, at the ground floor of Block 12, he saw Lim and a woman walk past him carrying a dark-skinned boy .
On 13 April Lim took the stand. He maintained that he was the sole perpetrator of the crimes. He denied that he raped Lucy Lau or Ng, claiming that he made the earlier statements only to satisfy his interrogators. Lim was selective in answering the questions the court threw at him; he verbosely answered those that agreed with his stance, and refused to comment on the others. When challenged on the veracity of his latest confession, he claimed that he was bound by religious and moral duty to tell the truth. Knight, however, countered that Lim was inherently a dishonest man who had no respect for oaths. Lim had lied to his wife, his clients, the police, and psychiatrists. Knight claimed Lim's stance in court was an open admission that he willingly lied in his earlier statements. Tan and Hoe were more cooperative, answering the questions posed by the court. They denied Lim's story, and vouched for the veracity of the statements they had given to the police. They told how they had lived in constant fear and awe of Lim; believing he had supernatural powers, they followed his every order and had no free will of their own. Under Knight's questioning, however, Tan admitted that Lim had been defrauding his customers, and that she had knowingly helped him to do so. Knight then got Hoe to agree that she was conscious of her actions at the time of the murders.
Battle of the psychiatrists.
No one doubted that Lim, Tan, and Hoe had killed the children. Their defence was based on convincing the judges that medically, the accused were not in total control of themselves during the crimes. The bulk of the trial was therefore a battle between expert witnesses called by both sides. Dr Wong Yip Chong, a senior psychiatrist in private practice, believed that Lim was mentally ill at the time of the crimes. Claiming to be "judging by the big picture, and not fussing over contradictions", he said that Lim's voracious sexual appetite and deluded belief in Kali were characteristics of a mild manic depression. The doctor also said that only an unsound mind would dump the bodies close to his home when his plan was to distract the police. In rebuttal, the prosecution's expert witness, Dr Chee Kuan Tsee, a psychiatrist at Woodbridge Hospital, said that Lim was "purposeful in his pursuits, patient in his planning and persuasive in his performance for personal power and pleasure". In Dr Chee's opinion, Lim had indulged in sex because through his role as a medium he obtained a supply of women who were willing to go to bed with him. Furthermore, his belief in Kali was religious in nature, not delusional. Lim's use of religion for personal benefit indicated full self-control. Lastly, Lim had consulted doctors and freely taken sedatives to alleviate his insomnia, a condition which, according to Dr Chee, sufferers from manic depression fail to recognise.
Dr R. Nagulendran, a consultant psychiatrist, testified that Tan was mentally impaired by reactive psychotic depression. According to him she was depressed before she met Lim, due to her family background. Physical abuse and threats from Lim deepened her depression; drug abuse led her to hallucinate and believe the medium's lies. Dr Chee disagreed; he said that Tan had admitted to being quite happy with the material lifestyle Lim gave to her, enjoying fine clothes and beauty salon treatments. A sufferer from reactive psychotic depression would not have paid such attention to her appearance. Also, Tan had earlier confessed to knowing Lim was a fraud, but changed her stance in court to claim she was acting completely under his influence. Although Dr Chee had neglected Lim's physical abuse of Tan in his judgment, he was firm in his opinion that Tan was mentally sound during the crimes. Both Dr Nagulendran and Dr Chee agreed that Hoe suffered from schizophrenia long before she met Lim, and that her stay in Woodbridge Hospital had helped her recovery. However, while Dr Nagulendran was convinced that Hoe suffered a relapse during the time of the child killings, Dr Chee pointed out that none of the Woodbridge doctors saw any signs of relapse during the six months of her follow-up checks (16 July 1980 – 31 January 1981). If Hoe had been as severely impaired by her condition as Dr Nagulendran described, she would have become an invalid. Instead, she methodically abducted and helped kill a child on two occasions. Ending his testimony, Dr Chee stated that it was incredible that three people with different mental illnesses should share a common delusion of receiving a request to kill from a god.
Closing statements.
In their closing speeches, the defence tried to reinforce the portrayal of their clients as mentally disturbed individuals. Cashin said that Lim was a normal man until his initiation into the occult, and that he was clearly divorced from reality when he entered the "unreasonable world of atrociousness", acting on his delusions to kill children in Kali's name. Jeyaretnam said that due to her depression and Lim's abuse, Tan was just "a robot", carrying out orders without thought. Isaac simply concluded, "[Hoe's] schizophrenic mind accepted that if the children were killed, they would go to heaven and not grow up evil like her mother and others." The defence criticised Dr Chee for failing to recognise their clients' symptoms.
The prosecution started its closing speech by drawing attention to the "cool and calculating" manner in which the children were killed. Knight also argued that the accused could not have shared the same delusion, and only brought it up during the trial. The "cunning and deliberation" displayed in the acts could not have been done by a deluded person. Tan helped Lim because "she loved ", and Hoe was simply misled into helping the crimes. Urging the judges to consider the ramifications of their verdict, Knight said: "My Lords, to say that Lim was less than a coward who preyed on little children because they could not fight back; killed them in the hope that he would gain power or wealth and therefore did not commit murder, is to make no sense of the law of murder. It would lend credence to the shroud of mystery and magic he has conjured up his practices and by which he managed to frighten, intimidate and persuade the superstitious, the weak and the gullible into participating in the most lewd and obscene acts."
Judgment.
On 25 May 1983, crowds massed outside the building, waiting for the outcome of the trial. Due to limited seating, only a few were allowed inside to hear Justice Sinnathuray's delivery of the verdict, which took 15 minutes. The two judges were not convinced that the accused were mentally unsound during the crimes. They found Lim to be "abominable and depraved" in carrying out his schemes. Viewing her interviews with the expert witnesses as admissions of guilt, Sinnathuray and Chua found Tan to be an "artful and wicked person", and a "willing to [Lim's loathsome and nefarious acts". The judges found Hoe to be "simple" and "easily influenced". Although she suffered from schizophrenia, they noted that she was in a state of remission during the murders; hence she should bear full responsibility for her actions. All three defendants were found guilty of murder and sentenced to be hanged. The two women did not react to their sentences. On the other hand, Lim beamed and cried, "Thank you, my Lords!", as he was led out.
Lim accepted his fate; the women did not, and appealed against their sentences. Tan hired Francis Seow to appeal for her, and the court again assigned Isaac to Hoe. The lawyers asked the appeal court to reconsider the mental states of their clients during the murders, charging that the trial judges in their deliberations had failed to consider this point. The Court of Criminal Appeal reached their decision in August 1986. The appeal judges reaffirmed the decision of their trial counterparts, noting that as finders of facts, judges have the right to discount medical evidence in the light of evidence from other sources. Tan and Hoe's further appeals to London's Privy Council and Singapore President Wee Kim Wee met with similar failures.
Having exhausted all their avenues for pardon, Tan and Hoe calmly faced their fates. While waiting on death row the trio were counselled by Catholic priests and nuns. In spite of the reputation that surrounded Lim, Father Brian Doro recalled the murderer as a "rather friendly person". When the day of execution loomed, Lim asked Father Doro for absolution and Holy Communion. Likewise, Tan and Hoe had Sister Gerard Fernandez as their spiritual counsellor. The nun converted the two female convicts to Catholicism, and they received forgiveness and Holy Communion during their final days. On 25 November 1988 the trio were given their last meal and led to the hangman's noose. Lim smiled throughout his last walk. After the sentences were carried out, the three murderers were given a short Catholic funeral mass by Father Doro, and cremated on the same day.
Legacy.
The trial on the Toa Payoh ritual murders was closely followed by the populace of Singapore. Throngs of people constantly packed the grounds of the courts, hoping to catch a glimpse of Adrian Lim and to hear the revelations first-hand. Reported by regional newspapers in detail, the gory and sexually explicit recounting of Lim's acts offended the sensibilities of some; Canon Frank Lomax, Vicar of St. Andrew's Anglican Church, complained to "The Straits Times" that the reports could have a corrupting effect on the young. His words received support from a few readers. Others, however, welcomed the open reporting, considering it helpful in raising public awareness of the need for vigilance even in a city with low crime rates. Books, which covered the murders and the trial, were quickly bought by the public on their release.
The revelations from the trial cast Lim as evil incarnate in the minds of Singaporeans. Some citizens could not believe that anyone would willingly defend such a man. They called Cashin to voice their anger; a few even issued death threats against him. On the other hand, Knight's name spread among Singaporeans as the man who brought Adrian Lim to justice, boosting his career. He handled more high-profile cases, and became the director of the Commercial Affairs Department in 1984. He would maintain his good reputation until his conviction for corruption seven years later.
Even in prison, Lim was hated; his fellow prisoners abused and treated him as an outcast. In the years that followed the crime, memories remained fresh among those who followed the case. Journalists deemed it the most sensational trial of the 80s, being "the talk of a horrified city as gruesome accounts of sexual perversion, the drinking of human blood, spirit possession, exorcism and indiscriminate cruelty unfolded during the 41-day hearing". Fifteen years from the trial's conclusion, a poll conducted by "The New Paper" reported that 30 per cent of its respondents had picked the Toa Payoh ritual murders as the most horrible crime, despite the paper's request to vote only for crimes committed in 1998. Lim had become a benchmark for local criminals; in 2002 Subhas Anandan described his client, wife-killer Anthony Ler, as a "cooler, more handsome version of notorious Toa Payoh medium-murderer".
During the 1990s, the local film industry made two movies based on the murder case, the first of which was "Medium Rare". The 1991 production had substantial foreign involvement; most of the cast and crew were American or British. The script was locally written and intended to explore the "psyche of the three main characters". The director, however, focused on sex and violence, and the resulting film was jeered by the audience at its midnight screening. Its 16-day run brought in $130,000 (US$75,145), and a reporter called it "more bizarre than the tales of unnatural sex and occult practices associated with the Adrian Lim story". The second film, 1997's "God or Dog", also had a dismal box-office performance despite a more positive critical reception. Both shows had difficulty in finding local actors for the lead role; Zhu Houren declined on the basis that Adrian Lim was too unique a personality for an actor to portray accurately, and Xie Shaoguang rejected the role for the lack of "redeeming factors" in the murderer. On the television, the murder case would have been the opening episode for "True Files", a crime awareness programme in 2002. The public, however, complained that the trailers were too gruesome with the re-enactments of the rituals and murders, forcing the media company MediaCorp to reshuffle the schedule. The Toa Payoh ritual murders episode was replaced by a less sensational episode as the opener and pushed back into a later timeslot for more mature viewers, marking the horrific nature of the crimes committed by Lim, Tan, and Hoe.

</doc>
<doc id="20701353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701353" title="Peter Stuckey">
Peter Stuckey

Peter Stuckey (born March 18, 1940) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Bournemouth, Hampshire, which is now in Dorset.
Having made his Minor Counties Championship debut four years previously, Stuckey made a single List A appearance for the team, against Bedfordshire in the 1968 Gillette Cup. From the bottom of the order, Stuckey picked up six runs, and took figures of 0-11 with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20701354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701354" title="Michael Doggrell">
Michael Doggrell

Michael Doggrell (1935–1988) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Doggrell made his debut for the team in the Minor Counties Championship in 1955, and continued to represent the team in the competition until 1970. He made a single List A appearance, in the 1968 Gillette Cup competition, against Bedfordshire.
A tailend batsman, Doggrell scored a duck and took figures of 0-15 from seven overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20701355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701355" title="Roger Miller (cricketer)">
Roger Miller (cricketer)

Roger Simon Miller (born 16 February 1938) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and right-arm medium-fast bowler who played first-class cricket for Marylebone Cricket Club. He was born in Seaford, Sussex.
Miller made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1959 season, against Oxford University. Following this, he made at least eleven appearances for Sussex's Second XI.
Miller made a single List A appearance for Dorset in the 1968 Gillette Cup. He scored 15 not out in the match, and picked up figures of 0-6 from the single over he bowled.

</doc>
<doc id="20701356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701356" title="Geoff Hunter (cricketer)">
Geoff Hunter (cricketer)

Geoff Hunter (born Charles Michael Geoffrey Hunter on 11 September 1937) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played first-class cricket for the Minor Counties. He was born in Windle, St Helens, Lancashire.
Hunter made a single first-class appearance for the team, during an Indian tour of England in 1971.
Between 1968 and 1973, Hunter picked up five one-day appearances for Dorset and Minor Counties South.

</doc>
<doc id="20701357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701357" title="Michael Beale">
Michael Beale

Michael Beale (born April 7, 1947) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Dorset. He was born in Sturminster Newton, Dorset.
Beale, who made his Second XI Championship debut in 1967, made his debut in the Gillette Cup the following year, against Bedfordshire. He scored just three runs in the match as Dorset fell to a heavy defeat.
Beale continued to represent Dorset in the Minor Counties Championship until, in 1937, he had the opportunity to again represent the team in a List A match. He once again struggled with the bat, picking up a duck from third in the batting order.

</doc>
<doc id="20701360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701360" title="Timothy Hall">
Timothy Hall

Timothy Hall (born 25 July 1944) is a retired English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm slow bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Bristol, Gloucestershire.
Hall, who made his Second XI Championship debut in 1964 for Gloucestershire, played in the Minor Counties Championship for the first time in 1971.
Hall made his only List A appearance during the 1973 Gillette Cup competition, against Staffordshire. From the upper-middle order, Hall scored 23 runs, the team's highest score in a 79-run defeat.
Hall made just one further Minor Counties match, in the 1973 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20701362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701362" title="David Robinson (cricketer, born 1938)">
David Robinson (cricketer, born 1938)

David Robinson (born 1 September 1938) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Dorset. He was born in Alfreton, Derbyshire.
Robinson made two Minor Counties Championship appearances, one each in the 1969 and 1970 seasons. His sole List A match came in the 1973 Gillette Cup, against Staffordshire. From the lower-middle order, Robinson scored two runs in the Dorset innings, as they lost the first-round match.

</doc>
<doc id="20701363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701363" title="David Bulfield">
David Bulfield

David Bulfield (born January 15, 1938) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a leg-break bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Lancaster.
Having represented the team in the Minor Counties Championship since 1956, at the age of 18, Bulfield made a single List A appearance, during the 1973 season. From the opening order, he scored 5 runs, as Dorset lost the match by 79 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20701364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701364" title="Kenneth House">
Kenneth House

Kenneth House (born April 7, 1936) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Sturminster Newton, Dorset.
Having made his Minor Counties Championship debut in 1962, House made a single List A appearance, in the 1973 Gillette Cup. From the opening order, he scored 15 runs, as the team collapsed to a 79-run defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20701391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701391" title="Beers Enterprises, Inc.">
Beers Enterprises, Inc.

Beers Enterprises, Incorporated (BEI), a private Delaware corporation, is owner and operator of The Switch, the leading video switching center in the New York metropolitan area. The Switch also provides advanced video switching services from its facilities in Los Angeles, Miami, Washington DC, and its international locations in London, UK and Toronto, Canada.
History.
The Switch was created in 1991 to provide cost-effective, customer controlled television and audio signal routing services to the broadcast industry. Customers include domestic and international television networks, common carriers, local broadcast stations, and producers and distributors of sports, entertainment, news, financial and public service television programming.
In 2003, BEI purchased the remaining interest of The Switch from their original partner GlobeCast, a subsidiary of France Telecom. The company has embarked on expansion plans to bring The Switch concept to other domestic and international cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20701422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701422" title="Wiser.org">
Wiser.org

Wiser.org, formerly WiserEarth.org, is a user-generated online community space for the social and environmental movement. As one of the social networks for environmental sustainability and social change, Wiser.org is the primary initiative of the non-profit organization WiserEarth, which tracks the work of non-profits around the world. The site maps and connects non-governmental organizations (NGOs), businesses, governments, groups, and individuals addressing global issues such as climate change, poverty, the environment, peace, water, hunger, social justice, conservation, human rights, and more.
History.
Wiser.org was launched as WiserEarth.org on Earth Day (April 22) 2007 as an online directory of the 100,000+ organizations touched upon in Paul Hawken's book, Blessed Unrest. Hawken had amassed a collection of business cards from thousands of organizations over the years, but had not found a comprehensive directory listing all non-profit organizations involved in the social justice and environmental sector. Estimating the total number of non-profit organizations around the world to be well over a million, Hawken launched Wiser.org, which stands for the World Index for Social and Environmental Responsibility, as an online directory to help map out the work done by these organizations. Today, Wiser.org incorporates additional social networking features, such as status updates, likes, walls, groups, and email messaging to provide greater possibilities for collaboration. Wiser.org has expanded its organization directory to include listings of for-profit businesses and government agencies.
Facts and figures.
As of September 15, 2012, Wiser.org provides a directory of more than 114,000 organizations worldwide, over 71,900 registered members, and more than 2,800 groups. It features resources and information on various social issues ranging from women's rights to climate change. These resources and information are organized into 47 distinct issue areas and 381 sub-issue areas. Wiser.org is currently available in English, Chinese (simplified), French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Wiser.org Directory.
The Wiser.org Directory is organized around a master list of issues which are "networked" in such a way that registered users can edit the "connections" of each issue to organizations, resources, jobs, events, and groups. The website features groupware and social networking components including graphical "Network Maps". A unique "Solution form" allows any logged in user to state a serious social or environmental problem and propose a way to solve it. The Solution then becomes a named entity that can be shared, modified, and acted upon as the proposed solution is implemented in the real world. The solution form includes a place to record results and observations. Each Solution is provided with a publishing and networking page and a discussion forum. Wiser.org also incorporates embedded Google Maps integrated with the geographical data. The website is a non-profit venture and is free to the public. The data is published under a Creative Commons 3.0 license.
Wiser.org API.
As of June 2009, Wiser.org offers a RESTful API developed under a Creative Commons 3.0 license. The Wiser.org API provides access to an extensive database of "entities" such as Organizations, Groups, Jobs, Events, Resources, and Solutions. There is an associated FAQ and a Developer's Documentation page.

</doc>
<doc id="20701430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701430" title="Orestis Makris">
Orestis Makris

Orestis Makris (; September 30, 1898 – January 29, 1975) was a Greek actor and tenor.
He graduated from the Greek Odeum of Athens and first entered the scene as a tenor in the troupe of Rosalia Nika in 1925. He later joined the Papaioannou troupe, before moving to more comedic roles. Makris excelled in the portrayal of folk characters, especially the stock role of the "drunkard". Makris also participated in about forty movies, mostly as an over-strict father. He is considered one of the most significant modern Greek actors.
He was decorated with the Order of the Phoenix. He died on January 29, 1975 in Athens and is buried at the First Cemetery in a family grave.

</doc>
<doc id="20701435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701435" title="Conway Reef Plate">
Conway Reef Plate

The Conway Reef Plate is a small tectonic plate (microplate) located in the south Pacific west of Fiji. It is bounded on the east and west by convergent boundaries, the western boundary is with the New Hebrides Plate while the eastern is with the Australian Plate. A short transform boundary also exists with the Balmoral Reef Plate to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20701474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701474" title="Pat Quinn">
Pat Quinn

Pat Quinn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20701480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701480" title="Pat Quinn (ice hockey)">
Pat Quinn (ice hockey)

John Brian Patrick Quinn (born January 29, 1943), is a former head coach in the National Hockey League (NHL), most recently with the Edmonton Oilers. Known by the nickname "The Big Irishman" or 'Large Steve" 
he has also coached for the Philadelphia Flyers, Los Angeles Kings, Vancouver Canucks and Toronto Maple Leafs, reaching the Stanley Cup Finals twice, with the Flyers in 1980 and the Canucks in 1994. Internationally, Quinn has coached Team Canada to gold medals at the 2002 Winter Olympics, 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships and 2009 World Junior Championship, as well as World Cup championship in 2004. 
Prior to coaching, Quinn was an NHL defenceman, having played nine seasons in the league with the Maple Leafs, Canucks and Atlanta Flames. Coming out of the junior ranks with the Edmonton Oil Kings, he won a Memorial Cup with the club in 1963. He later won another Memorial Cup as part-owner of the Vancouver Giants in 2007.
Playing career.
Quinn began his junior career with the Hamilton Tiger Cubs and Hamilton Kilty B's in the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA). After graduating high school, Quinn accepted a scholarship from Michigan Tech, but was declared ineligible to play by the NCAA because he had already signed his rights to the Detroit Red Wings. He instead joined the Edmonton Oil Kings of the Central Alberta Hockey League (CAHL), helping the club to the 1963 Memorial Cup in his only year with Edmonton, playing alongside fellow future NHL player, coach, and manager Glen Sather. 
Quinn turned pro in 1963–64 and began stints in several minor leagues, including the Eastern Hockey League (EHL), Central Hockey League (CHL) and Western Hockey League (WHL). While playing with the Tulsa Oilers, Quinn was called up by the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1968, making his NHL debut. During his rookie season with the Maple Leafs, he is probably best remembered for an open-ice bodycheck on Bobby Orr in the 1969 playoffs against the Boston Bruins that left Orr unconscious and provoked a bench-clearing brawl. 
After two seasons with the Maple Leafs, the Vancouver Canucks claimed Quinn in the 1970 NHL Expansion Draft. He played two seasons in Vancouver, before being again left unprotected in the 1972 NHL Expansion Draft, where he was claimed by the Atlanta Flames and served as team captain. Quinn retired prematurely in 1977 after suffering an ankle injury.
Management and coaching.
Philadelphia Flyers.
Quinn became an assistant coach for the Philadelphia Flyers in 1977 under Fred Shero, and was named head coach of the Flyers' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Maine Mariners, the following season. Quinn returned to the Flyers late that season, however, as head coach of the NHL club (with McCammon going back to Maine), and during the 1979–80 NHL season (his first full season with the Flyers) Quinn led the team to a record breaking 35-game unbeaten streak that culminated in a trip to the 1980 Stanley Cup Finals, where they were upset by the New York Islanders in six games. Quinn won the Jack Adams Award for his effort. He stayed with the Flyers two more years, but was replaced late in the season during his fourth year.
Los Angeles Kings.
In his first season back coaching, he returned the Kings to the playoffs after a two-year absence with a 23-point improvement in the standings. In December 1986, Quinn signed a contract to become the President and General Manager of the Vancouver Canucks for the 1987–88 NHL season while still under contract with the Kings. Quinn, a lawyer, maintained that the Kings had missed a deadline on an option on his contract, which had a clause allowing him to negotiate with other teams. NHL President John Ziegler suspended Quinn for the rest of the season and barred him from taking over Vancouver's hockey operations until June. Ziegler also barred Quinn from coaching anywhere in the NHL until the 1990–91 season. In Ziegler's view, Quinn's actions created a serious conflict of interest that could only be resolved by having him removed as coach. The Kings tried unsuccessfully to sue the Canucks for tampering.
Vancouver Canucks.
Bure's selection was highly controversial, however, as Quinn had seemingly chosen him a year ahead of his eligible draft season. At the age of 18, Bure was available to be chosen in the first three rounds of the draft, but in order to be selected any later than that, he would have had to play in at least two seasons (with a minimum of 11 games per season) for his elite-level European club, the Central Red Army. The Canucks' head scout at the time, Mike Penny, discovered that Bure had played in additional exhibition and international games to make him an eligible late-round draft choice a year early, however. Quinn originally intended to draft Bure in the eighth round, but after receiving word that the Edmonton Oilers had similar intentions, he selected him in the sixth. Team executives reportedly stormed the Met Center stage in Minnesota, where the draft was being held, protesting the choice immediately following its announcement. The league investigated the selection and originally deemed it illegal. Quinn and the Canucks appealed the decision and it was not until the eve of the 1990 NHL Entry Draft, in which Bure would have been re-entered, that the draft choice was upheld.
In 1991, with the coaching ban lifted, he took over the head coach position with the Canucks for the remaining 26 games of the 1990–91 season. Entering his first full season as Canucks head coach in 1991–92, Quinn met further resistance regarding Bure, who was set to play his rookie season, from the Soviet Ice Hockey Federation. Soviet officials called for Bure's contract with the Central Red Army and the two sides went to court in October 1991 with the Soviets agreeing to a $250,000 settlement. Quinn signed Bure to a four-year contract soon thereafter, on October 31, worth a reported $2.7 million with an $800,000 signing bonus. Quinn went on to win his second Jack Adams Award as a dramatically improved Canucks squad succeeded in winning the Smythe division. The Canucks repeated as division champions the following season in 1992–93 before appearing in the 1994 Stanley Cup Finals against the New York Rangers. Despite a lackluster regular season in which the Canucks finished with the seventh seed in their conference, the team that had been entirely built by Quinn got past the Calgary Flames, Dallas Stars and Toronto Maple Leafs in the first three rounds. The Canucks pushed the first-overall Rangers to a seven-game series in the final, but lost the seventh and deciding game. 
Following his second Stanley Cup Finals appearance, Quinn gave up his coaching duties to focus on his roles as President and General Manager. In the mid-1990s, the Canucks ownership gradually shifted from the Griffiths family to a new group led by John McCaw, Jr.. In November 1997, Quinn was fired by the new ownership, with whom Quinn did not see eye-to-eye.
Toronto Maple Leafs.
Three years later, the Maple Leafs made it to the 2002 Conference Finals, but were eliminated by the Carolina Hurricanes. In August 2003, Quinn was replaced as general manager by John Ferguson, Jr., who became the league's youngest general manager at 36, but still retained his coaching duties.
Following the 2004–05 NHL lockout, the Maple Leafs failed to qualify for the playoffs for the first time with Quinn as head coach in 2005–06. As a result, Quinn was fired along with assistant coach and former teammate Rick Ley on April 20, 2006. The Maple Leafs had suffered season-ending injuries from key players Eric Lindros, Jason Allison, Alex Khavanov and Ed Belfour, all of whom had been signed as free agents by Ferguson the preceding off-season. Despite losing all four players to injury, the Maple Leafs finished the season going 9–1–2 with a younger lineup of prospects, many of whom were drafted by Quinn during his tenure as general manager. Aside from Toronto's lack of success, however, it was speculated that the decision to fire Quinn was a result of friction between him and general manager Ferguson (who denied it), as well as a split in the ownership of Maple Leafs Sports and Entertainment with Ferguson being backed by MLSE Chairman Larry Tannebaum and with Quinn being supported by Ken Thompson (whose Woodbridge holding company had planned to but never did increase its stake in MLSE). Amid speculation of his firing leading up to the official announcement, team captain Mats Sundin and veteran Darcy Tucker had both pledged support for Quinn through the media.
At the time of his departure, Quinn was the winningest active coach in the NHL, and fourth all-time. Under Quinn, the Maple Leafs had consistently been contenders, recording three 100-point seasons and making the playoffs every season until his last, despite never advancing past the conference finals.
Edmonton Oilers.
After a three-year absence from the NHL, in which he coached for Team Canada's Spengler Cup, under-18 and junior teams, Quinn was named the head coach of the Edmonton Oilers on May 26, 2009, replacing Craig MacTavish. In his first and ultimately only season as head coach of the Oilers, the team finished in last place in the league with a record of 27–47–8.
Pat Quinn was replaced by Tom Renney as head coach on June 22, 2010, being given the title of Senior Adviser on Hockey Operations for the Oilers, a position he left after the 2010-11 season.
International.
At the 2002 Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City, Utah, Quinn coached Team Canada to their first Olympic gold medal since 1952, with a 5–2 victory over Team USA in the gold medal game. He subsequently received a standing ovation from the fans in Montreal for his efforts in his first NHL game back from the Olympics.
Two years later, in 2004, Quinn coached Team Canada to victory in the 2004 World Cup with a perfect 6–0 record, capped off by a 3–2 victory over Finland in the final.
Looking to defend their 2002 Olympic gold medal, Hockey Canada chose Quinn once again to coach Team Canada at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin. Despite high expectations, Canada went 3–2 through the preliminary round, losing to Switzerland and Finland, both by 2–0 shutouts, then lost to Russia, again by a 2–0 score, in the quarter-finals.
Without an NHL coaching job, having been let go by the Maple Leafs at the end of the 2005–06 season, Quinn was chosen to coach Team Canada at the 2006 Spengler Cup. They made it to the final game against HC Davos, but lost 3–2.
Two years later, Quinn turned to junior hockey, serving as head coach for Team Canada in the 2008 IIHF World U18 Championships. He led Canada to the finals against Russia, taking the title by an 8–0 score. With established success at the junior international level, Quinn was chosen to coach the Canadian under-20 team for the 2009 World Junior Championships as the host country in Ottawa. He led Canada to an undefeated record in tournament play and a fifth consecutive gold medal, defeating Sweden 5–1 in the final.
Honours.
Quinn is a member of the committee that determines who is inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
On June 9, 2005, the city of Hamilton, Ontario, honoured Quinn at a special ceremony at Parkdale Arena, on the corner of Main Street East and Parkdale Avenue North, where the arena was officially renamed the Pat Quinn Parkdale Arena.
On June 8, 2006, Quinn returned to his hometown in Hamilton to accept an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from McMaster University. He addressed the convocation of Social Sciences graduates, saying that "education is a toolbox to make career changes. It is good advice for you to follow your dreams, listen to your heart and obey your passion".
Personal.
Quinn grew up in eastern Hamilton, Ontario. He is a cousin of former professional wrestler "Big" John Quinn. He has 2 daughters and 3 grandchildren, his middle granddaughter is a very talented hockey player in MN. 
Academic.
Quinn graduated with a B.A. in economics in 1972 from York University in Toronto, Ontario, three years after he began his NHL career with the Toronto Maple Leafs. After retiring from his playing career in 1977, Quinn considered law school, but instead accepted a coaching position with the Philadelphia Flyers. Nearly five years later, he was fired by the Flyers in time to take the exam for spring acceptance into law school. On account of being still under contract with the Flyers, his tuition was subsidized by the NHL club. He earned his law degree from the Widener University School of Law, in Delaware.
Quinn never actually practiced law, but utilized his acquired knowledge in his subsequent executive positions with the Vancouver Canucks and Maple Leafs.

</doc>
<doc id="20701482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701482" title="Andrew Fried">
Andrew Fried

Andrew Fried (born February 10, 1976 in Long Beach, New York) is an American television producer and film producer.
Fried attended the Long Beach High School in New York. He has produced such television shows as "Iconoclasts", ' and the Great Performances special, '.

</doc>
<doc id="20701483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701483" title="George Sher">
George Sher

George Sher is a moral philosopher and political philosopher who has taught at Rice University since 1991. He chaired the department from 1993 - 2000. 
Sher earned his bachelors degree at Brandeis University and his Ph.D. in Philosophy from Columbia University in 1972. His work has largely focused on liberalism, perfectionism, and issues in moral psychology. He is married to essayist and novelist Emily Fox Gordon. 

</doc>
<doc id="20701514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701514" title="Hejazi goat">
Hejazi goat

The Hejazi goat breed from Arabia is used for the production of meat.

</doc>
<doc id="20701523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701523" title="Dale Salwak">
Dale Salwak

Dale Salwak is a professional magician, who resides in California. He is a regular performer at The Magic Castle and is known as the "The Gentleman of Magic". He has been the long-time director of the Chavez School of Magic. He has been featured in cover stories on numerous magic-related publications.
He openly credited Neil Foster as his key mentor.
Dale Salwak is also an instructor at Citrus College in Glendora, California. He has been teaching there since 1973. He has also written 24 inspirational books.

</doc>
<doc id="20701535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701535" title="Futuna Plate">
Futuna Plate

The Futuna Plate is a very small tectonic plate located near the south Pacific island of Futuna.
It is sandwiched between the Pacific Plate to the north and the Australian Plate to the south with the Niuafo'ou Plate to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="20701539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701539" title="Shimmy Rivers and and Canal">
Shimmy Rivers and and Canal

Shimmy Rivers and and Canal was a UK beat combo that was formed in Dalston, London in 2003.
In 2005 Resonance FM released a collection of demo recordings. The same year, the band played at Resonance FM's 3rd Anniversary event at the Conway Hall, and in 2006–2007 hosted the station's 'Daddy Said So Land' radio show, with live sessions, and interviews with Alexa Chung, Let's Wrestle and Sonny Tufts.
Shimmy Rivers and and Canal disbanded in February 2009, playing a final gig at Barden's Boudoir on February 27. The band released a 7" record on the Siltbreeze record label in January 2009. Their debut album, "Forks", recorded and mixed by Capitol K, was released in 2009.
Members of the band included Scout Niblett, and Koichi and Niiyan from Screaming Tea Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20701545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701545" title="Hexi Cashmere">
Hexi Cashmere

The Hexi Cashmere goat breed from desert and semidesert regions of the North Gansu province of China is used primarily for the production of cashmere fiber. About 60% of the goats are white. The Hexi cashmere can be found in the Gansu, Qinghai and Ningxia provinces. A typical adult doe produces 184 grams of down at 15.7 micrometres (µm) diameter.

</doc>
<doc id="20701562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701562" title="Wide Receiver (song)">
Wide Receiver (song)

Wide Receiver is a 1980 funk/dance song by North American bass guitarist and vocalist Michael Henderson. The song was from the album "Wide Receiver" which is now on I-Tunes. 
Michael Henderson is mainly known for smooth R&B of the style later known as 'quiet storm'; this song was his only club dance track, charting at #4 on the Soul Singles chart. Another song from the album was Prove It which charted at number 27.
Song theme.
The song contains innuendos in the form of American football references. It also has references to marijuana ("The referee must have been smokin a joint"). Sounds from the handheld game Mattel Electronic Football were used in the introduction and background of the song.
The phrase "sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you don't" from Mounds and Almond Joy advertising were also used in the lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="20701567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701567" title="Angel McCoughtry">
Angel McCoughtry

Angel Lajuane McCoughtry (born September 10, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who completed her college career at the University of Louisville in 2009. She was selected first overall by the Atlanta Dream in the 2009 WNBA Draft and is considered its franchise player. She also plays for the Turkish powerhouse Fenerbahçe Istanbul in the EuroLeague Women.
Biography.
McCoughtry lead the Big East Conference in scoring, rebounding, and steals, while breaking school records for most steals in a season, most points in a season, and most points in a game. She was named Big East Player of the Year during her sophomore year in 2006-2007. In the summer of 2007, McCoughtry represented the United States on the Pan American Games women's basketball team. During her junior year at Louisville, McCoughtry broke her own records for points and steals on the season, and tied her own single-game scoring record. She played a key role in Louisville's upset of the Rutgers Scarlet Knights in the 2008 Big East conference tournament. In addition, McCoughtry was named an All-American by several organizations as a junior.
McCoughtry broke the record for career scoring by a Louisville women's basketball player during the first game of her senior year. She recorded her second triple-double (points, rebounds, steals) in a December 2008 game against the University of Hartford. She was selected 1st overall by the Atlanta Dream in the 2009 WNBA Draft.
WNBA.
Upon joining the Atlanta Dream, McCoughtry soon made a name for herself as an outstanding scorer with excellent penetration and a penchant for drawing the foul. After grabbing Rookie of the Year honors in 2009, she went on to finish third and second in points per game for 2010 and 2011 respectively. She also led the league in free throw attempts twice. On September 8, 2010, McCoughtry set an WNBA playoff record with 42 points in game two of the Eastern Conference Finals against the New York Liberty. In Game 1 of the 2011 WNBA Finals against the Minnesota Lynx, she set Finals records for most points in a quarter (19) and most points in a game (38).
McCoughtry is also heralded as a fine defensive player, not only placing near the top for steals, but also in the top ten for most blocks per game. She has been voted as a member of the league's All Defensive Teams in every year since her rookie season.
In 2012, McCoughtry was suspended by the Dream indefinitely for unspecified reasons.
USA National Team.
McCoughtry was invited to the USA Basketball Women's National Team training camp in the fall of 2009. The team selected to play for the 2010 FIBA World Championship and the 2012 Olympics is usually chosen from these participants. At the conclusion of the training camp, the team travelled to Ekaterinburg, Russia, where they competed in the 2009 UMMC Ekaterinburg International Invitational. 
McCoughtry earned most valuable player honors at the Ekaterinburg International Invitational Tournament, as she helped the USA Basketball team win the competition.
McCoughtry was one of twenty players named to the national team pool. Twelve of this group will be chosen to represent the USA in the 2010 World Championships and the 2012 Olympics.
McCoughtry was named as one of the National team members to represent the USA Basketball team in the WNBA versus USA Basketball. This game replaces the normal WNBA All-Star game with WNBA All-Stars versus USA Basketball, as part of the preparation for the FIBA World Championship for Women to be held in the Czech Republic during September and October 2010.
McCoughtry was one of 21 finalists for the U.S. Women’s Olympic Basketball Team Roster. The 20 professional women's basketball players, plus one collegiate player (Brittney Griner), were selected by the USA Basketball Women’s National Team Player Selection Committee to compete for the final roster which will represent the USA at the 2012 Olympics in London.
Personal life.
McCoughtry grew up in Baltimore, Maryland and graduated from St. Frances Academy, then spent one year at the Patterson School in North Carolina while working to attain NCAA Division I academic eligibility. She is listed at 6'1" tall and wears jersey number 35.

</doc>
<doc id="20701572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701572" title="Central Bank of China (disambiguation)">
Central Bank of China (disambiguation)

Central Bank of China may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20701582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701582" title="Wallau">
Wallau

Wallau im Taunus is a quarter of Hofheim in Main-Taunus-Kreis in Hesse, Germany, and has a population of 4,650.
An archaeological testament to the prehistoric occupation of the area was made when rich Celtic graves were discovered on the west edge of the village in 1959. The first documentary mention of Wallau is in a 950 deed from a donation of Otto I in which the village is referred to as "Wanaloha". In 1563 a Latin school was founded and in 1572 a weekly market. Wallau became part of Hofheim in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20701585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701585" title="Paco railway station">
Paco railway station

Paco Station is a station on the "Southrail" line of the Philippine National Railways. It serves Paco in Manila, Metro Manila. This is also the last station beside Quirino Avenue before turning left towards Pres. Sergio Osmeña Highway (formerly South Superhighway).
It was originally built across Plaza Dilao in the 1900s, which was during the American colonial period. The old station, however, was partly demolished in 1996 by a developer that begun constructing a shopping mall next to it. The demolition was not completed due to the cancellation of the mall construction. In 2009, the old station was replaced with a new station at the corner of Quirino Avenue and Pedro Gil Street.
The San Andres station in San Andres Bukid in Manila follows this station. The Paco Station is preceded by the Pandacan Station. There are also LRT-1 stations that exist not very far from the station, which are Pedro Gil station and Quirino station. It will require a commute from this station to get to those LRT stations.
Nearby landmarks.
The station is near Plaza Dilao, Paco Market, San Fernando de Dilao Church, Paco Catholic School and Colegio de la Inmaculada Concepcion de la Concordia.
History.
General Information.
In 1908 the Manila Belt Line from Tutuban to Paco Station and the railroad line from Paco Station to Binakayan, Cavite was opened.
Construction of the Paco Railroad Station started in 1912 and was completed by 1915.
Second World War.
In the bid to reclaim Manila from the Japanese during World War II, Paco became a bloody battleground for hundreds of lives.
On Feb. 7, 1945, the US 149th Infantry Regiment crossed Pasig River and landed in the suburbs of Pandacan and Paco, where an epic battle took place around the railway station with some 300 Japanese defending it; it was the “first of the urban strong points” the Allied forces encountered.
According to an account, “Japanese had machine gun posts all around the [railroad station, and foxholes with riflemen surrounded each machine gun post. Inside at each corner were sandbag forts with 20mm guns. One large concrete pillbox in the building housed a 37mm gun.”
Over a two-day period, the friendly forces won the encounter but it cost 335 American lives before the resistance was finally smashed and the enemies annihilated.
The battle of Paco produced two Medal of Honor awardees, both members of the U.S. Company B, 148th Infantry, 37th Infantry Division which, along with the 149th Infantry Regiment, had the primary mission to attack Pandacan and Paco.
The heroes of Paco were Technical Sergeant Cleto L. Rodriguez, of Mexican descent, and Private First Class John N. Reese, Jr., an American Indian.

</doc>
<doc id="20701618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701618" title="Coleochaete">
Coleochaete

Coleochaete is a genus of parenchymatous green algae in the family Coleochaetaceae. They are haploid, reproduce asexually, they can be characterised by true multicellular organisation (with plasmodesmata), creating planar sprawling discs on solid surfaces in freshwater streams worldwide, usually as epiphytes on aquatic plants or growing on the surface of stones. They are seen as one of two most probable ancestor groups to land plant species. (The second candidates being the Characeae, the issue - as of 2009 - is still not solved). As they show some of the earliest and simplest features of multicellular plant growth, that makes them ideal model organisms in the field of synthetic biology. They are easy to culture and techniques that have been used to study "Arabidopsis thaliana" are now being applied to the "Coleochaete".
Coleochaete also has a sterile jacket of cells that surround the gametangia, and zygotes that are protected by a layer of sterile cells after fertilization. However, unlike plants, the Charophyceae has zygotic meiosis and therefore could not have been the literal ancestor of plants

</doc>
<doc id="20701619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701619" title="One Lujiazui">
One Lujiazui

One Lujiazui, previously known as Development Tower, is a recently built skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It is one of the one hundred tallest buildings in the world and tied for the 7th tallest in Shanghai with the Bocom Financial Towers. Finished in 2008, the tower stands 269 metres tall. The glass highrise's primary use is as an office building, though it also offers over 6,000 square metres of residential space. One Lujiazui is located near the Lujiazui Central Park, by the Huangpu River.
Designer.
Design Architect : Tomohiko Yamanashi / NIKKEN SEKKEI (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="20701659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701659" title="Josef Bierbichler">
Josef Bierbichler

Josef Bierbichler (born 26 April 1948) is a German actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20701686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701686" title="Bukit Batok Road">
Bukit Batok Road

Bukit Batok Road is a road in Bukit Batok, Singapore.
Description.
Bukit Batok Road connects Jurong Town Hall Road after it ends and is continued by Choa Chu Kang Road after it ends. Bukit Batok Road leads to many roads in Bukit Batok, namely: Bukit Batok West Ave 2, Bukit Batok West Ave 7, Brickland Road, Bukit Batok Ave 5, Jurong Road and Jurong East Ave 1. Bukit Gombak MRT Station is located near Bukit Batok Road. The road is around 3.5 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20701704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701704" title="Changshou Lu Station">
Changshou Lu Station

Changshou Lu Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro that began operations on June28, 1999. It is situated underground at the junction of Changshou Road West () and Baohua Road () in Guangzhou's Liwan District, near the Shangxiajiu shopping area.

</doc>
<doc id="20701709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701709" title="Dum Diane vitrea">
Dum Diane vitrea

Dum Diane vitrea, also known as Nocturne, is a Medieval Latin song known only from the "Carmina Burana", a twelfth-century collection of poems and songs. Like most of the material in the "Carmina", it is an anonymous piece, though some translators have speculated that it is the work of Peter Abelard. It is the 62nd piece from the collection and is part of the grouping referred to as "Love Songs".
Besides being unsure of authorship, scholars are also divided on both the intent and length of the song. Some scholars feel that the song is purely about sleep and that the last four stanzas concerning love were a later addition and the instances of the word "love" in earlier stanzas are the result of transcription errors. Other scholars feel that the entire eight stanzas are the work of a single hand.
__FORCETOC__
Synopsis.
Considered as a single work, the poem contains three parts. In the first part, including stanzas one through four, the topic is centered upon sleep and the beneficial effects of sleep upon the body. In the second part, including stanzas five and six, the focus turns to how sleep is the natural result of - and complement to - love-making. The final two stanzas shift focus again to being purely about love-making.
Analysis.
Structure.
Both the rhyme scheme and meter are irregular, though translators such as John Symonds have sometimes forced the poem into rhyming couplets. Because the poem is only known from a single source, transcription errors, partly illegible phrases, and other mistakes are difficult to identify with certainty and translators and commentators have made a number of emendations to the text. For example, the first line of the fourth stanza in the original text contains the name of Orpheus, the legendary poet and singer from Greek mythology, but many writers have emended this to Morpheus who, as god of dreams and sleeping, seems much more likely to be the name meant. Attempts to emend or otherwise "fix" the text are complicated by concerns that the eight stanzas are the result of multiple authors with differing subject matter (see below). An example of this occurs in the final line of the first stanza where the word "pignora" ("pledges") is used. Within the context of the "whole" version of the poem, it refers to pledges of love, but commentators who do not believe the last half of the poem is part of the original author's work have emended that word to "ponder" ("weights"), which is more in keeping with the subject of sleep.
Background.
There has been a great deal of debate as to the proper structure of the poem; one group of commentators feels that all eight stanzas belong together and are the work of a single author, while the other group feels that only the first four stanzas are original and the last half of the poem is an inferior addition by a later hand. A portion of this second group in fact feels that there are "two" later hands: one which added the fifth and sixth stanzas and another which added the seventh and eighth. 
In the 1930 definitive translation of the entire text of the "Carmina Burana" by Hilka, Schumann, and Bischoff, only the first four stanzas are given in the main text and the remaining four are relegated to a mere footnote for the sake of completeness. In contrast, Peter Dronke argued that all eight stanzas were the work of a single author in his 1965 book, "Medieval Latin and the Rise of the European Love-Lyric", specifically citing the presence of "Dum domus lapidea", an eight stanza parody of "Dum Diane vitrea", later in the "Carmina Burana" text (CB 197). However, translators on both sides of the debate have pointed out that this merely means that the extension of the poem took place before the parody was written and doesn't definitely prove things either way. In his 1993 book, "Love Lyrics from the Carmina Burana", translator P.G. Walsh stresses that examining the text itself is the only proper way to decide the debate, stating that "Stanzas 1-4 form a miniature masterpiece on the single theme of the blessings of night for the wearied lover" while the next two stanzas "ead like a technical discourse on the physiological effects of lovemaking on the eyes" and the final two are merely "banal borrowings."

</doc>
<doc id="20701726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701726" title="Andrew Richardson (cricketer, born 1965)">
Andrew Richardson (cricketer, born 1965)

Andrew Richardson (born 2 June 1965) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Dorset. He was born in Weymouth, Dorset.
Richardson, who made his Minor Counties Championship debut in 1985, made his sole List A appearance in the 1987 NatWest Trophy, against Hampshire. Richardson scored a duck in the game, from the bottom of the batting order.

</doc>
<doc id="20701728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701728" title="Anthony Foot">
Anthony Foot

Anthony Foot (born December 10, 1957) was an English cricketer who played for Dorset. He was born in Shaftesbury, Dorset.
Foot, who made one appearance in the Minor Counties Championship in 1980, became a regular in the team during the 1988 season, and made his sole List A appearance the following year, in a NatWest Trophy match against Kent. Foot scored a duck in the match.
Foot made just two further Minor Counties Championship appearances in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20701729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701729" title="Simon Turrill">
Simon Turrill

Simon Turrill (born May 25, 1962) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a slow right-arm bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Nottinghamshire.
Turrill, who represented Nottinghamshire's Second XI in one match in the 1982 Second XI Championship, made his Dorset debut in the Minor Counties Knock Out Competition of 1986. His NatWest Trophy debut followed later in the same month, and he became a regular for the team in the 1986 Minor Counties Championship.
Turrill's second and final List A match came during the 1987 NatWest Trophy, in a game which once again finished in a heavy first-round defeat for the side.

</doc>
<doc id="20701730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701730" title="Ian Sanders">
Ian Sanders

Ian Edward Wakefield Sanders, born February 26, 1961, at Edinburgh, Scotland, played first-class cricket in one match for Cambridge University and List A cricket in one match for Dorset. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler. 
Sanders made his only first-class appearance for Cambridge University in 1984, in a Cambridge side which also featured, in the first of his 17 first-class cricketing appearances, former rugby union star Rob Andrew.
Sanders joined Dorset for the 1985 season, and played in the Minor Counties Championship for the side for this and the 1986 season.
Sanders made his sole List A appearance in the NatWest Trophy match against Somerset. From the lower order, he scored 2 runs, and took figures of 0-20 from four overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="20701738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701738" title="The Foundation (1984 TV series)">
The Foundation (1984 TV series)

The Foundation (決戰玄武門) is a TVB television series, premiered in 1984. Theme song "In Dream Several Sorrow" (夢裏幾番哀) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Michelle Pau, and the sub theme song "I Cannot See My Tears Flow" (不見我淚流) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Michelle Pau.

</doc>
<doc id="20701778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701778" title="Erick Friedman">
Erick Friedman

Erick Friedman (August 14, 1939 – March 30, 2004) is considered by many as one of the greatest American born violinists of the past century. Erick Friedman's illustrious career took him to many of the great concert stages of the world appearing as guest soloist with most of the great orchestras throughout the United States and abroad: the New York Philharmonic and the National Symphony, the orchestras of New Orleans, Pittsburgh, Miami, Detroit, Indianapolis, the Berlin Philharmonic, Orchestre de Paris and many other major orchestras throughout the world. Karajan, Stokowski, Steinberg, Leinsdorf, Previn, and Ozawa are some of the celebrated conductors with whom he collaborated with. Mr. Friedman's recordings for RCA earned him accolades including the prestigious Grammy Award. Mr. Friedman has been featured playing the Bartók Violin Concerto in an A&E Television Production on Bartók which was released worldwide. His tribute to Fritz Kreisler is available on VHS at online vendors including Amazon. Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco, Isadore Freed, Ezra Laderman, and Laurent Petitgirard are some of the internationally celebrated composers who wrote and/or dedicated compositions to him. Erick Friedman studied at The Juilliard School with Ivan Galamian. At age fourteen he began studies with Nathan Milstein and later worked with the legendary violinist Jascha Heifetz with whom he recorded the Bach Double Violin Concerto for RCA. In the early 1970s, Mr. Friedman was on the violin faculty of the North Carolina School of the Arts. He later held faculty positions at the Manhattan School of Music, Southern Methodist University, and the Yale School of Music.
Friedman was the recipient of the 2000 Ignace J. Paderewski Award for Distinguished Contributions to Society and Culture.
Mr. Friedman died of cancer on March 30, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20701811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701811" title="Take Twelve">
Take Twelve

Take Twelve is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan originally released on the Jazzland label. It was recorded on January 24, 1962 and features performances by Morgan with Clifford Jordan, Barry Harris, Bob Cranshaw and Louis Hayes.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The superior material uplifts the set from being a mere "blowing" date but it generally has the spontaneity of a jam session. It's one of Lee Morgan's lesser-known dates.".

</doc>
<doc id="20701825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701825" title="Phillip Rogers">
Phillip Rogers

Phillip Rogers (August 15, 1812 – December 13, 1856) was a settler of Irish origin who migrated to the Chicago area from Watertown, New York in 1836. He built a cabin on Ridge Avenue and bought a tract of land in the unincorporated area now bounded by Touhy Ave., Western Ave., Ridge Ave., and Morse Ave. from the government for $1.25 an acre. He continued to accumulate land and eventually owned approximately , farming much of it.
Rogers's son-in-law, Patrick L. Touhy, inherited his holdings, subdivided some of the land, and began developing it in the 1870s. In 1878 a village was incorporated and named Rogers Park after Rogers. Following annexation by the City of Chicago in 1893, the neighborhood continued to be called Rogers Park.
Besides the former village and present community area, landmarks named after Rogers include Rogers Avenue, the public park called Rogers Park at 7345 N. Washtenaw Ave., Rogers Beach Park, and the Phillip Rogers Elementary School. As of 1925, ruins of the original Rogers homestead were still present on Ridge Ave., but were not preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20701843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701843" title="Kinderhook Cemetery">
Kinderhook Cemetery

The Kinderhook Cemetery is in Kinderhook, New York. It is notable for being the burial site of Martin Van Buren, the eighth President of the United States, as well as his wife Hannah Van Buren, his son Martin Van Buren, Jr., and his parents, Abraham Van Buren and Mary Van Buren.
External links.
Kinderhook Cemetery on Find a Grave

</doc>
<doc id="20701893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701893" title="Chen Clan Academy Station">
Chen Clan Academy Station

Chen Clan Academy Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Guangzhou Metro. It started operations on 28June 1999 and is situated underground Zhongshan 7th Road () in the Liwan District. The station was named after the nearby Chen Clan Academy, an academy constructed by the Chen family for their juniors' accommodation and study in Guangzhou during the Qing Dynasty (16441911).

</doc>
<doc id="20701930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701930" title="Iranian Plate">
Iranian Plate

The Iranian Plate is thought to underlie Iran and Afghanistan, and parts of Pakistan and Iraq. 
It is compressed between the Arabian Plate to the south and the Eurasian Plate to the north. This compression is likely a cause for the very mountainous terrain of the area including the Zagros Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20701936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701936" title="Black American Racers Association">
Black American Racers Association

The Black American Racers Association (BARA) was founded in August 1972 in Trenton, New Jersey by Leonard W. Miller, Ron Hines, Eugene Gadson, and Charles Singleton. BARA was formed to give recognition to black racing drivers, crews, mechanics, car owners, and other members of the auto racing community and corporations that help promote black racing development. BARA ceased operations in 1978.
Objectives.
BARA's short-term goals were to publicize to the American public the all but forgotten achievements of blacks in racing, to interest minority youth in racing-oriented careers, and to increase black spectator interest in motor sports.
Long-term goals included educating BARA’s membership in building successful racing teams, reducing sponsorship inequities facing black racers and teams, and supporting the continuation and growth of racing in general.
Membership and programs.
In 1974, BARA’s regular membership cost $10, and a lifetime membership was $100. Both levels received decals, patches, and newsletters. The most distinctive benefit of BARA membership was a membership card honored for discounts by speed shops and auto stores throughout the United States. Those noted in the association's yearbook included Hollywood Sam’s in Detroit and Trio Auto Supply in Trenton, New Jersey.
Conventions, award recipients and sponsors.
In BARA’s five years in existence, its membership grew to nearly 5000 persons, including several car clubs. Each year BARA sponsored a dinner dance honoring black racing’s most accomplished individuals. Sumner "Red" Oliver, a black racing pioneer from Indianapolis, was honored at BARA’s first convention in Trenton, New Jersey in 1974, for his success as a driver from the 1920s through the 1950s and as a mechanic on the United States Auto Club (USAC) championship circuit. In the 1970s, Oliver was a crew member on the Patrick Petroleum-Wally Dallenbach Indy car team. Corporate recognition at the 1974 convention included the BARA-Schaefer Brewing Company Award to "Stock Car Racing" magazine for its coverage of blacks in racing in 1973, and to Champion Spark Plug Company for its support of black racing development.
BARA’s 1975 convention in Arlington, Virginia honored Wendell Scott, the well-known, longtime NASCAR competitor from Danville, Virginia and BARA’s first vice-president. Scott was the only black to win a NASCAR race, in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1961. The 1975 BARA–Schaefer Brewing Company awards were presented to the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company for its historic pioneering sponsorship of Black American Racers Inc., a Formula Super Vee Gold Cup and Formula 5000 road racing team with driver Benny Scott, and to Wendell Scott for his pioneering efforts in NASCAR. (The Ford Motor Company refused to recognize Scott's accomplishments at the awards banquet.)
At BARA’s 1976 convention BARA’s first president, Malcolm Durham, was honored for his historic accomplishments in drag racing. Durham won many times on the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) circuit and was well known on the associated match racing circuit with his "Strip Blazer" Pro Stock drag cars. He was the successful owner-operator of Supercar Engineering, a racing car shop in Hyattsville, Maryland, until his death in 2006. His sponsors included Pennzoil, Cragar Industries, A&A Fiberglass, Inc., Accel Ignitions, Edelbrock Corporation, Champion Spark Plug Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Hurst Performance, the motor oil company STP, and Fram filters.
At the 1977 convention, BARA honored Tommy Thompson of Somerset, New Jersey, for his accomplishments as the driver and chief mechanic for the Black American Racers, Inc. (BAR) Formula Super Vee road racer. Thompson won the Northeast Sports Car Club of America (SCCA) Formula Super Vee Championship in 1977 - the first black to accomplish such a feat. At this convention - prior to his first professional fight - BARA awarded Sugar Ray Leonard a lifetime membership for inspiring youth in the Baltimore area and around the country to achieve in sports. Tommy Thompson, who later died in a crash at a 1978 race in Trenton, was recognized with awards from STP, Trio Auto Supply of Trenton, and Detroit-based General Kinetics Cams.
Publications.
BARA published a "Black Racers Yearbook" in 1974. It was an official annual publication of BARA and sold for one dollar. The publication had 32 pages and consisted of articles covering topics such as how to obtain sponsorship and challenges for black racers. It was the only yearbook the association published. This now rare publication covered black racing history from the 1930s to the early 1970s. Seven major corporations placed ads in the yearbook, and it sold thousands of copies in the United States.
BARA also published a monthly newsletter, which highlighted accomplishments by blacks in all phases of auto racing around the United States. 
Association race event.
On March 10, 1974, at Madison Township Raceway Park in Englishtown, New Jersey, BARA sponsored Englishtown’s 1974 opening program, a Pro Stock Race featuring the United Soul Racing Team. This race included many of drag racing’s African American stars of the time, including Rufus "Brooklyn Heavy" Boyd, "Strip Blazer" Malcolm Durham, Bill "Tuff Rabbit" White, "Wicked" Will Smallwood, Sam Carroll, and Joe Fisher, driving Ronald Lyle’s Hemi Colt. Herb McCandless drove Brooklyn Heavy’s second car. More than 25,000 spectators were in attendance for this event. 
Legacy.
BARA’s first chairman, Leonard W. Miller, remains one of America’s most knowledgeable authorities on the history of blacks in motor racing. He has been owner and president of various winning teams in drag racing, road racing, dirt track racing, and oval track racing. He is the author of "Silent Thunder: Breaking Through Cultural, Racial, and Class Barriers in Motorsports" (2004), a chronicle of his life in auto racing.
Miller and Ron Hines, who was BARA’s first secretary, enter their classic cars and street rods at auto shows in the Northeast. They are both in contact with Eugene Gadson, who is a retired psychologist. Charles Singleton, a car collector, is assistant manager of a funeral home in New Jersey. Both Gadson and Singleton are dedicated NASCAR fans. They have attended NASCAR races since 1968, including the Daytona 500.

</doc>
<doc id="20701940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701940" title="Volodymyr Atamanyuk">
Volodymyr Atamanyuk

Volodymyr Mykolayovych Atamanyuk (, born 13 June 1955 in Ukraine) is a retired Soviet football player and an Ukrainian coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20701945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701945" title="Trachycarpus martianus">
Trachycarpus martianus

Trachycarpus martianus (also known as Martius' fan palm) is a species in the genus "Trachycarpus" from two distinct populations, one at in the Khasia Hills, Meghalaya Province, in northeast India, the other at in central northern Nepal. There may be well be other populations. The main identifying characteristics are the regular leaf splits (to about half way), the coffee bean shaped seeds (similar looking to "Trachycarpus latisectus") and the bare, as opposed to fibrous trunk. The new leaf spear and edges of the petioles are covered with a white tomentum.
The species is named after the German botanist Karl Friedrich Phillip Martius (1794-1868).

</doc>
<doc id="20701951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701951" title="José Becerra">
José Becerra

Jesus "Hit man" Becerra (15 April 1936 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a retired Mexican boxer. He became world champion in the bantamweight division.
Early life.
Becerra was the youngest of five children; born to a rich family. His parents were Maria Covarrubias and Jesus Becerra. At age 12, in the 5th grade, Jose quit school to work in a carriage repair shop. 
Becerra was discovered by veteran Mexican fight manager, Pancho Rosales, who developed the youngster's skills.
Professional career.
Becerra received his first public notice in the Mexican sports world by scoring an upset over the vastly more experienced Manuel Armenteros. After some ups and downs, Becerra earned a top 10 ranking by knocking out former world champion Mario D'Agata. A short time later, Becerra won the World Bantamweight Championship with a knockout over Alphonse Halimi. 
After two successful title defenses, Becerra lost a stunning upset, being knocked out by club-fighter Eloy Sanchez in a non-title fight. Becerra was so dejected by the defeat that he announced his retirement at age 24. 
In 1962, Mexican club fighter, Rudy Coronado was seriously injured in a fight. On a special benefit show for Coronado and his family, Becerra returned to the ring and won a 6 round decision over Alberto Martinez. Becerra donated his fight-purse to the injured boxer's family. Becerra never fought again.
Exhibition Tour.
As world champion, Becerra went on a successful exhibition tour which drew big crowds. The tour was as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20701967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701967" title="New Year's Nation">
New Year's Nation

New Year's Nation is the only event of its kind in the United States, connecting thousands of people in multiple cities on the biggest night of the year. The New York-based company, founded by Jann Yogman, throws a simultaneous New Year's Eve party across four time zones. Guests from coast-to-coast can celebrate with friends in other cities and toast the new year every time the clock strikes midnight. 
On December 31, 2006, New Year's Nation hosted 5,000 guests at a national New Year's Eve bash in five U.S. cities of New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Dallas and Boston, all connected by streaming video on giant plasma screens.
In 2007, New Year's Nation expanded the New Year's Eve party to the eight U.S. cities of Boston, Los Angeles, Dallas, Detroit, Denver, New York, Philadelphia and Seattle. 
In 2008, New Year's Nation held their partys in 10 U.S. cities: Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, Las Vegas, Minneapolis, New York, Philadelphia, Portland and Seattle. Travis Barker and DJ-AM (Adam Goldstein) performed at New Year's Nation's Los Angeles party at The Wiltern, and their performance were streamed live in high-definition quality on the Internet at newyearsnation.com, and broadcast live through NYN-TV. This was their first show together since they were in a post-concert plane crash in September 2008.
In 2010, www.newyearsnation has been turned off. Error pages from Culture Pilot display in place.

</doc>
<doc id="20701987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701987" title="Better Halves (TV series)">
Better Halves (TV series)

Better Halves (金牌冰人) is a TVB costume television series, premiered in 2003. Theme song "Beautiful Fate" (美麗緣份) composition and arrangement by Joseph Koo, lyricist by Wong Jim, sung by Steven Ma.
Plot summary.
Quan Jiafu (Steven Ma), Lian Baihe (Maggie Cheung Ho-yee) and Linghu Hi (Joyce Koi) are matchmakers in ancient China. Quan and Lian acting in a private capacity and Linghu Hi in an official government capacity. In the course of their business Quan and Lian come into conflict, before deciding that they can maximise profits by working together. Despite finding matches for others Quan and Lian find it impossible to find a spouse for themselves, until they discover that their parents had already long ago arranged a betrothal between the two.
Linghu Hi is a woman who has to pretend to be a male in order to fulfill her family's hereditary office of court match maker, this leads to difficulties when she falls in love with Gao Fei (Moses Chan) in a society intolerant of homosexuals.

</doc>
<doc id="20701997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20701997" title="Pearl Spring chess tournament">
Pearl Spring chess tournament

The Pearl Spring Chess Tournament (中国(南京)国际象棋超级大赛) is a double round robin chess tournament event featuring six super-GM players that takes place in Nanjing, China. The first edition in December 2008 was won by Veselin Topalov. According to ChessVibes website, Silvio Danailov - the manager and coach of Topalov - said the Pearl Spring tournament has been "guaranteed for five years and will enter in Grand Slam 2009." The second and third tournaments in 2009 and 2010 were both won by Magnus Carlsen, with his first win being rated as one of the best performances in chess history.
Together with Corus Chess Tournament in the Netherlands, Linares Chess Tournament in Spain, M-Tel Masters in Bulgaria, and Grand Slam Masters Final in Spain, Nanjing Pearl Spring Chess Tournament has become one of the five Grand Slam Tournaments in the world. It is the first in Asia and the only one in China.
Venue.
The tournament is named after the venue, the Mingfa Pearl Spring Hotel located in Pukou District of Nanjing.
Organization.
The tournament is organized by the Municipal People's Government of Nanjing and Chess & Cards Administration Center of General Administration of Sport of China, and the People's Government of Pukou District, Nanjing, and Nanjing Administration of Sport
The organization web site does not disclose the player invitation criteria or protocol. In each of the first three years, one participant was of Chinese nationality.
Sponsorship.
The tournament is sponsored by Jiangsu Kanion Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., "Yangzi Evening News", and Mundell International University of Entrepreneurship. The total prize fund is €250,000 with a first prize of €80,000.
Support.
The tournament has received support from FIDE, the European Chess Union (ECU) and the Asian Chess Federation.
Guests.
Guests invited to the opening ceremony included Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, President of the World Chess Federation; Boris Kutin, President of ECU; Sheikh Sultan, President of ACU and Liang Zhirong, Secretary-General of FIDE, Xu Jialu, Vice-chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress and Nobel Prize winner, Robert A. Mundell.
Results.
2008.
10-22 December
The six players were Veselin Topalov of Bulgaria (Elo rating 2791, ranked first in the world); Vassily Ivanchuk of Ukraine (Elo rating 2786, ranked third in the world); Levon Aronian of Armenia (Elo rating 2757, ranked seventh in the world); Sergei Movsesian of Slovakia (Elo rating 2732, ranked thirteenth in the world); Peter Svidler of Russia (Elo rating 2727, ranked seventeenth in the world); Bu Xiangzhi of China (Elo rating 2714, ranked twenty-sixth in the world). With at least an Elo rating average of 2751.6, it was a category 21 tournament making it the strongest chess tournament ever held in China.
2009.
September 27 - October 9 (Category 21, 2764)
First tournament of the Grand Slam series 2009-2010.
2010.
The 3rd edition of the tournament took place from October 19 to October 30; with at least an Elo rating average of 2766, it was a category 21 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20702113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702113" title="Seapoint RFC">
Seapoint RFC

Seapoint RFC is acommunity based Irish rugby club located in Killiney, County Dublin. The club also provides a key focal point for players attending rugby schools who live in the Cabinteely/Killiney/Ballybrack and greater Dun Laoghaire area.
Seapoint has a strong emphasis on developing young players through its Mini & Youths Rugby systems, with many players from the Mini's going on to rugby schools at Secondary level and returning to the club at U-20 level. These are supplemented by the large number of players from the many non-rugby schools in the immediate surrounding area who traditionally make up the clubs youths sides.
In season 2009/2010 they played in Division One of the Leinster League, at the conclusion of the league Seapoint emerged as Leinster champions for the All Ireland League Play-offs against the champions of Connacht, Munster & Ulster.
In the play-offs Seapoint faced City of Derry RFC (Ulster), Richmond RFC (Munster) and finally Monivea RFC (Connacht).
Seapoint won all of the games in the AIL Play offs and so for season 2010-11 the club were promoted to Senior club status and as a result meant that they would play in Division 3 of the All-Ireland League.
An amazingly sucssesful first season in the senior ranks in the which the club topped their League for much of the season culminated in Seapoint finishing in Second place in Division Three and the club as result achieved further promotion to All-Ireland League Division 2a for season 2011-12.
Club Colours.
The Club colors are Black, Royal Blue and Green, with hooped jerseys and socks and Black shorts.
Club honours.
Since 1973, Seapoint has won the following:
Representative Honours.
Connacht Schools.
The late Aidan Williams, who served with distinction for many years on the committee of the Association of Referees (Leinster Branch), was honoured with the presidency of that august body in the season 1978-1979

</doc>
<doc id="20702118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702118" title="Woodward Hill Cemetery">
Woodward Hill Cemetery

Woodward Hill Cemetery is a 32 acre historic rural or garden cemetery in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. It was founded by the Trinity Lutheran Church of Lancaster in 1850, but became a non-denominational cemetery in 1856. It is known for being the burial place of James Buchanan, the 15th President of the United States. In 2005 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. 

</doc>
<doc id="20702129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702129" title="Stepan Molokutsko">
Stepan Molokutsko

Stepan Molokutsko (born 18 August 1979 in Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union; died October 5, 2002) was a Ukrainian footballer. He perished in a car accident near a settlement of Novotroitske, Donetsk Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="20702158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702158" title="Fugitive Kind">
Fugitive Kind

Fugitive Kind is a 1937 play written by Tennessee Williams. The play is evocative of a Clifford Odets Depression era play. The action takes place in a flophouse in Two Rivers, Mississippi during the waning days of 1936, as the New Year 1937 is imminent. The play features a lonesome clerk, who oversees a hotel that houses a collection of alcoholic losers and a rebellious college student. The owner of the hotel is an obsessive Jew. The clerk is befriended by an on-the-run gangster, Terry Meighan, who claims to be a victim of the corrupt social system. He represents hope to the hotel clerk.

</doc>
<doc id="20702161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702161" title="Dejémonos de vainas">
Dejémonos de vainas

Dejémonos de vainas was a long-running Colombian sitcom, created by Daniel Samper Pizano and broadcast weekly between 1983 and 1998. Bernardo Romero Pereiro scripted and directed some episodes.
The show, which depicted a "typical" middle-class family in Bogotá, was loosely based on Samper Pizano's own life. The protagonist, Juan Ramón Vargas, is a sports journalist working for "El Clima" (a spoof of "El Tiempo"), and lives with his wife, Renata, and his three children.
Spin-offs.
After Teresita got married with John Millhouse Clemens (Jimmy Bernal), RCN TV produced the spin-off series "Te quiero, Pecas", broadcast between 18 August 1988 and 25 March 1994.
Soundtrack.
The theme song for "Dejémonos de vainas" was Rose Royce's "Yo Yo".

</doc>
<doc id="20702166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702166" title="Gamma Epsilon Tau">
Gamma Epsilon Tau

Gamma Epsilon Tau (GET) is a co-ed American collegiate honors fraternity for graphic artists. As of 2013 the fraternity has eight active chapters, with the national chapter located at the Rochester Institute of Technology in Rochester, NY.
History.
Gamma Epsilon Tau was originally formed in 1953 at an annual conference of the International Graphic Arts Education Association (IGAEA) held in New York City. Members of the printing-oriented group Xi Omicron Pi from the University of California at Santa Barbara worked with another group on the East Coast establish the fraternity. This coincided with an increase in graphic design programs in American higher education.
The fraternity is national co-educational honor society focused on graphic arts education. GET provides professional and social networking opportunities to undergraduates and alumni. Prospective members must meet certain academic, moral, and participatory standards to join the organization. 
Active chapters.
Zeta: Rochester Institute of Technology 
Epsilon: Ferris State University
Gamma: New York City College of Technology 
Iota: Pittsburg State University
Mu: Murray State University 
Nu: Appalachian State University
Xi: Clemson University 

</doc>
<doc id="20702181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702181" title="Callisia">
Callisia

Callisia is a genus of flowering plants in the spiderwort family, Commelinaceae. Members of the genus are commonly known as Roselings. The generic name is derived from the Greek word καλλον ("kallos"), meaning "beauty."
Some of the "Callisia" family may cause allergic reactions in pets (especially cats and dogs), characterised by red, itchy skin. Notable culprits are "C. fragrans" (Inch Plant) and "C. repens" (Turtle Vine).

</doc>
<doc id="20702189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702189" title="Blumentritt railway station">
Blumentritt railway station

Blumentritt station is a station on the South Main Line ("Southrail") of the Philippine National Railways. Like all PNR stations, it is at grade. It is located at the corner of Old Antipolo Street and Rizal Avenue in Sampaloc, Manila and derives its name from nearby Blumentritt Road, which is named after the Czech professor Ferdinand Blumentritt, friend of José Rizal and sympathizer of the Filipino cause.
The station is the second station southbound from Tutuban and is the first of four Southrail stations serving Sampaloc. 
Blumentritt station is one of four stations whose original platforms have been retained for service. However, it is unique in the sense that the new platforms designed to accommodate new PNR diesel multiple units are not connected to the station's original platforms, unlike solutions employed at stations such as España, where the new platforms are directly connected to the original ones. The old platforms are still used to accommodate Commuter Express locomotives and especially intercity trains.
Nearby landmarks.
The station is near major landmarks such as the Blumentritt Market, SM City San Lazaro (previously the San Lazaro Hippodrome), the Chinese General Hospital and Medical Center and the Manila Chinese Cemetery. Further away from the station are the Manila North Cemetery, La Loma Cemetery, Lourdes School of Quezon City and St. Theresa's College, Quezon City.
Transportation links.
Blumentritt station is accessible by jeepneys plying the Rizal Avenue route. Cycle rickshaws are also used to navigate around the station's immediate vicinity.
A Manila Light Rail Transit System station, also named Blumentritt, is located immediately above the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20702195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702195" title="Battle of Dalton">
Battle of Dalton

At least three conflicts during the American Civil War are sometimes known as Battle of Dalton:

</doc>
<doc id="20702198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702198" title="LMFAO (disambiguation)">
LMFAO (disambiguation)

LMFAO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20702209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702209" title="Larry Shannon">
Larry Shannon

Larry David Shannon, Jr. (born February 2, 1975 in Gainesville, Florida) is a former American football wide receiver of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the third round of the 1998 NFL Draft. He played college football at East Carolina.
Shannon was also a member of the Oakland Raiders and Jacksonville Jaguars.
He is now an assistant football coach at Venice High School in Venice, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20702232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702232" title="Vasyl Shved">
Vasyl Shved

Vasyl Shved (born 11 December 1971) is a retired football player.
Shved began his playing career with FC Skala Stryi in the Ukrainian First League. He moved to Ukrainian Premier League side FC Karpaty Lviv in July 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20702236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702236" title="Juan Fernández Plate">
Juan Fernández Plate

The Juan Fernández Plate is a small tectonic plate located at the triple junction between the Nazca Plate, Antarctic Plate and the Pacific Plate. It is moving in a clockwise direction. The Juan Fernández Islands of Chile are not carried on this plate as may be suggested by the name.

</doc>
<doc id="20702292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702292" title="Maria Cristina (Barcelona Metro)">
Maria Cristina (Barcelona Metro)

Maria Cristina is a Barcelona Metro station (on line L3), in addition to a Trambaix stop, served by lines T1, T2 and T3. 
It's located in Avinguda Diagonal, between carrer del Doctor Ferran and Gran Via de Carles III, in front of the La Caixa headquarters, in La Maternitat i Sant Ramon, in the district of Les Corts. The metro station was opened in 1975, along with all the stations that span from Sants Estació to Zona Universitària. The tram station was inaugurated in 2004, the year regular Trambaix service started.

</doc>
<doc id="20702326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702326" title="IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium">
IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium

The IEEE/MTT-S International Microwave Symposium (IMS) is an annual technical professional conference specializing in RF/Microwave theory and applications that is a combination of multiple technical conferences and a commercial exhibition. The IMS is the largest gathering of RF/Microwave professionals in the world (7,300 to 12,000 total attendance in recent years) and is organized and sponsored by the IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society (MTT-S).
IMS (also called “Microwave Week” or “MTT Show”) has annually occurred since 1957 in various locations in North America (and Hawaii in 2007). The event evolved from the annual meeting of the MTT-S (originally called PGMTT). 
In addition to the IMS activities, IMS hosts the IEEE RFIC Symposium and the summer Automated RF Techniques Group (ARFTG) Conference. The combination of these events lead to over 1,000 technical presentations in the form of technical podium sessions, poster sessions, workshops and panels for 2,500 technical program attendees. 
IMS has included a commercial exhibition (“trade show”) since 1972. Typically, varying on site and the state of the industry’s economy, the exhibit space runs greater than 150K sq ft, 800+ 10x10 booth equivalents displaying the wares and services of 500+ exhibitors from around the world.
The IMS is organized by a local MTT-S volunteer steering committee with the help of a professional event manager and a professional exhibition manager.
Related Conferences.
Additional MTT-S sponsored conferences

</doc>
<doc id="20702338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702338" title="List of highways in Sonora">
List of highways in Sonora

The following is a list of highways in Sonora.

</doc>
<doc id="20702359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702359" title="Danny Kerry">
Danny Kerry

Danny Kerry (born 10 January 1982) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Poole, Dorset.
Kerry made a single List A appearance, in the C&G trophy in August 2002, against Worcestershire Cricket Board. From the middle of the order, he scored two runs with the bat, and bowled four overs, conceding 20 runs.
Kerry played for Winchmore Hill in the Cockspur Cup and the Evening Standard Challenge Trophy between 2004 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20702360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702360" title="James Elliot-Square">
James Elliot-Square

James Elliot-Square (born 22 May 1983) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batmsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Elliot-Square, who made his debut Minor Counties Championship appearance for Dorset during the 2001 season, played in his only List A match in September 2001, against Scotland. Batting in the lower order, Elliot-Square scored a single run, and took bowling figures of 0-21 from three overs.
Most recently, Elliot-Square played for Surrey side Esher in the Cockspur Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20702362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702362" title="Andrew Bell (cricketer)">
Andrew Bell (cricketer)

Andrew Bell (born 22 January 1982) is an English former cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Chester-Le-Street. He was born in Newcastle, England. 
Bell made a single List A appearance for the side, against Scotland in September 2001. He scored 22 not out, but was unable to save Chester Le Street from a ten-wicket defeat.
He is now a PE teacher in Framwellgate School, Durham

</doc>
<doc id="20702369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702369" title="Kris Stewart (director and producer)">
Kris Stewart (director and producer)

Kris Stewart is Artistic Director at Brisbane Powerhouse, a multidisciplinary arts and cultural precinct and one of the most innovative and lively arts centres in the world. Prior to the appointment with Brisbane Powerhouse, Kris was Artistic Director at Festival of Voices, Tasmania's largest winter cultural event. As founder and Artistic Director of the Sydney Fringe festival in 2010 and again in 2013, Kris programmed 3000 artists across more than 250 shows and events in 53 inner city venues that were seen by 100 000 attendees. From 2008 to 2011 Kris was the Resident Director for the Gordon Frost Organisation in Australia for the blockbuster musical Wicked, overseeing the show artistically including casting, rehersing and management of the local creative team.
In 2004 Kris founded the New York Musical Theatre Festival (NYMF), the world's largest annual musical theatre event. Through his production company Red Sand Media Partners, LLC, Kris Stewart is one the producers of the Obie and Drama Desk award winning Title of show, which opened on Broadway July 17 2008 at the Lyceum Theatre, and the feature film Red Hook, a teen thriller shot in NYC in 2007 for ‘08 release. 
Kris Stewart was Executive Director of the National Music Theatre Network and Resident Director on shows that included Sisterella, Gael Force Dance, Disney’s "Beauty and the Beast", "Chess", and "Jekyll & Hyde". In Australia, he has directed for The Production Company, State Opera of South Australia, Melbourne Theatre Company, IMG, Opera Australia and has directed multiple new musicals .
Kris Stewart and NYMF received the $100,000 Jujamcyn Theaters Prize, which is given annually to an international theatre organisation that has made an outstanding contribution to the development of creative talent for the theatre. Further to this, his work has been recognised with the 2000 Sir Keith Murdoch Prize for Leadership and Innovation and a 2001 Churchill Fellowship, as well as Green Room Awards and Helpmann Awards and other prizes, including Best Production of 1996 for Skylight, and the SANTOS Emerging Director Prize (1996) and nominations for the Ockrent Fellowship (NYC) and the Young Australian of the Year. Kris Stewart is an alumnus of the Lincoln Center Theater's Director's Lab and the Commercial Theater Institute (NYC), and completed his post-graduate study at the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20702375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702375" title="Charles J. Bowles">
Charles J. Bowles

Charles J. (“Chuck”) Bowles was a professor of physical education and human anatomy at Willamette University for twenty-five years. He was also Willamette’s highly regarded cross-country and track and field coach. His teams won 20 Northwest Conference championships and 16 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics District 2 championships. During his time at Willamette, Bowles coached 160 individual conference champions and 50 All-American athletes. His men’s cross-country teams won both conference and district titles five consecutive years between 1978 and 1982, and his men’s track and field team won nine of ten conference championships between 1978 and 1987. Today, the largest cross-country meet in the western United States is named in his honor, and one of the largest track and field events in the Pacific Northwest also bears his name. 
Early life.
Bowles was born 28 March 1922 in Portland, Oregon. He attended high school in Portland, and then the University of Portland. While a student at the University of Portland, he climbed Mount Hood. At the top he met Barbara Pitts, who was a student at Willamette University. They married in 1943. That same year, Bowles graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Portland. He served in the United States Navy during the latter part of World War II. Then returned to the University of Portland, where he received the schools first Master of Science degree in 1947.
Educator and coach.
After graduating, he taught and was assistant track coach at the University of Portland before moving to Lake Oswego High School. At Lake Owego he taught chemistry and coached both cross-country and the track and field team. From 1961 to 1965, Bowles lived in Eugene, Oregon. While there he earned a PhD in physiology of exercise from the University of Oregon, and served as the university’s freshman track coach and assistant varsity track coach under Bill Bowerman. 
In 1965, Bowles accepted a position a Willamette University in Salem, Oregon. At Willamette, he taught physical education and human anatomy. He also coached the university’s cross-country and track and field teams. He served as athletic director from 1973 to 1976. At Willamette, Bowles led his teams to 20 Northwest Conference championships and 16 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics District 2 championships. As a coach, Bowles worked with individual athletes to bring out their best performances. As a result, he produced 160 individual conference champions and 50 All-American athletes. His men’s cross-country teams won both conference and district titles every year between 1978 and 1982, and his men’s track and field team won nine of ten conference championships between 1978 and 1987 including seven consecutive championships. Bowles retired in 1990 at the age of 67. After retirement, he continued to assist and support Willamette’s cross-country and track programs until his death in December 2005.
Legacy.
Bowles founded the "Zena Road Run", sponsored summer all-comers track meets, and fall all-comers cross-country meets for kids. He also directed the "Governor’s Trophy Run" in its early years. He received the "Oregon Sports Merit Award" in 1983. In 1991, Bowles was inducted into the "Willamette University Athletic Hall of Fame" in recognition of his outstanding contributions to the heritage and tradition of the university’s intercollegiate athletics program. Today, the Willamette Valley Road Runners present the annual "Charles J. Bowles Award" for significant contributions to the field of running and fitness.
In 1975, Willamette University began hosting the "Charles Bowles Invitational Cross-Country Meet". Willamette also hosts the "Charles Bowles Spring Break Classic", which is one of the largest track and field events in the Pacific Northwest. The Charles Bowles Classic draws over 400 athletes to Salem each spring for a full range of track and field events. Finally, Willamette University’s track and field complex at McCulloch Stadium is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20702383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702383" title="Hennadiy Moroz">
Hennadiy Moroz

Hennadiy Moroz (; born March 27, 1975 in Dnipropetrovsk) is a retired Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Obolon Kyiv.

</doc>
<doc id="20702407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702407" title="Weaponry (radio program)">
Weaponry (radio program)

Weaponry, on WBAI radio, is the only regularly scheduled broadcast program about weapons on the air in the United States. 
Devoted to military and aviation technology, history, hardware, policy, news, reviews, and analysis, all interspersed with totally inappropriate music, "Weaponry" has been on the air since 1982, on WBAI radio, 99.5 FM in the New York City metropolitan area Wednesday mornings (late-night Tuesdays) from 1:00 a.m. to 2:00 a.m. A 90-day archive is also available on the station's site.
Over the years, guests have included a number of historians and specialists in the fields of military and aviation science, history, and technology, among them Eric Foner and Albert Nofi. General William Westmoreland was a guest, as was the Captain of the USS Vincennes after the Iran Air shoot-down. General Paul Tibbets, MOH Medevac helicopter pilot Michael Novosel, Wake Island battle veterans, the sole survivor of Torpedo Squadron 8 at Midway, and other guests have also appeared over the years.
Tom Wisker, the host of "Weaponry" since its inception, is a member of board of the New York Military Affairs Symposium, and of several other military and aviation historical organizations. He is a scholar of the USAAF early in the Pacific War, the Israeli Air Force, and TACAIR in general.

</doc>
<doc id="20702483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702483" title="Youngs Memorial Cemetery">
Youngs Memorial Cemetery

Youngs Memorial Cemetery is a small cemetery near the hamlet of Oyster Bay, New York in the United States of America. It is located approximately one and a half miles south of Sagamore Hill National Historic Site. The cemetery was chartered in 1900 and was located on land owned by the Youngs family.
Theodore Roosevelt, the twenty-sixth President of the United States, and his wife Edith Roosevelt are buried at Youngs.

</doc>
<doc id="20702547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702547" title="Rose Bernd">
Rose Bernd

Rose Bernd is a stage drama in five acts by Gerhart Hauptmann. It premiered October 31, 1903 in Berlin.
Dramatic characters.
BERND, deacon
ROSE BERND, older daughter
MARTHEL, younger daughter
CHRISTOPHER FLAMM, landowner and magistrate
MRS. FLAMM, wife to Flamm
ARTHUR STRECKMANN. machinist
AUGUST KEIL. bookbinder
HAHN. HEINZEL. GOLISCH. KLEINERT, field Labourers
OLD MRS. GOLISCH
THE HEAD MAID SERVANT
THE ASSISTANT MAID SERVANT
A CONSTABLE
Plot.
Rose Bernd speaks to a friend, Flamm, with whom she is now uncomfortable. He flirts with her: "Rosie, give me your dear, good, faithful little paw. By heaven, Rosie! Look here, I'm a deucedly queer fellow! I'm damned fond of my dear old woman; that's as true as ..." Rose hides her face in her arm and says: "You make me want to die o' shame." Flamm complains of his wife: "Nine solid years she's been bedridden; at most she creeps around in a wheel chair.- Confound it all, what good is that sort o' thing to me?" Later, Streckman greets her, and insinuates he knows of her doings under a field-crucifix with Squire Flamm from Diessdorf. Father Bernd, a deacon, wishes Rose to marry August Keil, a bookbinder, whose health is weak. Rose intimates it would be better to delay the wedding, already the case for 3 years! Keil takes the matter in good stride: "I'm made for misfortune! An' that's what I've always told you, Father Bernd, in spite of it all I've taken thought an' I've worked an' God has given his blessin' so that I've not fallen by the wayside. But I can weep; these things aren't for me!" Father Bernd and Keil leave, disappointed. Mrs Flamm seeks to find out the reason behind Rose's delays, and guesses that she is pregnant. Having lost a son, Mrs Flamm, alone, exclaims: "Ah, lass, 'tis a good fortune that you have, not an evil! There's none that's greater for a woman! Hold it fast!" Finally, Rose decides to marry Keil, with Flamm's baby inside her belly. Rose admits loving Flamm, and he loves her, but, he being married, the situation is hopeless. Streckmann returns, and Rose accuses him: "I ran to you in the awful terror o' my heart! An' I begged you for the love o' God not to put nothin' between me an' August. I crept on my knees before you- an' you say, you, I ran after you! What was it truly? You committed a crime- a crime against me! An' that's worse'n a scoundrel's trick! 'Twas a crime- doubly and trebly! An' the Lord'll bring it home to you!" Streckmann jealously says: "I'm as good as Flamm. An' I don't want no more goin's on between you an' him!" Rose answers: "I'll jump into his bed, scoundrel! An' it wouldn't concern you that much!" She continues her accusations: "You pounced on me like a wild beast! I know! I tried to get out by the door! An' you took hold an' you rent my bodice an' my skirt! I bled! I might ha' gotten out by the door!" Bernd and Keil hear part of Rose's accusations. Baited, Streckmann strikes back, hitting Keil and calling Rose "a wench that's common to anybody as wants her..." Keil loses an eye. In their home, Mr and Mrs Flamm discuss his adultery. Later, Mrs Flamm attempts to hear Rose about the court proceedings, Father Bernd taking Streckmann to court for slandering his daughter. Rose failed to contradict Strackmann, for which Mrs. Flamm accuses her: "An' didn't you tell the truth, girl? You lied when you were under oath, maybe?- Haven't you any idea what that means an' what you've done? How did you happen to do that? How could you think o' such a thing?, whereupon Rose cries out brokenly: "I was so ashamed!" In Bernd's cottage, Keil tells him: "Father, you'll have to withdraw your suit." He refuses. Keil retorts: "Our Rose habeen but a weak human bein' like others." Bernd is stunned and answers confusedly : "No. I don't understand you rightly!" Rose arrives. Bernd is bitter against her, but Keil will stand by her, though worried about her perjury. Rose cries out: "O Jesus, Jesus, what did I do? Why did I go an' creep home? Why didn't I stay with my little baby?" Stunned that she had given birth, Keil asks: "With whom?" When a constable arrives to sign papers related to the court proceedings, Rose confesses to the murder of her baby.
Text.
An English translation can be found at http://www.archive.org/details/thedramaticworks09972gut
TV adaptations.
It has been adapted for TV four times, in 1919, 1957, 1962 and 1998. The 1998 version, directed by Valentin Jeker, featured Johanna Wokalek as Rose Bernd. Wokalek received three newcomer awards and wide critical recognition for her performance in the play.

</doc>
<doc id="20702557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702557" title="List of programs broadcast by TV3">
List of programs broadcast by TV3

This is a list of television programmes currently, rerunning and formerly on TV3 in Malaysia.
References.
TV3 - Wikipedia Indonesia, the free encyclopedia

</doc>
<doc id="20702569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702569" title="Stock exchanges of small economies">
Stock exchanges of small economies

A Stock exchange is a corporation or mutual organization which provides facilities for stockbrokers and traders to trade stocks and other securities. It may be a physical trading room where the traders gather, or a formalised communications network.
Creation of a stock exchange is a strategy of economic development: it provides a means of raising capital for investment. 
Stock markets may enhance economic activity through the creation of liquidity: a liquid equity market makes investment more attractive because it allows individuals to acquire equity and when required to sell it quickly and cheaply. At the same time, companies enjoy permanent access to capital raised through equity issues.
It has been found that countries that open stock markets grow faster, on average, than the control groups.
An alternative view is that market liquidity may also hurt economic growth, because it encourages short-termism. A downside of raising capital on a stock exchange is that it may result in loss of company control, typically to powerful large investors. Foreign ownership of securities and assets is often unappealing. Extremely low income levels keep share ownership beyond the reach of most people in developing countries.
Countries without a stock exchange include Tanzania and Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Mongolian Stock Exchange was the world's smallest stock exchange by market capitalisation.
Planned.
Angola.
The Angolan Stock Exchange is a proposed stock exchange in Angola. First announced in 2006, the Stock Exchange was hoping to open during the first quarter of the 2008 fiscal year, though in August 2008 Aguinaldo Jaime said that the launch would be "a task for the next government... maybe late 2008 or the beginning of 2009".
Afghanistan Stock Exchange.
Afghanistan Stock Exchange is part of the planned Economic development of Afghanistan. It will operate Afghanistan's first liquid exchange to offer the most diverse array of financial products and services. AFX will bring together cash equities exchanges and foreign exchanges, to be the leader for listings, trading in cash equities, equity and interest rate derivatives, bonds and the distribution of market data in Afghanistan.
New or revised.
Maldives Stock Exchange.
The Maldives Stock Exchange, is a private sector Stock Exchange in Malé. It was first established on 14 April 2002. It is very small, with only 4 companies listed.
Iraq Stock Exchange.
The Iraq Stock Exchange was incorporated and began operations in June 2004. It operates under the oversight of the Iraq Securities Commission, an independent commission modeled after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Before the 2003 invasion of Iraq, it was called the Baghdad Stock Exchange and was operated by the Iraqi Ministry of Finance. Now it is a self-regulated organization like the New York Stock Exchange, owned by the 50 or so member brokerage firms.
The trading floor is now open six hours a week.
Trading is done with pen and paper. Buyers shout at or call into their brokers, who stand their white dry-erase boards that list each company's share buy and sell price. This continues despite plans to implement electronic trading.
Trading was suspended for several months in 2006 due to violence, and is subject to power outages.
The ISX opened to foreign investors on August 2, 2007.
Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange.
The Dar es Salaam Stock Exchange is a stock exchange located in Dar es Salaam, the largest city in Tanzania. It was incorporated in September 1996 and trading started in April 1998; it is a member of the African Stock Exchanges Association. There are currently 9 listed companies.
Douala Stock Exchange.
The Douala Stock Exchange is the official market for securities in Cameroon. It is located in Douala.
It was created in December 2001. Until 2006, its sole listing was Société des Eaux Minérales du Cameroun (SEMC). Now it also includes Société Africaine Forestière et Agricole du Cameroun (SAFACAM).

</doc>
<doc id="20702580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702580" title="Jatin Das (painter)">
Jatin Das (painter)

Jatin Das (Oriya: ଯତୀନ ଦାସ)(born 1941) is an Indian painter and sculptor.
Personal life and education.
Jatin Das was born in December 1941 in Mayurbhanj, Orissa, India. He studied at the Sir JJ School of Art, Bombay, under Professor S.B. Palsikar. His term at the school lasted for a period of five years, from 1957 to 1962. Thereafter, he started participating in the art exhibitions, both at the national as well as the international level. Some important exhibitions where he participated include the Biennales in Paris (1971), and in Venice (1978) and the Documenta in Kessel (1975).
He is father of Bollywood Actress Nandita Das and designer Siddhartha Das. He is divorced from Varsha Das.
Career.
Jatin Das has been painting for 50 years. He has held over 68 one-man exhibitions in India and abroad and has participated in numerous national and international shows and artist camps. He has also done several murals and sculpture installations. He works in oil, watercolour, ink, graphics and conté. His works now feature in several public and private collections in India and abroad. Jatin has built a large personal collection of traditional arts and crafts over the last 35 years. His works have been auctioned by major international auctioneers like Sotheby’s, Christie’s and Osian’s.
In addition to being a professional artist, Jatin Das has extensively lectured at innumerable art and architectural colleges and museums, both in India and abroad on contemporary and traditional art forms. Jatin Das is also an advisor to many government and private bodies. He is the settler and founder chairman of the JD Centre of Art, which is being built in his home state, Orissa. He is the only artist who has taken up a project of this kind. Several of Jatin Das’s works have been donated to charity in India and abroad. He has very actively led the relief and rehabilitation work of a village in Orissa, affected by the super-cyclone of 1999.
One-man shows(selected).
• The Artists Alley Gallery, San Francisco, USA, 2009
• Chelsea Arts Club, London, UK, 2009
• Visual Arts Gallery, India Habitat Centre, Delhi, India, 2009
• Jehangir Art Gallery, Presented by Art & Soul Gallery, Mumbai, 2007.
• AIFACS Gallery, Paintings done in Greece, Presented by ICCR, New Delhi 2007.
• CIMA Gallery, Kolkata: ‘Charged Figures’, 2007.
• Lalit Kala Akademi, Delhi: ‘Journeys across Foreign Lands,’ 2006.
• 1X1 Art Space, Dubai, 2006.
• Archaeological Museum, Thessaloniki, Greece, 2005.
• Retrospective, 40 years of drawings, All India Fine Arts Crafts Society (AIFACS), Delhi, 2002.
• National Gallery of Modern Art, Mumbai, 2002: Works on paper.
• New Delhi, Art Today (C.P.), 2001.
• Body Spirited, India Habitat Centre, Delhi, 1999.
• Crimson, The Art Resource, Karnataka Chitrakala Parishath, Bangalore 1996
• Bombay, Jehangir Art Gallery, ’95.
• A Retrospective: Government Museum and Art Gallery, Chandigarh, 1994.
• Heads, Le Corbousier Art Gallery, Alliance Française, Chandigarh, ’93.
• Mumbai, Women of Clay and other paintings, Cymroza Art Gallery, ’93.
• New Delhi, Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Presentation, AIFACS, ’92.
• Birla Academy of Art and Culture, Calcutta, 1986.
• New Delhi, Rabindra Bhavan Gallery, LKA Retrospective Show 1968-90, ITC ‘91
• Bombay, Jehangir Art Gallery, ’87
• New Delhi, ‘Times of India’ Presentation. Shridharini Art Gallery ‘85
• Madras, Sarla Art Centre, ‘83
• Bombay, Taj Art Gallery, ‘82
• Baroda, Urja Art Gallery, ‘79
• Ahmedabad, Hutheesing Visual Art Centre, ‘79
• London, Arts 38 Gallery, ‘78
• New Delhi, Kumar Art Gallery, Hansalaya, ‘78
• West Germany, Werl. Pastorat a.d Johanniskirche, “Zeitgendessiche Ind., Kunst” ‘78
• West Germany, Frainsherm an der Weinstrasse, Surya Gallery ‘77
• New Delhi, Studio, Private Show, Drawings ‘77
• New Delhi, Kumar Art Gallery, ‘76
• Loughborough, UK, the Garden Gallery, ’75.
• London, Commonwealth Institute Art Gallery, ’75.
• City Museum and Art Gallery, Birmingham, UK, ‘75
• West Germany, West Berlin, Hotel Kempenski, ’75.
• Schloss Bellevue, Kassel, West Germany, ‘75.
• West Germany, Frankfurt, Bharat Verein e.V., ’75.
• Amsterdam, Gallery de Sfinx, ’75.
• New Delhi, Shridharani Art Gallery, ’74.
• New Delhi, Studio, Private Show, ’74.
• Bombay, Pundole Art Gallery, ’74.
• Bombay, Taj Art Gallery, ’73.
• New Delhi, Kumar Art Gallery, ’73.
• Bombay, Taj Art Gallery, ’68.
• New Delhi, Kumar Art Gallery, ’68.
• Orissa, Rourkela, Max Mueller Bhavan, ’67.
• Bombay, Taj Art Gallery, ’66.
• Goa, Panjim, Institute Menezes Braganza, ’66.
• Bombay, Taj Art Gallery, ’65.
• Calcutta, Gallery Chemould, ’65.
• Bombay, Private Show, Alyque & Pearl Padamsee, ’65.
• Orissa, Bhubaneshwar, Rabindra Mandap, ’64.
• Bombay, Jehangir Art Gallery, ’64.
• Bombay, Indo-American Society Gallery, ’62.
• Orissa, Cuttack, Nari Seva Sangha Hall, ’62.
• Finland, Helsinki, Sturenkarto, ’62.
• Bombay, Sir J.J. School of Arts, ’62.
Participation in major national and international shows (selected).
• New Delhi, Indian Habitat Centre, Gujarat Earthquake, Organised by VHAI, 2001
• IV Bharat Bhavan Biennale of Contemporary Indian Art (award), Bhopal, 1992.
• 2nd Biennale, Cuba, Havana, 1985.
• 3rd Asian Biennale, Bangladesh, 1985.
• Tokyo Biennale, the 15th International Art Show, Japan, 1984.
• VII British International Print Biennale, Bradford, UK, 1982.
• 2nd, 3rd and 4th Triennale India, Delhi, 1971, 1976 and 1978.
• Venice Biennale, Italy, 1978.
• All India Fine Arts Crafts Society (AIFACS), National Show of Portraits (award), Delhi, 1976.
• All India Graphics Show, Group 8, Delhi, (award), 1972.
• Septieme Biennale de Paris, France, 1971.
• The Bombay Art Society (Governor’s Award), Bombay, 1965.
• Maharashtra State Art Exhibition, Lalit Kala Academy, Bombay, 1962.
Commissions (selected).
• Façade mural, Chelsea Arts Club, London, UK, 2009
• 3 murals, one metal sculpture and one metal mobile, Nat’l Centre for Plant Genome Research, Delhi, 2005.
• Mural: ‘The Journey of India: Mohenjodaro to Mahatma Gandhi’, Indian Parliament, Delhi 2001.
• Welded steel installation, Bhilai Steel Plant, Madhya Pradesh, 1996.
• Mural, LBS National Academy of Administration, Mussorie, 1992.
• Fresco, Birla Kreeda Kendra, Bombay, 1964.
• Mosaic Mural, Dena Bank, Bombay, 1965
• Cement Mural, Bombay Gymkhana, 1960s ; Architect: Juliet Vaz
• Collage Mural, Agricultural Ministry, Pragati Maidan, 1972
• Postal stamps for Indian Postal Service on road safety, world peace and the Int’l Red Cross.
• Created Murals in Egg Tempera, Mosaic, Cement and Oils.
• Graphics Edition- Etching, Lithography and Serigraphs.
• Workshop with the Israeli artist Meenashe Kadishman in ’99.
Teaching.
Visiting Professor, Faculty of Fine Arts, Jamia Millia Islamia, Delhi, India, 2009–2011 ;
Professor Emeritus, JMI University, 2008 ;
Visiting Professor: College of Art, National School of Drama, National Institute of Design and School of Planning and Architecture
Advisory Committee Member.
Chairman and settler, JD Centre of Art, Bhubaneshwar, Orissa;
Member of governing board, Royal Society of Arts India (RSA);
Advisory committee member, National Natural History Museum, Bhubaneshwar, Orissa;
Founder president, Orissa Forum, Delhi;
Founder Member, Poetry Society of India;
Founder President, Mayurbhanj Cultural Development Foundation;
Art advisor, Housing and Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO); 
Member of advisory committee, Delhi Urban Art Commission;
Member of advisory committee, Rural India Complex, 1972 (now the National Crafts Museum); Member of advisory committee, Philately, New Delhi
Member of advisory committee, Republic Day Parade committees, Government of India;
Member of India International Centre (IIC), Delhi;
Life Member, Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH);
Trustee, Delhi Blue Pottery Trust;
Member British Library;
Life fellow, Royal Society of Arts, London, (RSA)
Member, Chelsea Arts Club, London;
Member, Ghalib Memorial Movement, Delhi;
Member, Fan Circle International, London.
Member, Society to Save Rocks, Hyderabad.
Cultural Ambassador to Cabinet, U.K
Books.
‘‘The Art of Jatin Das’’, Shobita Punja, Roli Books, 2003. ;
‘‘Poems by Jatin Das’’ Writers’ Workshop Calcutta, 1972.
JD Centre of Art.
In 1997 a trust was registered with Jatin Das as its founder, settler and chairman for the creation of the JD Centre of Art, Bhubaneshwar, Orissa, designed by BV Doshi, an eminent architect. It is a private non-commercial institution that will celebrate the whole range of traditional and contemporary visual and plastic arts.
Pankha: hand fans of the Indian subcontinent.
28 years ago Jatin Das began a collection of pankha (hand fans). This now numbers over 6,000 fans and related objects, the majority from the Indian subcontinent. Since May 2004, sections of the collection have been on display at eminent museums in India and overseas. The inaugural show at the National Crafts Museum, Delhi, was followed by exhibitions at the Victoria Memorial; Calcutta, Fan Museum; London, National Art Gallery; Kuala Lumpur, Reitberg Museum; Zurich and National Museum; Manila. The collection will eventually be housed in a dedicated museum in New Delhi.
A book on the subject, ‘To Stir the Still Air’, is being published by Mapin International.

</doc>
<doc id="20702587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702587" title="Tullamore RFC">
Tullamore RFC

Tullamore RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Tullamore, County Offaly. They play in Division One of the Leinster League. 
In addition to the First XV, they also run a Second XV, U21, U19,U16,U15,U14,U13,U12,U10 and U8 sides as well as a tag rugby section.

</doc>
<doc id="20702633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702633" title="Wishful Drinking">
Wishful Drinking

Wishful Drinking is an autobiographical book by American actress and author Carrie Fisher, published by Simon & Schuster in 2008. Fisher's book was based on her one-woman stage show, which she developed with writer/director Joshua Ravetch. The show debuted at The Geffen Playhouse with Ravetch directing. It enjoyed a successful Broadway run and toured in other cities, and HBO filmed a documentary of the stage play.
Book reception.
Reviews of the book were good, with some misgivings. The January 2009 "New York Times" review described it as a "funny, sardonic little memoir", but "pretty slight, padded out with big type, extra space between the lines and some family photographs, and it displays at times an almost antic need to entertain. The paragraphs are short, and the jokes – the puns, the wisecracks, the deadpan one-liners – come rattling along at the rate of one every other sentence or so." Salon.com reviewer Rebecca Traister found the book quite funny in large part, but was disappointed that "instead of pushing aside the twinkling craziness of her outside life to meaningfully reveal the crazy on the inside, as she has always done so well, Fisher is now gathering all the starry stuff around her for comfort and reassurance about who she is and what she means.".
Stage adaptation.
The book followed Fisher's one-woman play in which Fisher has been performing. Developed originally at The Geffen Playhouse with Josh Ravetch directing the world premiere, it moved to Berkeley Repertory Theatre near San Francisco at the beginning of 2008, the production opened in a limited run on Broadway at Studio 54 on September 22, 2009 (previews) and October 4, 2009, and closed on January 17, 2010. After its successful San Francisco Bay Area run and before moving to Broadway, "Wishful Drinking" played at, among other venues, the Arena Stage in Washington, D.C. in September 2008, and Seattle Repertory Theatre April – May 2009.
Production rights dispute.
While the show met with critical and popular success Off Broadway in New York, Fisher soon found herself embroiled in a battle with producer Jonathan Reinis over its production rights. Each claimed lost revenue at the hands of the other.
Film documentary.
HBO cable television released a filmed documentary of the stage show, directed by Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato, and first broadcast in December 2010. The 76-minute film was released on DVD on September 13, 2011. The film production and DVD received a mixture of reviews. In the "Los Angeles Times", Robert Lloyd described the performance captured: "Fisher can be broad, but that is also the person she plays everywhere now: a little larger than life, worn but not worn out. She's funny as an actress, and as a writer makes memorable phrases". "Boston Globe" reviewer Matthew Gilbert wrote, "Fisher’s obsession with her parents and stepparents can be a little tiresome, to be honest, even while her tales of Hollywood absurdity remain outrageous ... Fisher even starts to seem boastful about her dysfunction ..." Continuing, "Fortunately Fisher does have some self-awareness about the potential for her show to seem like a narcissistic screed. That helps." DVDTalk reviewer Jason Bailey wrote of the released DVD, "To put across the brilliance of "Wishful Drinking", all Bailey and Barbato really needed to do was put Fisher on stage, and turn on the cameras. They do that skillfully and unobtrusively". The DVD's content received 4/5 stars, video quality 3/5, audio quality 3.5/5, extras 2.5/5, replay 4/5, with final advice of "Highly Recommended".

</doc>
<doc id="20702643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702643" title="Never Run, Never Hide">
Never Run, Never Hide

Never Run, Never Hide was an album released in 1980 by pop-rock singer-songwriter Benny Mardones. It included his only major hit, "Into the Night", which peaked at number 11 in 1980, and re-charted nine years later, in 1989.
In 1989, a Where Are They Now? Arizona radio segment spurred Los Angeles DJ Scott Shannon to add the song to his playlist, ultimately rocketing the song back onto the national charts, on May 6, 1989. Mardones' recording peaked this time at #20 the first week in July, adding 17 weeks to its previous run of 20, to add up to a total of 37 (non consecutive) weeks, breaking the record set by Laura Branigan with her single "Gloria", which charted for 36 (consecutive) weeks from July 1982 to March 1983, for the longest-charting single of the 1980s by a solo artist.
The track "American Bandstand" was written about the music TV show of the same name and the presenter/host Dick Clark. The song was performed on the show.
"Hold Me Down" was originally recorded and released on Mardones' 1978 debut album "Thank God for Girls".

</doc>
<doc id="20702649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702649" title="Candidates of the Australian Senate election, 1967">
Candidates of the Australian Senate election, 1967

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1967 Australian Senate election. The election was held on 25 November 1967.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending two seats. Senators Ken Anderson (Liberal), Tom Bull (Country), Sir Alister McMullin (Liberal), Tony Mulvihill (Labor) and James Ormonde (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending one seat. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending four seats. Senators Felix Dittmer (Labor), Vince Gair (Democratic Labor), Jim Keeffe (Labor), Ellis Lawrie (Country) and Ian Wood (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. Senators Gordon Davidson (Liberal), Arnold Drury (Labor), Keith Laught (Liberal), Clem Ridley (Labor) and Jim Toohey (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. Independent Senator Reg Turnbull was defending one seat. Senators Don Devitt (Labor), Bert Lacey (Labor), Elliot Lillico (Liberal), John Marriott (Liberal) and Justin O'Byrne (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending two seats. The Liberal-Country Coalition was defending three seats. Senators John Gorton (Liberal), Bert Hendrickson (Labor), Pat Kennelly (Labor), Frank McManus (Democratic Labor) and Dame Ivy Wedgwood (Liberal) were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Five seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. The Liberal Party was defending one seat. The Country Party was defending one seat. Senators George Branson (Liberal), Harry Cant (Labor), Tom Drake-Brockman (Country), Malcolm Scott (Liberal) and John Wheeldon (Labor) were not up for re-election.
Summary by party.
Beside each party is an indication of whether the party contested the Senate election in each state.

</doc>
<doc id="20702760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702760" title="Richard Nugent, Lord Delvin">
Richard Nugent, Lord Delvin

Richard Nugent, Lord Delvin (1742 – 6 August 1761) was an Irish duellist and Member of Parliament.
Nugent was the eldest son and heir of Thomas Nugent, 6th Earl of Westmeath and adopted the courtesy title of Lord Delvin in 1754 when his father acceded to the earldom.
In 1759, he was elected Member of Parliament for Fore, although he was underage. He was also commissioned a cornet in the 1st Regiment of Dragoons.
In July 1761, the drunken Lord Delvin accosted a female acquaintance of Capt. George Reilly, and was challenged to a duel. The two crossed swords in the music room at Marlborough Bowling Green, and Delvin was mortally wounded. The incident led to the abandonment of Marlborough Green as a fashionable resort.

</doc>
<doc id="20702763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702763" title="Kermadec Plate">
Kermadec Plate

The Kermadec Plate is a very long and narrow tectonic plate located west of the Kermadec Trench in the south Pacific Ocean. Also included on this tectonic plate is a small portion of the North Island of New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands. It is separated from the Australian Plate by a long divergent boundary which forms a back-arc basin. This area is highly prone to earthquakes and tidal waves,also known as tsunamis, because it is so narrow and since it is right in the south Pacific Ocean

</doc>
<doc id="20702778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702778" title="Oleksiy Osipov">
Oleksiy Osipov

Oleksiy Osipov (born 2 November 1975) is a former Ukrainian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20702796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702796" title="Dmitry Chepovetsky">
Dmitry Chepovetsky

Dmitry Chepovetsky (born 1970) is a Gemini Award nominated Canadian-Ukrainian actor, best known for his role of Bob Melnikov in the TV series "ReGenesis".
Personal life.
Chepovetsky was born in Lviv, U.S.S.R., now Ukraine. His family left in 1976 along with waves of other Jewish emigrants bound for Israel. Along the way, his family experienced an eight-month stopover in Italy while awaiting their travel visas. They then decided to change course for Regina, where his uncle lived. Since then, Chepovetsky has been splitting his time between Vancouver and Toronto, where he’s been living for the past eight years, close to his older brother and nieces. He enjoys photography, music, movies, theatre and writing.
Career.
Chepovetsky acted in his first musical at the age of 14 while in high school in Regina, then began acting in local community. Thinking briefly about a different career path, he was accepted to the University of Toronto on a scholarship for its commerce program. But after three weeks he dropped out to work as an elf at Casa Loma and then worked numerous jobs until he got to Ryerson Theatre School. He also trained with David Rotenberg and Carol Rosenfeld, as well as Kate Hale at the Foursight Theatre. Aside from his numerous acting credits, among them stints on critically acclaimed TV shows and feature films such as The X-Files, Lucky Number Slevin and Stargate, Chepovetsky is likely best known for his recurring role on "ReGenesis" as Bob Melnikov, the show’s lead biochemist and a person with Asperger syndrome. The role has garnered him two Gemini Award nominations for best actor in a dramatic series; once in 2005 and another in 2007. The show has reached 120 countries in over 18 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20702813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702813" title="2008 Shannons V8 Touring Car National Series">
2008 Shannons V8 Touring Car National Series

The Shannons V8 Touring Car National Series was an Australian touring car series held for V8 Supercars. It was the inaugural running of the V8 Touring Car National Series, a third-tier series for V8 Supercars. The season began on 17 May 2008 at the Mallala Motor Sport Park and finished on 30 November at Sandown Raceway. The season consisted of four rounds, held across three different states.
The series was won by Chris Smerdon who was the only driver to finish all twelve races, but also won eight races. He finished 130 points ahead of Steve Ingwersen who was the only other driver to attend all four rounds.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers have competed during the 2008 Shannons V8 Touring Car National Series.
Results and standings.
The season consisted of four rounds held across three different states. Each round consisted of three races.

</doc>
<doc id="20702875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702875" title="Expoobident">
Expoobident

Expoobident is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan originally released on the Vee-Jay label. It was recorded on October 14, 1960 and features performances by Morgan with Clifford Jordan, Eddie Higgins, Art Davis and Art Blakey.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Steve Loewy awarded the album 4 stars stating "This release retains the original liner notes by Nat Hentoff, as well as the attractive artwork of the initial issue.".
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on CD reissue:

</doc>
<doc id="20702878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702878" title="Jordan Valley Unified Water Plan">
Jordan Valley Unified Water Plan

The Jordan Valley Unified Water Plan, commonly known as the "Johnston Plan", was a plan for the unified water resource development of the Jordan Valley. It was negotiated and developed by US ambassador Eric Johnston between 1953 and 1955, and based on an earlier plan commissioned by United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA). Modeled upon the Tennessee Valley Authority's engineered development plan, it was approved by technical water committees of all the regional riparian countries — Israel, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria. Though the plan was rejected by the Arab League, both Israel and Jordan undertook to abide by their allocations under the plan. The US provided funding for Israel's National Water Carrier after receiving assurances from Israel that it would continue to abide by the plan's allocations. Similar funding was provided for Jordan's East Ghor Canal (now known as the King Abdullah Canal) project after similar assurance were obtained from Jordan.
Background.
In the late 1930s and mid 1940s, Transjordan and the World Zionist Organization commissioned mutually exclusive competing water resource studies. The Transjordanian study, performed by Michael G. Ionides, concluded that the available water resources are not sufficient to sustain a Jewish state which would be the destination for Jewish immigration. The Zionist study, by the American engineer Walter Clay Lowdermilk, concluded that by diverting water from the Jordan basin to support agriculture and residential development in the Negev, a Jewish state supporting 4 million new immigrants would be sustainable.
In 1953, Israel began construction of a water carrier to take water from the Sea of Galilee to the populated center and agricultural south of the country, while Jordan concluded an agreement with Syria, known as the Bunger plan, to dam the Yarmouk river near Maqarin, and utilize its waters to irrigate Jordanian territory, before they could flow to the Sea of Galilee. Military clashes ensued, and US President Dwight Eisenhower dispatched ambassador Johnston to the region to work out a plan that would regulate water usage.
Plan.
Eisenhower appointed Eric Johnston as a special ambassador on 16 October 1953, and tasked him with mediating a comprehensive plan for the regional development of the Jordan River system. As a starting point, Johnston used a plan commissioned by UNRWA and performed by the American consulting firm Chas. T. Main, known as the "Main Plan". The Main Plan, published just days before Johnston's appointment, utilized the same principles employed by the Tennessee Valley Authority to optimize the usage of an entire river basin as a single unit.
The plan was based on principles similar to those embodied in the Marshall Plan – reducing the potential for conflict by promoting cooperation and economic stability.
The main features of the plan were:
The initial plan gave preference to in-basin use of the Jordan waters, and ruled out integration of the Litani river. The proposed quotas were: Israel 394 million m³, Jordan 774 million m³, and Syria 45 million m³.
Both sides countered with proposals of their own. Israel demanded the inclusion of the Litani river in the pool of available sources, the use of the Sea of Galilee as the main storage facility, out-of-basin use of the Jordan waters, and the Mediterranean-Dead Sea canal. As well, Israel demanded more than doubling of its allocation, from 394 million m³ annually to 810 million m³.
The Arabs countered with a proposal based on the Ionides, MacDonald and Bunger plans, meaning exclusive in-basin use, and rejecting storage in the Sea of Galilee. As well, they demanded recognition of Lebanon as a riparian state, while excluding the Litani from the plan. Their proposed quota allocations were: Israel 200 million m³, Jordan 861 million m³, Syria 132 million m³ and Lebanon 35 million m³ per year.
Negotiations ensued, and gradually the differences were eliminated. Israel dropped the request to integrate the Litani, and the Arabs dropped their objection to out-of-basin use of waters. Ultimately the unified plan proposed the following allocations, by source:
The Plan was accepted by the technical committees from both Israel and the Arab League. A discussion in the Knesset in July 1955 ended without a vote. The Arab Experts Committee approved the plan in September 1955 and referred it for final approval to the Arab League Council. On 11 October 1955, the Council voted not to ratify the plan, due to the League's opposition to formal recognition of Israel. However, the Arab League committed itself to adhere to the technical details without providing official approval.
Later developments.
After the Suez Crisis in 1956, however, Arab attitudes hardened considerably, and the Arab League, with the exception of Jordan, now actively opposed the Johnston plan, arguing that any plan to strengthen the Israeli economy only increased the potential threat from Israel. Regardless, both Jordan and Israel undertook to operate within their allocations, and two major successful projects were completed – the Israeli National Water Carrier and Jordan's East Ghor Main Canal (now known as the King Abdullah Canal). Both projects were partially funded by the United States, after Israel and Jordan provided assurances they would abide by their allocations. In 1965, president Nasser too, assured the American under Secretary of state, Philip Talbot, that the Arabs would not exceed the water quotas prescribed by the Johnston plan. At this point, the other Arab states resolved to reduce the operation of Israel's National Water Carrier by diverting the headwaters of the Jordan, leading to a series of military clashes which would help precipitate the 1967 Six-Day War.

</doc>
<doc id="20702921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702921" title="Megan Wants a Millionaire">
Megan Wants a Millionaire

Megan Wants a Millionaire is an American reality television show on VH1 in which former "Rock of Love" contestant Megan Hauserman has seventeen wealthy single men compete for her love. The show originated from a comment made by Hauserman during an episode of "", in which she stated that she ideally would like to become a "trophy wife". During the casting process for the series, VH1 asked for single men with a net worth of over $1,000,000.
In February 2009, Hauserman stated in an interview that taping of "Megan Wants a Millionaire" had begun. Hauserman also stated that she was looking for "a mature guy that can handle me and doesn't cry" and stated "He doesn't have to be rich; he has to be stable." Hauserman said she would take the show seriously, it would be "very real". Megan's best friends, Brandi Cunningham from VH1 shows and Cecille Gahr (from "Beauty and the Geek") were to appear on the show and try to help Megan with her decisions. The show premiered on Sunday, August 2, 2009.
Broadcast of the program was suspended by VH1 on August 19, 2009, after it was announced that contestant Ryan Jenkins was being sought by police for questioning in connection to the murder of his wife, swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore. On August 23, 2009, Jenkins was found dead, of an apparent suicide, at a motel in Hope, British Columbia, Canada. On August 24, 2009, "Megan Wants a Millionaire" was officially cancelled by VH1. Early reports after the incident occurred indicated that Jenkins was a finalist in the series. It was later confirmed from a contestant's Twitter that Jenkins had placed third in the competition.
Episodes.
Breaking The Bank.
"First aired August 2, 2009
Megan is introduced, as is Megan's concierge Niles, who narrates the show. After meeting her 17 millionaires, Megan brings in her two best friends Brandi Cunningham and Cecille Gahr. She presents each of the men with a gift that goes along with their nicknames.
After Megan hands out her presents, she announces there will be a mixer. First, Megan and Audi spend time together, and he claims that his "hump game" causes his past girlfriends to go crazy, which disturbs Megan. Joe and David show up next to chat. David tells Megan that he would love to go shopping with her. Cisco and Punisher show Megan their physically fit bodies which impresses Megan. Corey tells her he wants to find his queen and spend the rest of his life with a beautiful woman. Outside, Brandi and Cecille give Al some motivation to be less awkward. He offers to use his gift of massage oil to give Megan a foot massage. During the massage he tries to be funny and have her touch his jaw saying he has a "dog jaw". He whips his head and barks and pretends to bite Megan's finger which causes her to spill wine all over herself. Megan storms away in tears to her room upstairs.
Megan returns to the party and Al apologizes for his childish actions and offers to buy her a new dress. Shaun takes Megan inside for a private talk on the sofa. She tells him she likes his look and is physically attracted to him. Donald steps in and asks Megan to come to the fire pit with him for a one-on-one. Megan agrees because he is a movie director and wants to know if he could put her in movies. By Megan's request, Donald sets up an impromptu skit between Megan and James. James and Megan then kiss by the fire pit which ruins Donald's plan, but Megan admits that the kiss is terrible. Brandi and Cecille find out James expects to soon inherit his grandfather's fortune and isn't a millionaire yet. TJ shares a one-on-one with Megan and they talk about traveling. Finally, Megan sits with Ryan who is still a Canadian citizen. He tells her that he can only work in the United States if he gets married, but if they did get married, she wouldn't have to sign a pre-nup. Garth childishly smashes Joe's piggy bank.
Megan gathers with Brandi and Cecille in her room to discuss the 17 millionaires and who should go home that night. Despite what her friends have to say, Megan is still undecided. At elimination, Megan reveals that each man who will stay will receive a special credit card as her token of love. In order for the men to win her heart, they must "keep their account in good standing". Ryan is the first to receive his credit card. Corey is the second to receive his card. Next is Cisco, The Punisher, TJ, Sex Toy Dave, Alex, and David are all called. When Joe is brought down to receive his credit card, Megan asks about his missing piggy bank. Joe reveals that Garth broke it, and Megan scolds Garth for being a "bad boy". Garth then receives his credit card. Megan eliminates Audi and James. Next, Megan eliminates Donald because she is not attracted to him, but asks if he could still put her in a movie. Al receives the last credit card, but Megan jokingly warns him to never bark at her again.
Will You Be My Valentine?
"First aired August 9, 2009
Megan explains that Valentine's Day is her favorite holiday, and they have to make or buy presents for the first challenge. Megan explains that the gifts need to be thoughtful too, because anyone can buy her expensive gifts. The three men that impress her the most will be going on a group date the next day. Cisco decides he will cook a meal for Megan. Al, knowing he needs to redeem himself after the night before, writes a check. Mike decides to use his contacts to buy Megan a dress from Lloyd Klein, a fashion designer. The show hints that he is in the Italian Mafia because he is Italian and said in the first episode that he does "private deals". Meanwhile, Shaun knows that Megan likes sushi and wants Megan to eat sushi off of him naked. Garth works on a song entitled "Sex Mode" that he's been making for the last two years.
Megan's best friends, Brandi and Cecille, join Megan once again. Megan calls up Cisco first, who is wearing the apron Megan gave him and red boxer-briefs. Cisco feeds Megan his dish, and Megan says it's delicious. Next is Al, who gives Megan a card with a check for $8,000 inside. The check is made out for Javay Salon. Alex bought Megan red lingerie, but Megan doesn't like the bottoms because they're over-sized. Ryan decides to appeal to Megan's "senses" which are actually her brain and mouth. Joe gives Megan a bikini and on the bottoms he wrote "Trophy Wife" with crayon, which doesn't impress Megan. Matt gives her cupcakes, and Corey gave her a list of things "on his heart"; neither one impresses her. Punisher wears his stripper outfit and dances. Shaun then lets Megan eat sushi off him, and she enjoys that she gets to embarrass him. T.J. gives Megan his vodka that he makes, and David gives Megan her passport stamped to go to New York, France, and Italy. Mike then presents Megan with the designer dress he got her. Garth sings "Sex Mode" to Megan and she doesn't enjoy that Garth is "touching himself" during the song. Megan announces that the winners—Shaun, Big Mike, and Al will be going on a skiing date.
Garth is surprised that he didn't win the date and goes to talk to Megan in her room. Megan tells Garth that she wanted something more romantic than a sex song. Niles brings Al, Mike, and Shaun in his office to discuss the "Date Menu", which is a menu of presents that they can buy for Megan on their date (Date Menu shown below). Big Mike decides to buy something of his own for Megan, while Al and Shaun decide to split the cost of all three gifts on the menu and give them to Megan together. Shaun's credit card is repeatedly declined, and Al covers for him. Later that night, Garth decides to call his best friend and tells him to pick him up at the airport. Garth states that Megan is rude and he doesn't like her anymore because she didn't enjoy his song. Then he gives Megan his credit card and says that her credit is denied. Garth tells Megan that he knows she's just going to throw him away, and Megan says she doesn't care, and that "He needs to f**king suck it up, sit there, put a smile on his face, and be appreciative that he's here." She says that two can play the manipulation game and she does it much better. She says Garth is no match for her, and that he calmed down and obeyed just like she knew he would.
The next morning, Al gives Megan roses and says they're only from him. They get to the mountain, and Al gives Megan a red Juicy Couture snow jacket, while Mike gives Megan white skiing gloves to go with her jacket. Big Mike and Megan kiss, and then Al spends alone time with her and gives her the Tiffany's snow bracelet and necklace to remember the skiing trip. He then explains the situation with Shaun's credit card and why he gave all the presents to her by himself. They return to the mansion, and Megan talks to Joe alone. Joe talks about Lily (Megan's dog) a lot, and Megan feels like he might like Lily more than Megan.
At elimination, Megan's wearing the Lloyd Klein dress that Big Mike bought for her, and she thanks him for it again. Al gets to keep his credit card first and Megan saying he's gone from showering her with drinks to showering her with gifts. Next is Big Mike and she says that he likes that he's big and strong and that he can protect her, yet he's gentle and thoughtful as well. The next card goes to Cisco, followed by Ryan, TJ, David, Punisher, Sex Toy Dave, Corey, and Matt. Megan pulls out a giant pair of scissors that she will cut the eliminated persons' credit cards with. She then calls down Alex, and makes him promise to never to buy her "grandma panties" again before giving him back his card. Megan tells Garth his luck has run out and cuts his credit card in half. Megan said that she made up her mind to get rid of Garth the night before, but that contestants only leave on her terms. She calls down Joe next, and tells him that she has more of a friendship connection with him. Joe asks for a second chance, and kisses her with his mouth wide open—a horrible, awkward kiss. Megan gives Joe his card. Megan calls down Shaun and says the way he handled the credit card issue troubled her because he didn't stick up for himself and then cuts his credit card in half.
Billion Dollar Doggie.
"First aired August 16, 2009"
After elimination, the remaining men relax and socialize with each other and Megan. Joe knows he has to step his game up or he will be eliminated soon, and David criticizes him for only being on a friendship level with Megan. The next morning, Ryan tells Cisco and Joe about his ways of picking up girls and later they are called into their next challenge. Megan tells the contestants are asked to design business plans to make Megan's dog, Lily, marketable. Each team will select a team leader, and they will have two hours to prepare a presentation. The men are split into four teams of three each and the team captain of the winning team will win a solo date with Megan, while the other two get a group date. The men start brainstorming ideas for Lily's company. Al of Team 1 wants to do a workout video featuring Lily, but Punisher, captain of Team 1, comes up with the idea of a dog spa instead. Ryan, the captain of Team 4, decides to create a dog food company with six different kinds of dog food in a rotating dish. Mike wants to do a dog water company for Team 2, but Team 2's captain TJ decides to do a dog spa also called Club Lily, and Mike asks, "Who does this guy think he is?" Lastly, Corey, captain of Team 3, decides to make a product so big that no one can buy it, and Sex Toy Dave says it's a horrible idea and that they won't make money doing that. Joe worries that he's going to make a fool out of himself because he's only a trust fund baby and has never worked with numbers or presentations. Meanwhile, Al makes a photoshoot with Lily being pampered by Cisco and Punisher, who the masseures, and Al said it's a great idea because Cisco and Punisher both have phenomenal bodies.
Megan calls them in, and tells the men that herself, Robin Antin, the founder of the Pussycat Dolls, and Rob Frankel, a branding expert, will be judging their presentations. Team 2 goes first, and TJ, Alex, and Mike present Club Lily which they say will make four million dollars a year. They also introduce The Lily Hauserman Foundation, which is a non-profit organization. Megan chokes and coughs when she hears "non-profit" and ponders why they wouldn't want to make money. She asks them if they think they should focus on the profit part instead of the non-profit part, because we're in a recession. Rob Frankle says he doesn't know what they were smoking, but that he wanted some. Megan asks Alex if he would invest his money in their company, and he responds that if he saw more products then he'd consider it and Megan tells him he doesn't even seem confident in his own idea. Robin Antin tells them they haven't researched it at all and that it's poorly planned out. Team 1 is next, and Punisher, Cisco, and Al present Lavish Lily's, another spa for dogs. As Cisco begins presenting, Megan becomes distracted and daydreams about Punisher's lap dance. It's edited to look like Lily is daydreaming about Punisher massaging her as well. Rob tells them that almost no one besides Bill Gates and Warren Buffett could afford this spa, and that he doubts they would fund it. Team 3 goes, and Corey, Matt, and Sex Toy Dave present the L.L. Club, which is a club for celebrities' dogs where they can purchase jewelry for their dog that is equipped with a lo-jack homing device for the animal. Robin believes it to be confusing and Rob believes it to be a brand that could live on. Rob and Robin agree that they would be scared as buyers of this product. Lastly, Team 4 with Ryan, David, and Joe present their gourmet organic dog food chain for toy or teacut dogs. David and Ryan present well, but Joe struggles with his speech. David takes over Joe's part and the judges tell them that unlike the other teams, they thoroughly thought out the prices and incomes and costs of the product, and that it was the most likely to succeed in making money. In addition, it was also unique because the cans of dog food contains water on the bottom and food on the top in separate chambers of the can. The idea is likely to make 62 million dollars per year. Robin Antin decides that Team 4 should be the winner, and Rob Frankle thinks Team 3 should be the winner. Megan announces that Team 4 is the winner and that Ryan will have a solo date and David and Joe will have a group date.
Niles brings Ryan into his office to view the Date Menu (shown below), and Ryan selects taking Megan to a French restaurant in an Aston Martin. Joe and David are then brought into his office to view their Date Menu (shown below). Joe buys the locket for Megan, and David buys the watch.
Battle Royale.
"Was not broadcast; see Cancellation below"
This episode and all later episodes did not air on VH1.
Cancellation.
An arrest warrant was issued for contestant Ryan Alexander Jenkins as a suspect in the murder of Jasmine Fiore, a 28-year-old swimsuit model who had recently moved to the Los Angeles area from Las Vegas. Fiore's body was found in a suitcase near a dumpster in Buena Park, California.
On August 19, 2009, VH1 placed the series on indefinite hiatus out of respect for Fiore's family. The network also released the following official statement:
Although VH1 officially stated the show was on hiatus, it gave strong indications that the show would never air again. All mentions of the program, beyond the single statement above, were removed from VH1.com. The remaining run of the series, reruns, and previous episodes were also removed from the iTunes Store, cable video on demand services, and the network's schedule.
On August 20, Jenkins was formally charged with Fiore's murder, and VH1 canceled "Megan Wants a Millionaire" a day later. The search for Jenkins would end three days later on August 23, when Jenkins was found dead in Hope, British Columbia, Canada reportedly having hanged himself. The next day, VH1 not only formally announced the cancellation of "Megan Wants a Millionaire", but announced that the third season of "I Love Money", on which Jenkins was reportedly a contestant and the grand prize winner, would not air.
It subsequently emerged that Jenkins had not only been charged with assaulting Fiore, but had been convicted in 2007 for assaulting a woman in Calgary. The 2007 incident not been disclosed to either VH1 or 51 Minds. In a statement, 51 Minds said that had it known about Jenkins' past, he would have never been allowed on the show.
Collective Intelligence, the private investigation firm charged with vetting the show's contestants, had outsourced Jenkins' background check to a Canadian firm, Straightline International. In October 2009, Collective Intelligence sued Straightline for breach of contract, alleging that it had failed to uncover Jenkins' criminal record. The suit is still pending as of 2013.
New show.
A rumour spread that VH1 announced that they will create another show starring Megan Hauserman, although it may not follow the same dating format as "Megan Wants a Millionaire". The show, like "Megan Wants a Millionaire", will be "unscripted". VH1 subsequently denied the rumor.

</doc>
<doc id="20702929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702929" title="Sunil Sawney">
Sunil Sawney

Sunil Sawney (born 30 December 1962) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Newport Pagnell, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire.
Sawney represented Dorset for the first time in the 1983 Minor Counties Championship, and played in the competition in every season up to 1991. He picked up two List A appearances, his first in 1989, against Kent, and his second in 1991 against Lancashire.
Sawney continued to represent the team in the Minor Counties Championship until 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20702930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702930" title="Daniel Britton">
Daniel Britton

Daniel Britton (born September 25, 1981) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Salisbury, Wiltshire.
Britton played in the Minor Counties Championship for the side during the 2000 season. He made his sole List A appearance in the 2001 C&G Trophy competition, against Bedfordshire. Britton scored 0 not out and bowled seven overs in the match.
Britton played two games for Dorset in the 2001 38-County Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20702931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702931" title="Derek Pepperell">
Derek Pepperell

Derek Pepperell (born September 28, 1968) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played for Dorset. He was born in Oxford.
Pepperell played for Hampshire and Sussex Second XIs between 1989 and 1990. Pepperell made a single List A appearance for Dorset in the 1992 NatWest Trophy. As an opening batsman, he scored 6 runs before being caught out, failing to emulate the form of batting partner Graeme Calway, who scored the only century of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20702936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702936" title="Tullow RFC">
Tullow RFC

Tullow RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Tullow, Leinster. They play in Leinster League Division 1B.
History.
The club was originally founded in 1928, but had trouble finding its feet over the course of the following thirty-odd years. Only in 1971 did the club become firmly entrenched in the community.
Notable players.
Ireland and Leinster hooker Bernard Jackman started his senior career with the club and later coached the team as well, before moving on to Division Two outfit Coolmine.
Sean O'Brien Leinster and Ireland started out playing his rugby here

</doc>
<doc id="20702938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20702938" title="Shalva Apkhazava">
Shalva Apkhazava

Shalva Apkhazava (born 14 August 1980 in Kobuleti; died 7 January 2004 in Kiev of heart disease) was a Georgian professional football striker who played for FC Arsenal Kyiv in Ukraine.

</doc>
