<doc id="20586873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586873" title="K. Ramani">
K. Ramani

K. Ramani (16 July 1916, Iddapal, Palakkad district – 30 May 2006, Coimbatore) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1969, four times to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly and was the Tamil Nadu State Committee president of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions.
Born in Kerala, his family moved to Coimbatore when Ramani was 14 years old. At young age, Ramani worked in a hotel. Ramani became politically radicalised, and joined the Congress Socialist Party. In 1939 he joined the Communist Party of India, along with many other CSP cadres. He became involved in trade union organising. He was arrested and jailed twice during this period.
When the Communist Party was banned in 1948, Ramani went underground. After two years of underground life, he was caught by police. He was sentenced to two years imprisonment. When the CPI was legalised in 1951, Ramani was released from jail.
In 1959 Ramani was elected to the National Council of the Communist Party. In the 1964 split in the party, Ramani was one of 32 National Council members that sided with the Communist Party of India. Soon after the formation of the party, he was again arrested. He was released after 16 months in jail.
In 1967, he was elected to the Lok Sabha (lower house of Parliament) from the Coimbatore constituency. Ramani got 240,856 votes (57.93%) defeating the Congress candidate, industrialist N. Mahalingam.
During the Emergency 1975–1977, Ramani was again jailed.
Ramani represented the Coimbatore East seat in the Tamil Nadu assembly 1977–1991. On 1 February 1989, he was appointed pro-tem Speaker of the assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20586883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586883" title="Lycee Notre-Dame Saint-Sigisbert">
Lycee Notre-Dame Saint-Sigisbert

Notre-Dame Saint-Sigisbert is a private Catholic university under contract with the state. It is ranked tenth out of 48 schools of excellence by the French magazine L'student in December 2006. It is located in the city of Nancy.
School St. Sigisbert started in 1881 after the "House of Students" which preceded it (That was founded in 1864 by Bishop Charles Martial Lavigerie.)

</doc>
<doc id="20586898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586898" title="Claudinei Resende">
Claudinei Resende

Claudinei Resende (27 May 1978 – 6 November 2004) was a Brazilian football player who played for the Swedish club Helsingborgs IF. 
Without telling the club, he returned to Brazil in May 2004.
On 6 November 2004 Resende got into a criminal gangs settlement. Many were hurt by the subsequent shooting but only Resende was killed. The person who shot Resende was a notorious 17 year old criminal.

</doc>
<doc id="20586910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586910" title="2008 Las Vegas Bowl">
2008 Las Vegas Bowl

The 2008 Pioneer Las Vegas Bowl was an NCAA-sanctioned Division I FBS post-season college football bowl game between the Arizona Wildcats, the fifth pick from the Pacific-10 Conference and the BYU Cougars, third place overall in the Mountain West Conference. This bowl game was played on December 20, 2008 at 5 p.m. PST at 40,000-seat off campus Sam Boyd Stadium of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas in Whitney, Nevada and broadcast on ESPN. Since 2001, the game has featured a matchup of teams from the MWC and Pac-10. The announcers were Mike Patrick and Todd Blackledge with the sideline reporting by Holly Rowe. The Wildcats stunned the 16th ranked Cougars in the coldest Las Vegas Bowl in history, 31-21.

</doc>
<doc id="20586918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586918" title="Exorbitant privilege">
Exorbitant privilege

The term exorbitant privilege refers to the alleged benefit the United States has due to its own currency (i.e., the US dollar) being the international reserve currency. Accordingly, the US would not face a balance of payments crisis, because it purchased imports in its own currency. Exorbitant privilege as a concept cannot refer to currencies that have a regional reserve currency role, only global reserve currencies.
Academically, the exorbitant privilege literature analyzes two empiric puzzles, the position and the income puzzle. The position puzzle consists of the difference between the (negative) U.S. net international investment position (NIIP) and the accumulated U.S. current account deficits, the former being much smaller than the latter. The income puzzle consists of the fact that despite a deeply negative NIIP, the U.S. income balance is positive, i.e. despite having much more liabilities than assets, earned income is higher than interest expenses.
Origin.
The term was coined in the 1960s by Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, then the French Minister of Finance. It is frequently mis-attributed to Charles de Gaulle, who is said to have had similar views.
Research.
Different attempts have been made across time to assess the validity of the exorbitant privilege hypothesis by estimating whether a statistically significant difference between the return on U.S. assets and liabilities exists. These endeavors encountered a major empirical problem in the unavailability of long time series on capital gains, which are required due to capital gains' volatility. In response to this issue, two approaches have developed: (1) the construction of long time series based on historical assumptions and (2) the focus on specific categories for which high-quality data exists. 
In the academic literature, three waves of research trying to assess the existence of exorbitant privilege are distinguished by Curcuru et al. (2013). The first wave occurred during the pre-crisis Great Moderation and found, following the first research approach, significant annual return differentials favoring U.S. claims in a range between 2.7% and 3.7%, with Gourinchas and Rey (2007a) and Lane and Milesi-Ferretti (2005) finding particularly large differences for returns on both equity and debt assets. The first wave method consists of estimating capital gains by calculating the difference between the annual change in the U.S. international position and U.S. net capital outflows. The residual change not explained by capital flows is assumed to correspond to the capital gain.
The second wave of research on the returns differentials literature, written during pre-crisis times and published during the crisis, emerged due to criticism of how the data was handled. This criticism alleged inconsistencies in data revisions between stocks and flows, which were then (mis-)attributed to "Other changes". Consequently, it was argued that this estimation approach would not calculate capital gains, but rather the sum of capital gains and other changes. Another problem is the extent of gains in the FDI category, wherein data is estimated. The second wave addresses these issues and finds substantially smaller differentials, ranging from -0.7% to 0.6%, using the second research approach.
The recent availability of new data finally spawned the third wave of research on returns differentials. This literature found comparatively high return differentials ranging up to 6.9% (Forbes (2010)) and attributed the difference more to differentials in capital gains than in yields (Habib (2010)). These findings have however since then come under criticism by Curcuru et al. (2013) who criticize Forbes (2010) for her focus on a sample situated in a period of solely dollar depreciation and Habib (2010) for using a first wave methodology. Revised estimates for Forbes (2010) accounting for the exchange rate effect find a difference of 4.6%, especially in FDI. More recent research by Curcuru et al. (2013) and Gohrband and Howell (forthcoming) estimates overall return differentials of 1.9% and 1.7%, respectively.
Trivia.
The phrase became the title of a 2010 book by economist Barry Eichengreen, examining the future prospects for the US dollar's dominance in international trade. 

</doc>
<doc id="20586924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586924" title="Western New York and Pennsylvania Railroad">
Western New York and Pennsylvania Railroad

Western New York and Pennsylvania Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20586928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586928" title="David Godman">
David Godman

David Godman (born 1953) is widely acknowledged to be one of the leading authorities on the life, teachings and disciples of Ramana Maharshi, the renowned Indian sage who lived and taught for more than fifty years at Arunachala, a sacred mountain in Tamil Nadu, India. In the last twenty-five years David Godman has written or edited fourteen books on topics related to Sri Ramana Maharshi.
Early life.
David Godman was born in 1953 in Stoke-on-Trent. His father was a schoolmaster and mother a physiotherapist who specialised in treating physically handicapped children. He was educated at local schools and in 1972 won a place at Oxford University. It was sometime in his second year there that he found himself getting more and more interested in Eastern spiritual traditions. Then, one day, he took home a copy of Arthur Osborne's 'The Teachings of Ramana Maharshi in his Own Words'. Reading Ramana's words for the first time completely silenced him.
He says, "It wasn't that I had found a new set of ideas that I believed in. It was more of an experience in which I was pulled into a state of silence. In that silent space I knew directly and intuitively what Ramana's words were hinting and pointing at. Because this state itself was the answer to all my questions, and any other questions I might come up with, the interest in finding solutions anywhere else dropped away. I suppose I must have read the book in an afternoon, but by the time I put it down it had completely transformed the way I viewed myself and the world."
Early years at Sri Ramanasramam.
David Godman first visited the Tiruvannamalai ashram of Sri Ramana Maharshi in 1976. For eight years, between 1978 and 1985, he was the librarian and archivist of the ashram. In the early 1980s he also edited "The Mountain Path", a journal published by Sri Ramanasramam.
In the mid-1980s he edited "Be As You Are", an anthology of Sri Ramana Maharshi’s teachings which is now published by Penguin. This best selling book has been continuously in print since 1985. Translated and published in at least twelve foreign languages, it is the text through which most people outside India are introduced to Sri Ramana Maharshi’s teachings.
Visiting Nisargadatta Maharaj.
In the late 1970s he made many visits to Nisargadatta Maharaj, the renowned advaita teacher who lived in Mumbai and died in 1981. His lengthy online account of his experiences there has been widely appreciated and reposted.
With Lakshmana Swamy and Saradamma.
In the early 1980s he started to visit Lakshmana Swamy, an enlightened disciple of Sri Ramana Maharshi, in his ashram in Andhra Pradesh. At the instigation of Lakshmana Swamy he wrote a book ("No Mind – I am the Self") about the lives and teachings of Lakshmana Swamy and Saradamma, the latter being Lakshmana Swamy’s own enlightened disciple. When Lakshmana Swamy and Saradamma decided to move to Tiruvannamalai in the late 1980s, David Godman looked after and helped to develop their new property, which was located close to Sri Ramanasramam.
Working with Annamalai Swami.
In 1987 David Godman interviewed Annamalai Swami, a devotee of Sri Ramana Maharshi who worked at Sri Ramanasramam between 1928 and 1938. The interviews were eventually published as "Living by the Words of Bhagavan", a book which chronicled Annamalai Swami’s eventful and devotional relationship with Sri Ramana Maharshi.
In the late 1990s David Godman also edited "Final Talks", a book of Annamalai Swami’s teaching dialogues.
In Lucknow with Papaji.
In 1992 David Godman began to visit Papaji (Sri H. W. L. Poonja) a disciple of Sri Ramana Maharshi who had made many visits to Sri Ramanasramam in the 1940s, and who later became a teacher in his own right. In 1993 David Godman moved to Lucknow, the city where Papaji lived, and spent the next four years chronicling his life and teachings. In 1993 he edited "Papaji Interviews", an anthology of interviews that various journalists and visitors had had with Papaji in the early 1990s. Later that year, in cooperation with Jim Lemkin, he brought out "Call Off The Search", a documentary that focused on Papaji, his devotees and his teachings. An extensive filmed interview that Godman had with Papaji, entitled "Summa Iru" (Keep Quiet) was also brought out as a separate documentary that year.
In late 1992 Papaji asked Godman to be his official biographer. Over the next four years Godman did extensive research on Papaji’s life and the result was "Nothing Ever Happened", a three volume 1,200-page biography. In 2007 David brought out a new volume of Papaji’s teaching dialogues entitled "The Fire of Freedom".
Research and writing in Tiruvannamalai after 1997.
When Papaji died in 1997 David Godman returned to Tiruvannamalai. Between 1999 and 2003 he was engaged in a project to record the lives and experiences of devotees of Sri Ramana Maharshi. These narratives were eventually published in a three-volume series entitled "The Power of the Presence".
Between 2003 and 2008 David Godman, along with Dr T. V. Venkatasubramanian and Robert Butler, worked on translations of Tamil poems by Muruganar that had recorded Sri Ramana Maharshi’s teachings in Tamil verse. These were eventually published in two books: "Padamalai", which was brought out in 2003, and "Guru Vachaka Kovai", which came out in 2008 
David Godman, Dr T. V. Venkatasubramanian and Robert Butler also cooperated on a translation of two books that contained Ramana Maharshi’s teachings: "Sri Ramana Darsanam", a Tamil account by Sadhu Natanananda that explained Sri Ramana Maharshi’s teachings through a series of anecdotes and lectures, and "Sri Ramana Puranam", a long Tamil poem, jointly authored by Sri Ramana Maharshi and Muruganar, that is modeled on the ‘Siva Puranam’, the first poem of the Tiruvachakam by Manikkavachagar.
In the last few years David Godman has worked with Dr T. V. Venkatasubramanian and Robert Butler on more translations of Tamil mystic poetry, particularly that composed by Hindu saints who have been associated with the sacred mountain of Arunachala.
David Godman now lives on the southern side of Arunachala, about 5 km from Sri Ramanasramam. He is currently working on translations of Tevaram poetry (Tamil poetry written between 500 and 800 AD) and translations of the poetry of Guhai Namasivaya, a poet-saint who lived on Arunachala about 400 years ago.
Documentaries.
"Call off The Search". A documentary that chronicles Papaji’s life, his teachings, and the experiences of devotees who spent time with him in the early 1990s. Distributed by Avadhuta Foundation, Boulder, Colorado.
"Summa Iru". An Interview between Papaji and David Godman in which Papaji lays out some of the key elements of his teachings. Distributed by Avadhuta Foundation, Boulder, Colorado.
"Who Am I?" A documentary made in 2008 and directed by Suniti Kala for Hooper Productions. It was broadcast on SABC (South African Broadcast Corporation) in their ‘Issues of Faith’ series in 2008. The documentary features the teachings of Ramana Maharshi, Papaji and Nisargadatta Maharaj while simultaneously covering David Godman’s relationship with all three teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="20586932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586932" title="NOFX discography">
NOFX discography

This is a discography of NOFX, a California-based punk rock band. The band was formed in 1983 by vocalist and bassist Fat Mike, and guitarist Eric Melvin, drummer Erik Sandin joined them shortly afterwards. Their current second guitarist is El Hefe, who has been with the band since 1991.
To date, NOFX has released 12 studio full lengths, 16 EPs, and many 7" singles. The group has independently sold over 6 million records worldwide, making them one of the most successful independent acts of all time. The band rose to popularity in 1994 with their album "Punk in Drublic", which was their only album to obtain gold status in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20586939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586939" title="Australian plague locust">
Australian plague locust

The Australian plague locust ("Chortoicetes terminifera") is a native Australian insect in the family Acrididae and a significant agricultural pest.
Adult Australian plague locusts range in size from 20 to 45 mm in length and the colour varies from brown to green. In profile, the head is higher than the thorax, and the thorax has an 'X' shaped mark. The legs have a reddish shank and the wings are clear other than for a dark spot on the end.
Range and habitat.
The locusts occur naturally in far north-western New South Wales and the adjoining areas of Queensland and South Australia as well as Western Australia. From these areas, the locusts can expand from time to time to be found in the agricultural areas of South Australia, New South Wales—including the Riverina— and Victoria. The locust can be found in a variety of grassland and open wooded habitats across the inland areas of the Australian mainland. Upper level winds may occasionally carry locusts to coastal areas of the mainland and northern Tasmania and may establish populations in the eastern valleys of the Great Dividing Range; these populations usually fail to establish themselves for more than a few generations.
Life-cycle.
After hatching, the nymphs take around 20–25 days to complete development in mid-summer. The locust has five instars, with the wings becoming more prominent with each moult. After the first and second instar, nymphs will form aggregations known as bands; these tend to disburse by the fifth instar. Late instar bands will travel up to 500 metres per day. Drier country will see large bands congregate that are visible from the air while in the agricultural regions, bands will tend to be smaller.
After its final moult—6 to 8 weeks after egg laying—the adult locust is called a fledgling. Fledglings have three development stages; a growth phase, where wings are strengthened and the exoskeleton hardened, a fat accumulation stage and lastly, oocyte development. Gregarious populations of locusts will form swarms, recurring in central Eastern Australia once every two or three years. The Australian plague locust is less gregarious than other locust species and swarms occur in a continuum from dense swarms through a range of densities down to scattered adults. Swarms may persist for days; dispersing and reforming while following the wind. Swarms may move up to 20 kilometres in a day. Swarms can infest areas up to , although typical infestations are less than . Swarms can travel up to tending to move with hot winds and generally towards the coast in most cases. Hopper Behaviour
Thousands of young hoppers may emerge from an egg bed and remain in the location for several days before dispersing into the surrounding vegetation. As they develop hoppers tend to form into aggregations called bands. Bands are usually not well developed until the third instar and frequently contain a mixture of instars. Bands may extend over several kilometres and are often visible from the air: Mid - instar bands may move 50 m or less per day but late instar bands can move 500 m. The photo illustrates a band of locusts moving across a paddock. Virtually all of the green vegetation has been consumed behind the band.
Bands could contain up to 15,000 hoppers per square metre at the front of the band. Hoppers in bands all move in approximately the same direction giving the impression of a moving carpet of locusts. Often all green grass in the path of the band will be covered with hoppers that are actually eating the grass.
Plagues.
When food and climatic conditions are favourable huge swarms of locusts may develop. The first recorded swarm was in 1844, with further outbreaks from the 1870s onward. After 1900, the intensity and frequency of locust swarms increased and since the 1920s, a pattern has developed of localised high density populations in some locations most years and less frequent major plagues over large areas persisting for one to two years.
Infestations in Western Australia are less frequent. Widespread heavy inland rains, especially in summer, will allow plague locusts to reach plague proportions with less regular rain maintaining these high density populations. During these condition the life-cycle pattern may change to one in which the period from hatching to maturity is reduced to two and a half months. Dry conditions will reduce populations back to background levels.
Due to its large range and frequent plagues, the Australian plague locust is the most damaging locust species in Australia. Damage is mainly confined to pasture although crop damage can occur. Advanced winter crops have generally hardened off by early summer, when plague locusts become active and therefore are not favoured but dry conditions and less advanced crops can be highly susceptible to locust infestation as can young autumn crops. 
Losses in a plague can amount to $3-4 million if protection barriers are ineffective. The Australian Plague Locust Commission is responsible for the monitoring and control of locust outbreaks using the control agent fipronil and growth regulators such as diflubenzuron in the juvenile nymphal stage. Two older-generation organophosphates, fenitrothion and chlorpyrifos, are also used occasionally for auxiliary, blanket spray runs, and the bioinsecticide 'Green Guard', made from a native fungal isolate of "Metarhizium acridum". The latter is based on technology developed by CSIRO and the LUBILOSA Programme and now accounts for >12% of spray applications: for protected, organic farming, or environmentally susceptible areas such as water courses.

</doc>
<doc id="20586941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586941" title="Fitzroy Street, Melbourne">
Fitzroy Street, Melbourne

Fitzroy Street is a street in the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda, which enjoys great popularity as a recreational area, mainly due to its many restaurants and its proximity to the entertainment areas along St Kilda beach
Fitzroy St is named for Charles Augustus FitzRoy, governor of the colony at the time that St Kilda was expanding from its original seaside setting. 
Fitzroy Street is a wide boulevarde with a grade separated tram line down its full length. There are several tram stops and at least two tram superstops along its length. The width of the street enables it to also carry two lanes for cars and a bicycle lane on either side. It is sometimes closed to traffic for major events and is part of the Melbourne Marathon track.
Originally mostly residential, Fitzroy Street became the venue for many of St Kilda's hotels. Today, Fitzroy Street is mostly mixed use. The eastern section of the street begins at St Kilda Junction and comprises medium rise office towers overlooking the bottom end of Albert Park and Lake and the native parkland around the Junction Oval. This section of the street is flanked on one side by large London Plane trees. The midsection of the street has a number of apartment buildings and old hotels including the George, Saint and Prince of Wales. The seaside end of the street has a number of smaller buildings which house many takeout venues, including Leo's Sphagetti Bar, Melbourne's first Italian restaurant and gelateria which was opened during the year of the 1956 Summer Olympics. This end is flanked on both sides by elm trees and junctions with the Esplanade, Jacka Boulevarde and Beaconsfield Parade.
In the middle of the street, is the former St Kilda Railway Station, though it no longer services trains. At this point, the route 96 integrates with the on road tracks which continue along Fitzroy Street. 
Between the 1870s and 1890, Fitzroy Street was a fashionable address and was lined with Filigree architecture and terrace houses, churches and schools. During the interwar years, Fitzroy Street saw extensive infill development. The character changed in the 1950s and 1960s when many of the remaining Victorian era buildings were removed, though pockets from the Victorian era remain many which are heritage registered.
Fitzroy Street became one of the centre of the LGBT culture in Melbourne in the 1970s and was known for its cabaret venues. It is the setting for the Midsumma Festival Parade.

</doc>
<doc id="20586944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586944" title="Stéphane Ginsburgh">
Stéphane Ginsburgh

Stéphane Ginsburgh (born 27 November 1969) is a Belgian pianist of Austrian origin.
Studies.
Ginsburgh was born in Brussels. After graduating from the Royal Music Conservatories of Mons and Liège in piano and chamber music, Ginsburgh studied with Paul Badura-Skoda, Vitaly Margulis and particularly Claude Helffer in Paris for contemporary music and Jerome Lowenthal in New York.
Career.
Ginsburgh appears regularly in recitals and chamber music in Europe, the Middle East, Russia and the USA. He performs Contemporary music as well as the Classical and Romantic repertoires that he often associates in his programs.
He premiered many new pieces and has been awarded the Belgian composers' union for his implication in performing Belgian contemporary music. He regularly plays with the Ictus Ensemble under George-Elie Octors. From 1990 on, member of the "Bureau des Pianistes" and since 1991, he participates actively to the Contemporary Music Spring Festival Ars musica in Brussels. In 1998, Stephane Ginsburgh co-founded "Le Bureau des Arts" now "Sonar", an active group of artists dedicated to different types of artistic expression and creation including music, dance and literature. He was artistic director of the Centre Henri Pousseur dedicated to electronic music and live electronics from 2010 until 2013.
Discography.
Among many CD releases, Marcel Duchamp’s "Erratum Musical" and Morton Feldman "Last Pieces" received praising reviews by New York critics. He recorded three CDs with music by Jean-Luc Fafchamps and Morton Feldman. His latest CD for Sub Rosa features "For Bunita Marcus" by Morton Feldman. Upcoming projects include a five CDs box for Sub Rosa with Feldman's complete piano music. He also recorded monographies of young composers, the German David Helbich (2003), the Argentine Juan Carlos Tolosa (2004) and the Canadian André Ristic (2005).
Other activities.
Ginsburgh teaches piano, philosophy and sociology at the Institut Jaques-Dalcroze (Brussels), the Music school of Mons and has taught for several years Chamber Music at the Royal Conservatory of Liège. He is assistant for the piano at the Royal Conservatory of Brussels since 2012.
He studied philosophy at the Université libre de Bruxelles and also wrote several articles about politics, and the interpretation of contemporary music.
He translated Eric Hobsbawm's "Uncommon People: resistance, rebellion and jazz" into French for Aden Editions.

</doc>
<doc id="20586974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20586974" title="Jón Sigurðsson (minister)">
Jón Sigurðsson (minister)

Jón Sigurðsson (born 23 August 1946) is an Icelandic politician. He was brought in as Minister of Industry and Commerce for the Progressive Party when Halldór Ásgrímsson abandoned politics. He was later elected party chairman from 2006 to 2007 but resigned after he failed to win a seat in the Althing (Iceland's parliament). Prior to that, he had been governor of the Central Bank of Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="20587006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587006" title="Western New York and Pennsylvania Railway (1895–1955)">
Western New York and Pennsylvania Railway (1895–1955)

The Western New York and Pennsylvania Railway was a railroad in the U.S. states of New York and Pennsylvania. Incorporated in 1887 as the Western New York and Pennsylvania "Railroad" from the reorganization of the Buffalo, New York, and Philadelphia, and reorganized in 1895 as the Western New York and Pennsylvania "Railway", it was acquired and leased by the Pennsylvania Railroad in 1900 and merged into the Penndel Company in 1955.
The route the line followed from Emporium, Pennsylvania across the state line to Olean, Hinsdale, Cuba, Belfast, and Rochester was laid, from Belfast north, on the bed of the abandoned Genesee Valley Canal. A house of Italianate design was purchased on Main Street West at Trowbridge Street and converted into the Rochester station.
The 1895 to 1899 period saw revenue inadequate to pay the bond interest, and this was contemporaneous with the Pennsylvania's need to expand into western New York. Moreover, this expansion did not raise competitive issues with the Pennsy's principal rival, the New York Central. Thus, on 1 August 1900, the WNY&PRY signed an agreement with the PRR under which the latter operated the former. Although the WNY&PRY did not generate much profit in this arrangement, it did improve matters for the Allegheny Valley and the Philadelphia and Erie roads, so the net result was satisfactory to the Pennsylvania.
Eventually, the Western New York and Pennsylvania Railway became the Pennsylvania's Buffalo and Allegheny Valley Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20587012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587012" title="Manga Time">
Manga Time

"Manga Time" is the flagship title for Hōbunsha, and has spun off a series of related magazines including "Manga Home", "Manga Time Jumbo", "Manga Time Kirara", "Manga Time Lovely", "Manga Time Family", "Manga Time Kirara Max", "Manga Time Special", "Manga Time Original", and "Manga Time Kirara Carat". All of these manga magazines are marketed as a "poor man's" comic, with a low price point and availability at locations such as convenience stores and train stations. 
In addition to the magazines listed above, "Manga Time" also releases a monthly Manga Time Collection which contains works by only one artist per issue. 
Currently serialized works.
Listed alphabetically by title.
Previously serialized works.
Listed alphabetically by title.

</doc>
<doc id="20587039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587039" title="Non-volcanic passive margins">
Non-volcanic passive margins

Non-volcanic passive margins (NVPM) constitute one end member of the transitional crustal types that lie beneath passive continental margins; the other end member being volcanic passive margins (VPM). Transitional crust welds continental crust to oceanic crust along the lines of continental break-up. Both VPM and NVPM form during rifting, when a continent rifts to form a new ocean basin. NVPM are different from VPM because of a lack of volcanism. Instead of intrusive magmatic structures, the transitional crust is composed of stretched continental crust and exhumed upper mantle. NVPM are typically submerged and buried beneath thick sediments, so they must be studied using geophysical techniques or drilling. NVPM have diagnostic seismic, gravity, and magnetic characteristics that can be used to distinguish them from VPM and for demarcating the transition between continental and oceanic crust.
Typical characteristics.
NVPM are the result of rifting when a continent breaks up to form an ocean, producing transitional crust without volcanism. Extension causes a number of events to occur. First is lithospheric thinning, which allows asthenospherc upwelling; heating further erodes the lithosphere, furthering the thinning process. The extensional forces also cause listric faults and continentward dipping reflectors that help identify NVPM and distinguish them from VPM, characterized by seaward-dipping seismic reflectors. The main difference between NVPM and VPM is that in the latter case, the mantle is hot enough to melt and produce voluminous basalts, whereas in the former case the mantle doesn't melt and there is little or no volcanism. Instead, extension simply pulls the crust away, exposing or "unroofing" the mantle, exposing serpentinized peridotite. The mantle doesn't melt because it is cold or upwells slowly, so there are no igneous rocks like there are in VPM. The basalts and granites are replaced with serpentinized peridotite, accompanied by unique serpentothemal and hydrothermal activity. Increasing density of the lithosphere as it cools and sediment accumulation causes subsidence.
Geophysical properties.
Seismic characteristics.
Seismic reflection lines across passive margins show many structural features common to both VPM and NVPM, such as faulting and crustal thinning, with the primary contra-indicator for volcanism being the presence of continent-ward dipping reflectors.
NVPM also display distinct p-wave velocity structures that differentiate them from VPM. Typical NVPM exhibit a high velocity, high gradient lower crust (6.4-7.7 km/s) overlain by a thin, low velocity (4–5 km/s) upper crustal layer. The high velocity shallow layer is usually interpreted as the serpentinzed peridotite associated with NVPM. In some cases, an extremely thick igneous underplating of a VPM will display similar P-wave velocity (7.2-7.8 km/s, but with a lower gradient). For this reason, velocity structure alone cannot be used to determine the nature of a margin.
Gravity properties.
Gravity data provides information about the subsurface density distribution. The most important gravity feature associated with any continent-ocean transition, including NVPM, is the free-air edge effect anomaly, which consists of a gravity high and a gravity low associated with the contrast between the thick continental and thin oceanic crust. There are also subsurface variations in density that cause significant variations across the continent-ocean transition. The crust, as well as the entire lithosphere, is thinned due to mechanical extension. The Moho marks a large density contrast between crust and mantle, typically at least 0.35 g/cm3. The highest amplitudes of the gravity anomaly occur seaward of the continent-ocean transition. High-density upper mantle material is elevated relative to the more landward crustal root. The oceanic crust density is then further enhanced with gabbros and basalts and additionally contributes to the regional gravity trend. 
Where the thickness of the crust and lithosphere varies, equilibrium must be reached. Isostatic compensation and gravity anomalies result from balance between mass excess of the extra mantle beneath the thinned lithosphere and the overlying low-density crust. Positive gravity anomalies result from the relatively low flexural strength of the lithosphere during the beginning of rifting. As the passive margin matures, the crust and uppermost mantle become colder and stronger, so that the compensating deflection in the base of the lithosphere is broader than the actual rift. Higher flexural strength results in a broadening of the gravity anomaly with time.
Magnetic properties.
The magnetic signature of a passive continental margin is influenced by the volume of material with a high magnetic susceptibility and the depth of the material below the surface. Large amplitude magnetic anomalies are associated with high magnetic susceptibility (~0.06 emu) igneous rocks of VPM. In contrast, NVPM exhibit only small amplitude anomalies associated with the edge effect at the boundary between the exhumed mantle (~0.003 emu) at the transition zone, and the true oceanic crust basalt (~0.05 emu). This anomaly can be used to locate the boundary between transitional crust and oceanic crust. The absence of large amplitude anomalies is a very strong indication that a margin is non-volcanic.
Formation.
Passive rifting.
Passive rifting, unlike active rifting, occurs principally by extensional tectonic forces as opposed to magmatic forces originating from convection cells or mantle plumes. Isostatic forces allow mantle material to rise under the thinning lithosphere. Subsidence and sedimentation occur during both the initial rifting stage and the post rifting stages. Only after initial rifting does any mantle melting occur. Continued extension of the lithosphere will eventually lead to decompression melting of the mantle and the formation of a mid-ocean ridge. This process results in the creation of an ocean basin, and possibly conjugate NVPM (Geoffroy 2005).
Rifting models.
There are several models for forming NVPM. Passive rifting can follow McKenzie’s pure shear model, Wernicke’s simple shear model, or a composite model combining features of both, as observed at the Galicia bank NVPM.
McKenzie pure shear model.
Pure shear describes “homogeneous flattening” of rocks without rotations, while maintaining a constant volume. If a cube undergoes pure shearing, the result will be a rectangular prism with sides parallel to those of the initial cube. McKenzie’s model predicts symmetric structures on either side of the rift zone composed of rotated fault blocks bounded by normal faults.
Wernicke simple shear model.
In contrast to pure shear, simple shear describes constant volume strain with rotations. If a cube undergoes simple shearing, the result will be a parallelogram with sides that increase in length and are no longer parallel to the sides of the original cube. The top and bottom of the cube will neither stretch nor shorten. In a simple shear model, a basin is stretched asymmetrically by a large scale detachment fault extending from the upper crust to the lower lithosphere and even asthenosphere.
Galicia bank.
Composite model formation.
During the Late Jurassic-Early Cretaceous, tectonic extensional forces created a shallow angle east-dipping detachment fault. This fault cut from what is now the Flemish Cap margin in Nova Scotia, eastern Canada to the Galicia margin, which is located west of the Iberian Peninsula. This fault penetrated the upper portion of the continental crust and merged into the transition between brittle upper and plastic lower crust. In time, displacement along this detachment fault decreased to zero at a point under the Galicia margin. East of this detachment fault, the structure of the Galicia NVPM is entirely pure shear resulting in rotated fault blocks, normal faults, and continent-ward dipping seismic reflectors. Simple shear is only evident in the western edge of the Galicia margin and the upper crust of the Flemish Cap margin where the crust is brittle. Below this brittle crust, the ductile crust follows McKenzie’s pure shear model. Mantle material composed of peridotites is serpentinized by circulating seawater after it rises close enough to the upper crust due to its low density and isostatic forces. After sufficient thinning of the lithosphere, this serpentinized material is emplaced at the continent-ocean transition. This is why the transitional crust of NVPM are made of serpentinized peridotite instead of magmatic structures seen in VPM. Since the emplacement of the peridotite, oceanic crust has been forming at the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and driving the two NVPM apart. The simple shear detachment became a deactivated detachment fault once this rifting process began the formation of new oceanic crust. This process explains the structures seen at the Galicia margin today.

</doc>
<doc id="20587048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587048" title="Lauriidae">
Lauriidae

Lauriidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks. 
Taxonomy.
The Lauriidae family is classified within the informal group Orthurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Lauriidae has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Lauriidae include:
The type genus is "Lauria" Gray, 1840.

</doc>
<doc id="20587078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587078" title="Lezant">
Lezant

Lezant () is a civil parish and village in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. Lezant village is about five miles (8 kilometres) south of Launceston. The population of the parish in the 2001 census was 751.
Geography.
The parish of Lezant is in the Launceston registration district. The county border with Devon forms the parish's eastern boundary. It is bounded on the north by South Petherwin and Lawhitton. 
Greystone Quarry and Bridge.
A historically important road crossing of the River Tamar is from the village at Greystone Bridge; the arched stone bridge was built in 1439. Greystone Bridge is the site of a large aggregate quarry operated by Bardon Aggregates. The quarry walls are designated as the "Greystone Quarry SSSI" (Site of Special Scientific Interest), for its geological characteristics.
Churches.
Lezant parish church is dedicated to St Briochus and was considerably restored in 1869. There was formerly an ancient chapel at Trecarrel (or Trecarrell) ("see below") dedicated to St Mary Magdalene but it no longer exists.
The parish of Lezant lay within the bishop's pecular manor and deanery of Lawhitton. The high altar of the church was rededicated in 1336; part of the chancel dates from slightly earlier than this. The rest of the spacious building is of the 15th century and there is a fine tower. In medieval times there was a chapel of St Lawrence (mentioned in 1447) and at Landue a chapel of St Bridget. There was an oratory of the Wyse family at Greystone in 1329.
Trecarrel.
At Trecarrel is the hall built by Sir Henry Trecarrel (now used as a barn) very early in the 16th century. The carved stones intended to embellish the hall were afterwards used in the building of the Parish Church of St Mary Magdalene at Launceston. The hall is impressive with fine Perpendicular windows and oak wagon roof; the chapel was still in existence in 1925. King Charles I arrived in Cornwall and spent the night at the house of Ambrose Manaton at Trecarrel on 1 August 1644.

</doc>
<doc id="20587096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587096" title="World Powerlifting Congress">
World Powerlifting Congress

The World Powerlifting Congress (WPC) is a powerlifting federation hosting meets around the world. The federation hosts competitions which allow multi-ply equipment, but hosted a Raw world championship for the first time in 2009. 
The WPC was established in 1986 and has affiliates in 37 countries.
In 1999, the WPC started to host drug tested competitions under the AWPC banner, with both raw and equipped contests. The competitive season comes to an end each year in November, as qualified lifters from different countries compete in the annual WPC World Championships.
The United States affiliate for the WPC is the American Powerlifting Federation (APF). The APF has several series of qualifying competitions that allow athletes to advance from the local/state level, to the national level, and then finally to the international level, the WPC/AWPC.
As of 2013, the British affiliate is known as the BPU (British Powerlifting Union), following the BPC (British Powerlifting Committee) losing the WPC licence.
WPC World Championships.
Aside from the IPF version of the world championships, the WPC also have their own version.
Men.
WPC world champions
WPC Raw World Championships.
The WPC began hosting the WPC Raw World Championships (without the use of single/multi-ply gear) in 2009. The only equipment allowed is a weight belt and wrist wraps.
AWPC Raw World Championships.
The WPC began hosting the drug tested AWPC Raw World Championships (without the use of single/multi-ply gear) in 2009. The only equipment allowed is a weight belt and wrist wraps. Unlike the WPC, the event is drug tested.

</doc>
<doc id="20587105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587105" title="Saamida">
Saamida

Saamida is a 2008 Tamil film. Directed by Vadivudayaan and its stars Sembi, Dhanushya. Music for the movie scored by Indhrajith. Movie released on 6 December 2008.
Plot.
Saamida movie starts with a girl from Ramanathapuram who is suffering because of hunger, sold to prostitute area in Mumbai. She left with no option, so she carry on with that. The Man who was a regular customer to her, got married with that girl. Later, he changed to gang leader and took revenge on enemies. Things happened in front of her eyes, changed her to Woman Gang leader. Orphan Child becomes her right hand.
Everyone feared, when they went to Kasi. They are doing various business like Mafia, Illegal Alcohol, Drugs and killing enemies who are against them by Saami. In the meantime, Saami got love with the heroine Pelo. Saami doing illegal things without her lover. When she come to know this, she tried to change his mind. What happens after that forms the rest of the story.
Performance.
In his first film Sembi, he involved his character and acted very well in rowdy character. Actress Dhanusuya's acting was good, when she fell in love and tries to relieve Sembi from underworld life. Neeba's acting is good even she came for while. Ragasiya's glamorous shots adds taste to the movie.
Kanal Kannan and Minnal Kannan stunt fights was good. Locations filmed are Mumbai, Himachal Pradesh, Ladakh, Salakkudi, Pondicherry. Scenes in Kasi are natural. Applaud to cinematographer Sreenivas Reddy who covered well about Saints, River and many locations. Music Director Indrajjith's songs are like speed-brake in highway. Rajs's Editing is crispy.
Minus.
Director forgot to tell, in what basis hero fell in love, which attracted him
Audio.
Saamida Audio album released on 14 October 2008 by director A.R.Murugadoss.

</doc>
<doc id="20587119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587119" title="Dysart railway station">
Dysart railway station

Dysart was the name given to a sequence of railway locations on the North East railway beside the Goulburn River south of Seymour, Victoria, Australia. The others were School House Lane, Dysart Siding, Dysart Defence Sidings and Goulburn Junction.
School House Lane.
School House Lane was the first terminus of the North East railway, opened as a temporary terminus as the girders for the Goulburn River bridge had not yet arrived from England. Located at 59 miles, 20 chains (95.4 kilometres) from Spencer Street it was open for public services between April 18 to August 28, 1872, and was provided with passenger and goods platforms, an engine shed, ash pit, water supply, and a derrick crane. A station building was provided, as well as a tent with brick chimney for the station master. After the line was extended into Seymour station, School House Lane was closed.
Dysart Siding.
Dysart Siding was located on the Seymour side of the School House Lane level crossing, 94.9 kilometres from Spencer Street. Opened under the name 'School House Lane' for firewood traffic on February 4, 1889 it was renamed Dysart on December 5, 1904. The siding was on the eastern side of the main line, and connected to both the up and down lines, the connection to the down line being abolished in March 1889. Final closure came on July 6, 1943.
Goulburn Junction.
The first Goulburn Junction signal box was at 95.4 kilometres from Spencer Street. Just south of the Goulburn River bridge, it was opened in October 1886 to control the points and signals at the end of the double line from Melbourne. The double line was not continued further north into Seymour due to the cost of duplicating the river bridge. In August 1925 the signal box was abolished when remote control was provided from Seymour 'A' signal box, and the junction itself was eliminated in May 1942 when the double line was extended over a new bridge into Seymour, to the west of the existing bridge.
Goulburn Junction reappeared in 1961 when the parallel standard gauge line was opened, using the eastern bridge to cross the Goulburn River. As a result the broad gauge was reduced to one track, the transition between double and single track being 96.1 kilometres from Spencer Street, and controlled from Seymour 'A' signal box.
Dysart Defence Sidings.
95.8 kilometres from Spencer Street, the Dysart Defence Sidings opened on July 15, 1941 to serve Puckapunyal and other army camps in the area. Located on the eastern side of the line, three sheds were located along a goods platform. A signal box was provided in 1942 to control the junction of the main line and the siding, but after the war saw little use. However they remained in operation until May 1987, when the sidings were closed and later removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20587149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587149" title="Rahamim Malul">
Rahamim Malul

Rahamim Malul (, born 29 April 1946) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shas between 1999 and 2003, and is the current mayor of Rehovot.
Biography.
Born in Morocco, Malul made aliyah to Israel in 1960. He studied at a teachers' college, and worked as a teacher and administrator. 
He was elected onto Rehovot city council, where he served three terms. In August 1996 he was appointed head of the local council of the Bedouin city of Kuseife by the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
In the 1999 elections Malul was placed 12th on the Shas list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 17 seats. He lost his seat in the 2003 elections
He became mayor of Rehovot in 2009 after the resignation of Shuki Forer.

</doc>
<doc id="20587165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587165" title="Penny Layden">
Penny Layden

Penny Layden (born 1969) is a British actress who has performed at the National Theatre - Table, Timon of Athens, Edward II, with the Royal Shakespeare Company], the Old Vic Theatre Shakespeare's Globe and with Shared Experience and the Royal Exchange Theatre amongst other theatre companies. Her television credits include Call the Midwife, Silent Witness and Poppy Shakespeare; she also performed in The Libertine starring Johnny Depp.

</doc>
<doc id="20587174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587174" title="Strobilopsidae">
Strobilopsidae

Strobilopsidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea.
Taxonomy.
The Strobilopsidae family is classified within the informal group Orthurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Strobilopsidae has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi (2005).
Some authorities place the family Spelaeodiscidae as a subfamily (Spelaeodiscinae) of the Strobilopsidae.
Genera.
Genera within the family Strobilopsidae include:
Shell description.
The shell is trochiform, dome-shaped or discoidal and umbilicate. The shell has from 4½ to 6 slowly enlarging whorls. The aperture is small, oblique, with armature of 2 or 3 parietal lamellae and several deeply placed basal folds, all growing continuously from an early neanic stage. The peristome is more or less thickened and expanded, the ends of the lip remote, joined by a parietal callus.
The shell, aside from its helicoid shape (not a character of great importance), differs from all Pupillidae in the arrangement of the lamellae and baso-palatal folds. In multidentate Pupillidae the five primary teeth are always recognizable while in "Strobilops" only the main parietal lamella and the columellar lamella can certainly be said to correspond, and these are found in so many other land shells that their occurrence is not especially significant. It is possible, however, that upper and lower palatal folds of Pupillidae are represented by teeth 5 (the most right basal tooth) and 2 (second left basal tooth), and the basal fold by tooth 1 (the most left basal tooth).
By the accelerated lamellae and folds of the shell, which appear early in the neanic stage, "Strobilops" resembles various Tornatellininae (within Achatinellidae). In that family both parietal and palatal folds or laminae are sometimes present in the neanic stage. Various pupillid genera also, such as "Orcula" (Orculidae) and "Lauria" (Lauriidae), have apertural armature during the neanic stage. "Orcula" has spiral parietal and columellar lamellae but no basal or palatal folds. "Lauria" has basal folds, but they are spaced, "transverse" barriers, wholly unlike the adult basal or palatal armature of the species, and differing equally from the folds of immature "Strobilops", which from their inception appear to develop continuously into those of the adult shell. It appears likely that the acceleration or early appearance of apertural armature in Tornatellininae, "Orcula", "Lauria" and "Strobilops" has been independent in the four groups, and is not indicative of direct relationship between any of them.
Anatomy.
The urethra lies very near the last part of the intestine.
Digestive system: The jaw has numerous ribs. Radula with tricuspid central tooth with square basal plate, as large as the bicuspid laterals, the marginals multicuspid.
Reproductive system: Ovotestis forms two groups of follicles. Penis is continued in a long epiphallus and bears a long appendix, with swollen basal and distal divisions, the penial retractor bifurcate, one branch inserted on the epiphallus, the other on the base of the appendix (distally it attaches to the right ocular retractor, according to G. Dallas Hanna).
By the structure of the male organs "Strobilops" resembles "Vallonia", "Pupilla", "Lauria", the Achatinellidae, and some other groups are similar in having a bifurcate penial retractor and a long, tripartite appendix. If G. Dallas Hanna is right in stating that
the penial retractor is a branch of the right ocular band, this is an important difference from any known Orthurethra. The mouth parts do not differ materially from some Pupillidae.
Fossil distribution.
Strobilopsidae appeared in the Upper Eocene of western Europe in several species having all the external characters of the genus "Strobilops", and though the internal structure has not been worked out (in 1927), it is safe to assume that they are closely related to the well-known Oligocene forms following them. In Europe this genus continued in numerous species into the Pliocene, the last one in the Upper Pliocene (Astian stage) of Piedmont.
In late Cretaceous beds there are various forms described as "Helix", or under the names "Obbinula" and "Pseudostrobilus", which certainly have some of the characters of "Strobilops". All are larger than any "Strobilops".
References.
This article incorporates public domain text originating from the USA from the reference (1927 work without copyright notice).

</doc>
<doc id="20587182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587182" title="Spelaeodiscidae">
Spelaeodiscidae

Spelaeodiscidae is a family of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Spelaeodiscidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
Genera within the family Spelaeodiscidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="20587185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587185" title="John Milton's relationships">
John Milton's relationships

John Milton was involved in many relationships, romantic and not, that impacted his various works and writings.
Marriage.
Marie Powell.
Milton married Mary Powell in May 1642, and, shortly after, she left him and returned to live with her mother. He wanted to divorce her in order to marry another, but the legal statutes of England did not allow for Milton to apply for a divorce. Although it is impossible to know why exactly Powell separated from Milton, it is possible that Powell's family, a strong royalist family, caused a political difference that was exacerbated by the English Civil War. Regardless of her reason, the action motivated Milton towards researching and eventually writing on the topic. During his research, he read a work of Martin Bucer discussing divorce, which encouraged him to take up the arguments and pursue a reform of the English divorce laws.
Milton began writing a series of divorce tracts. Sometime between 1642 and 1645, Milton met and attempted to pursue another woman known only as Miss Davis. During his involvement with her, he attempted to convince her that his marriage should have resulted in a divorce and that it would be appropriate for her to marry him although he was already legally married; this resulted in failure. However, this did not dissuade his campaign to reform the divorce laws, and he continued to pursue the topic until his wife returned to him. This reconciliation could have come in part from the failure of the royalists, including Powell's family, to prevail during the English Civil War and lacking justification to further distance themselves from Milton.
Later wives.
Milton and Powell's marriage lasted until 1652; Powell died while giving birth to Deborah, the couple's third daughter. She was followed by the death of John, their infant and only son. Milton remarried Katherine Woodcock in 1656. This marriage was far more successful than Milton's previous, but, like his first wife, Woodcock died from complications experienced while giving birth. By this time, Milton fully succumbed to blindness and had to raise his three daughters. This put significant strain on Milton, and matters were only complicated further when Oliver Cromwell died in 1658 and the Commonwealth fell apart.
Friendship.
Charles Diodati.
Until his marriage, Milton was involved in only one close relationship: his friendship with Charles Diodati (1608?-1638). They were schoolboys together at St Paul's School and kept up a correspondence. This exchange prompted Milton's Elegy 1.
Diodati was the nephew of Giovanni Diodati, a member of a prominent Italian Calvinist family originally from Lucca. Diodati's father Theodore was a court and fashionable Swiss-Italian physician in England, with a practice in London; he himself became a physician after studying at Oxford, in Chester and then in London. When Diodati died, Milton composed an elegy in his memory, and included a headnote saying that they "had pursued the same studies" and that they were the "most intimate friends from childhood on".
Andrew Marvell.
On 21 February 1653, Milton recommended Andrew Marvell for a position with the Commonwealth's Council of State as his assistant after his previous assistant died. It is uncertain when the two first met, but Marvell knew Milton's works and included similar themes within his own poetry a few years prior. Milton liked Marvell, and in his recommendation describes Marvell as
a man whom both by report, & converse I have had with him, of singular desert for the state to make us of; who also offers himselfe, if there by any imployment for him... if upon the death of Mr. Wakerly the Councell shall think that I shall need any assistant in the performance of my place (though for my part I find noe encumberances of that which belongs to me, except it be in point of attendance at Conferences with Ambassadors, which I much confesse, in my Condition I am not fit for) it would be hard for them to find a Man soe fit every way for the purpose as this Gentleman
The Council did not accept Marvell, and they instead made Philip Meadows, a diplomat, assistant to Milton. By September 1657, Marvell was finally allowed to be Milton's assistant, and the two become close. During this time, John Dryden was employed in the same office and, according to Barbara Lewalski, it was "A remarkable happenstance, that the three best poets of the age should be together at the same time in Cromwell's bureaucracy!"
Nathan Paget.
Paget was a physician, on friendly terms with Milton from around 1651, and a cousin of his third wife Elizabeth.
Literary.
Thomas Hobbes.
There is little known about a direct relationship, if there was any, between Milton and Thomas Hobbes except for one passage from John Aubrey's "Minutes of the Life of Mr. John Milton": "His widow assures me that Mr. T. Hobbes was not one of his acquaintances, that her husband did not like him at all, but he would acknowledge him to be a man of great parts, and a learned man. There interests and tenets did run counter to each other". 
This does not stop scholars from wanting to compare these two contemporaries together, especially with their conflicting ideas on politics. To Marjorie Nicolson, Milton spent his life combating and counteracting the philosophy of Hobbes, an individual that he believed was "The Atheist and Arch Heretic". However, this view was challenged a decade later by George Williamson, who believed that, in terms of philosophy and not theology or politics, Milton and Hobbes held similar beliefs. These views became two extremes of a debate on the relationship between the two, and Nathaniel Henry, to try to find a compromise between both sides, argued that both were wrong because "Hobbes was no atheist" and that "Milton and Hobbes were in reality somewhat opposed in their views". 
Henry argued that the only way to determine an intellectual relationship between the two men was to analyze how their philosophical views, and, particularly, "Milton's views on the soul must be considered from a wider point of view". The view that Milton held of the soul was the Anabaptist idea of soul sleeping. Hobbes, according to Henry, was a follower of John Calvin's "Psychopannychia", which "was a tract against the 'Anabaptist' doctrine of the sleep of the soul between death and resurrection, separating the two further. 
The two were also opposed in their views on how best to prevent Catholicism to enter into England. Milton believed that the only way to stop Catholicism was to remove all centralized government and liturgical practices and, according to Timothy Rosendale, "he flatly denounces the liturgy as 'evil'" and as a "popish relic". Hobbes argued that this decentralization could not have this effect because, as Patricia Springborg points out, the "national religions of the Reformed Church still retained theological doctrines which could give Roman Catholicism a foot-hold in the realm".

</doc>
<doc id="20587192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587192" title="Argnidae">
Argnidae

Argnidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
Distribution.
Distribution of Argnidae include Europe: southern and eastern Alps and Carpathian Mountains.
Taxonomy.
The Argnidae family is classified within the informal group Orthurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Argnidae has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
Genera in the family Argnidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="20587201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587201" title="Correctional Services Corporation">
Correctional Services Corporation

Correctional Services Corporation (CSC), originally Esmor Correctional Corporation, was a correctional firm founded by James F. Slattery in 1987. It was located in Sarasota, Florida, USA, and traded on the NASDAQ (NASDAQ NMS:CSCQ). It had been a corporation specializing in the privatization of correctional facilities for federal, state, and local agencies housing adults, juvenile, and Department Of Homeland Security prisoners.
Much of CSC's profits were allegedly based on high crime-rates, as hinted in a 2002 statement by James F. Slattery: "Increases in parole rates combined with economic slowdowns traditionally lead to increased need for correctional services," he said. "We believe this historical pattern will be repeated and its effect felt in 2002 and beyond."
Correctional Services Corp. received a $300,000 fine for buying votes in the state legislature, issued by the New York State Lobbying Commission.
In 2005, CSC was sold to GEO Group for $62.1 million. GEO then divested the youth portion of the enterprise, Youth Services International, back to its principals. Inmates held in facilities run by Youth Services International, according to a 2013 HuffPost investigation, "have frequently faced beatings, neglect, sexual abuse and unsanitary food over the past two decades."

</doc>
<doc id="20587206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587206" title="List of The Yogi Bear Show episodes">
List of The Yogi Bear Show episodes

The following is a list of episodes for the 1961–1962 cartoon series "The Yogi Bear Show".
With the exception of the last episode, each episode consists of a Yogi Bear cartoon, a Snagglepuss cartoon, and a Yakky Doodle cartoon.

</doc>
<doc id="20587223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587223" title="Cylindrellinidae">
Cylindrellinidae

†Cylindrellinidae is an extinct family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
Taxonomy.
The Cylindrellinidae family is classified within the informal group Orthurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Cylindrellinidae consists of the following subfamilies:

</doc>
<doc id="20587228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587228" title="The Submerged Cathedral (novel)">
The Submerged Cathedral (novel)

The Submerged Cathedral is a 2004 novel by Australian author Charlotte Wood. 

</doc>
<doc id="20587238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587238" title="Tropical Storm Holly">
Tropical Storm Holly

The name Holly has been used for two tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean and three in the western Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20587251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587251" title="David Wilson (footballer born 1969)">
David Wilson (footballer born 1969)

David Graham Wilson (born 20 March 1969) is an English former footballer and football manager, who was last the manager of Ljungskile in the Swedish Superettan, the second level of football in Sweden. As a player, he played as a centre midfielder for several English clubs, including Manchester United, Charlton Athletic and Bristol Rovers, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, before moving to Scandinavia, playing for various clubs in Finland and Sweden.
Career.
Born in Burnley, Lancashire, Wilson joined Manchester United on associate schoolboy terms in January 1984. He made 12 appearances for the club's Junior B team in the Lancashire League Second Division in 1984–85 season, and signed apprentice forms in May 1985. The following season, he divided his time between the club's Junior A, Junior B and Youth teams, as well as making an appearance for the Reserve team in March 1986. In March 1987, Wilson signed a professional contract with Manchester United and, by the 1987–88 season, he had become a regular in the Reserve team.
The 1988–89 season saw Wilson finally progress to the first team, coming on as an 88th-minute substitute for Clayton Blackmore in a 1–1 home draw with Sheffield Wednesday on 23 November 1988. He made his FA Cup debut later that season, playing in the Third Round tie against Queens Park Rangers on 7 January 1989; the match finished goalless, forcing a replay four days later, which Wilson also played in.
Unfortunately for Wilson, his sixth appearance for the club – all of which came as a substitute – would also be his last first team outing. After that 2–0 home defeat to Derby County, Wilson returned to playing in the club's Reserve team, and was sent on a month-long loan to Lincoln City in October 1990. In March 1991, he went on loan again, this time to Charlton Athletic, where he played until the end of the season. His Manchester United contract expired at the end of June 1991, and he was allowed to join Bristol Rovers on a free transfer on 30 June 1991.
Wilson played for Bristol Rovers for two seasons, but only managed 11 appearances for the Somerset club before moving to Finland to play for RoPS (Rovaniemen Palloseura) for the second half of the 1993 Veikkausliiga season. He was then picked up by Ljungskile of Sweden for the 1994 season, and played for them until the end of 1998. Between 1999 and 2001, Wilson played for Haka of Finland where he twice picked up a league winners medal, but he was then signed by HJK Helsinki for the 2002 season, winning a further league title. In 2003, Wilson returned to Sweden and to Ljungskile, this time as a player-manager. He remained in the role for two seasons, before spending a third purely as a manager. In that third season, he guided the team to promotion to the Superettan via a play-off win against Vasby United and a fourth place finish in 2005 during their first season back in the Superettan, before winding down his playing career with Rosseröd.
The following season, Wilson went into management on a full-time basis, taking the reins at GIF Sundsvall. After a season in Sundsvall, Wilson returned to Ljungskile for a third time, and guided them to promotion to the Allsvenskan in his second season back at the club. In the 2008 season, however, Ljungskile could only finish in 14th place in the league and had to play in a relegation play-off against the third-placed team from the Superettan, Brommapojkarna. Ljungskile managed a 0–0 draw away from home, but a 1–1 draw at the H. A. Bygg Arena meant that Brommapojkarna were promoted to the Allsvenskan on away goals, at Ljungskile's expense.
Coaching career.
Wilson's first foray into management came in 2003, when he was made player-manager of Ljungskile. He returned to playing for a season in 2005, before becoming a full-time manager with GIF Sundsvall in 2006. He returned to Ljungskile later that year, and guided them to promotion to the Allsvenskan in 2007 and left his position as manager of LSK in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20587257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587257" title="2009 Gold Coast Titans season">
2009 Gold Coast Titans season

The 2009 Gold Coast Titans season was the third in the club's history. They competed in the National Rugby League's 2009 Telstra Premiership, finishing the regular season 3rd (out of 16), and for the first time reached the finals only to be knocked out by eventual grand finalists, the Parramatta Eels.
Fixtures.
Source: [http://media.foxsports.com.au/images/2009_nrl_fixtures.pdf]
Available 2009 Players.
Bold Players have played International or State any year
"Full Backs"<br> 
"Wingers"<br> 
"Centres"<br> 
"Halves"<br> 
"Hookers"<br> 
"Props"<br> 
"Second Rowers/Locks"<br> 
Player Transfers.
Source: 2009 NRL PLayer Movements
Off Contract.
Chris Walker
Brenton Bowen
Ben Jeffery

</doc>
<doc id="20587270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587270" title="Smoke and Mirrors (TV series)">
Smoke and Mirrors (TV series)

Smoke and Mirrors is an Irish comedy cabaret television show airing on RTÉ Two each Monday night at 22:00. Launched on 1 December 2008, it is presented by the stand-up comedian Andrew Maxwell. RTÉ describes the series as "an eclectic mix of stand-up comedy and vaudeville acts". The series draws on Maxwell's live stage show, titled "The Fullmooners". Alongside Maxwell's stand-up there are performances by a number of his stage show regulars such as Lady Carol of the Moontacula, described as "a jazzy blues queen who sings rock covers while playing a ukulele". As well as this spectacle there are also breakdancers and other non-Maxwellian stand-up comedians such as Britain's Adam Bloom, Craig Campbell, and Glenn Wool and Australia's Steve Hughes. The series is produced by Happy Endings Productions, the company behind "The Panel".

</doc>
<doc id="20587273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587273" title="Cerastidae">
Cerastidae

Cerastidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Enoidea, (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Cerastidae has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera in the family Cerastidae include:
Description.
Anatomically speaking, there is no flagellum in the reproductive system of snails in the family Cerastidae, and this is what distinguishes this family from its sister group the family Enidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20587297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587297" title="List of glamour models">
List of glamour models

This is a list of notable glamour models.

</doc>
<doc id="20587310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587310" title="Open Patent Alliance">
Open Patent Alliance

The Open Patent Alliance is a patent pool that was announced on June 9, 2008 for owners and claimants of patents and intellectual property related to the WiMAX standard. The inaugural members include Alcatel-Lucent, Cisco Systems, Clearwire, Intel, Samsung, and Sprint. Owners and claimants who have not joined the alliance include Wi-LAN and Qualcomm.

</doc>
<doc id="20587319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587319" title="Lincoln Broyhill">
Lincoln Broyhill

Lincoln Felix "Babe" Broyhill (January 31, 1925 – November 21, 2008) was a record-setting American tail-gunner in World War II and later a successful real estate developer.
Early years.
Broyhill was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and grew up in Hopewell, Virginia, and later in Arlington, Virginia.
Military service.
Broyhill joined the U.S. Army Air Force in 1943. He served with the 8th Air Force in England, before being assigned to the 483rd Bombardment Group, based in Foggia, Italy.
In March 1945, Broyill was the tailgunner on a B-17 Flying Fortress known as the "Big Yank." The nose-art on the "Big Yank" included a portrait of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and was painted by Italian artist Mario Rucci. On March 24, 1945, Broyhill and the "Big Yank" flew in a 28-plane formation targeting the Daimler-Benz tank works near Berlin. The mission was the longest escorted bomber mission of World War II in Europe. The American bomber group was confronted by Luftwaffe Messerschmitt Me 262 jet fighters. In the air battle that followed, The 483rd Bombardment Group set several records, including the following:
The 483rd Bombardment Group received a Distinguished Unit Citation, and Broyhill set two individual records that day: (1) most German jets destroyed by a single gunner in one mission (two), and (2) most German jets destroyed by a single gunner during the entire war (two). Broyhill later recalled the record-setting mission as follows:
Career as a real estate developer.
After being discharged from the Air Force, Broyhill returned to Arlington, Virginia and graduated from Washington-Lee High School. He later joined the L.R. Broyhill Co., a real estate company that developed residential communities in Arlington and Fairfax Counties in northern Virginia. Broyhill formed his own company, Broyhill Enterprises, Inc., in 1969. He continued to work as a residential real estate developer until he retired in 1980 and was one of the early developers of the planned community of Reston, Virginia.
Death.
Broyhill died on November 21, 2008 of congestive heart failure at INOVA Fair Oaks Hospital
in Oakton, Virginia. He was 83 years old, and was survived by his wife of 62 years, two children and a grandson.

</doc>
<doc id="20587324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587324" title="Universal Century technology">
Universal Century technology

Universal Century technology are technologies from the Universal Century timeline of the "Gundam" anime metaseries. Although they are only fictional technologies, they form the basics of the Real Robot genre of anime and is influencing real life academic research and different anime series.
History.
The Universal Century technologies debuted in Gundam Century, written by editors, academy and studios hired by "OUT" magazine at that time, later part of the book was endorsed by Sunrise and Bandai, and some of the authors of the articles within "Gundam Century" became official editors and writers of Gundam mechanics. A main part of the book surrounds the discussion on real-life technologies including space habitats and mass driver. Later, following the trend of militaristic and technological interest in the community, "Gundam Sentinel Special Edition" included a section called imidam 0093 (Innovative Mobile Suit Information Dictionary, Annual Series, intentionally using an m at the end to reference Gunda"m"), subtitled ""Basic Knowledge of Gundam Mechanics"". Written by mechanical designer Katoki Hajime, summarized both in- and out-of-universe technologies of the Universal Century, sourcing from "Gundam Century", "Gun Sight", "VF-1 Valkyrie", "MS Graphical Guide 1~3", "MSV Technical & History 1~3". Gundam Officials has collected this information and has presented it along with plot history and character summaries in an encyclopedic form, and "MS Encyclopedia 2003" has a short technical summary of these technologies in its first section before going into the lists of mobile weapons in different series, which earlier editions only have.
Cultural significance.
Although fictional technologies seems to carry no real-life significance, these technologies are referred to in almost all of the series of Universal Century. They became a normal reference of the serial story and attracted publishers to publish books on. These technological settings have also since then impacted a lot of anime and manga to have their own technological background to a certain degree. Although this could be viewed as following the "Star Wars" trend, nothing similar has started before the 1981 publishing of Gundam Century. Bandai (with its branch Sunrise) noticed the tradition and has hired writers to write articles for other Gundam series, too. In the Cosmic Era timeline, one of the authors of Gundam Century articles (while still a high school student at that time), Shigeru Morita, who had become a regular employee of Bandai, was assigned to write these kind of technological articles, possibly a method used by the company to attract Universal Century techno fans to watch the new series. The series' technology is now serving as inspiration of the academic research in different fields, that could include moon settlements and mega-particle cannon.
The latest robot technology in Japan is also influenced by Gundam, due to its fictional technologies being highly adapted from real world science, and the Universal Century technologies including space colonies and mobile suits are also viewed academically as to what they can do in real life.
Space colony.
The space colony technology in Universal Century is referenced from the real world projects proposed by Gerard K. O'Neill.
In the Universal Century (U.C.) timeline, space colonies are placed at the five Earth-Moon Lagrangian points. In most cases, a Lagrangian point is home to more than one group of space colonies. Individual colony pairs are known as Bunches, and a group of colonies that occupy a Lagrangian point are known collectively as a Side. Because Sides sometimes share a single Lagrangian point, it is possible to have two Sides in close orbit to one another. Most colonies in the Universal Century are O'Neill "Island 3" type colony cylinders, yet a few early built Bernal sphere (Island 1) and Stanford torus colonies are still in function, but most are changed to space stations or discarded. Side 3's colonies are identical in size and shape to the Island 3 design, but doubled the habitable area by removing the large window strips of the Island 3.
Mobile suit technology.
These technologies are the basic reasoning for the Universal Century having mobile suits as the main battle units, replacing space fighters. This has influenced later series to include their own reasoning to rationalize the existence of humanoid fighting vehicles.
AMBAC.
One of the most famous rationale being used is the AMBAC system, it is referenced in various other series including Macross. Within the Gundam series, the AMBAC system term is also used in "Mobile Suit Gundam 00". Active Mass Balance Auto-Control (AMBAC) is a fundamental technology that allows for thrusterless manoeuvring in the zero-G environment of space by mobile suits by means of precise movement control of their limbs in the Gundam universe. AMBAC works by leveraging Isaac Newton's Third Law of Motion (when there's an action there is an equal and opposite reaction) with regard to inertia to effect changes in direction. Mobile suits performing AMBAC motions would presumably move similarly to present-day astronauts performing extra-vehicular activity: both typically having roughly similar body structure, their use of that mass to control their rotation would presumably be similar, even if calculated by different means. AMBAC is by its nature limited to re-orienting the unit about its center of mass, and is not a substitute for propulsion. It is often used in conjunction with the propulsion system to quickly turn the unit and shorten aiming speed as well as directing the main thrusters. The system is similar in principle to the momentum wheel system used in present-day satellites, though obviously more complex and allows the centre of mass move outside of the unit.
Tail Binder and Wing Binder.
Binders are technological instruments that provide extra control for the AMBAC systems. The idea is simple: "If four limbs can manoeuvre the unit better than none, why not equip them with 5 or more?" The resulting advancement is the tail binder.
A cousin to the tail binder is the wing binder, equipped on most transformable mobile suits with waverider mode as wings. The system made use of the wings' mobility for the transformation during mobile suit mode as AMBAC limbs and further increasing the number of limbs for the AMBAC system. The tail binder is also seen on later models of military aircraft and space fighters in U.C.0088, on the FF-08 Wyvern.
Minovsky physics.
The Minovsky physics is the fundamental technological advancement in the Universal Century series, as all Beam weaponry, nuclear technology and defensive measures are based upon this fictional physics. According to the "Gundam Century", "MS encyclopedia 2003" and Gundam Officials, the Minovsky Physics all started from the invention of the then seemingly impossible idea of a nuclear fusion reactor that has a higher theoretical efficiency than classical physics, due to the Minovsky particle.
The Minovsky-Ionesco reactor was named after its fictional inventors, Dr. Y.T. Minovsky and Dr. Ionesco. This reactor was "radical" due to the fact that it was the first "clean" nuclear reactor, emitting zero neutron radiation. The nuclear equation was:
This is essentially the same equation as used in classical physics, with the addition of the fictional Minovsky particle as a catalyst, instead of a muon.
The Minovsky particle.
According to the official guide of Mobile Suit Gundam, Gundam Century and Gundam Officials, the Minovsky Physics Society, while working on the reactor, encountered a strange electromagnetic wave effect in U.C.0065 within the Minovsky-Ionesco reactor that could not be explained by conventional physics. Within the next few years, they identified the cause: a new elementary particle generated by the helium-3 reaction on the inner wall of the reactor, which was named the or "M" particle. The Minovsky particle has near-zero rest mass - though, like any particle, its mass increases to reflect its potential or kinetic energy - and can carry either a positive or negative electrical charge. When scattered in open space or in the air, the repulsive forces between charged Minovsky particles cause them to spontaneously align into a regular cubic lattice structure called an I-field. An I-field lattice will slowly expand and scatter into space, however, after dense interference it will take approximately 29 days before the region can support normal electromagnetic communication again.
The main use of the Minovsky particle was in combat and communication. When the Minovsky particle is spread in large numbers in the open air or in open space, the particles disrupt low-frequency electromagnetic radiation, such as microwaves and radio waves. The Minovsky particle also interferes with the operations of electronic circuitry and destroys unprotected circuits due to the particles' high electrical charge which act like a continuous electromagnetic pulse on metal objects. Because of the way Minovsky particles react with other types of radiation, radar systems and long-range wireless communication systems become useless, infra-red signals are defracted and their accuracy decreases, and visible light is fogged. This became known as the "Minovsky Effect".
The disruption of electromagnetic radiation is due to the small lattice of the I-field creating fringes that long wavelengths cannot penetrate, and that diffract wavelengths that have similar distance with the fringes. This diffraction and polarization process disrupts the electromagnetic waves.
The only counter measure to the "M" particle in the series was to install bulky and expensive shielding on all electronic equipment, but only to counteract the effect it had on electronic circuitry. While this could be done for space ships and naval ships, this ruled out the use of precision guided weapons, such as guided missiles. Due to this, the military use of Minovsky particles ushered in a new era of close-range combat. This is the primary reason for the birth of the Zeon close-combat weapon: the mobile suit.
Minovsky ultracompact fusion reactor.
According to the timeline deduced by the Gundam Officials, in UC 0071, Zeon researchers created the Minovsky ultracompact fusion reactor. Instead of the conventional magnetic field, this improved version of the Minovsky-Ionesco reactor used an I-field to confine and compress the reactor fuel, triggering a fusion reaction. The Minovsky particles produced as a byproduct of the helium-3 fusion reaction were recycled to keep that reaction going. The Minovsky particles that form the I-field lattice also helped catalyze the fusion reaction, in a process similar to the muon-catalyzed fusion investigated by real-world scientists during the 1950s. This super-efficient design was only a fifth as large as an equivalently powerful Minovsky-Ionesco reactor, for this reason it was adopted for use on mobile suits as the standard power plant.
Mega-particle cannon.
The fictional weapons of the Universal Century was described to be utilizing the degeneracy of the Minovsky Particle by compressing Minovsky particles in high pressure chambers and firing out the degenerated Minovsky particles (from the fusing of a positively charged and a negatively charged one) which carries high energy and mass from the degeneration of the matter. 
Smaller versions of the mega particle cannon are presented in the series, the most famous being the Beam rifle used by the titular mobile suit RX-78 Gundam which utilize a technology called E-cap, the mobile suit does not need to spend lots of energy in compressing the minovsky particles, instead, most of the compression was done by the mother-ship and the mobile suit only need to provide minimum energy for triggering the final degenaration energy.
It should be noted that E-cap technology appears outside of UC continuity in "".
Beam smart gun.
According to "Gundam Sentinel Special Edition", the beam smart gun is designed to bend the output beam by up to 20 degrees. In the original "Mobile Suit Gundam" series, Char Aznable commented that the way to avoid a beam rifle is to avoid it being pointed at you. As such, a gun that does not need to be pointed directly at the target is more dangerous.
Funnels.
Funnels are essentially funnel-shaped drone units that are designed to be remotely controlled by a Newtype pilot. It is equipped with a small beam cannon, and an energy cell to propel the funnel when it is operating. A Newtype pilot is able to control these funnels with great precision via a psycommu system, allowing him/her to conduct BVR attacks on a target from almost all directions without having to establish visual contact, making a funnel-equipped mobile suit extremely deadly. When the funnels are not in use, they are attached to the mother suit's surface hardpoints for recharging. All Zeon funnel-equipped units have the ability to recharge funnels but the Earth Federation Forces is very slow in adopting the technology.
Later variants include Funnel missiles that are guided missiles using funnel-like remote control designs employed in the story "".
Cultural influence.
The new DACS (Divert & Attitude Control System) created by the Japan Self-Defense Forces in December, 2006 was quoted as an attempt to create funnel system in real life by Gizmodo Japan.
Newtypes and related technologies.
The word Newtype first came into being when Zeon Zum Deikun, the fictional character, founder of the space colony-based Principality of Zeon, created his philosophy: mankind was destined to leave the Earth for space, where they would evolve into a new stage of evolution, called the Newtype.
As Newtypes began to grow in numbers during and following the One Year War, the psycommu (psychic communicator) system was invented, which allowed these Newtypes to control wireless weapons known as bits and funnels, and even mobile suits, through thought alone. The device detects and amplifies the user's brainwaves, and sophisticated computer system enable the user to manipulate weapons by using his/her mind.
The Psycoframe is a later technology that builds the psycommu into the nanomachines within the metal frame of a mobile suit. This allows a Newtype pilot to control the mobile suit as if it were his/her own body.
Other Newtype technologies are the Bio-Sensor system, the Quasi-psycommu system, the Neo-psycommu system, the Bio-computer, the EXAM System and the Angel Halo fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="20587325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587325" title="Rathouisiidae">
Rathouisiidae

Rathouisiidae is a family of carnivorous air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Veronicelloidea, the leatherleaf slugs and their allies.
This family has no subfamilies according to the "Taxonomy of the Gastropoda" by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Genera.
Genera within the family Rathouisiidae include:
Distribution.
The predatory carnivorous slugs in the genus '"Atropos" are found in peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra, Borneo, New Guinea, northeast Australia and, recently, Singapore.
Feeding habits.
Rathouisiidae are carnivorous and feed on gastropods, but also on fungi and plants.
Bornean "Atopos" specialising in "Opisthostoma" are known to tailor their approach to the size of the prey. They hold small snails with the shells aperture-upward with the front of its foot and eat their way down. Larger ones scrape away the shell to allow access through the spire. This behaviour is thought to drive the evolution of shell ornamentation in "Opisthostoma".

</doc>
<doc id="20587331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587331" title="Bill Wakefield">
Bill Wakefield

William Sumner Wakefield (born May 24, 1941) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the New York Mets during the season. Listed at 6' 0", 175 lb., Wakefield batted and threw right-handed. A native of Kansas City, Missouri, he attended the Pembroke Country-Day School and Stanford University.
In one season career, Wakefield posted a 3-5 record with a 3.61 ERA in 62 appearances, including four starts and two saves, giving up 48 earned runs on 103 hits and 61 walks while striking out 61 in 119.2 innings of work.

</doc>
<doc id="20587340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587340" title="Bill Me Later">
Bill Me Later

Bill Me Later is a proprietary payment method offered on the websites of many well-known merchants, including those of Wal-Mart, USPS, B&H Photo Video, Best Buy, Overstock.com, JetBlue Airways, Liquidation Channel, Jewelry Television and Hotels.com. The site, which offers consumers a line of revolving credit through Comenity Capital Bank, allows purchases to be made online without using a credit card. The company was one of the first recipients of the Red Herring Global 100 Award by the publication Red Herring.
On November 7, 2008, eBay subsidiary PayPal completed its acquisition of Bill Me Later. It was formerly owned by I4 Commerce.
How it works.
After customers open their accounts (including credit check), Bill Me Later asks customers at every purchase to fill out the last 4 digits of their SSN and their date of birth. The approved customer can then pay the bill by mail (check), phone or online (via bank account) at www.billmelater.com. Bill Me Later accounts can be linked with PayPal accounts by visiting https://billmelater.com/linkpaypal. Once the Bill Me Later account is linked to PayPal, it becomes a funding option within the PayPal account and gives the option to pay off the Bill Me Later balance. Customers also get an email whenever they are declined. In cases when they are declined and they don't receive declined email/letter, they can contact Bill Me Later Customer Service to check if it was not a system issue. Bill Me Later isn't a credit card but a revolving line of credit offered by Comenity Capital Bank The company will charge late payments just like a credit card company.
Terms.
For purchases of $99 and over that are made through PayPal wallet, customers have 6 months to pay their bill in full. If they don't, then they are charged interest at a 19.99% APR starting from the original purchase date. Purchases not made through the PayPal wallet will only receive promotional financing if the merchant is offering it.
Developers/new merchant integration.
Unlike its parent company PayPal which is available to most e-commerce entities, Bill Me Later is available to most businesses. New merchants can request integration through a website operated by the company.
Other products.
Besides its flagship consumer service, Bill Me Later also offers Bill Me Later Business (As of May 13th 2012 Bill Me Later Business has been discontinued) (seen at USPS) and Preferred Account (seen at Newegg). In Bill Me Later Business, the users are business owners who want to use the equivalent of a corporate card for buying products and services over the web. The business owner would apply for Bill Me Later Business - using data like EIN etc. The Preferred Account is similar to the concept of a charge card - that can be used at a particular merchant only.
Bill Me Later in PayPal wallet.
After the PayPal acquisition of Bill Me Later, Bill Me Later is offered as a payment method through PayPal at sites that both accept PayPal and Bill Me Later. PayPal balances are accepted as payment on Bill Me Later statements.
References.
http://www.consumeraffairs.com/credit_cards/bill_me_later.html?page=2

</doc>
<doc id="20587357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587357" title="Cigarette taxes in the United States">
Cigarette taxes in the United States

In the United States cigarettes are taxed at both the federal and state levels, in addition to any state and local sales taxes and local cigarette-specific taxes. Cigarette taxation has appeared throughout American history and is still a contested issue today.
History.
Although cigarettes were not popular in the United States until the mid-19th century, the federal government still attempted to implement a tax on tobacco products such as snuff early on in its history. In 1794, secretary of the treasury Alexander Hamilton introduced the first ever federal excise tax on tobacco products. Hamilton’s original proposal passed after major modifications, only to be repealed shortly thereafter with an insignificant effect on the federal budget. Even though Hamilton’s tax on tobacco failed, tobacco taxation continued to play an important role in American history.
On July 1, 1862, the United States Congress passed excise taxes on many items including tobacco. This occurred as a result of the Union’s increasing debt during the American Civil War and the Federal government’s need for additional revenue. After the war, many of these excise taxes were repealed but the tax on tobacco remained. In fact, by 1868 the Government’s main source of income came from these lingering tobacco taxes.
Despite the excise tax of the Federal government, states did not ratify a tobacco excise tax until well into the 20th century. In 1921, Iowa became the first state to pass a tobacco excise tax at the state level in addition to the federal tax. Other states quickly followed suit, and by 1950, 40 states and Washington D.C. enacted taxes on cigarette sales.
As of 1969, all U.S. states, the District of Columbia and the territories have cigarette taxes. In addition, several cities such as Chicago and New York City have implemented their own citywide cigarette tax. New York City has a citywide tax of $1.50, making the combined state and local rate $5.85, the highest in the nation. The lowest rate in the nation is in Missouri, at 17 cents, where the state's electorate voted in 2002, 2006, and 2012 to keep it that way.
Under the Obama Administration.
On February 4, 2009, the Children's Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009 was signed into law, which raised the federal tax rate for cigarettes on April 1, 2009 from $0.39 per pack to $1.01 per pack. The purpose of the State Children’s Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) is to provide aid for impoverished children. SCHIP expanded its coverage of liability (in 2009)to include families with up to three times the federal poverty level as well as children from high-income families in New York and New Jersey. SCHIP is proposed to also cover dental benefits and treatment of mental illnesses where it previously did not exist. In addition to providing these services for U.S. citizens, SCHIP is also expanded to cover immigrant children and immigrant pregnant women.
President Barack Obama has received both criticism and support for signing it.
One of the biggest critiques of the passing of this bill comes from economists who believe that an increase in the federal cigarette tax will lead to decreased funding for state programs that rely on their own state cigarette taxes. According to Nobel prize winning economist Gary Becker, who has studied the long-run price elasticity of cigarettes, the tax increase as a result of the Children’s Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act increases the price of cigarettes 13.3% which ultimately means a 10.6% decrease in unit sales. The National Tax Foundation calculates these numbers to determine a predicted $1 billion loss for states. Another argument against this bill claims it to be regressive, holding that the tax increase unfairly targets the poor because according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) more than half of all smokers are low income. The CDC also notes that, "However, because low-income groups are more responsive to price increases, increasing the real price of cigarettes can reduce cigarette consumption among low-income smokers by a greater percentage than among higher-income smokers, and thereby diminish socioeconomic smoking disparities.
In a study conducted on behalf of the New York State Department of Health, it revealed that low-income smokers (those in households making under $30,000), spent an average of 23.6% of their annual household income on cigarettes, compared to 2.2% for smokers in households making over $60,000.
Effects on smoking rates.
One of the reasons for the support of increased cigarette taxes among public health officials is that many studies show that this leads to a decrease in smoking rates. The relationship between smoking rates and cigarette taxes follows the property of elasticity; the greater the amount of the tax increase, the fewer cigarettes that are bought and consumed. This is especially prevalent amongst teenagers. For every ten percent increase in the price of a pack of cigarettes, youth smoking rates overall drop about seven percent. This rate is also true amongst minorities and low income population smokers. The rates of calls to quitting hot-lines are directly related to cigarette tax hikes. When Wisconsin raised its state cigarette tax to $1.00 per pack, the hot-line received a record of 20,000 calls in a two month time period versus its typical 9,000 calls annually.
An analysis of smoking and cigarette tax rates in 1955 through 1964, prior to the Surgeon General’s first report and general antismoking sentiment, shows the same relationship between tax increases and declining smoking rates that are prevalent today, suggesting that popular attitudes towards smoking are not a confounding factor.
In 2012, RTI International conducted an analysis of data from the 2010-2011 New York and national Adult Tobacco Surveys to assess the financial burden cigarette taxes place on low-income families for the New York State Department of Health. According to ABC News, the study found that "higher cigarette taxes may be financially hurting low-income smokers rather than making them more likely to quit." Among the 13,000 surveyed in New York State, lower income smokers spent 23.6 percent of their income on cigarettes, compared to two percent by higher income New York residents and an average of 14 percent among lower-income smokers nationally.
Proportion of taxes in cigarette prices.
While the price of cigarettes has continuously increased since 1965, the percentage of that price going towards taxes is now half of what it was then. While tobacco companies complain about the $1.01 cigarette tax, Phillip Morris, Reynolds American, and Lorillard have all increased their prices by almost $1.00 per pack on their own. Phillip Morris currently lists all taxes, including federal, state, local, and sales taxes, as 56.6% of the total cost of a pack of cigarettes.
State cigarette tax rates.
The following table lists American state and territory tax rates (as of August 1, 2013):
Non-cigarette tobacco taxes.
Taxes on smokeless (chewing) tobacco, as well as (and often concurrent with) snuff, cigars and pipe tobacco, are also common in the United States. Forty-nine states and the District of Columbia have such a non-cigarette tax(es), Pennsylvania being the sole exception, having no smokeless or cigar tax at all (though it considers small cigars to be cigarettes for taxation purposes). Of the 49 states that do impose in this category, Florida does not tax cigars, though all other tobacco products are taxed. The U.S. federal government charges different non-cigarette excise taxes, according to the following 6 categories: snuff, chewing tobacco, pipe tobacco, roll-your-own, large cigars, and small cigars. Cigarette papers and tubes are also taxed.
See also.
US tax system:

</doc>
<doc id="20587358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587358" title="Smeagol (gastropod)">
Smeagol (gastropod)

Smeagol is a genus of small air-breathing sea slugs of the upper intertidal zone, pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Otinoidea.
"Smeagol" is the only genus in the family Smeagolidae. This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Etymology.
The name of the genus is in honour of Tolkien's fictional character Gollum, who was originally known as Sméagol.
Species.
There are five described species and potentially one undescribed species from Tasmania in the genus "Smeagol":
Anatomy.
"Smeagol manneringi" has no tentacles and is a very active blind animal with a size of up to 10 mm.
"Smeagol" species have no shell. They have a weakly developed snout. The radula is unicuspid and the radular dentition is of the rhipidoglossate type. They have a radular membrane of flexoglossate type. They have no jaw. They have salivary glands with salivary ducts.
The Excretory organs are only the left ones, in the pallial cavity. In the circulatory system the haemolymph circulates as follows: mantle → nephridium or nephridia → heart.
These slugs breathe using a pallial lung. They have a contractile pneumostome.
They have a suprapedal gland.
The number of chromosomes is unknown. They have no sex chromosomes.
Ecology.
These slugs inhabit the upper intertidal zone on gravel substrate in New Zealand and Australia.
The development of the veliger is completed in the egg (they do not have a trochophore larval stage).

</doc>
<doc id="20587359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587359" title="Chattaroy, Washington">
Chattaroy, Washington

Chattaroy is an unincorporated community in Spokane County, Washington, United States. The town is located on U.S. Route 2 approximately 10 miles north-northeast of Spokane at the confluence of the Little Spokane River and Dragoon Creek.
History.
Founded in the 1880s, Chattaroy is located two miles east of the defunct Spokane Falls & Northern Railway's Dragoon station. Residents were buried in the Chattaroy cemetery as early as 1888. In 1900 the community consisted of approximately 250 residents, two general stores, Barker's Hotel, a drug store operated by a Dr. Smith, a blacksmith shop, a public school with some 60 students, a Congregational church ministered by Reverend F. McConaughy, a Sunday school, and a Modern Woodmen of America hall.
Famous Citizens.
Stacey James Wheeler -Author
The ZIP Code is 99003 and centered at .

</doc>
<doc id="20587383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587383" title="McPhillips Station Casino">
McPhillips Station Casino

McPhillips Station Casino (formerly the "McPhillips Street Station Casino") is a casino located in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It is one of two casinos in the city (the other being the Club Regent Casino), both are owned and operated by the Manitoba Lotteries Corporation, and in turn, the Government of Manitoba. 
The casino opened in 1993, after an assessment regarding the distribution of gambling revenue was released.

</doc>
<doc id="20587394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587394" title="Emanuel Berg">
Emanuel Berg

Emanuel Berg (born 28 December 1981 in Skövde) is a Swedish chess player with the title Grandmaster.
First moves and playing style.
As a youngster, he made solid progress and was consequently selected to represent his country in the various age categories of the European Youth and World Youth Championships. Surprisingly, he did not manage to secure a medal, but came very close in 1996, at Rimavská Sobota, finishing the European Under-16 contest with a share of 2nd-5th places and missing the silver and bronze medals only on tie-break.
As Berg received his chess education in the shadow of national legend Ulf Andersson, it might be expected that his playing style would mirror that of Sweden's most successful player of the modern era. However, the styles of the players are almost polar opposites, the younger man showing a distinct preference for aggressive, dynamic chess.
Tournament record.
He spent several years making slow, but assured progress. He established his GM title in 2004, following a number of tournament successes, including wins at Budapest 1999, Skellefteå 2001 (shared with Jonny Hector) and Bermuda 2002 (after a play-off).
Since 1998, he has regularly entered the national championship, finishing runner-up on no fewer than five occasions (2001, 2004, 2006, 2007 and 2008) and winning the event in 2009 and 2010. His consistent, strong performances have helped his Elo rating to edge past 2600.
There have been other notable results in international competition; he was joint winner of Stockholm's Rilton Cup in 2004/5 (with Sergei Volkov and Evgeny Gleizerov), won outright at Sóller in 2006 and was fourth behind Ivanchuk, Karpov and Kasimdzhanov at the Keres Memorial the same year. In 2007, he came third at Wijk aan Zee's Corus 'C' event (after Michał Krasenkow and Ian Nepomniachtchi), having featured in a five-way tie for first place at the Politiken Cup (with Krasenkow, Sargissian, de Firmian and Malakhov). At the 'Politiken' event of 2008, he finished just a half point behind the leaders. 
Elsewhere in 2008, he scored 7/10 to finish 10th= at the Gibtelecom Masters in Gibraltar and the same score brought him a creditable share of fifth place at the EU Championship in Liverpool. At the Najdorf Memorial in Warsaw, he placed joint second with Tomi Nyback, after Krishnan Sasikiran.
Team events.
Berg is regularly selected to represent his country at major team events and following a significant upswing in his rating, nowadays plays on board one. He has participated in all of the Olympiads between 2002–2008 and the European Team Chess Championships of 1999, 2003 and 2007. At the Dresden 2008 Olympiad, he had a disastrous result, winning no games at all, for a lowly score of 1½ points from 9 games. In stark contrast, his team-mates did exceedingly well, keeping Sweden in contention round after round, and thereby ensuring that Berg had to endure a barrage of top-class opponents, including two ex-world champions. 
Berg is a close friend of Sweden's latest grandmaster and Olympiad team-mate, Pontus Carlsson. They played league chess together for the successful "Sollentuna SK" club. In 2009 he joined Burgsvik SK, currently playing in the third division in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20587400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587400" title="Bob Lee (Australian footballer)">
Bob Lee (Australian footballer)

Robert William Lee (31 January 1927 – 10 June 2001) was an Australian rules footballer and administrator who played with West Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). He also represented the South Australian cricket team at first-class level in the Sheffield Shield.
Career.
Lee managed 96 senior appearances for West Adelaide but it was his post playing contribution to South Australian football that he is remembered for. From 1966 to 1973 and then from 1979 to 1988 he served as the President of the West Adelaide Football Club. He was the SANFL's Vice President in a long stint which began in 1981 and ended in 1999. Lee was also a League Director for 18 years, the SANFL Vice Patron, on the Management Committee for 12 years, Chairman of the SANFL Umpires Board for three years and served on the South Australian Football Commission. He also represented football in the state on a national level by standing in the National Australian Football Council as South Australia's representative, from 1981 to 1990 and spending three years at Chairman of Selectors. The Adelaide Football Club of the AFL appointed him to their Board in 1990 and he remained with the club until 1997.
In a brief cricket career he played three first-class cricket matches for South Australia in the late 1950s, as a right-hand batsman specialist batsman. Two of those matches were in the Sheffield Shield competition and in all he made 142 runs at 35.50. The only significant innings of Lee's career was in his debut match, against Tasmania at Hobart when he opened the batting and made 86. 
An SANFL life member, Lee was inducted into the South Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20587419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587419" title="Skyzoo">
Skyzoo

Gregory Skyler Taylor (born December 24, 1982), better known by his stage name Skyzoo, is an American rapper from Brooklyn, NY. He rose to prominence in 2006, with a collaborative EP entitled Cloud 9: The 3 Day High, with Grammy award winning producer 9th Wonder. The project reportedly took a total of three days to complete from start to finish. The EP became an underground favorite and garnered Skyzoo media write ups in outlets such as XXL, The Source, Vibe, AllHipHop.com, HipHopDX.com, HipHopGame.com and more.
In 2009, Skyzoo signed to independent staple Duck Down Records, and his debut album The Salvation was released in 2009 with the singles, "The Beautiful Decay", "Popularity", "Easy To Fly", and "My Interpretation" The album debuted at number 14 on the "Billboard" Hip Hop charts, and was critically acclaimed upon its release. To date it's heralded amongst the Hip Hop community as a classic debut album, and has been labeled one of the few great debut Hip Hop releases of the 2000 decade (along with Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor, and 50 Cent's Get Rich or Die Trying). In the fall of 2010, Skyzoo released another collaborative EP, this time teaming up with beat smith Illmind, for what would become Live from the Tape Deck. The project also received critical acclaim for its dense lyricism and producer Illmind's synth heavy and analog-esque production. Skyzoo has also released a plethora of free online mix tapes throughout the course of his career, usually in between studio album releases, and has toured with the likes of Ghostface Killah, Raekwon, Pharoahe Monch, Black Moon, Sean Price, and Smif-n-Wessun, as well as headlined shows and tours throughout the US, Toronto, Hong Kong, and Beijing.
Biography.
Born Gregory Skyler Taylor in 1982 in Crown Heights, he grew up in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn. He was nicknamed Skyzoo by his parents after R&B group Skyy. The nickname also derives from his middle name, Skyler. He began rapping at the age of nine and went on to work with producers Jay Dee and 9th Wonder, releasing several mixtapes in the hope of securing a record deal. He lost to Jin on BET's 106 & Park freestyle contest, but went on to have tracks used as both the theme to ESPN's "Whiplash TV" and the soundtrack to a Guinness advert, and set up his own Custom Made Entertainment company. He has also had a long association with North Carolina rap crew the Justus League, whom he was introduced to via his friend Chaundon, and who he describes as his "second family". Jay Dee's death in 2006 prompted Skyzoo to pay tribute with the song "Sky's Last Donut". He worked with 9th Wonder on his debut album, "Present Cloud 9: The 3 Day High", which reportedly took only three days to record. He also contributed to three tracks on the Hall of Justus album "Soldiers of Fortune".
He released the critically acclaimed "Corner Store Classic" mixtape in 2007, and released a remixed version, including some new material, as a digital download album in 2008. "Corner Store Classic" was rated 'XL' (4/5) by "XXL Magazine". In 2007, he stated that he had a second album ready, called "The Salvation", but was waiting for a major record deal before releasing it. It was released in September 2009 courtesy Duck Down Records.
Skyzoo also gained fame after making an original song entitled "The Chase is On" for .
He cites as influences hip hop artists such as Notorious B.I.G., Jay-Z, Nas, N.W.A., Big Daddy Kane, and Kid 'n Play, as well as artists such as Sade, Nirvana and John Coltrane, and cites Coltrane's "A Love Supreme" as his favorite album. He credits J Dilla as his biggest inspiration and favorite producer. He has been critical of the direction that Hip Hop has taken, stating "People are taking the 'whatever we gotta do' method, resulting in gimmick records. I'm about making money but it has to be with dope records".
Personal life.
Skyzoo is an avid basketball fan and is said to still play recreationally in his spare time. He often guest blogs for the online version of the popular Slam magazine, under a column named "Chain Link Champions". He is known to be a big fan and supporter of the New York Knicks, and cites favorite players such as Carmelo Anthony, Rajon Rondo, and LeBron James, which he subliminally themed a song around entitled "The Winner's Circle" from his Live From The Tape Deck EP, in which he uses Lebron James' infamous "The Decision" special as his own tug of war within the music industry.
He is also an avid fan of Jazz music, naming Miles Davis, John Coltrane, Horace Silver, and Wayne Shorter as his favorites. He has gone on record to say that Coltrane's legendary "A Love Supreme" is his favorite album in any genre of music.
For several years Skyzoo dated Sharlee Jeter, the younger sister of New York Yankees captain and shortstop Derek Jeter. It has been rumored that the two were married and have a child. Although they were once engaged, the two were never married and do not have a child together. Their wedding was called off in the summer of 2010, and the two have since stopped dating.

</doc>
<doc id="20587423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587423" title="Cargoair">
Cargoair

Cargoair Ltd, is a Bulgarian cargo airline headquartered in Sofia, Bulgaria. The company operates charter flights throughout Europe and the Middle East. The airline's main bases are Plovdiv Airport and Sofia Airport.
History.
In November 2007, Cargoair was established as a General Sales Agent representative of the Belarusian cargo airline Ruby Star, offering to its customers logistics services with Antonov An-12 and Ilyushin Il-76 aircraft. The same year Cargoair also purchased a Boeing 737-300F. From July 2009 Cargoair began operations for TNT Airways on its European network. In September 2009 Cargoair purchased a second Boeing 737-300F. Due to increasing demand for long term aircraft lease operations and ad-hoc charters, the company management decided to purchase a third Boeing 737-300F, delivered in September 2011. In February 2013 the company purchased a passenger Boeing 737-400; its conversion to freighter configuration was completed in July 2013. On 15 July 2013 the Boeing 737-400F began commercial service for European Air Transport. In November 2013 Cargoair add second Boeing 737-400F in their fleet.
Fleet.
As of January 2014 the Cargoair fleet consists of the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="20587451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587451" title="Ivan IV (opera)">
Ivan IV (opera)

Ivan IV is an opera in five acts by Georges Bizet, with a libretto by Francois-Hippolyte Leroy and Henri Trianon.
Composition history.
A libretto on the subject of Ivan the Terrible was offered to Charles Gounod in January 1856 by the general administrator of the Paris Opera, François Louis Crosnier. Gounod worked with enthusiasm and press announcements anticipated that rehearsals would begin that November. Although Gounod completed the work in 1857 or 1858, failure to have it performed at the Paris Opera led Gounod to use parts of the score in later works; the Soldiers’ Chorus in "Faust" came from "Ivan the Terrible". Gounod's score was auctioned in 1963 and destroyed shortly after.
Around 1862, with Gounod's encouragement, Bizet began work on the same libretto. In June 1865 the journal "La France Musicale" announced that the piece would appear at the Théâtre Lyrique that winter. Delays in getting the piece accepted prompted Bizet to offer the score to the Paris Opera, but he had no reply. The following summer, at the bidding of Léon Carvalho, director of the Théâtre Lyrique, Bizet started work on "La jolie fille de Perth", and "Ivan IV" was forgotten.
Winton Dean floated a possible alternative chronology by suggesting that the surviving manuscript is an earlier abandoned version of "Ivan", forgotten by the composer, not that which was being copied for performance in the autumn of 1865. This theory would mean that Bizet composed "Ivan the Terrible" in late 1862 and early 1863 for performance at the Baden festival in 1863 (which he had visited with Hector Berlioz, Gounod and Ernest Reyer). Dean also argues for "Ivan" pre-dating "Les pêcheurs de perles" on the basis of the more conspicuous weak passages in the score bearing witness to a less experienced stage composer; also several passages in "Ivan" are developed further in the 1863 work.
A manuscript score was found among the papers of Émile Straus (whom Bizet's widow had married) when he died in 1929, given to the Bibliothèque nationale, and put on public display at the Bizet Centennial Exhibition in 1938. A first concert performance with piano accompaniment may have taken place in 1940, and another in the winter of 1943 at the Théâtre des Capucins. When Choudens asserted their right to publish to score in 1943, Henri Büsser took over its preparation and, instead of following the almost complete manuscript, concocted his own 'performing version'.
Performance History.
Following a private performance of this revised score - in four acts instead of five and with many cuts - at Mühringen Castle near Tübingen, it was performed at the Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux on 12 October 1951, the work then having performances in Cologne in April 1952, and Berne, Switzerland in December 1952. In the 1970s a more faithful edition was prepared for the BBC, with previously cut material restored; this version was broadcast by the BBC in October 1975, with Bryden Thomson conducting a mainly UK-based cast; this studio recording was issued on pirate records. Subsequently, the conductor Howard Williams produced a complete performing edition, using his own version of the incomplete final scene (recycled from Bizet's material), which he performed at the Montpellier Festival - a performance broadcast by French Radio. A new live recording of this version, now adopted by Choudens, was made in March 2002 conducted by Michael Schønwandt and issued by Naïve.
The libretto is typical of the Eugène Scribe school, dealing with the manipulation of often improbable stock dramatic situations, rather than musical characterisation. The strongest musical influences are Meyerbeer, Gounod and Verdi.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
"In the Caucasus" 
Women are collecting water from a spring; a stranger who has lost his way asks for help. Marie, daughter of Temrouk offers to show him the path. A second stranger, Ivan in disguise, enters and leaves with the young stranger. Russian soldiers burst in and order Temrouk to surrender his daughter to them. The king refuses, but when an officer threatens to murder the children, Marie goes with them. Igor arrives as the Circassians lament their fate, and he vows to kill the enemy. Temrouk orders that the avenger must be chosen by lot; it is Igor.
Act 2.
"A banquet in the Kremlin" 
Boyars celebrating the victory of Ivan over the Tartars. Condemned criminals pass by begging for mercy but in vain. Ivan congratulates Yorloff, who had uncovered the conspiracy, and commands the young Bulgarian to sing of his homeland. The tsar responds with a battle song. Ivan had sought the most beautiful girl in the land to be his wife. Yorloff is confident that his own daughter will be chosen, and a group of maidens enter the hall. Ivan commands them to remove their veils, but Marie refuses. Although she is forced to do this, she refuses to become his wife. Ivan’s sister Olga passes through in a religious procession and Marie puts herself under her protection.
Act 3.
"Kremlin courtyard"
People sing praises on the marriage of Ivan and Marie. The cortege approaches and Igor steals on. Temrouk also enters at this moment. Yorloff reveals to Igor that he too has a grievance against Ivan and the three of them prepare to assassinate Ivan that night.
Act 4.
"A room outside the nuptial chamber" 
Marie muses on her fate – she has fallen in love with Ivan. Ivan enters to lead her to the nuptial boat on the Volga. Yorloff tells the tsar that he will watch out for assassins, and when Ivan has left admits Igor. When Marie enters, brother and sister embrace and is horrified when Igor tells her he has come to kill the tsar. Igor is about to stab her when Marie reminds him that their mother had placed her under the protection of her brother. He forgives his sister and embraces her. Ivan and Yorloff enter and the latter denounces Igor. Ivan, heartbroken by Marie’s supposed treachery hesitates to condemn her. An officer enters to announce that the Kremlin is on fire and enemies are attacking the gates. Ivan condemns Igor and Marie then collapses.
Act 5.
"Scene 1 – the walls of the Kremlin" 
Temrouk is agonised by events: his children have been condemned to death. Ivan has regained his senses and enters, and when the bell announcing death of a tsar tolls, they both rush off to the palace. 
"Scene 2 – a hall in the Kremlin" 
Yorloff proclaims himself regent, as the tsar had lost his reason. The courtiers call for the death of Igor and Marie. Ivan bursts in and reveals Yorloff’s plots and condemns him to die. Courtiers sing praises to Ivan and Marie.
Borrowings.
Bizet re-used some music from earlier pieces and also in later works:

</doc>
<doc id="20587463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587463" title="George Makepeace Towle">
George Makepeace Towle

George Makepeace Towle (August 27, 1841, Washington, D.C. – August 9, 1893, Brookline, Massachusetts) was an American lawyer, politician, and author. His is best known for his translations of Jules Verne' s works, in particular his 1873 translation of Around the World in Eighty Days.
Life.
Towle graduated in arts from Yale University in 1861 and in law from the Harvard Law School in 1863, and practised in Boston in 1863–65. He was United States consul at Nantes, France, in 1866–68, and in the latter year was transferred to the consulate at Bradford, England, where he remained until his return to Boston in 1870. One of his many prominent friends was Charles Dickens, to whose periodical, "All the Year Round", he contributed several articles on American affairs.
Towle became president of the Papyrus club in 1880, and was a delegate to the Republican national convention at Chicago in 1888. He was managing editor of the Boston "Commercial Bulletin" in 1870–71, and foreign editor of the "Boston Post" in 1871–76, and became a contributor to many foreign and American periodicals and took an active part in the literary life publishing over 50 books and articles and giving public lectures on topics of the day.
In early 1873 Towle started collaborating with the American publisher James R. Osgood on translations of Verne. He continued to translate the Verne novels until the bankruptcy of the firm in 1876. The translations are of a uniformly high quality.
On September 16, 1866 in Paris, Towle married Nellie Lane of Boston, who survived him. Towle died in Brookline after a long illness culminating in paralysis of the brain, and was buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery. He had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="20587481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587481" title="Mark Lawrence (rugby union)">
Mark Lawrence (rugby union)

Mark Lawrence (born 16 June 1965) is an international rugby union referee, from the Republic of South Africa. He refereed his first international test match, in 2000, and was chosen to officiate at both the 2003 Rugby World Cup and 2007 Rugby World Cup acting as a touch judge and a TMO in both competitions. He refereed the 2007 Currie Cup Final between the Free State Cheetahs and the Golden Lions. He also refereed the 2008 Super 14 Final between the Crusaders and the Waratahs.
In September 2011, he announced his retirement from test rugby to concentrate on coaching emerging referees.

</doc>
<doc id="20587485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587485" title="Acroreiidae">
Acroreiidae

† Acroreiidae is an extinct family of air-breathing snails, pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Siphonariidae. The living siphonariids are all marine pulmonates, false sea limpets that breathe air.
Taxonomy.
The Acroreiidae family is classified in the informal group, Basommatophora (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Acroreiidae has no subfamilies.
Genera.
The type genus is "Acroreia" Cossmann, 1885

</doc>
<doc id="20587511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587511" title="Swelyn St. Bernard">
Swelyn St. Bernard

Selwyn St. Bernard (born 30 July 1977) is a Trinidad and Tobago rugby union and rugby league footballer. As a rugby union player, his position is as a flanker.
He first played at Caribs, in Trinidad, moving then to England, where he represented Gateshead Thunder, in rugby league, and Basingstoke R.F.C., in rugby union, from 1999/00 to 2004/05. He then moved to Blaydon RFC, where he still plays.
St. Bernard is an international player for Trinidad and Tobago in rugby union, having played in the Rugby World Cup qualifyings, more recently in 2008, for the 2011 Rugby World Cup finals. He also played for his country at IRB Sevens. He's currently one of the three semi-professional players for the "Calypso Warriors", all of them playing in England.
He's also an international player for the multinational West Indies national rugby league team.

</doc>
<doc id="20587526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587526" title="CE Jenlai">
CE Jenlai

CE Jenlai (or Q Esports CE Jenlai) is an Andorran football team, playing in the village of Escaldes-Engordany. The club currently plays in Segona Divisió.
History.
CE Jenlai were founded in 2008 under the name of Atlètic Amèrica. During the 2008/09 season the club was renamed CE Jenlai. The Andorran team was playing in Segona Divisió until 2011, for three consecutive seasons. In 2013 the club confirmed that they will play the 2013/14 season in the 2nd Division of Andorra.
The team is mostly composed of Peruvian players.
Current squad.
"As of October, 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="20587547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587547" title="Thaumatichthys">
Thaumatichthys

Thaumatichthys is a genus of deep-sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae, with three known species. Its scientific name means "wonder-fish" in Greek; oceanographer Anton Bruun described these fishes as "altogether one of the oddest creatures in the teeming variety of the fish world." In contrast to other anglerfishes, the bioluminescent lure (called the "esca") of "Thaumatichthys" is located inside its cavernous mouth. They are worldwide in distribution and are ambush predators living near the ocean floor.
Taxonomy.
The first specimen of "Thaumatichthys" was collected by an American expedition in Indonesia in 1908 and given the species name "pagidostomus" ("trap-mouthed"). A subsequent specimen from the north Atlantic was placed by Regan and Trewavas (1932) into a new genus, "Amacrodon", based on differences in dentition. Bruun assigned a specimen collected by the Galathea Expedition of 1950–52 to a third genus, "Galatheathauma" ("Galathea's wonder"), as it was much larger than the previous specimens. However, a later examination of the then-32 known specimens showed that these differences were attributable to age, and thus there was only one valid genus, "Thaumatichthys", with three species.
The closest relative of "Thaumatichthys" is "Lasiognathus", which also possesses enlarged, hinged premaxillaries, denticles on the esca, and a branched upper operculum. There are also significant differences between the two genera though, and "Lasiognathus" shares many more traits with the Oneirodidae (in which it was formerly placed) than does "Thaumatichthys".
Species.
There are currently three recognized species in this genus: 
Distribution and habitat.
"Thaumatichthys" is known from tropical oceanic waters worldwide. "T. pagidostoma", the first species to be discovered, is only known from a single specimen caught at a depth of 1,440 m in the Gulf of Tomini off Sulawesi. "T. axeli" occurs in the eastern Pacific Ocean, while "T. binghami" is found in and around the Caribbean Sea. Larvae that could not be referred to species have also been found off the Gulf of Guinea in the southern Atlantic Ocean and in the southern Mozambique Channel in the eastern Indian Ocean.
Uniquely amongst deep-sea anglerfish, adult "Thaumatichthys" are benthic in nature; "T. binghami" and "T. pagidostomus" are found on the continental shelf between 1,000–2,000 m, while "T. axeli" is found in the abyssal zone at about 3,600 m.
Description.
As with most other deep-sea anglerfishes, "Thaumatichthys" shows extreme sexual dimorphism with the females much larger and different in morphology from the males. Female "Thaumatichthys" are characterized by a long, broad, flattened head with enlarged premaxillaries on the upper jaw that overhang the relatively short lower jaw. The premaxillaries are hinged with the skull in such a way that they can be moved down to enclose the lower jaw in a manner similar that of a Venus flytrap. The outer margin of the premaxillaries bear six rows of long, conical, recurved teeth; the teeth in the lower jaw are much shorter. The number and length of the teeth increases as the fish grows.
The distinctive lure of "Thaumatichthys" is achieved by an "upside-down" orientation of the illicium (the "fishing rod"): its base is embedded in the skin fold connecting the anterior ends of the premaxillaries, and the short illicium projects down and back so that the esca at the tip hangs down from the roof of the mouth. The escal bulb terminates in a pair of forked tendrils and bears varying numbers of lateral lobes and a single curved denticle. The size of the transparent window in the bulb can be adjusted to change the amount of light emanating from the lure.
The eyes are tiny and placed close to the corners of the mouth. There are numerous black papillae with white tips, resembling those of the lateral line (and likely belonging to the same sensory system), inside the mouth. The body is fairly slender and depressed for a deep-sea anglerfish, with a relatively well developed dorsal fin. The fin rays number 4 in the anal fin, 7 in the caudal fin, 6–7 in the dorsal fin, and 14–16 in the pectoral fins. The upper part of the operculum is divided into 5–13 radiating branches. The skin is velvet black or dark brown, with numerous small spines on the lower part of the head and body. The one specimen of "T. pagidostomus" measured 6 cm long, the largest known specimen of "T. binghami" measured 29 cm long, and the largest specimen of "T. axeli" measured 36.5 cm long.
The males are small and slender, with greatly enlarged olfactory organs, long hooked denticles at the tips of the jaws, and no esca. The skin is a uniform dark brown with small spines throughout. As the male matures, the body and head become less deep and the jaws become more prolongated. The largest known male specimen measured 45 mm long.
Biology and ecology.
The unusual jaw mechanism and esca of "Thaumatichthys" has been described as a "living mouse-trap with bait". The premaxillaries on either side of the upper jaw are able to rotate nearly 180° down to trap prey attracted by the luminescent lure; this closing action is effected by large, extremely well developed upper jaw muscles. Muscles in the illicium allow the esca to be swung forward and backward, so as to better entice prey inside the mouth. The upper jaw mechanism enables prey to be captured without the lower jaw, which can remain moving for the purposes of respiration. Despite this highly specialized predatory apparatus however, examination of stomach contents revealed sea cucumbers as well as plant matter, suggesting that these fishes are omnivores that will swallow anything edible.
It is unknown whether male "Thaumatichthys" are parasitic. The structure of the jaws in mature males suggests that feeding is impaired after metamorphosis. The larvae are epipelagic like those of other deep-sea anglerfishes, and are found at depths of no more than 100 m. As the larvae grow and approach metamorphosis, they descend deeper until they reach the bottom. The larvae can be identified by their divided operculum and a subdermal pigment layer that covers the entire head and body.
The species differ as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20587554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587554" title="Blom (surname)">
Blom (surname)

Blom is a surname of Scandinavian, German and Dutch origin. Blom is a Swedish, Danish, Norwegian and Afrikaans term for bloom or flower. In German and among Ashkenazic Jews it is a variant of "Blum" meaning flower or bouquet. In Dutch it is a variant of "Bloem" meaning meal, flour, flower, or bloom. 

</doc>
<doc id="20587581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587581" title="Live-line working">
Live-line working

In electrical engineering, live-line working is the maintenance of electrical equipment, often operating at high voltage, while the equipment is energised. The first techniques for live-line working were developed in the early years of the 20th century, and both equipment and work methods were later refined to deal with increasingly higher voltages. In the 1960s, methods were developed in the laboratory to enable field workers to come into direct contact with high voltage lines. Such methods can be applied to enable safe work at the highest transmission voltages.
Background.
Electrical hazards.
Electricity is hazardous: an electric shock from a current as low as 35 milliamps is sufficient to cause fibrillation of the heart in vulnerable individuals. Even a healthy individual is at risk of falling from a high structure due to loss of muscle control. Higher currents can cause respiratory failure and result in extensive and life-threatening burns. The first recorded human fatality occurred in 1879 when a stage carpenter in Lyon, France touched a 250 volt wire. The lack of any visible sign that a conductor is energised, even at high voltages, makes electricity a particular hazard. 
At high voltages, it is unnecessary to come into direct contact with charged equipment to be shocked. An electric field surrounds all charged devices. Bringing a conducting object such as a human body into that field can intensify the field enough for electrical breakdown of the air and an arc to jump from the equipment to earth via that person. In the U.S., the Occupational Safety and Health Administration establishes clearance guidelines. Solid materials such as rubber, while excellent insulators at low voltages, are also subject to electrical failure if subjected to a high enough field.
Avoiding loss of supply.
Electricity utilities wish to avoid loss of supply, for which they receive customer complaints or are financially penalised. At the same time they are obligated to maintain and replace their electrical equipment on a regular basis. Due to the hazard of high voltage, it is normally necessary for equipment to be isolated from the supply before being worked upon, termed a "planned outage".
In a radially-supplied system, a plant outage results in a loss of supply, unless equipment is connected in parallel, back up supplies are available or the grid is reswitched to transfer the electrical load elsewhere. An interconnected grid results in no loss of power, but security of supply is compromised, and out-of-merit generation may need to be ordered to maintain system security, which can be expensive.
Methods.
In general, there are three methods of live-line working which help workers avoid the considerable hazards of live line working. In various ways, they all serve to prevent current flowing from the live equipment through the worker.
Hot sticks are used in live line work by having the worker remain at a specified distance from the live parts and carry out the work by means of an insulating stick. Tools can be attached to the stick, allowing work to be performed with the worker himself safely away from the live conductors.
A live line worker is electrically protected by insulating gloves and other insulating equipment, and carries out the work in direct mechanical contact with live parts.
The barehanded approach has a live line worker performing the work in direct electric contact with live parts. Before contact, the worker's body is raised to the same electric potential as the live parts, and then held there by electric connection, while maintaining suitable isolation from the surroundings which are at different potentials, like the ground, other people or trees. Because the worker and the work are at the same potential, no current flows through the worker.
Some organizations additionally consider working on unearthed de-energised equipment to be another form of live-line working. This is because the line might become inadvertently charged (e.g. through a back-charged transformer), or inductively coupled from an adjacent in-service line. To prevent this, the line is first grounded via a clamp known as a bond or drain earth. Once this is in place, further work is not considered to be live-line working.
Hot stick.
Hot-stick working appeared in the second decade of the 20th century, when insulating poles made from baked wood were used for tasks such as replacing fuses, replacing post insulators, and transferring lines onto temporary supports. The sticks enabled the linemen to carry out the work without infringing minimum clearance distances from live equipment. As experience with the techniques developed, then the operating voltages at which the work was performed increased. With the advent of fibreglass poles in the late 1950s, which neither split nor soaked up rainwater, utilities were prepared to carry out hot-stick working to their highest operating voltages, perhaps 765 kV.
Tools, such as hooks or socket wrenches can be mounted at the end of the pole. More sophisticated poles can accept pneumatically or hydraulically driven power tools which allow, for example, bolts to be unscrewed remotely. A rotary wire brush allows a terminal to be scoured clean before a connection is made. However, a worker's dexterity is naturally reduced when operating tools at the end of a pole that is several metres long.
Insulating glove or rubber glove working.
Usually applied for work above 1kV ac 1.5kV dc
The primary classes are:
Class 1 - phase to phase working voltage 7.5kV
Class 2 - phase to phase working voltage 17kV
Class 3 - phase to phase working voltage 26.5kV
Class 4 - phase to phase working voltage 36kV
Gloves protect the worker from exposure to the live part being worked upon sometimes referred to as the 1st point of contact; the point where current would enter the body should an inadvertent contact be made.
Covers of insulating material such as blankets and linehose are employed in rubber glove working to protect the worker from exposure to a part at a different potential sometimes referred to as the 2nd point of contact; the point where current would leave the body should an inadvertent contact be made.
Bare hand.
Bare-hand, or potential working involves placing the worker in direct electrical contact with an energized overhead line. The worker might work alongside the lines, from a platform that is suspended from them, or may sit or stand directly on the line itself. In all cases, the worker's body is maintained at the same voltage as the line. It is imperative that the worker maintain appropriate and adequate limits of approach to any part at a different potential. 
The first procedures for barehand working were developed in 1960 by Harold L. Rorden, a high-voltage engineer for American Electric Power. Techniques were further refined following field and laboratory tests.
There are a number of ways in which the worker can access the live parts:
As the lineman approaches the wire, an arc will form between them as the worker is charged. Although this arc carries no more than a few microamps, it is debilitating, and the worker must immediately bond himself electrically to the line to prevent further arcing. A worker may use a conducting wand during the approach to first make the connection. Once on the line, the worker is safe from shock as both the lineman and the wire are at the same electric potential and no current passes through his body. This is the same principle that allows birds to safely alight on power lines.
When the work is completed, the process is reversed to remove the worker safely from the wire. Barehand working provides the lineman with greater dexterity than the hot stick method, and may be the preferred option if conditions permit it. With this technique, insulator strings, conductor spacers and vibration dampers can be replaced, or lines spliced, without any loss of supply.
The strong electric field surrounding charged equipment is enough to drive a current of approximately 15 μA for each kV·m−1 through a human body. To prevent this, hot-hand workers are usually required to wear a Faraday suit. This is a set of overalls made from or woven throughout with conducting fibers. The suit is in effect a wearable Faraday cage, which equalizes the potential over the body, and ensures there is no through-tissue current. Conducting gloves, even conducting socks, are also necessary, leaving only the face uncovered.
There is little practical upper voltage limit for hot-hand working, and it has been successfully performed at some of the highest transmission operating voltages in the world, such as the Russian 1150 kV system.
Helicopter.
A lineman wearing a Faraday suit can work on live, high-power lines by being transported to the lines in a helicopter. Wearing the suit, they can crawl down the wires.
General precautions.
Calculation of minimum approach distances take account of switching surges and other transients. Transmission systems are often fitted with coordinated protection devices called autoreclosers, which are circuit breakers that automatically attempt to remake a circuit after a fault. In the event that a fault did occur it would be most undesirable for the autorecloser to re-energise the circuit because the limits of approach would be greatly reduced and the workers position could be compromised. Hence for transmission work auto-reclosing equipment is rendered inoperative whilst live working takes place. Additional protection against unplanned overvoltage events (such as switching surges) can be provided by means of a surge diverter known as portable protective air gap.
An electric arc is extremely bright, including in the ultraviolet, and can cause arc eye, a painful and potentially blinding condition. Workers may be provided with appropriately tinted goggles that protect their vision in the event of a flash, and provide defence against debris ejected by an arc.
Government regulations may regulate conditions for live working conditions. For example, in United States, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may require that more than one worker be present on site when working on live equipment above a specified voltage. The work may be postponed if adverse weather conditions such as lightning or rainfall are anticipated.

</doc>
<doc id="20587593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587593" title="Kolomental Video">
Kolomental Video

Kolomental Video is Faze's first video compilation to be released in VCD Format and it features singles from his multi-platinum Independent album. The videos in this Video Compact Disc (VCD) have earned Faze a number of Video Awards and nominations such as the Channel O' and Soundcity Awards.
Reception and charts.
The videos have gotten tremendous rotations on MTVBase, Channel O', Nigezee, AIT, Silverbird to mention but a few. It has charted on all Video charts in Nigeria and very popular African Video Charts.
Critics have virtually been very positive with Faze and P-Square collectively gaining the slogan of pushing out the best videos whether on low or high budget videos. This very clear as Faze has shot the most expensive video Nigerian Video worth over N10 Million for his third official single and international hit track I'm in love.
With about 2 million copies already distributed or sold, it is surely one of the most sold Video collections of all times as well of the years 2007/2008.
Other videos.
This list contains videos made during Faze's contract days in Westside Music Inc, Lagos.

</doc>
<doc id="20587627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587627" title="Thaumatichthys axeli">
Thaumatichthys axeli

Thaumatichthys axeli is a bottom-dwelling deep-sea anglerfish of the family Thaumatichthys. Thaumatichthys axeli lives at a depth of around 3,600 meters (in the abyssal zone), deeper than any other member of the family Thaumatichthys. As with other members of the family, they possess a distinctive forked light organ inside their mouth, which they use to lure prey. Large, curved teeth "fringe the upper jaw like a comb". Specimens have been founding measuring up to about 50 cm.
History.
Thaumatichthys axeli was first discovered during the Galathea expedition of 1950-1952. Anton Bruun described it as "unquestionably the strangest catch of the Galathea Expedition, and altogether one of the oddest creatures in the teeming variety of the fish world."
On discovery, it was thought to represent a new genus, and was given the name "Galatheathauma axeli" (the genus being named after their ship, and the species name a tribute to Prince Axel of Denmark). The discoverers were aware of a previously discovered anglerfish with the esca (light organ) in its mouth, Thaumatichthys pagidostomus, but because the only specimen of pagidostomus had been measured at 8 cm, it was considered unlikely to be of the same genus. Later, it was realized that the size difference was attributable to age, and Galatheathauma was merged with Thaumatichthys.

</doc>
<doc id="20587643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587643" title="Thaumatichthys binghami">
Thaumatichthys binghami

Thaumatichthys binghami is a species of wolftrap angler known from the western central Atlantic Ocean where it occurs at a depth of . This species is similar to "T. axeli", except that its esca bears 2–3 pairs of lateral lobes that are elongated into tapering filaments in the largest individuals, and the uppermost medial appendage on the esca is finger-like and tapering.

</doc>
<doc id="20587646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587646" title="Thaumatichthys pagidostomus">
Thaumatichthys pagidostomus

Thaumatichthys pagidostomus is a species of wonderfish found in the Indian and Atlantic Oceans at a depth of around . This species grows to a length of TL. This species has relatively longer premaxillaries than the other species (measuring 33% of standard length), and the anterior premaxillary teeth are long.

</doc>
<doc id="20587670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587670" title="Dubai Babu">
Dubai Babu

Dubai Babu is a 2009 Kannada-language film directed by Naganna, and produced by Shailendra Babu under "Shri Shailendra Productions". The film is a remake of Telugu film Dubai Seenu (Starring: Raviteja, Nayanatara)It stars Upendra, Nikitha and Saloni Aswani in the lead roles.
Story.
"Dubai Babu" revolves around Babu (Upendra) whose only aim is to fly to Dubai and earn lots of money. He takes the help of a broker to fulfill this ambition and promptly gets duped by him. Stranded in Mumbai, he and his friends open a Pav Stall to keep things going. While in Mumbai, he runs into Vasundhara (Nikitha) and instantly falls for her. After a few meetings, Vasundhara disappears from Mumbai. Babu then heads to Bangalore in search of Vasundhara, who has now become a radio jockey. Trouble crops up in the form of her uncle Inspector Kalaiah, who has evil designs to marry her and constantly terrorises Vasundhara and her father. How Babu hoodwinks Kalaiah to get close to Vasundhara forms the rest of the story.
Cast.
The film also stars top comedy artistes like Dwarakish, M S Umesh, Sathyajith, Tennis Krishna and Sihi Kahi Chandru, as well as young comedians like Zee TV Raghu and Kurigalu saar Prakaash.

</doc>
<doc id="20587671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587671" title="Perotrochus">
Perotrochus

Perotrochus is a genus of large sea snails with gills and an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurotomariidae, the slit snails, (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Description.
The shell has a conical shape. The base is not umbilicated. The whorls are striate or granulate. The anal fasciole is submedian or below the middle. The slit is short. 
Species.
According to the World Register of Marine Species (WoRMS), the following species with valid names are included within the genus "Perotrochus":

</doc>
<doc id="20587709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587709" title="Gyejoksan (Gangwon)">
Gyejoksan (Gangwon)

Gyejoksan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20587730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587730" title="Horsey Horseless">
Horsey Horseless

The Horsey Horseless was created by Uriah Smith in Battle Creek, Michigan. It contained a wooden horse head attached to the front of the car to make it resemble a horse and carriage. It was known to be created in 1899 but no one knows if was actually made. The horse head was actually hollow to hold fuel. It is on Time magazine's worst car list.
References.
The Horsey Horseless is known to be created in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="20587770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587770" title="Hambaeksan">
Hambaeksan

Hambaeksan is a mountain between the county of Jeongseon and the city of Taebaek, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20587787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587787" title="Hafeni Ndemula">
Hafeni Ndemula

Hafeni Ludwigh Ndemula (born 10 October 1962 in Walvis Bay) is a Namibian politician and trade unionist. A member of the South West Africa People's Organization, Ndemula rose to prominece in the National Union of Namibian Workers (NUNW) prior to independence. He was appointed to the National Council in 2001 prior to election and re-elected in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20587824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587824" title="Edmund Teske">
Edmund Teske

Edmund Rudolph Teske (March 7, 1911 – November 22, 1996) was a 20th-century American photographer who combined a career of taking portraits of artists, musicians and entertainers with a prolific output of experimental photography that included combined prints, montages and solarizations. Although he exhibited extensively and was well-known within artistic photography circles during his lifetime, his work was not widely known by the public. He has been called "one of the forgotten greats of American photography."
Biography.
Teske was born in Chicago, the eldest of three children born to Rudolph and Olga Teske. His parents were from Poland. When he was 8 years old his family moved to Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin, where they took up farming. During this period Teske developed his first artistic interests by experimenting with painting and poetry.
In 1921 his family moved back to Chicago, and Teske began to study music, primarily the piano and saxophone. Two years later his grammar school teacher, Mabel Morehouse, introduced him to photography and let him develop his own photos in the school darkroom. For the next decade he spent most of his free time practicing both the piano and photography, and by 1932 he was accomplished enough in the piano that he became the protégé on concert pianist Ida Lustgarten. At the same time his photographic skills had advanced to the point that he was given his first one-man exhibition at the Blackstone Theatre in Chicago.
The following year he began to pursue photography as a career and worked full-time at a Chicago studio called Photography Inc. In 1936 he traveled to New York to meet with Alfred Stieglitz, who encouraged and inspired him. That same year he met Frank Lloyd Wright at his Taliesin studio in Wisconsin. At Wright's invitation Teske created a photographic workshop within Taliesin to artistically document Wright’s many architectural projects and to explore new relationships between architecture and photography. During Teske's many visits to Taliesin, Wright and other artists and musicians who stayed there helped Teske form his ideas about the role artists in society and the importance of imparting social messages in his work.
The professional relationship with Wright greatly enhanced Teske's reputation, and over the next five years Teske met and sometimes worked with some of the greatest photographers of the time, including Ansel Adams, Paul Strand, László Moholy-Nagy and Berenice Abbott. He taught briefly with Moholy-Nagy at the New Bauhaus in Chicago, and in 1939 he worked as an assistant in Abbott's studio in New York. During this same period he started work on a sequence of photographs he called "Portrait of My City", in which he documented scenes of Chicago with a particular focus on the social issues of the time. He also was introduced to the photographs of Man Ray, which inspired him to create his own new images that contained positive and negative elements.
When World War II broke out, Teske was drafted for military duty, but he failed his medical exam for “asocial tendencies, psychoneurosis and emotional instability.” These were thought to have been medical code words to indicate his now growing sexual interests in other men. As an alternative to military service Teske was appointed by the War Department to work as an assistant photographer for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers at the Rock Island Arsenal in Illinois, where he printed aerial maps for military use. During this time he photographed two of his male co-workers nude while expressing his inner challenges in his journal:
Strive to accept the facts of life with courage and serenity to develop talent, as an outlet for emotion, and to find happiness in the world of the mind and spirit. In the days when Greece and Rome ruled the world in arts and letters and philosophy, love of man for man reached openly its pinnacle of beauty. Civilization today, moving forward, must eventually recognize these true facts of love and sex variations. 
In early 1943 Teske was able to leave his position at Rock Island, and, compelled by the thought of a new way of life and the then rising romantic allure of Hollywood, he decided to move to Los Angeles. He stopped briefly at Wright's Taliesin West in Arizona to photograph the architect's vision there, finally arriving in Los Angeles in April. He started working in the photographic still department at Paramount Pictures, and he quickly inserted himself into the growing artistic and bohemian movement in the city. By coincidence he met Aline Barnsdall, a wealthy client of Wright, and she invited him to live in part of a large and then unfinished project called Olive Hill that Wright had begun for Barnsdall but had never finished due to differences of opinion about the design and the cost. She intended him to be caretaker for the property, but with her indulgence he soon assumed a much larger role. Teske started hosting informal parties and artistic gatherings in the rambling spaces of his new home. He grew a beard and “took on the trappings of a bohemian lifestyle.”. Because of the expansive surroundings of Olive Hill and Teske’s newly uninhibited lifestyle, his parties became a magnet for the creative minds of Hollywood and Los Angeles, including Man Ray, Anaïs Nin, George Cukor, Frances Dee, Joel McCrea, Tony Smith and John Whitney.
During this time Teske met Christopher Isherwood, who introduced him to the study to the Hindu philosophy of Vedanta. Teske soon embraced the philosophy, in part because of its teachings provided a grounding for how he already viewed life and in part because Isherwood and his friends were already part of the growing gay community in the city. Teske was fascinated with the Vedanta ideas that all aspects of life and nature are connected and that time exists only as it relates to other moments in a large universe.
He began to experiment with the concept that a regular photographic image could not define a moment in life, and that only multiple images portrayed together could convey what he called “universal essences.” Throughout the rest of his life he continued to produce composite prints made by sandwiching two or more negatives together. Many of these images are now his signature photographs. Also during this time he experimented with a variety of other photographic techniques, including solarization and collages.
In 1949 Teske left Olive Hill and moved to a small studio in Laurel Canyon, Los Angeles. He launched into a series of creative photographic experiments in which he both manipulated and combined multiple images to create “new pictorial realities”. In one of these series, which he called “Shiva-Shakti” he printed the same image of a nude male relaxing on his back with his penis fully exposed and, in separate photographs, overlaid this image with other images that included landscapes, interiors of room, human faces, or completely abstract subjects. Although Teske had photographed nude men throughout his life, this series, with the repeated image of the reclining man, reintroduced “the sensuality of male imagery in his work” in the context of his exploration of Vadantic philosophy.
As Teske continued to contemplate the complex teachings of Vedanta, his delved further into using his photography to translate his feelings into imagery. Throughout the 1950s he experimented with new chemical and manipulative techniques, culminating in 1958 when he perfected a combination of photographic print toning and solarization. Edward Steichen coined the term “duotone solarization” to describe this new technique.
In 1959 the Museum of Modern Art purchase nine of his prints, further escalating his fame within the photographic world. The 1960s and '70s were the busiest time in his career. During this period he was given at least eighteen one-man exhibitions and took part in more than two dozen other group exhibitions. He met and sometimes taught with many of the important photographers of the time, including Aaron Siskind, Harry Callahan, Wynn Bullock, Jack Welpott, and Judy Dater. During this period he also befriended Jim Morrison, lead singer of The Doors, and took a series on informal portraits of Morrison and his girlfriend Pamela Courson.
During the last twenty years of his life Teske both worked and lived in his studio in East Hollywood, where he regularly taught workshops and mentored both younger and older photographers who sought his knowledge about art and philosophy. When he was asked by a reporter if he had any advice to give to new photographers, Teske replied, “Yes. Meditate!”
Around 1990 Teske embarked on assembling a comprehensive autobiographical collection of his work. Within a short time he had created a six-volume maquette he called ‘’Emanations,” which he hoped would not only show his work as he wanted it to be seen but also to tell the story of his life. He was never able to find a publisher for the work.
The 1994 Northridge earthquake severely damaged Teske’s studio, and he was forced to move out. He was living by himself in downtown Los Angeles when he died in his bed on November 22, 1996.
In his obituary in the "Los Angeles Times", photographic historian Weston Naef wrote that Teske will "enter the history books as the grand master of a style of picture that is taken for granted now that computers have created ways to cut and paste images seamlessly."
Teske was given a posthumous retrospective at the J. Paul Getty Museum in 2004.
References.
http://www.getty.edu/art/exhibitions/teske/ "Spirit into Matter: The Photographs of Edmund Teske". J. Paul Getty Museum

</doc>
<doc id="20587841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587841" title="Heungjeongsan">
Heungjeongsan

Heungjeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20587886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587886" title="Martin Soap">
Martin Soap

Lieutenant Martin Soap is a fictional character, a police officer in the Marvel Comics Universe. He served as a supporting character and comic relief for the Punisher throughout the character's 2000 miniseries and 2001 ongoing series. Soap first appeared in "The Punisher" (vol. 3) #2 (May 2001) and was created by Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon.
Fictional character biography.
Martin Soap suffers misfortune right from the beginning. Moments after his birth, the nurse drops him on his head. He is abandoned as a child by his unwed teenage mother and raised in an orphanage. A meeting with an alcoholic police officer generates the desire to be a cop when he grows up. He joins the New York Police Department and despite being promoted to detective becomes known as a screw-up, describing himself as "the department's biggest loser." When the police department became pressured by Ma Gnucci to crack down on the Punisher, Soap is placed on the "Punisher Task Force", so the department could look like it was after the Punisher without really putting him in danger, as the Punisher is quite popular among most police officers. His first partner, Bud Plugg, is a forensic psychologist with no real police training. After Soap gives some well intentioned criticism of a psychological review about the Punisher, Plugg becomes despondent. He hangs himself in Soap's office.
Soap soon partners up with Lieutenant Molly von Richthofen, who was assigned to a similar task force after Ma Gnucci. The two work well together. Soap develops romantic feelings for Richthofen but is gently rebuffed when she told him that she was a lesbian. After the Punisher's assault on Ma Gnucci's compound, Soap and Richthofen are surprised by the Punisher, but let him get away in exchange for compromising pictures of the Mayor and the NYPD Commissioner. Using the pictures for blackmail, Soap becomes the new Police Commissioner. Molly retires to another country.
At the beginning of "The Punisher" (vol. 5), Soap is demoted to detective after being blackmailed with pictures of him with a prostitute. He is again assigned to the "Punisher Task Force". Distraught over the dead end his life has become, Soap attempts to commit suicide, but is approached by the Punisher. Soap agrees to become a mole for him, supplying the Punisher with information on his targets from the police database. After Soap kills serial killer John "Bubba" Prong in self-defense, Soap is promoted to Lieutenant.
Soap is later taken hostage by hired goons working for ruthless tabloid reporter Chuck Self, who forces the Punisher to take Self along with him while the Punisher spends a night killing gangsters and petty criminals. If Castle fails to comply with Self's orders, Self will text-message his men to kill Soap. During the course of being chased by gang members and mafiosos, Self is injured several times while the Punisher himself remained unscathed. Self is later killed by accidentally falling into a wood chipper, and Castle returns to save Soap by killing Self's thugs. The Punisher leaves Self's mangled corpse on the hood of his own car, then Castle and Soap walk away.
Soap is seen as a bar regular, falsely believing the bar owner, Kevin, to be one of his true friends. Soap meets up with a succession of inappropriate romantic targets, including, but not limited to, a transvestite and a woman implied to be his own long-lost mother. Kevin is aware of the twisted nature of Soap's romantic conquests yet chooses not to inform him for his own amusement. When Soap nearly kills himself with a gun in the men's bathroom, Kevin intervenes and Soap believes that it's out of concern for his well being. But when Kevin makes a snarky comment because he didn't want a mess and preferred Soap to kill himself at his home, Soap snaps at Kevin, threatens him with his gun and terrifies him before storming off, having found self-confidence in himself. Soap tries to arrest the Punisher, but fails to stop him. Soap then becomes despondent; Castle then tells Soap when things aren't getting better, to "just go".
Soap leaves the NYPD, moves to Los Angeles and becomes a porn star. Up to that point, he had simply been unaware that he has large genitals.
Other versions.
Marvel Noir.
In the "Marvel Noir" universe, Soap appears as a competent NYPD Detective investigating the murder of Frank Castelione, and the murders committed by Frank's son Frank Castelione Jr. (who became the Punisher). 

</doc>
<doc id="20587887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587887" title="Gringo, Pennsylvania">
Gringo, Pennsylvania

Gringo is an unincorporated community in Hopewell Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located along Pennsylvania Route 151, near the border with Raccoon Township. The area was the site of an oil field in the late 19th and early 20th centuries; there was at least one functioning well operating until the 1960s. The community has disappeared from most modern maps, but lives on in the name of Gringo Road and a few business names.

</doc>
<doc id="20587889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587889" title="Horyeongbong">
Horyeongbong

Horyeongbong is a mountain between the counties of Pyeongchang and Hongcheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20587932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587932" title="The Black Balloon">
The Black Balloon

The Black Balloon may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20587941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587941" title="One False Note">
One False Note

'One False Note' is the second book in "The 39 Clues" series. It is written by Gordan Korman, and was published by Scholastic on December 2, 2008. Following the events of "The Maze of Bones", the protagonists Amy and Dan Cahill learn about Mozart and travel to Vienna, Austria to search for the second clue in the 39 Clues competition. "One False Note" entered the Children's Books New York Times Best Seller list at number one on December 21, 2008 and stayed on the list for children's chapter books for 12 weeks.
Plot summary.
Amy, Dan, and their au pair, Nellie Gomez, found music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in the end of The Maze of Bones, leading them to Vienna, Austria, to learn about him and find a related clue. In Vienna, Amy and Dan discover that Mozart had an older sister: Maria Anna "Nannerl" Mozart. They go to a library to view her diary, only to realize Jonah Wizard, a fellow competitor in the search for The 39 Clues, stole it. They steal it from him, but then Nellie translates it and notices that three pages are missing.
After finding the music from Mozart on the Internet, Amy and Dan notice that three lines are missing from it. They play the missing lines down in the lobby of the hotel they are staying in and realize that they are actually a whole different song that wasn't even written by Mozart. That song's name is "The Place Where I Was Born", so they go to the place where Mozart was born: Salzburg, Austria. There, they see Alistair Oh (yet another competitor), and follow him into the Salzburg Catacombs. They see the man in black (who is always around when bad things happen) and, shortly afterward, are trapped inside the Catacombs by an explosion that causes a cave-in. However, they find another way out through St. Peter's Archabbey and are chased by monks after finding a sheet of old parchment that supposedly had all 39 clues on it. They are devastated to find that it is just a recipe for Benedictine.
Later, Nellie discovers that there is a homing device on the collar of their cat, Saladin. She, Amy, and Dan then find Alistair sleeping on a park bench and decide to plant it on him. Amy finds a secret compartment inside his cane and plants the homing device inside, in exchange taking what he found in the Catacombs, an eighteenth century concert poster starring Mozart in Venice, Italy.
In Venice, Amy and Dan follow Jonah Wizard and find a secret passage from a music store called "Disco Volante" to a Janus stronghold. There, they find the missing diary pages and steal them from Jonah while he is examining them. They are chased by Janus agents but hide the pages on a boat called the Royal Saladin and come back to collect them once they lose the Janus. The pages say that Nannerl thought her brother was going crazy because he was buying large quantities of an expensive Japanese steel and getting himself into major debt. A name, Fidelio Racco, which was also found on the paper taken from Alistair Oh, appears in the diary, along with two notes from Grace: "The word that cost her life, minus the music" and "D>HIC". They figure out that "the word that cost her her life" was referring to Marie Antoinette's famous quote, "Let them eat cake." Amy recalls from a conversation with Grace that Marie Antoinette used the most common French word for cake, gateau instead of brioche which is what she is usually quoted with. However, they do not know what Grace means by "minus the music" or "D>HIC", so they go to Fidelio Racco's mansion (which is now a museum) and hide until after it closes. They then sneak over to Fidelio Racco's harpsichord but are ambushed by the Kabras, who have been following them since Paris. Ian plays Mozart's music on the harpsichord but is unaware of the booby trapped D key, which Amy realizes the meaning of D>HIC, meaning D over High C. She tries to knock Ian off the bench, but she is too late. His finger brushes the booby trapped key, and an explosion sends them both flying into the air. Amy manages to tuck and roll when she hits the ground, but Ian whacks his head on the marble floor and is knocked unconscious. Natalie is also knocked out after Dan stabs her with a dart from her tranquilizer dart gun.
Most of the harpsichord is vaporized in the explosion, but the keyboard is still intact, so Amy plays "The Place Where I Was Born". A section of the floor drops down, revealing two Japanese swords and the second clue, Tungsten. Amy figures out that gateau minus the music means that she needs to take out all of the letters that are musical notes, which leaves her with T-U, the chemical symbol for tungsten.
Back at their hotel in Venice, Amy and Dan tell Nellie about the second clue, and she calls Japan Airlines to book three tickets to Tokyo.
The book ends with Alistair Oh finding out who is owner of the tracking device that was placed on Saladin and himself. That person is Grace's lawyer and friend, William McIntyre.
Critical Reception.
Kidsreads.com reviewed the book, claiming that a reader may find inspiration in their own life and that "Gordon Korman...has done an amazing job."

</doc>
<doc id="20587975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587975" title="Hwangbyeongsan">
Hwangbyeongsan

Hwangbyeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20587985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587985" title="List of Korean inventions and discoveries">
List of Korean inventions and discoveries

This is a list of Korean inventions and discoveries.

</doc>
<doc id="20587994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20587994" title="El Segundo High School">
El Segundo High School

El Segundo High School called ESHS or El Segundo is a four-year public high school located in El Segundo, California which opened in 1927.
Housed in a 1927 building, El Segundo High School was a California Distinguished High School in 2003 and 2007. In 2008, Newsweek placed ESHS in the top 5% of high schools nationally.
School Information.
Ethnic composition: <br>
American Indian/Alaskan Native: 0.2% <br>
Asian: 3.9% <br>
Pacific Islander: 0.4% <br>
Filipino: 0.9% <br>
Hispanic/Latino: 15.1% <br>
African American: 3.9% <br>
White: 58.9% <br>
Other/Declined to State: 16.6%

</doc>
<doc id="20588018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588018" title="Harshaville, Pennsylvania">
Harshaville, Pennsylvania

Harshaville is an unincorporated community in Hanover Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located near the junction of Pennsylvania Route 18 and U.S. Route 30, near Raccoon Creek State Park. The community is located at the terminus of Pennsylvania Route 151.

</doc>
<doc id="20588026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588026" title="Charles Wellford Leavitt">
Charles Wellford Leavitt

Charles Wellford Leavitt (1871–1928) was an American landscape architect, urban planner, and civil engineer who designed everything from elaborate gardens on Long Island, New York and New Jersey estates to federal parks in Cuba, hotels in Puerto Rico, plans of towns in Florida, New York and elsewhere. New York publisher Julius David Stern called Leavitt "a rare combination of engineer, artist, and diplomat", and the multi-faceted career chosen by Leavitt, veering between public and private commissions and embracing everything from hard-edged engineering to sensuous garden design, and calling for negotiations with everyone from wealthy entrepreneurs to county commissioners, called for an individual with singular talents. Leavitt was one of the preeminent landscape architects of his era and helped found the study of landscape architecture at New York City's Columbia University, where he was one of the first three professors in the University's new four-year program in the discipline.
Early life.
Charles Wellford Leavitt Jr. was born in Riverton, New Jersey, on March 13, 1871, the son of Charles Wellford Sr. and Sarah (Allibone) Leavitt. He was educated at The Gunnery school in Washington, Connecticut, and the Cheltenham Military Academy in Cheltenham, Pennsylvania. Charles Wellford Leavitt Jr. married Clara Gordon White at Essex Fells, New Jersey in 1899, and the couple subsequently had four children.
Professional career.
Leavitt began his career as an assistant engineer in charge of construction with the East Jersey Water Company, then subsequently joined the Caldwell Railway and acted as engineer for the town of Essex Fells, New Jersey, where he directed the engineering and construction of water and sewer facilities, roads and other municipal facilities. By 1897 Leavitt had set up his own practice in New York City, and began to take on large projects in the area of landscape design, civil engineering and architecture.
Leavitt became a sought-after specialist, particularly in landscape and garden design, Henri Willis Bendel, Daniel S. Lamont, Foxhall P. Keene, Felix M. Warburg, Lillian Sefton Dodge, H. Fletcher Brown, E. K. Cone, George C. Smith, Issachar Cozzen III, Carlton Macy, George B. Post, Harry K. Knapp, Anson W. Hard and others. Most of Leavitt's landscape commissions were in the New Jersey hunt country and the North Shore of Long Island, but he also worked as far afield as Pasadena, California and Duluth, Minnesota. Sometimes he acted as landscape architect on homes designed by other architects; often he also designed the homes as well as the adjacent landscaping.
Leavitt's landscape designs ranged from enormous Italianate gardens (Charles Schwab estate, Loretto, Pennsylvania), to more intimate wildflower enclosures (J. A. Haskell estate, Red Bank, New Jersey). Typically, Leavitt's designs for the gardens of the wealthy took account of the local topography, the axis of the home and the local fauna and flora. At Kykuit, the Rockefeller family home, John D. Rockefeller worked with Leavitt on designing approach roads to the estate; his son John D. Rockefeller Jr. then conferred with designer Leavitt on the estate's landscaping, but ultimately chose the landscape architect Welles Bosworth to design the estate's gardens.
"Leavitt had the wit to suggest terracing, particularly on the steep slope to the west of the house," write Robert F. and Baldwin Dalzell in "The House the Rockefellers Built", "but his ideas were trumped by the fortuitous appearance of another contender."
Leavitt's design work on estates eventually led him to other far-flung commissions. After designing a home for Foxhall Kenne, for instance, Leavitt subsequently designed several race courses for Kenne, an equestrian and race track owner, including the Empire City Race Track, as well as the tracks at Saratoga, Sheepshead Bay, Belmont Park, Toronto, Montreal and Winnipeg.
But Leavitt's interests were not limited to confections for the Gilded Age elite. He took a deep interest in city planning, especially that of his adopted city of New York. On January 3, 1922, for instance, Leavitt was moved to write "The New York Times" concerning the routing of traffic flow, an issue addressed in a recent Times story. "The construction, operating, financial and economic aspects of any problem belong to the engineer and his field", wrote Leavitt to The Times. "This city is rich in her wealth of men of engineering genius and talent."
Leavitt went on to praise the work of the city's engineers the previous winter in attempting to channel the city's growing traffic – a solution, Leavitt wrote, that had been largely successful. "The only failure seems to have been in the area of publicity", he said, "Engineering training, although thoroughly practical in many ways, is evidently visionary and weak when it comes to the matter of the creation of headlines."
In his municipal planning work, Leavitt became a forceful practitioner of the City Beautiful architectural movement of the day. His design for the Lake Mirror Promenade in Lakeland, Florida, executed in the 1920s, is one of the best-known examples of the emerging movement in city planning which altered the course of landscape design and changed the face of urban planning. The promenade circles the side of Lake Mirror on the east side of downtown, and incorporated a loggia, a pedestrian area with a mix of public and private buildings, and a large open circle of lawn designed to accommodate an obelisk sculpture (that was never built). The promenade, with its columns and other architectural elements, was meant to evoke ancient Rome or Greece.
In his plan for the University of Georgia campus, executed in 1906, Leavitt helped spearhead the emerging City Beautiful Movement. Leavitt's design hewed to the Beaux Arts style, but paid close attention to the axial relationship of buildings to open space. The Leavitt Plan for the campus remains influential in the University's planning today,
Leavitt's Georgia plans, and other prominent commissions, brought him to the attention of developers such as James Buchanan Duke, who was anxious to convert his in Somerville, New Jersey into a moneyed enclave. In 1910 Duke hired Leavitt as his landscape architect to lay out the winding avenues, concrete walks, "and plenty of shade trees and ornamental plants" that would lend cache to Duke's proposed development.
In selecting Leavitt, Duke had chosen a landscape architect and engineer who had also worn the developer's hat as well. In the late 19th century, Leavitt had teamed with Philadelphia businessman Anthony S. Drexel to create the New York Suburban Land Company. After learning that the railroads were going to extend service into New Jersey and southward, Drexel sent Leavitt to investigate, later going into business with the architect as well as Drexel's son-in-law John F. Fell. Their resulting partnership purchased from General William J. Gould for development, and named the community after Fell. (Subsequent tough economic times forced the partnership under management of Drexel's estate – but with engineer Leavitt still in charge).
Camden County, New Jersey also hired Leavitt after organizing its park commission in 1926. As consulting engineer, Leavitt and his firm were charged with developing a countywide public park and playground system. But Camden County subsequently purchased several properties which, Leavitt argued, were bought solely to enhance the property values of well-connected Camden businessmen – one of whom was the Commissioner of Parks. Although some of Leavitt's early plans were utilized, "the Park Commission therefore fired the brilliant engineer and so lost the vital support and support of his patron, Eldridge Johnson, president of the Victor Talking Machine Company."
Leavitt also designed municipal parks, including the federal parks in Cuba, the Washington Crossing Park on the Delaware River, and did much of the initial town planning of West Palm Beach, Florida, and Garden City, New York, as well as other prominent urban design projects. He served as chief engineer for the Palisades Interstate Park Commission and designed urban plans for Long Beach; Garden City, Long Island, New York; Monument Valley Park in Colorado Springs, Colorado; the lieutenant governor's residence in Toronto, Ontario; he also designed the stadium grandstand at Pittsburgh's Forbes Field, and was the primary landscape architect for Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx.
Charles Leavitt, a resident of Hartsdale, New York, was a longtime member of the American Society of Civil Engineers, the American Society of Landscape Architects, and the Architectural League of New York. Like many architects, especially in the era in which Leavitt practiced, he often bounced between his professional responsibilities and the social contacts which furnished him a steady stream of well-heeled clients. During his early years in business particularly, Leavitt was heavily reliant on his principal engineering assistant Robert W. Sayles, who died in 1913.
On Leavitt's own death at age 57 from pneumonia in 1928, the firm, which had become Charles Wellford Leavitt & Son, remained active until 1940, run by Leavitt's son Gordon. In its obituary of Leavitt, "The New York Times" noted his design of disparate structures, including country clubs, race tracks, private estates, as well as his work on the Palisades and town planning. The Times called the designer a "landscape engineer" and "park designer." 
Charles Leavitt and his wife Clara had three other children, and an infant daughter who died at four weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20588042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588042" title="Ralph Goldston">
Ralph Goldston

Ralph Peter Goldston (February 25, 1929 – July 9, 2011) was a running back and defensive back in the Canadian Football League who played nine seasons for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He helped the Tiger-Cats to two Grey Cup wins in 1957 and 1963. He was a 4 time all-star with the Ti-Cats, intercepting 32 passes and returning them for 416 yards. Goldston finished his career with the Montreal Alouettes in 1965. He was selected in the 1952 NFL Draft by the Philadelphia Eagles and he played four seasons for the Eagles. After retiring as an active player, Goldston spent 30 years as a college coach (Harvard and Colorado) and finally a scout for the Seattle Seahawks.
Goldston died on July 9, 2011 in Columbus, OH.

</doc>
<doc id="20588053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588053" title="1980–81 Segunda División B">
1980–81 Segunda División B

The 1980–81 Segunda División B was the 4th season of Segunda División B, the third highest level of the Spanish football league system, since its establishment in 1977. First and 2nd in each group were promoted to Segunda División, and the bottom three were relegated to the Tercera División.
Group 1.
A total of 20 teams will contest the group, including 2 relegated from the Segunda División and 4 promoted from the Tercera División.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams relegated from 1979–80 Segunda División
Teams promoted from 1979–80 Tercera División
Locations.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Group 2.
A total of 20 teams will contest the group, including 2 relegated from the Segunda División and 4 promoted from the Tercera División.
Promotion and relegation.
Teams relegated from 1979–80 Segunda División
Teams promoted from 1979–80 Tercera División
Locations.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________

</doc>
<doc id="20588058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588058" title="Battle of Shantou">
Battle of Shantou

Battle of Shantou may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20588083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588083" title="Janumada Gelathi">
Janumada Gelathi

Janumada Gelathi is a 2008 Kannada language film directed by Dinesh Baboo and produced by C R Manohar. its stars Srinagar Kitty and Pooja Gandhi in the lead roles. The film's music composed by V. Manohar. The film released statewide on 5 December 2008.
Reception.
The movie did not make any impression in the box office proving an utter flop
Soundtrack.
The film has five songs composed by V. Manohar with the lyrics penned by V. Manohar, Yogaraj Bhat, Jayanth Kaikini, V. Nagendra Prasad. 

</doc>
<doc id="20588090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588090" title="Liberty Fund">
Liberty Fund

Liberty Fund, Inc., is a nonprofit foundation headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA which promulgates the libertarian views of its founder through publishing, conferences, and educational resources. The operating mandate of the Liberty Fund was set forth in an unpublished memo written by its founder, Pierre F. Goodrich "to encourage the study of the ideal of a society of free and responsible individuals.”
Overview and program.
Liberty Fund was founded by Goodrich in 1960. In 1997 it received an $80 million donation from Goodrich's wife, Enid, increasing its assets to over $300 million.
The Foundation has funded the publication of almost 400 titles in the fields of history, politics, philosophy, law, education, and economics. These include the Glasgow Edition of the Works and Correspondence of Adam Smith (7 vols.), the Sraffa edition of the Works and Correspondence of David Ricardo (11 vols.), Liberty Fund’s Natural Law and Enlightenment Series (31 of a projected 44 vols.), and the Historical-Critical Edition of Alexis de Tocqueville’s "Democracy in America" (4 vols.).
Liberty Fund conducts various programs, including programs which it co-sponsors with other institutions.
Reception.
In his book "The Assault on Reason", Al Gore says that between 2002 and 2004 97% of the attendees at Liberty Fund training seminars for judges were Republican administration appointees. Gore suggests that such conferences and seminars are one of the reasons that judges who regularly attend such conferences "are generally responsible for writing the most radical pro-corporate, antienvironmental, and activist decisions." Referring to what he calls the "Big Three," the Foundation for Research on Economics and the Environment, George Mason University's Law & Economics Center (LEC), and the Liberty Fund he adds, "These groups are not providing unbiased judicial education. They are giving multithousand-dollar vacations to federal judges to promote their radical right-wing agenda at the expense of the public interest."
Liberty Fund has been cited as one of the endowed conservative foundations which laid the way for the election of U.S. president Ronald Reagan in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20588095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588095" title="Fact (UK magazine)">
Fact (UK magazine)

FACT was founded in 2003 as a British bi-monthly music and youth culture magazine. The magazine became notable for commissioning covers by artists including M.I.A., Bat for Lashes, Shepard Fairey, Barry McGee, Peter Saville, Trevor Jackson, Klaxons and Brazil's Os Gemeos.
FACT reached a circulation of 28,000 (25,000 UK and 3,000 overseas) and readership of 100,000+ per issue. FACT was available free from independent record stores, selected clothing outlets and music/arts venues in the UK, and in France, Germany, Spain and Japan.
Factmag.com.
In 2005 Fact Magazine went digital and in 2008 it became exclusively an online magazine. The FACT web site quickly grew to become the main focus of the editorial team's activities.
In 2009 it started to showcase the best of the marriage between music and art within a vinyl context.
Fact's strategy centered around the download and streaming of exclusive tracks. Every week Fact also offers free mixes by DJs.
Fact is part of the Vinyl Factory group.
Dr Martens advertisement controversy.
In 2007, some controversy was caused when Dr Martens placed an advertisement in FACT featuring manipulated photographs of a number of dead rock musicians so that they appeared to be wearing the company's boots in heaven. When families of some of these musicians saw the advert, they reacted angrily, leading Dr Martens to dismiss their advertising agency, Saatchi & Saatchi.

</doc>
<doc id="20588102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588102" title="Conya Doss">
Conya Doss

Conya Doss (born in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter and record producer. She is known as "The Queen of Indie Soul".
In 2001, Conya Doss started her own recording label "Conya Doss Songs" and began recording her first album. In 2002, Doss released her first singles "Good Good" and "Coffee" which were followed by the release of her first album, entitled "A Poem About Ms. Doss". Followed in November 2004, she released her sophomore album "Just Because". In 2006, she released her third album "Love Rain Down". In May 2008, Doss released her lead single "What I'd Do". In April 2008, Doss released her fourth studio album, entitled "Still...". The album also spawned a second single "It's Over", which listed her for iTunes' "Best R&B Indie Track". In September 2010, Doss released her fifth album "Blu Transition". In April 2012, she released her sixth album "A Pocketful of Purpose".
Early life.
Doss has been singing since she was five. She grew up listening to the likes of Bonnie Raitt, The Doobie Brothers, Stevie Wonder, Angela Winbush, Nina Simone, and Jane Child. She attended Cleveland School of the Arts along with Avant and 71 North. She later received her teaching credential and has become a teacher of children with special needs in the Cleveland Public School system. She began using music in her classroom as a way to connect with her students and her debut album “A Poem About Ms. Doss” was inspired by a heartfelt letter from one of her students.
Musical career.
2001-2003: A Poem About Ms. Doss.
In 2001, Conya Doss started her own recording label "Conya Doss Songs" and began recording her first album. In 2002, Doss released her first singles "Good Good" and "Coffee" which were followed by the release of her album, entitled "A Poem About Ms. Doss". The album also spawned the singles "Starship" and "You Really Hurt Me". Doss later began performing at several Midwest venues. In February 2003, Doss performed at Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. For her debut album she received 3 Stars in USA Today where music critic Steve Jones said ""No matter what twists and turns relationships may take, they never seem to make this honey-voiced newcomer from Cleveland lose heart. Doss stirs emotions on her inventive first single, “Coffee”, and takes a loving nod toward her soul/jazz roots with a cover of Norman Connors' Starship. Her poem is a smooth and sexy one worth more than just a cursory reading."" 
2003-2005: Just Because.
In 2003, Doss returned to the studio to begin recording for her second album. In 2004, Doss released the single "Missin' You". The single created a buzz for her upcoming album, "Just Because" which was released in November 2004.
2005-2007: Love Rain Down.
In 2005, Doss began recording sessions for her third album. After a two-year hiatus, she released her third album, "Love Rain Down" in October 2006. Shortly after the album's release, Doss began touring and performing at worldwide venues. In 2007, Doss performed the album's lead single "Tell Me Why" on BET J.
2008-2009: Still.
In May 2008, Doss released her lead single "What I'd Do". The song received airplay from local radio stations, charted on Billboard and also received airplay from BET J's Soul Sessions. The song earned Doss a nomination for "Best Underground Artist" at the BET J Virtual Awards alongside Eric Roberson, Vikter Duplaix and Rahsaan Patterson... In April 2008, Doss released her fourth studio album, entitled "Still". The album also spawned a second single "It's Over", which listed her for iTunes' "Best R&B Indie Track". She later appeared on PBS and performed her singles "Tell Me Why", "Message", "It's Over".
In 2009, Doss began promoting her third single "Can't Stop". She later performed the song in dedication of her late friend at local venues. In June 2009, Doss toured with Yahzarah, Sy Smith, Maya Azucena on the Soulsista Tour.
2010-2011: Blu Transition.
In August 2010, Doss revealed the recording sessions for her fifth album entitled Blu Transition. In late August 2010, she released her buzz single "What We Gone Do" to Soultracks as the Free Choice Track Download. It became "Song of the Month" in September 2010 while the single received 4000 digital downloads in one month, setting a new record on Soultracks since Lalah Hathaway in 2008. In September 2010, Doss released her fifth album "Blu Transition".
2012-present: A Pocketful of Purpose.
In January 2012, Doss released the first single "Don't Change" from her sixth album. In March 2012, she released a song called "Paradise" to Soultracks. On March 20, 2012, Doss released the music video of "Don't Change" to YouTube. In April 2012, she released her sixth album "A Pocketful of Purpose".
Style.
Doss' stage presence consists of her afro style hair. Doss can be classified as an alto and falsetto. Doss demonstrates her alto range in songs like "Something 2Nite", "It's Over", and "Starship", whereas in songs like "Message", "Good Good", "I Miss You" is where she demonstrates her falsetto range. She cites Stevie Wonder, Donnie Hathaway, Chaka Khan, Prince, Steely Dan, Natalie Cole, Sade, Jodeci, Rude Boys, Lauryn Hill, and D'Angelo as her musical inspirations.
Personal life.
In 2010, Doss gave birth to her son named Landon Blu. She named her fifth album after him.
Awards and nominations.
These are the awards won by American R&B singer Conya Doss.

</doc>
<doc id="20588112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588112" title="United States Senate election in New Jersey, 2000">
United States Senate election in New Jersey, 2000

The 2000 United States Senate election in New Jersey was held on November 7, 2000. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Frank Lautenberg decided to retire, instead of seeking a fourth term. Democrat nominee, former CEO of Goldman Sachs Jon Corzine defeated Republican nominee, U.S. Congressman Bob Franks, in a close election. In January 2006, Corzine resigned from the Senate to become Governor of New Jersey.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
Corzine spent $35 million of his fortunes into this primary election alone. when running against Jim Florio, who served as the 50th Governor of New Jersey from 1990 to 1994. Due to an unpopularity of the Governor, Corzine defeated Florio in the primary and then defeated Bob Franks in the general election.
General election.
Campaign.
Franks, a moderate Republican, attacked Corzine for "trying to buy the election and of advocating big-government spending programs that the nation can ill afford." Corzine accused Franks of wanting to "dismantle" the Social Security system because he supported Governor George W. Bush's partial privatization plan.
During the campaign, Corzine refused to release his income tax return records. He claimed an interest in doing so, but he cited a confidentiality agreement with Goldman Sachs. Skeptics argued that he should have followed the example of his predecessor Robert Rubin, who converted his equity stake into debt upon leaving Goldman.
Corzine campaigned for state government programs including universal health care, universal gun registration, mandatory public preschool, and more taxpayer funding for college education. He pushed affirmative action and same-sex marriage. David Brooks considered Corzine so liberal that although his predecessor was also a Democrat, his election helped shift the Senate to the left.
During Corzine's campaign for the United States Senate, he made some controversial off-color statements. When introduced to a man with an Italian name who said he was in the construction business, Corzine quipped: “Oh, you make cement shoes!" according to Emanuel Alfano, chairman of the Italian-American One Voice Committee. Alfano also reported that when introduced to a lawyer named David Stein, Corzine said: "He's not Italian, is he? Oh, I guess he's your Jewish lawyer who is here to get the rest of you out of jail." Corzine denied mentioning religion, but did not deny the quip about Italians, claiming that some of his own ancestors were probably Italian, or maybe French.
Also in 2000, Corzine denied having paid off African-American ministers, when in fact the foundation controlled by him and his wife had paid one influential black church $25,000. Rev. Reginald T. Jackson, director of the Black Ministers Council, had campaigned against a form of racial profiling whereby police officers stop minority drivers and had gotten New Jersey state police superintendent, Carl A. Williams, fired. Corzine had donated to Jackson prior to getting what appears to be a reciprocal endorsement.
Franks generally trailed Corzine in the polls until the very last week, when he pulled even in a few polls. Corzine spent $63 million, while Franks spent only $6 million. Despite being heavily outspent, Franks lost by only three percentage points, doing better that year than Republican Governor George W. Bush in the presidential election, who obtained just 40% of the vote in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="20588120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588120" title="Love Language">
Love Language

Love Language was the ninth album by R&B/Soul crooner Teddy Pendergrass. It was his first record for Asylum Records after being a longtime artist on Philadelphia International Records. It did much better on the Billboard 200 than his last two records, peaking at #38. He had not reached the top forty on the album charts since 1981's "It's Time for Love". The album was composed and produced by Michael Masser, with the exception of the track "You're My Choice Tonight (Choose Me)" (#15 R&B chart 3 Nov 1984) which was produced by Luther Vandross and featured Cissy Houston on background vocals and as 'Solo Female Voice'. "Hold Me" (#46 Hot 100 (28 July 1984) #6 Adult Contemporary Chart) written by Masser and Linda Creed was a duet with Whitney Houston (it later turned up on Houston's debut album).
The track "In my Time" reached number 11 on the South African charts, spending seven weeks in the top 20. 
Songs from the album were used on the soundtrack to Alan Rudolph's film "Choose Me". "The songs are performed by Teddy Pendergrass and he's just right. The entire movie has a lilting, loose, choreographic flow to it." 

</doc>
<doc id="20588126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588126" title="State Theatre (Falls Church, Virginia)">
State Theatre (Falls Church, Virginia)

The State Theatre is a restaurant and concert venue in Falls Church, Virginia. Built in 1936, the State Theatre operated as a movie theater until 1988. One of the first theatres on the East Coast to be centrally air-conditioned, the State was the flagship of the family-owned Neighborhood Theatres chain which also operated the Glebe, the Buckingham and the Jefferson.
The first film shown was "Thanks a Million" starring Dick Powell. On November 27, 1988 the State closed its doors after a final showing of "Die Hard" starring Bruce Willis. A multi-million dollar restoration in the late 1990s turned it into a venue for live music and private events. The full theatrical stage is original, as are the 200 balcony seats and the two lobbies. 
The closest Metro station is the East Falls Church Metro station.

</doc>
<doc id="20588127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588127" title="SPSS Modeler">
SPSS Modeler

IBM SPSS Modeler is a data mining and text analytics software application built by IBM. It's used to build predictive models. It has a visual interface which allows users to leverage statistical and data mining algorithms without programming. SPSS Modeler has been used in a variety of applications.
SPSS Modeler was originally named SPSS Clementine by SPSS Inc., after which it was renamed PASW Modeler in 2009 by SPSS. It was since acquired by IBM in its 2009 acquisition of SPSS Inc. and was subsequently renamed IBM SPSS Modeler, its current name.
Applications.
SPPS Modeler has been used in these and other industries:
Editions.
IBM sells the current version of SPSS Modeler (version 15) in two separate bundles of features. These two bundles are called "editions" by IBM:
Both editions are available in desktop and server configurations.
Product history.
Early versions of the software were called Clementine and were Unix based and designed as a consulting tool and not for sale to customers. Originally developed by a UK company named Integral Solutions Limited (ISL), the tool quickly garnered the attention of the data mining community (at that time in its infancy). Original in many respects, it was the first data mining tool to use an icon based Graphical user interface rather than requiring users to write in a Programming language.
In 1998 ISL was acquired by SPSS Inc., who saw the potential for extended development as a commercial data mining tool. In early 2000 the software was developed into a client / server architecture, and shortly afterward the client front-end interface component was completely re-written and replaced with a superior Java front-end.
SPSS Clementine version 12.0

</doc>
<doc id="20588128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588128" title="Leonard Harris (philosopher)">
Leonard Harris (philosopher)

Leonard Harris is a professor of Philosophy at Purdue University. He also serves as director of the Philosophy and Literature Ph.D. program at the university.
He has previously been a member of the graduate faculty, and former Director of African American Studies at Purdue University. He is a specialist in the philosophical work of Alain LeRoy Locke. 

</doc>
<doc id="20588155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588155" title="Wockenfuss Candies">
Wockenfuss Candies

Wockenfuss Candies is a Baltimore-based chocolatier and chain of candy stores in Maryland. The company was founded by the Wockenfuss family in the early 20th Century. The family immigrated to the United States from Germany in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20588245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588245" title="Stilus">
Stilus

Stilus is a genus of diatom.

</doc>
<doc id="20588247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588247" title="Minuscule 2616">
Minuscule 2616

Minuscule 2616 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on 280 parchment leaves (17.7 cm by 12.9 cm). Paleografically it has been assigned to the 12th century.
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels. The text is written in two columns per page, in 21 lines per page. Numbered only on the recto of leaf. The title in Mark is written in red semi-uncial letters, in rest of the Gospels in red uncial letters. It contains the Ammonian Sections and references to the Eusebian Canons.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 it has a mixture of the Byzantine textual families.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 16) at Durham. 

</doc>
<doc id="20588256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588256" title="Keate">
Keate

Keate is an English surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20588315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588315" title="Nuestra de Señora de Halle">
Nuestra de Señora de Halle

Nuestra de Señora de Halle was a fort in the modern Bío Bío Region of Chile established in 1603 by Governor Alonso de Ribera, situated on the south bank of the Bio Bio River in Catirai, along the upper part of its confluence with the Rele River. It was a little up river from the confluence of the Bio Bio and Laja rivers and the fort of San Rosendo. Ribera named the fort for the city of Halle, in Belgium where he had previously spent many years in the war there.
In 1605, the fort was transformed into the town of "Monterrey de la Frontera" named for the then viceroy of Peru Gaspar de Zúñiga y Acevedo, Count of Monterrey. It was sometimes called "Coya" for it was thought to be a refoundation of the ruined city of Santa Cruz de Coya located not far from the new town. Padre Luis de Valdivia lived in the Jesuit mission house in this town from 1612. The town lasted until 1617 when it was destroyed by the Mapuche. A small town of Monterrey now is located nearby the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20588316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588316" title="Wide area synchronous grid">
Wide area synchronous grid

A wide area synchronous grid, also called an "interconnection" in North America, is an electrical grid at a regional scale or greater that operates at a synchronized frequency and is electrically tied together during normal system conditions. These are also known as synchronous zones, the largest of which is the synchronous grid of Continental Europe (ENTSO-E) with 667 gigawatts (GW) of generation, and the widest region served being that of the IPS/UPS system serving countries of the former Soviet Union. Synchronous grids with ample capacity facilitate electricity market trading across wide areas. In the ENTSO-E in 2008, over 350,000 megawatt hours were sold per day on the European Energy Exchange (EEX). As discovered in the California electricity crisis, there are strong incentives among some market traders to deliberately create congestion and poor management of generation capacity on an interconnection network to artificially inflate prices. Increasing transmission capacity and expanding the market by uniting with neighboring synchronous networks will make such manipulations more difficult.
All of the interconnects in North America are synchronized at 60 Hz, while those of Europe run at 50 Hz. Interconnections can be tied to each other via high-voltage direct current power transmission lines (DC ties), or with variable frequency transformers (VFTs), which permit a controlled flow of energy while also functionally isolating the independent AC frequencies of each side.
The benefits of synchronous zones include pooling of generation, resulting in lower generation costs; pooling of load, resulting in significant equalizing effects; common provisioning of reserves, resulting in cheaper primary and secondary reserve power costs; opening of the market, resulting in possibility of long term contracts and short term power exchanges; and mutual assistance in the event of disturbances.
The Tres Amigas SuperStation aims to enable energy transfers and trading between the Eastern Interconnection and Western Interconnection using 30GW HVDC connections.

</doc>
<doc id="20588329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588329" title="Erwin Lehn">
Erwin Lehn

Erwin Lehn (8 June 1919, Grünstadt – 20 March 2010) was a German jazz composer, bandleader and musician. On 1 April 1951 he established the "Südfunk dance orchestra" of the South German Radio in Stuttgart, which he directed until 1992. With the start of a new public broadcasting corporation, the Südwestrundfunk, the name of the "Südfunk Tanzorchester" was changed to "SWR Big Band".

</doc>
<doc id="20588332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588332" title="Alfalfa, Alabama">
Alfalfa, Alabama

Alfalfa is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Alfalfa had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Alfalfa is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588337" title="Silentlambs">
Silentlambs

Silentlambs is a United States based non-profit organization, founded by William Bowen, that assists victims of child sexual abuse experienced within the religious organization of Jehovah's Witnesses. Silentlambs' stated purpose is to help educate the public and Jehovah's Witnesses about child sexual abuse, and to assist abuse survivors who have been molested as children and silenced from speaking out or seeking proper assistance as directed by religious authority. The group states that it has received reports from more than 5000 Jehovah's Witnesses contending that the church mishandled cases of child sexual abuse.
In 2012, an attorney for the Watch Tower Society claimed that the Silentlambs website airs the personal grievances of its owner towards his former religious associates and lacks scholarly research.
Founder.
Silentlambs was founded in 2001 by William H. Bowen, a second generation Jehovah’s Witness. Bowen served as an elder for approximately 15 years, and worked in the printing factory at the headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses from 1977 until 1979. According to Bowen, he was removed as an elder in July 1992 for refusing to back down on a matter involving the appointment of a child molester. He was reappointed as an elder in 1994, but resigned the position in December 2000 over concerns about new allegations of child abuse and continued disagreement with Jehovah's Witnesses' policies for reporting child sex abuse. According to Bowen, he was disfellowshipped in 2002 for actions considered to constitute "causing divisions" and tantamount to "apostasy". Bowen claims to be an expert in comparative religions including Jehovah's Witnesses, the Catholic Church and the Mormons regarding child sex abuse policies, and provides services as a consultant for attorneys who file civil cases against Jehovah's Witnesses. He has stated that he is not an expert regarding investigations of sex abuse allegations, nor an expert regarding the historical standards of care and detection of child abuse. Bowen has self-published two books, and states that he is an expert in child custody and taxation policies of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Watch Tower Society database.
Bowen claims that the Jehovah's Witnesses' headquarters, the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society, maintains a database with the names of over twenty thousand abusers; he claims the list has not been released because it would hurt the public image of the church.
The Watch Tower Society states that the number of names in its records is "considerably lower", but does not specify an actual number. It stated that the purpose of the database is not to protect child molesters, but for legal reasons and to prevent molesters from being appointed in position of authority. It also states that the number includes individuals who are not necessarily Jehovah's Witnesses, but who are "associated with" them. The Watch Tower Society has acknowledged that its handling of abuse cases has not been perfect, but claims its policies were exemplary and superior to those of other religions. According to some former members, Jehovah's Witnesses may discipline or excommunicate members who have molested children, without turning the offender over to police.
Lawsuits.
In September 2002, Bowen organized and participated in a demonstration in front of the headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses in Brooklyn, New York. In the spring of the same year, Silentlambs assisted in bringing the first series of major civil lawsuits against the Watch Tower Society over the mishandling of child abuse. These and other subsequent cases were settled out of court with the details kept confidential.
In 2012, the Watch Tower Society's attorney stated in a court memorandum that no courts in the United States had previously found its conduct or policy regarding sex-abuse to be unlawful. The attorney also stated that the Silentlambs website is a vehicle for Bowen to "air his personal grievances against his former religious associates", and that Bowen's comments lack scholarly research and are consistently accusatory of the beliefs of Jehovah's Witnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="20588348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588348" title="2009 GMAC Bowl">
2009 GMAC Bowl

The 2009 GMAC Bowl was the tenth anniversary edition of the American college football bowl game, and part of the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season the contest was played on January 6, 2009 at Ladd Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama and featured the Tulsa Golden Hurricane playing the Ball State Cardinals. For the second consecutive year, the Golden Hurricane won the contest. The game, which was played in a second half driving rainstorm, was won easily by Tulsa 45-13. One year earlier, Tulsa throttled Bowling Green in this contest, 63-7, and have now outscored the MAC opposition, 108-20. 
In chronological order, the GMAC Bowl is the final bowl game outside of the Bowl Championship Series and the next-to-last (33rd out of 34) overall.
To date, this is the last matchup between the MAC and Conference USA in this bowl; the organizers signed a contract with the Sun Belt Conference following the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20588354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588354" title="Wiik">
Wiik

Wiik is a Norwegian surname.
People with the surname Wiik include:

</doc>
<doc id="20588363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588363" title="Clay Hill, Alabama">
Clay Hill, Alabama

Clay Hill, also spelled Clayhill, is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Clay Hill was established prior to the American Civil War. It had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Clay Hill is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588365" title="Milton Reeves">
Milton Reeves

Milton Othello Reeves (August 25, 1864 - June 4, 1925) was an early pioneer of the American automobile industry. He held more than 100 patents.
Biography.
He was born on a farm in Rush County, Indiana on August 25, 1864 to William Franklin Reeves and Hannah M. Gilson and educated in Knightstown. He married Amanda Melvina Kirkpatrick in 1882. Reeves died on June 4, 1925 in Columbus, Indiana, aged 60. He was buried in Columbus City Cemetery in Columbus, Indiana.
In 1879 Reeves worked in a sawmill in Columbus. He noticed that workers could not control the speed of the pulleys used to power the saws. This caused the wood to split and a large amount of wastage. After some months of study and experimentation, Reeves invented a variable-speed transmission to control the saws speed.
In 1888 Reeves and his brothers, Marshal and Girney purchased the Edinburg Pulley Company and renamed it the Reeves Pulley Company. Marshal was the driving force behind this venture having first invented in a tongueless corn plow in 1869 and in 1875 together with his father and uncle formed the Hoosier Boy Cultivator Company. In 1879 the company name was changed to Reeves & Co. Reeves, with his interest in motor vehicles, began to develop a motocycle and in so doing adapted his variable speed transmission. The transmission became a product line in its own right for the Reeves Pulley Company because of its multiple applications.
Motocycle and muffler.
Reeves is credited as building either the fourth or fifth American automobile, called at the time a motocycle. It had a belt and pulley based variable speed transmission which he believed made it superior to Henry Ford's Quadricycle with only one speed. The motocycle was four-wheeled and powered by a two cylinder, two cycle, six horsepower Sintz Gas Engine Company engine. The coach was made by the Fehring Carriage Company. The Sintz engine proved unreliable and Reeves created his own air cooled model, probably in 1897/1898.
His first recorded test of his motocycle's transmission took place on 26 September 1896. To overcome noise and fumes of the engine, Reeves created a double muffler, an industry first. Reeves and his brother lodged the muffler patent in 1897. That same year he introduced a new improved version of the motocycle. The car was driven to Indianapolis and attained a top speed of 15 mph. It was reported as the first auto in the city. In a later test the vehicle attained 30 mph. By 1898, Reeves had lost momentum and was discouraged, probably by the almost complete lack of sales. Only five are thought to have been sold. By 1899 Reeve's brothers were no longer supporting the motocycle's development mainly because of the lack of reliable engines.
Reeve's continued to work on developing a car and by 1904 had convinced his brothers to back another attempt. He made four Model D and six Model E cars by 1905. The D had a 12 hp engine and the E and 18-20 hp engine. In 1905 he produced an air cooled, valve in head motor with individually cast cylinders, splash lubrication, and intake and exhaust manifolds on opposite sides. That year Reeve's obtained a contract for 500 of these engines from the Aerocar Company and by 1906 was making 15 engines a week. 1906 saw the introduction of a water cooled model and the Model J engined car the Reeves Go-Buggy. The Model P engine was used in the Sears Motor Buggy. The engines continued to evolve until 1910 when the family again abandoned the idea because of the collapse of the Aerocar Company. Through this period Reeves had continued to make cars with the Model S and N being two of the types. The variable speed transmission continued to be made by the Reeves Pulley Company up until 1955 when it was acquired by the Reliance Electric Company, now part of the Baldor Electric Company.
Other auto companies using Reeve engines at various time during the period were Auburn, Autobug, Chatham, Mapleby, and Moon.
Octo-Auto and Sexto-Auto.
In 1911, Reeves founded the Reeves Sexto-Octo Company. He modified a 1910 model Overland by adding four extra wheels and calling it the Reeves Octo-Auto. Time Magazine has named this car as one of the most ugly ever produced. At the time, however, the Octo-Auto was hailed by writer and editor Elbert Hubbard for its comfort and durability. It had a 40-horsepower engine, was over 20 feet long, sat 4-passengers, and retailed for $3200.00. The Octo-Auto was notable or notorious enough for Hemmings to feature it in 2011 as an April Fools' Day article on its website titled "World celebrates the centennial of the Octo-Auto".
The Octo-Auto failed to sell and in 1912 Reeves created the Sexto-Auto, a six-wheel version. The first version was a modification of the Octo-Auto. The second attempt was built on a modified Stutz Motor Company chassis and was no more successful than the first attempt. It was a luxury car, had variable speed transmission and reportedly made several cross-country jaunts. With a price of $4,500 (over $100,000 in 2014 terms) it to never caught on with the American public.
In 1914 the Reeves Pulley Company decided to sell its engine business. The Cummings Machine Company of Minster, Ohio was its purchaser in 1918.
Buses.
Reeves created a bus in 1896/97 with his second motocycle called "The Big Seven" for carrying seven adults. He followed this is in 1898 with a 20 passenger vehicle, which he sold to a South Dakota businessman. Unfortunately its wheels were too far apart for the wagon wheel-ruts and it was returned to the company. It was then used on the Big Four Railroad from Columbus to Hope, Indiana.
His vehicles were not very successful but his variable speed transmission and muffler were.
See also.
Reeves & Co.

</doc>
<doc id="20588373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588373" title="David Rooney (cricketer)">
David Rooney (cricketer)

David Rooney (born 16 January 1975) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Cumberland. He was born in Whitehaven.
Rooney made his cricketing debut in June 2002, in the 38-County Cup.
Rooney made a single List A appearance for the team, during 2003, against Scotland in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.
As of 2008, Rooney still appears occasionally for Cumberland in the Minor Counties Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20588374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588374" title="David Barnes (cricketer)">
David Barnes (cricketer)

David Barnes (born 27 September 1982, along with his twin sister Jennifer Barnes). He is an English cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played List A cricket for Cumberland. He was born in Whitehaven.
Having made his debut for the team in the Minor Counties Championship at the age of 17, Barnes made a single one-day appearance, in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy, in August 2003.
Barnes played for Durham Academy for a number of years before moving to the South to pursue a change of career. 
As of 2008, Barnes still plays in the Minor Counties Championship for Berkshire. He received his Berkshire cap in 2008, having finished on the losing side in the final of the MCCA Trophy competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20588375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588375" title="Christopher Kippax">
Christopher Kippax

Christopher Kippax (born May 3, 1969) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Cumberland. He was born in Leeds.
Kippax made a single one-day appearance for the team, in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy in September 2002. Kippax scored 5 runs in the only List A innings in which he batted.
Kippax made two appearances for Harrogate in the National Club Championship in 2003, and appeared in the Cockspur Cup for Methley between 2004 and 2007.
Kippax's brother, Simon and father Peter played one-day and first-class cricket respectively, while Kippax's grandfather Horace played for Yorkshire's Second XI for four seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20588378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588378" title="Daniel Spielman">
Daniel Spielman

Daniel Alan Spielman (born March 1970, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) has been a professor of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science at Yale University since 2006. In October 2012 he was named a recipient of the MacArthur Fellowship, commonly known as the "Genius Grant".
Education.
Daniel Spielman attended The Philadelphia School, Episcopal Academy, and Germantown Friends School. He received his bachelor of arts degree in mathematics and computer science from Yale University in 1992 and a PhD in applied mathematics from MIT in 1995 (his dissertation was called "Computationally Efficient Error-Correcting Codes and Holographic Proofs"). He taught in the Mathematics Department at MIT from 1996 to 2005.
Awards.
In 2008 he was awarded the Gödel Prize for his joint work on smoothed analysis of algorithms.
In 2010 he was awarded the Nevanlinna Prize "for smoothed analysis of Linear Programming, algorithms for graph-based codes and applications of graph theory to Numerical Computing" and the same year he was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
In 2012 he was part of the Inaugural class of Simons Investigators providing $660,000 for five years for curiosity driven research. 
In 2013, together with Adam Marcus and Nikhil Srivastava, he provided a positive solution to the Kadison–Singer problem. 
He gave a plenary lecture at the International Congress of Mathematicians in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20588394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588394" title="Dan Spielman">
Dan Spielman

Dan Spielman (born 1979) is an Australian actor. He has no formal acting training and works in theatre, TV and film since graduating from high school in 1996 at St Michael's Grammar School, St Kilda, Victoria.
In 2005 he became one of the youngest members of the Sydney Theatre Company's ensemble, The Actors Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20588396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588396" title="Mary Aloe">
Mary Aloe

Mary Aloe is an American film and television producer, focusing on faith-based, action and drama and the owner of Aloe Entertainment based in Beverly Hills, CA. Her best known movies include "Mary Mother of Christ", "Battle in Seattle", "When a Man Falls in the Forest", "While She Was Out", "Numb", "Tortured", and "The Princess and the Marine".
Education and early career.
Aloe was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania as the youngest of three girls. She moved to Los Angeles to attend the University of Southern California, where she participated with other students on a music magazine titled "Rock", distributed in 35 countries. Her interest in journalism led her to work as an entertainment reporter for "Us Weekly" and Entertainment Weekly Radio.
Aloe moved to New York and transitioned into producing talk shows, such as CBS's "Geraldo". She later moved back to the west coast where she produced a newsmagazine show at Paramount television called "Hard Copy". She continued to freelance for ABC News "20/20" and went on to produce other newsmagazine, reality TV shows and specials such as "The Susan Powter Show" (Multimedia Inc), "Caught in the Act" (NBC/Dick Clark Productions) and "Case Closed" (USA Network).
Aloe's first executive producer credit was for the Columbia TriStar television movie "The Princess and the Marine". She followed up with another TV executive producer credit on "". This led to producing feature length films such as "When a Man Falls in the Forest", "Numb", "Battle in Seattle", "Tortured", and "While She Was Out". Aloe also participates with Regent Releasing in managing a $50 million P&A fund.
Personal life.
Aloe participates in charities that support children, women, and animals. She is an active supporting member of The Pasadena Humane Society, Pit Bull Rescue, and Women in Film.
Filmography (producer).
Films.
Upcoming:
Released:

</doc>
<doc id="20588406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588406" title="Consul, Alabama">
Consul, Alabama

Consul is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Consul had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Consul is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588439" title="Coxheath, Alabama">
Coxheath, Alabama

Coxheath is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Coxheath had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Coxheath is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588448" title="Juvenal (Poyarkov)">
Juvenal (Poyarkov)

Metropolitan Juvenaly of Krutitsy and Kolomna (; born Vladimir Kirillovich Poyarkov ()September 22, 1935) is a hierarch of the Russian Orthodox Church. The metropolitans of Krutitsy (previously, "Sarsky") have traditionally served as auxiliary bishops to the Patriarchs of Moscow, but with a special elevated status making them equal to a ruling diocesan bishop () for the countryside part (the Moscow Region) of the Moscow diocese.
Biography.
Juvenaly was born in Yaroslavl on September 22, 1935. He entered the Leningrad Spiritual Academy in 1953, completing his studies there in 1957. He was tonsured a monk two years later and named hierodeacon of the Prince Vladimir Church in Leningrad that same year. He was ordained to the priesthood on January 1, 1960. He was named hegumen in 1962 and archimandrite the following year. He was chosen as Vicarial Bishop of Zaraysk, vicar to the Moscow Eparchy, in November 1965. He was consecrated on December 25, 1965 in the Trinity Church of the Alexander Nevsky Lavra in Leningrad. In 1969 he was made Bishop of Tula and assistant of the Russian Orthodox Churches department of External Relations. He was elevated to the archbishop dignity in 1971 and to the metropolitan dignity the following year. He was made Metropolitan of Krutitsy and Kolomna in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20588449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588449" title="A. S. Williams">
A. S. Williams

A.S. Williams (first name and details unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Cumberland.
Williams made a single List A appearance for the team, in the C&G Trophy competition in 2001. Batting in the upper order, he scored 19 runs in the only innings in which he batted in List A cricket, as Cumberland left the competition at the third-round stage beaten by Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20588466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588466" title="Victor Nieto">
Victor Nieto

Víctor Nieto Nuñez (1916 – November 28, 2008) was the Colombian founder and director of the Cartagena Film Festival, the oldest film festival in Latin America. Nieto founded the Cartagena Film Festival in 1960 and remained director for the next 48 years. His last film festival was in 2008.
Nieto was born in Cartagena, Colombia. He began his career as a radio broadcaster. In 1939, Nieto launched a regional radio news program called "Sintesis". He opened a series of radio stations beginning in 1946. For example, in 1949 Nieto opened both the Radio Centro Miramar station and the Cine Miramar theater in Cartegena. 
He served as director of the Cartegena Film Festival for 48 years, despite failing health during his later life. Due to ill health, Nieto hired appointed managers to run the basic operations and preparations for the festival. Lina Paola Rodriguez became manager in 2007 under Nieto. 
Nieto also worked as a journalist, writing for several Colombian publications including the "El Espectador", "El Universal" and the "El Tiempo". 
Victor Nieto died of a stroke on November 28, 2008, at the age of 92. He is survived by his wife, Mary Luz Milanes de Nieto, two sons, Martín and Gerardo, and several grandchildren 

</doc>
<doc id="20588473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588473" title="Exmoor, Alabama">
Exmoor, Alabama

Exmoor is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Exmoor had a school and post office at one time. The school was consolidated into Sweet Water High School in the 1920s.
Geography.
Exmoor is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588475" title="Tommy Brooks">
Tommy Brooks

Tommy Brooks (born in Knoxville, Tennessee) is a boxing trainer and a former boxer. He is best known as the trainer of Evander Holyfield.
Amateur Boxing Career.
As an amateur Brooks was the 1975 National AAU Middleweight champion.
Pro Boxing Career.
Brooks turned pro and had a reported career record of 7-3. After his boxing career he became a trainer.
Boxing Trainer.
Among the boxers/boxing world champions who have trained under Brooks at some point of their career are:

</doc>
<doc id="20588478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588478" title="Darci Vargas">
Darci Vargas

Darci Sarmanho Vargas (São Borja, December 12, 1895 – Rio de Janeiro, June 25, 1968) was the wife of Getúlio Vargas, former President of Brazil, and the First Lady of the country during two different periods (from 1930 to 1945 and from 1951 until her husband's suicide).
Darci and Getúlio Vargas, whom she married in March 1911, had five children. However, the president was an unfaithful husband. Aimée de Heeren, later the daughter-in-law of Fernanda Wanamaker, was reported to be one of his mistresses. 
She became a notable philanthropist and founded many charitable organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="20588482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588482" title="St. Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr Roman Catholic Church">
St. Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr Roman Catholic Church

The St. Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr Roman Catholic Church is a church located at 5818 Dubois Street in Detroit, Michigan. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
History.
In 1898, the parish of St. Stanislaus was established to relieve the overcrowding in the Polish congregation of at St. Albertus. A church and school were purchased for the parish from the Protestant Bethel Church, and in 1900 a new elementary school was constructed. Reverend F. G. Zella was assigned as the first pastor. However, between 1905-1910 the population of the church doubled, and a new church was desperately needed.
In 1911, work began on a magnificent Baroque church with a lavish Beaux Arts interior, which was completed in 1913. In 1921, a convent was built for the Felician Sisters who ran the school; seven years later, a high school was constructed. By the late 1940s, St. Stanislaus was the largest Polish parish school in Michigan.
After World War II, the demographics of the neighborhood changed as the Polish Catholics moved out of the city and into the suburbs; in addition, the construction of I-94 split the parish and displaced a number of families. Enrollment in the parish school declined, and the grade school was closed in 1968, the high school in 1973, and the convent demolished soon after.
The parish underwent a resurgence in the late 1970s, but the 1989 reorganization of the Archdiocese of Detroit eliminated the parish. The Archdiocese sold the structure to the congregation of Promise Land Missionary Baptist Church who lost it through foreclosure in September 2012. 
In January 2013, the church was for sale "as-is" for $79,000. It requires extensive work and several stained glass windows and other architectural elements had previously been removed. The school buildings house the Detroit Academy of Arts & Sciences and are were not affected by the foreclosure and sale.

</doc>
<doc id="20588501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588501" title="Claire Curran">
Claire Curran

Claire Curran (born 10 March 1978) is an ex-professional female tennis player from Belfast, Northern Ireland. Curran represented both Great Britain and Ireland in the Fed Cup during her career, where she has a win-loss record of 20–7. 
Curran specialised primarily in doubles and reached a career-high doubles world-ranking of 89, achieved on 30 January 2006. She won a total of 12 ITF titles over the course of her career and was a finalist in one WTA event. Curran retired from the sport in 2007 following 6 years of professional play. She suffered from problems with her hips for most of her career, which contributed to her decision to retire. Following her retirement she and Nigel Sears acted as coaches to former British No.1, Anne Keothavong.
Career.
Junior (1993–1996).
Claire competed on the junior ITF circuit from July 1993 to August 1996. As a singles competitor she won four titles ("The East of Ireland Junior Championships" three times from 1994 to 1996 and the "City of Dublin Junior Tournament" in 1996) and was the runner-up in one singles tournament (in the "East of Ireland Junior Championships" in 1993). She only once competed in a junior Grand Slam, at the 1996 Wimbledon juniors where she lost in the first round. She ended her junior career with a singles record of 33–16 and a career-high singles world-ranking of 93, achieved on 31 December 1995.
Curran also won the doubles title at "The East of Ireland Junior Championships" on three occasions, from 1994 to 1996. As a doubles competitor she reached a career-high world-ranking of 243, achieved on 31 December 1995 and a career win-loss doubles record of 14–12.
1993–1996.
Claire played her first adult match playing doubles for Ireland in the 1993 Fed Cup where she won her two doubles rubbers against competitors from Norway and Israel. She played no other adult events this year.
In 1994 she again competed in the Fed Cup for Ireland in doubles when she and Lesley O'Halloran were defeated by doubles teams from Slovakia and Zimbabwe. This was again the only adult event Claire played this year.
One year later she again competed in the Fed Cup for Ireland. She played a more prominent role this year however by competing in both singles and doubles, winning singles matches against players from Malta, Kenya and Cyprus and also winning two doubles rubbers partnering Lesley O'Halloran. Claire played no other adult events this year.
In 1996 she was not involved in doubles in the Fed Cup but she did win singles rubbers against Malta and Iceland as well as losing one to Ukraine. Curran also made her debut on the ITF circuit in 2006 in a $10,000 event in Dublin where she was beaten in the first round in both the singles and the doubles events (partnering Yvonne Doyle).
1997–2000.
In 1997, Claire competed in only one event. This was the $25,000 ITF tournament held in Dublin where she was beaten in the first round of the singles and the doubles.
This was again the only ITF event Curran participated in during 1998 and she again experienced first round losses in the singles and doubles competitions.
The one ITF event Curran entered in 1999 was a $10,000 ITF event in Hilton Head where she won four matches in the qualifying competition before losing just one match short of qualification. She went one step further in the doubles however when she and Esther Knox qualified before losing in round one.
In 2000, Curran teamed up with Australian Amy Jensen to reach the semifinals of a $10,000 event in Harrisonburg. The duo then received a wild card into the doubles competition in the US Open where they drew the formidable pairing of Martina Hingis and Mary Pierce in the first round. They gave the seeded pair a scare by taking the first set 6-4 however Hingis and Pierce came back strong to take the match, 6–4 0–6 1–6. She did not compete on the ITF or WTA tour again this season.
2001–2002.
Curran began 2001 with Teryn Ashley as her regular partner and with her she reached the semifinals of a $10,000 ITF in El Paso as qualifiers. They followed this success up with a tournament win in another $10,000 event in Lake Ozark, a run to the semifinals of Mount Pleasant ($25,000) and another run to the quarterfinals in Los Gatos ($50,000). July saw Curran team with Kristen Van Elden from Australia to reach the semifinals of Frinton ($10,000) before again joining with Ashley to reach the quarterfinals of a $10,000 event in Bath before having to retire from the tournament. Curran and Swedish, Helena Ejeson were runners-up in a $10,000 ITF in London in August and after this Curran played no more matches in 2001. She had a year-end doubles world-ranking of 375.
In January 2002, Claire reached the finals of a $10,000 ITF in Hull partnering fellow Irishwoman, Elsa O'Riain. They lost to Sun Tiantian and Zheng Jie, 6–7(4) 5–7. Curran then partnered Amanda Augustus to reach the final in the first week of a four-week $40,000 ITF circuit in Australia. They lost to Sarah Stone and Samantha Stosur before heading to the second week of this circuit and reaching the semifinals. In April she competed in doubles for Ireland in the Fed Cup where she and O'Riain won their three doubles rubbers in the Europe/Africa Group II round robins against Egypt, Finland and Botswana. They then went on to beat a doubles team from Liechtenstein in the promotion play-offs. Curran did not compete much more this year due to problems with injuries, having to retire from a number of matches. At the end of 2002 her doubles world-ranking had fallen to 562.
2003.
Curran teamed with O'Riain for her first four tournaments of the year (all $10,000 ITF), resulting in one title and three losses in the semifinals. In the Fed Cup, she and O'Riain were beaten by doubles teams from Netherlands and Great Britain but managed a victory against Poland. Following this she teamed up with Brit, Anna Hawkins, to reach the final of a $10,000 ITF in Bournemouth and then the final of a $10,000 in Edinburgh where the result was a walkover. Curran then went on to reach the semifinals in Dublin ($10,000) and win the event in London ($10,000), both partnering O'Riain. Helena Ejeson was again her partner in early September when the duo took the title in a $10,000 ITF in Sunderland. Claire teamed with İpek Şenoğlu for her next five tournaments and took one title ($25,000), reached two semifinals (both $25,000) and two quarterfinals (one $25,000 and one $50,000). Curran reached the quarterfinals of a $50,000 ITF in Shenzhen with Tzipi Obziler in her final tournament of the year. At the end of 2003, Curran's doubles world-ranking was up to 244.
2004.
Curran won her first three ITF event of the year and went on to reach the semifinals in her fourth, giving her a winning streak of 14 matches at the start of the season. In June she partnered Jane O'Donoghue in the qualifying tournament for Wimbledon where they lost in the first round but were given a spot in the main draw as lucky losers where they were beaten in straight sets. In August she took the title in Lexington ($50,000) with Natalie Grandin and the two of them were also runners up in their next event in Louisville and semifinalists in their next in The Bronx (both $50,000). Curran and Grandin then entered the tier III Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic where they were beaten in the first round by Gisela Dulko and Milagros Sequera, 0–6 1–6. In her final tournament of 2004, Curran partnered Senoglu again to reach the final of a $25,000 ITF in Glasgow. Her year-end doubles world-ranking was 163.
2005.
In February 2005, Curran partnered Kim Kilsdonk and the duo lost in the first round of the tier II event in Paris, the Open Gaz de France. They were beaten, 4–6 3–6, by Iveta Benešová and Květa Peschke. Following this they headed to Antwerp to compete in the Proximus Diamond Games, another tier II tournament. They won two matches to qualify and then went on to beat Francesca Lubiani and Marta Marrero in the first round, 6–3 7–6(3). They lost to Anabel Medina Garrigues and Dinara Safina, 4–6 2–6, in the quarterfinals. After this she reached a number of quarterfinals and semifinals of higher-level ITF events before winning in a $50,000 ITF in Saint-Gaudens (with Grandin) in May. This was followed by a run to the semifinals at the İstanbul Cup (tier III) partnering Kim Kilsdonk where they lost, 3–6 3–6, to Sandra and Daniela Klemenschits. June saw Curran and Grandin knocked out in the first round of the women's doubles at Wimbledon by Nadia Petrova and Meghann Shaughnessy. Curran then partnered Kilsdonk to reach the final at the $50,000 ITF in Pétange before reaching three successive WTA quarterfinals: the Budapest Grand Prix (with Rika Fujiwara), the Nordea Nordic Light Open (partnering María José Martínez Sánchez) and the Commonwealth Bank Tennis Classic (with Grandin). Curran ended the year with a doubles world-ranking of 107.
2006.
In Claire's first tournament of the year, she and Natalie Grandin teamed up to reach the quarterfinals in Auckland. Then, partnering Liga Dekmeijere, she reached the final of the Richard Luton Properties Canberra International, a WTA Tier IV event. They were defeated by Marta Domachowska and Roberta Vinci, 6–7(5) 3–6. This was followed by a number of first-round losses in WTA tournaments before she competed with Elena Baltacha in the Fed Cup representing Great Britain. They won their three doubles rubbers and then also went on to win their doubles rubber in the promotion play-offs. In June she joined Shenay Perry to reach the quarterfinals of the Hastings Direct International Championships where they were beaten by Liezel Huber and Martina Navrátilová, 4–6 2–6. She then competed in Wimbledon with Jamea Jackson but was again beaten in the first round. She did however reach the second round of the mixed doubles with James Auckland. After Wimbledon, Claire did not compete again in 2006 and her doubles world-ranking at the end of the year was 201.
2007.
In February 2007, Claire teamed with Anne Keothavong to win the title in London ($25,000 ITF) and in March, she and Melanie South were runners-up in another $25,000 ITF, this one in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. In April, Curran again teamed with Baltacha to represent Britain in the Fed Cup. They won doubles rubbers against Luxembourg and Bulgaria but lost one against Poland and also lost one in the promotion play-offs against Sweden. In July, Curran and Keothavong took on the might of Venus and Serena Williams in the first round of Wimbledon doubles and lost, 1–6 3–6. For the second year in a row she reached the second round of the mixed doubles with Auckland but after Wimbledon, decided that her career as a professional tennis player had come to an end due to a combination of injury problems and poor results.

</doc>
<doc id="20588504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588504" title="1989 Holiday Bowl">
1989 Holiday Bowl

The 1989 Holiday Bowl was a college football bowl game played December 30, 1989 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California. It was part of the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season. It featured the Penn State Nittany Lions, and the .
Game summary.
BYU quarterback Ty Detmer was marching the Cougars toward a game-winning touchdown in the closing seconds when he had the ball stripped by Penn State's Gary Brown, who returned it 53 yards for a touchdown to seal the Nittany Lion's victory.
Stealing the ball before Detmer could throw it was the only way he could be stopped by the Penn State defense. Detmer completed 42 of 59 passes for 576 yards, all Holiday Bowl records, and shared Offensive MVP honors with Penn State running back Blair Thomas, who rushed for a Holiday Bowl record 35 times for 186 yards.

</doc>
<doc id="20588507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588507" title="Edward Robert Robson">
Edward Robert Robson

Edward Robert Robson FRIBA FSA FSI (2 March 1836 – 19 January 1917) was an English architect famous for the progressive spirit of his London state-funded school buildings of the 1870s and early 1880s.
Born in Durham, he was the elder son of Robert Robson, a Durham Justice of the Peace. He apprenticed in Newcastle upon Tyne with John Dobson, who worked in a classicising, Italianate manner; he then worked under Sir George Gilbert Scott (1854–59) during the restoration of Durham Cathedral's tower, taking a break in 1858 for "extensive Continental travel", and went on to serve as architect in charge of the Cathedral for six years. He was also in partnership for a time prior to 20 August 1862 with John Wilson Walton (c. 1822–1910). His first church, St. Cuthbert's, Durham (1863), was inspired in part by the plain 13th-century church at Formigny, Normandy. For some time he served as architect and surveyor to the city of Liverpool, which served to give him sufficient experience when he was the surprising choice as chief architect for the newly erected School Board of London, in 1871. He became a fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects. Under the terms of the reforming Elementary Education Act 1870, a great number of new state-funded schools had to be built as quickly as possible, especially in the East End. Robson's experience, for which he travelled in the Continent for the most up-to-date school-planning ideas, was encapsulated in his "School Architecture" (1874). For the workload, he formed a partnership with J. J. Stevenson from 1871 until 1876. The schools themselves were of brick and architectural terracotta in the many-gabled free Anglo-Flemish Renaissance style known at the time as "Queen Anne style", which Robson chose as more suitably enlightened and secular than Gothic Revival and in which Stevenson had already shown himself proficient. 
During his years with the School Board, Robson designed several hundred schools in London, and after leaving the Board in 1884 he remained as consulting architect to the Education Department. 
His early connections with the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood may have made him an obvious choice in 1888 for remodelling some market buildings with great dispatch for the New Gallery, Regent Street, a venue for art of the Brotherhood and other progressive arts.
Robson also built the People's Palace, Stepney (1886, now a part of Queen Mary, University of London) as well as working on new school structures, notably Primrose Hill Infants' School and the Cheltenham Ladies' College (1896) and the Jews' Free School in Spitalfields (1904).
He married Marian, daughter of Henry Longden, of Sheffield, and "Who's Who" notes his recreations as "golf, bicycling, billiards". At the time of his death, he was a Fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects, the Society of Antiquaries of London, and the Chartered Surveyors' Institution.
In his later years he worked with his son, Philip Appleby Robson. He was twice offered a knighthood, which he refused. He died in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20588514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588514" title="Robert Smith (cricketer, born 1982)">
Robert Smith (cricketer, born 1982)

Robert Smith (born February 1, 1982) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Cumberland.
Smith made a single List A appearance for the team, in the Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy in August 2001. He scored 3 runs in his innings, as opponents Warwickshire CB won by a narrow margin, thanks mostly to a century from Jim Troughton.

</doc>
<doc id="20588519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588519" title="Nendrum Monastery">
Nendrum Monastery

Nendrum Monastery was a Christian monastery on Mahee Island in Strangford Lough, County Down, Northern Ireland. Medieval records say it was founded in the 5th century, but this is uncertain. The monastery came to an end at some time between 974 and 1178, but its church served a parish until the site was abandoned in the 15th century. Some remains of the monastery can still be seen.
History.
The island monastery of Nendrum was traditionally founded in the 5th century by Mochaoi, after whom Mahee Island is named, although a later date for the foundation has been suggested. Mo Chaoi, like the name of many Irish saints, is a pet-name. His proper name was Caolán and according to tradition he was appointed by St. Patrick. However, dendrochronology has dated a tide mill on the island to the year 619, making this the oldest excavated tide mill anywhere in the world. The monastic site included orchards, gardens, pastures, arable fields, and a guest-house.
In his "Ecclesiastical Antiquities of Down, Connor, and Dromore", William Reeves notes that several annals record the death of St Mochaoi of Nendrum at a variety of dates between 490 and 497. He considers that Nendrum was early chosen as the seat of a bishop, quoting the "Annals of Tigernach" and the "Annals of Ulster", both of which describe Cronan (died c. 640) as "bishop of Nendrum".
There are references to Nendrum in various sources, such as the "Annals of the Four Masters", between the 7th century and the year 974, when the Four Masters record that "Sedna Ua Demain, Abbot of Nendrum, was consumed in his own house". This is read as meaning that Sedna was burnt, perhaps during a Viking raid, and is the last heard of Nendrum in the annals. Reeves says – 
The English monks were Benedictines and founded a small cell on Mahee Island. However, in 1306 Nendrum was recorded as a parish church, and during the 15th century it was abandoned for a new site at the village of Tullynakill. The location of Nendrum was then lost until it was rediscovered in 1844 by William Reeves, who visited the island searching for the church recorded in 1306 and recognized the remains of a round tower.
Archaeology.
Since being excavated by H. C. Lawlor between 1922 and 1924, with the resulting finds now kept in the Ulster Museum, the site has been much restored. The rectangular building yielded about 30 slate tablets bearing Celtic designs. These 'trial-pieces' are now in the Ulster Museum along with a bell and a stone with an inscription in runes also from the site. Parts of the site were excavated later, by A. C. Thomas in 1954, by D. Waterman in the 1960s and by N. Brannon in 1979 and 1982. Lawlor's work was the first extensive excavation of such a large ecclesiastical site, and his technique has been criticized by modern standards, but one of the reasons for Nendrum's importance to archaeologists is that it is still the only major site of its kind which has been the subject of published excavation reports.
Features.
The principal monastic remains which can now be seen are three concentric cashels (enclosures) of dry stone walling, but these were substantially rebuilt by Lawlor in the 1920s. The central cashel has the round tower remains, a ruined church with a sun-dial, and a graveyard. The second cashel contains what is called a 'monastic school' or workshop and other burials.
The sun-dial now seen at one corner of the ruined church was reconstructed from fragments found during the excavation of the site in 1924 and has been dated to about the year 900. One of only a few early medieval sun-dials known to exist, it takes the form of a vertical stone pillar, 190 cm high, 40 cm wide and 15 cm thick, with the dial and gnomon on one face at the top. However, because of the nature of the reconstruction, the original height of the pillar is conjectural.
An annual service is now held by at least one local parish at the monastery, on Palm Sunday 
Tourism.
Mahee Island is within Strangford Lough, a body of water which has been designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The island is approached by narrow roads and causeways leading from the A22 road south of Comber, which is the road to Downpatrick.
A cottage was built on the island in the early 20th century and is now used as a visitor centre. The island is open daily from 10 am to 6 pm between Easter and 30 September, and from 12 pm to 4 pm on Sundays from October to Easter.

</doc>
<doc id="20588540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588540" title="Sam Dubbin">
Sam Dubbin

Samuel J. Dubbin (June 26, 1955–Present) is an American lawyer, public servant, and Holocaust Survivors' rights advocate. He is a principal in the law firm Dubbin & Kravetz, L.L.P., a former shareholder in the law firm Greenberg Traurig, and a former partner with Steel Hector & Davis. A Clinton Administration appointee, he served in the Department of Justice and Department of Transportation. He has received a Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rating of AV and is included in the Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers.
Sam Dubbin concentrates his practice in the areas of administrative, regulatory, and commercial litigation. He represents major national and regional companies, not-for-profit associations, governmental entities, and local businesses and individuals in commercial and real estate litigation, as well as matters involving antitrust law, transportation, business regulation, state and local taxation, state and federal safety regulation, public records and open meetings, and land use and zoning.
He is best known for his work representing Holocaust Survivors.
Education and Early Career.
Sam Dubbin received his bachelors degree in economics, magna cum laude, from Harvard College in 1977. In 1981, he graduated cum laude from the University of Miami School of Law, where he received the Harvey T. Reid Scholarship and served as an editor of the Law Review. After law school, Dubbin clerked for the Honorable James Lawrence King, United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, from 1981–1982.
Government and Community Service.
In 1996, Florida Governor Lawton Chiles appointed Dubbin to the Florida Transportation Commission, which provides policy guidance and financial oversight to the Florida Department of Transportation. He had previously served on the Florida Supreme Court Nominating Commission, also as an appointee of Governor Chiles. 
Dubbin also served from 1993–1996 as an official in the United States Departments of Justice and Transportation. He was Special Assistant to Attorney General Janet Reno and Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Policy Development in the Department of Justice, and later served as Chief Counsel to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) in the Department of Transportation. At NHTSA, Dubbin was the chief legal officer for the federal agency responsible for setting and enforcing motor vehicle safety and fuel economy standards, supervising rulemaking proceedings and litigation involving manufacturers, consumer groups, the insurance industry, and other interested parties.
He currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Greater Miami Jewish Federation, and served for over 8 years as the Chairman of the Federation’s Jewish Community Relations Council.
Holocaust Era Litigation.
Dubbin's chief undertaking has been fighting for the recognition of Holocaust Survivors' rights to regain assets lost to those who profited off the Holocaust. His firm Dubbin & Kravetz represents Holocaust Survivors and Survivor organizations, including The Holocaust Survivors Foundation USA, Inc., a national alliance of elected leaders of grassroots Holocaust survivor organizations with thousands of members in 15 states. 
Dubbin & Kravetz was one of three firms that successfully represented Hungarian Holocaust Survivors seeking restitution and an accounting against the United States government in the Hungarian Gold Train case, which was settled for $25.5 million in 2005 after nearly five years of litigation. The firm also currently represents Holocaust survivors and heirs of Holocaust victims in litigation against European insurance companies that failed to pay the proceeds of insurance policies issued prior to World War II in federal court litigation, and for recovery of other assets as well. 
Dubbin testified on the issue of unhonored insurance policies that were sold to Holocaust victims before the U.S. House Committee on Financial Services in February 2008, and before the U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations on May 6, 2008.
Awards and honors.
In 2006, Sam Dubbin was selected “Most Effective Lawyer” by the South Florida Daily Business Review in the class action field for his work on the Gold Train case. In March 2007, the University of Miami School of Law honored him with its “Alumni Achievement Award” for his work on behalf of the survivor community. In October 2007, Dubbin was the Guest of Honor at the annual Benefit Dinner of the Blue Card, Inc. a New York City social service organization that started assisting German Jews in the 1930s and has, since the end of World War II, provided vital financial support for thousands of Holocaust survivors in the United States. In 2008, he was honored by the Jewish Museum of Florida as one of seven outstanding Floridians for his service to the Jewish community and his work for Holocaust survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="20588568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588568" title="Unternehmen Reisebüro">
Unternehmen Reisebüro

The Unternehmen Reisebüro, also known as the Girrmann Group was one of the first and most influential groups helping people escape from East Berlin during the Cold War. It was started by students at the Eichkamp International student hostel of the Free University of West Berlin. The founders of the group were law students, Detlef Girrmann and Dieter Thieme. Their original purpose was to help their fellow students, but the program later expanded to helping anybody who had hopes of escaping East Berlin. Together these two students managed to set up an evolving network that helped thousands of East Berliners safely escape.
After they were banned from crossing on August 23, 1961 they used students with West Berlin or foreign passports to contact students in East Berlin and ask them if they wanted to escape.
Passports.
They searched out passports from foreign embassies and private citizens that could be used to help those wishing to escape. These students faced the extreme challenge of evading the Stasi and its spies. The punishments for trying to “flee the republic” were harsh, but these students were adamant in their resolve, and exceptional at deceiving the Stasi.
It was of course not without danger for the runner, or for the potential escaper, for if the "Stasi"...got wind of it, then both would be arrested and tried, the one as the escape organizer, the other for 'fleeing the Republic'. And so every runner visiting an 'ex-student' had to have a harmless story ready, a reason why he was visiting, e.g. to ask whether the 'ex' wanted to give him a final term paper, or whether the 'ex' could, despite everything, come to the West of the city for a meeting with their professor. The fake story had to be absolutely credible, but also sufficiently harmless, so that the runner looked at worst like a well-meaning idiot and never as a 'criminal' (in the East's jargon). Only when you were certain that no unwanted other was listening in, or the runner could be sure that the 'ex' was 'safe', e.g. not a spy or someone who had meanwhile been 'turned' by the "Stasi", only then could you go very cautiously to the next stage...
Sewer system.
The sewer system was created before the Soviet occupation, and as such had no barriers between East and West. The first major attempt to use the sewers was not made by the Girrmann group, but instead a group of West Berlin high school seniors likewise attempting to free their school friends. 
After their apparent success the Girrmann group commandeered the path and refined the process with professionalism. They executed a complicated plan that included two students, Dieter Wohlfahrt and a student codenamed ‘Langer’ (tall in German). ‘Langer’ would ride a Vespa to the East, and Wohlfahrt would drive a vehicle over the top of the manhole cover (to conceal the activity below). They then together would remove the manhole cover and wait for the first groups assigned to come. After the first group entered into the sewers, ‘Langer’ would ride back to West Berlin and inform them that the first group was on the way. After the last group and a few extra minutes for latecomers, Wohlfahrt would close the sewer cover and drive back to West Berlin. This plan was effective, efficient, and simple. The West German senator Lipschitz provided the volunteers with the same wading boots that the Berlin department of sanitation used for working in the sewers.
Like the plan with the passport, this plan ended prematurely on the fifth night of operation on October 12, 1961. Around midnight an unfamiliar vehicle raced toward the last man. The vehicle abruptly stopped and armed Vopos exited the car and began searching all of the manholes. Luckily everyone escaped without any casualties or wounds. However, the Vopos replaced the sewer covers with hacksaw-proof covers shortly after this incident.
Afterwards.
The Girrmann Group faded out after the sewers, but they were possibly the most successful organization at helping East Berliners escape with roughly 5,000 reported successful attempts in 1961 alone.

</doc>
<doc id="20588571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588571" title="Stephanie Gillis">
Stephanie Gillis

Stephanie Gillis is an American television writer. She currently works on "The Simpsons" and has written eight episodes: "See Homer Run", "Midnight Towboy", "The Burns and the Bees", "Once Upon a Time in Springfield", "Moe Letter Blues", "Replaceable You", "A Tree Grows in Springfield" and "Homerland".
Gillis currently lives in Los Angeles, California with her husband, fellow "The Simpsons" writer Al Jean. The two were wed in Enniskerry, Ireland in 2002.
Awards and nominations.
Gillis has received an Emmy Award nomination, four Writer's Guild of America Award nominations, an Environmental Media Award nomination and an Annie Award nomination. 
She was nominated for Writers Guild of America Awards in 2006 for "See Homer Run", in 2009 as a member of The Simpsons staff, in 2010 for "The Burns and the Bees" and in 2011 for "Moe Letter Blues".
In 2009, Gillis was nominated for an Environmental Media Award for the episode "The Burns and the Bees." 
She was nominated for an Emmy in 2010 for the episode "Once Upon a Time in Springfield." Anne Hathaway received an Emmy for Outstanding Voiceover for her performance in "Once Upon a Time in Springfield." 
In 2013, Gillis was nominated for an Annie Award for the episode "A Tree Grows in Springfield" and is the winner of the 2013 Sierre / DreamAgo Villa Ruffieux Residency Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20588575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588575" title="Mo-Do">
Mo-Do

Mo-Do is the pseudonym used by the Italian musician Fabio Frittelli (24 July 1966 – 6 February 2013). Mo-Do appeared in the 1990s as an Italian techno band. Despite being Italian, Mo-Do's songs are in German.
Origin of the name.
The name "Mo-Do" is claimed to originate from the two first letters of Frittelli's birth-town (Monfalcone) and the day of his birth ("Domenica", i.e. Sunday in Italian).
Career.
Mo-Do was formed when Frittelli met the producer Claudio Zennaro. Other producers who worked with Frittelli (sometimes quoted as members of the group) were Fulvio Zafret, Mario Pinosa and Sergio Portaluri.
Mo-Do is probably best known from the single "Eins, Zwei, Polizei" (co-produced with Zennaro and Zafret) which reached #1 in the German, Austrian and Italian music charts.
Death.
On 7th February 2013, Fabio Fritelli was found dead at his home in Italy. Police ruled that suicide was the cause of death.

</doc>
<doc id="20588590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588590" title="Maxime Guillaume">
Maxime Guillaume

In aerospace, Maxime Guillaume held a French patent for a turbojet engine in 1921.
The first patent for using a gas turbine to power an aircraft was filed in 1921 by Frenchman Maxime Guillaume. ," French patent no. 534,801 (filed: 3 May 1921; issued: 13 January 1922). His engine was to be an axial-flow turbojet, but was never constructed, as it would have required considerable advances over the state of the art in compressors.

</doc>
<doc id="20588598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588598" title="Dark Victory (book)">
Dark Victory (book)

Dark Victory is a 2003 Australian book by David Marr and Marian Wilkinson. The book was released eighteen months into the Howard Government's third term, and analyses the border control policy of the John Howard Liberal–National Government. The Tampa affair, the Pacific solution, the Children Overboard affair are discussed. The book investigates other countries' views of Australia and the role of the Australian Labor Party and One Nation party.

</doc>
<doc id="20588605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588605" title="Osman Nuri Eralp">
Osman Nuri Eralp

Osman Nuri Eralp (1876 – 1940, İstanbul) was a Turkish veterinarian, veterinary scientist and microbiologist.
Eralp was born in İstanbul, then in the Ottoman Empire, and now in Turkey. He completed his university education at "Mekteb-i Tıbbiye-i Mülkiye" which was the medical school of Darülfünun (House of Multiple Sciences, name of Istanbul University in Ottoman era). He—for to continue studying for a post-graduate qualification—attended Sorbonne and Pasteur Institute. After graduation he both worked as a veterinarian and continued researches. After 1908 he worked as a full-time academic in Istanbul University and Ankara University. He lectured histology and embryology.
He contributed importantly to bacteriology and virology via his remarkable researches. His works especially focused on tuberculosis, anthrax, cholera, syphilis, gonorrhea, rinderpest, and all microorganisms living in or transmitted by milk.

</doc>
<doc id="20588606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588606" title="Nahani">
Nahani

Nahani (Nahane, Nahanni) is an Athapaskan word used to designate native groups located in British Columbia, the Northwest Territories and the Yukon Territory between the upper Liard River and the 64th parallel north latitude. While these native groups do not necessarily have anything in common, the Canadian government used the term "Nahani" until the 1970s to refer to them collectively. They were divided into several tribes:
Currently these groups are identified as Southern Tutchone and Kaska language speakers. In 1996, there were 2,407 registered Nahani in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20588638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588638" title="Richard Billows">
Richard Billows

Richard Billows is a professor of history at Columbia University. His specialty is the Classical Mediterranean, especially the Hellenistic World post-Alexander. He holds an undergraduate degree in History from Oxford University, and a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley. His scholarly works include "Antigonos the One-Eyed and the Creation of the Hellenic State" and ""Marathon - How One Battle Changed Western Civilization"" He has long taught Columbia's undergraduate survey course in Ancient Greek History.

</doc>
<doc id="20588642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588642" title="Sinkor">
Sinkor

Sinkor is a section of the Monrovia metropolitan area in Liberia. It is the location of the Spriggs Payne Airport. United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) has its headquarters in Sinkor. Embassies, health facilities, and educational institutions, and non-governmental organizations are also in Sinkor.
Tubman Boulevard is the main thoroughfare in Sinkor, which connects the neighborhood to the Capitol Hill area and Monrovia's downtown. The neighborhood is considered to be bounded by UNMIL headquarters to the west and the Spriggs Payne airport to the east.
Commerce.
Sinkor is the headquarters of the Liberian Bank for Development and Infrastructure (LBDI), the Comium and Lonestar telecommunications companies, and many other businesses. The Royal Hotel and Great Wall Hotel in Sinkor provide accommodations primarily to Western and Chinese visitors, respectively.
Government.
Sinkor is home to Liberia's National Investment Commission and National Elections Commission. The Elections Commission building was reconstructed in 2009, funded by USAID.
History.
On July 29 and 30, 1990, members of the Armed Forces of Liberia murdered 600 people who sought refuge in St. Peter's Lutheran Church in Sinkor, in an effort to systematically kill suspected political opponents during the First Liberian Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20588658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588658" title="Vishnu Smriti">
Vishnu Smriti

The Vishnu Smriti (IAST: ) is one of the latest books of the Dharmaśāstra tradition in Hinduism and the only one which does not deal directly with the means of knowing dharma. The text has a strong bhakti orientation, requiring daily puja to the god Vishnu. It is also known for its handling of the controversial subject of the practice of sati (the burning of a widow on her husband’s funeral pyre). A Banaras pandit, Nadapandita, was the first to write a commentary on the Vishnu Smriti in 1622, but the book was not translated into English until 1880 by Julius Jolly.
Source, authority and dating.
It is commonly agreed upon that the Vishnu Smriti relies heavily on previous Dharmashastra texts, such as the Manusmriti and Yajnavalkya smrti. However, some scholars see it as a Vaishnava recast of the Kathaka Dharmasutra while others say that the Kathakagrhya and metrical verses were added later. Precise dating eludes scholars, with limits being placed anywhere between 300BCE and 1000CE. 
According to the latest research by Olivelle, there is reason to doubt the likelihood of repeated editing and revising. He argues that the Vishnu Smriti is the work of a single Brahmin expert in the Dharmaśāstra tradition and also a devotee of Vishnu. Olivelle shows that the text was very likely composed between 700 and 1000CE, based on several factors: 1) the centrality of written documents and events which occurred in the Common Era being cited within the text, 2) the vocabulary used (for example, the word "pustaka," which was first used by a sixth-century astronomer), 3) the fact that the Vishnu Smriti is the only Dharmaśāstra to mention satī or to deal comprehensively with tīrthas, and 4) unique iconographic correlations between descriptions of Vaishnava images in the text and specimens found only after the eighth century in Kashmir.
Structure.
The Vishnu Smriti is divided into one hundred chapters, consisting mostly of prose text but including one or more verses at the end of each chapter. The premise of the narration is a frame story dialogue between the god Vishnu and the goddess Earth (Prithvi). This frame story remains present throughout the text, unlike many Dharmaśāstras where the simple expounding of laws takes over for the majority of the books. 
The text begins when Vishnu realizes that Earth is submerged underwater. He dives in to rescue her, lifting her up out of the water and exposing her surface. Earth is grateful but worries who will continue to support her in the future. Vishnu then assures her that she should not worry because, “Good people who take delight in the conduct of the social classes and the orders of life who are totally devoted to the śāstras, O Earth, will support you. The task of caring for you is entrusted to them.” (1.47). Having been comforted, the Earth continues, asking, “Tell me, O Eternal One, the Laws of the social classes and orders of life.” (1.48-1.49). From this question, Vishnu then launches into his teachings of dharma.
Content.
The following is a breakdown of the subjects discussed in each of the 100 chapters of the Vishnu Smriti:

</doc>
<doc id="20588670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588670" title="2009 Capital One Bowl">
2009 Capital One Bowl

The 2009 Capital One Bowl was held on January 1, 2009 at the Citrus Bowl in Orlando, Florida. The Georgia Bulldogs of the Southeastern Conference defeated the Michigan State Spartans of the Big Ten Conference by a score of 24–12. The game was televised to a national audience on ABC. The game was supposed to be a "showdown" between MSU RB Javon Ringer and Georgia RB Knowshon Moreno, but both players combined for only 43 carries and 109 yards, with Ringer scoring on a rushing touchdown and Moreno on a receiving.
Game summary.
First half.
The Bulldogs scored the first points of the game when Blair Walsh connected on a 32 yd field goal early in the first quarter. Michigan State would answer with a 20-yard field goal by Brett Swenson with 4:50 left in the first quarter. The Spartans would take the lead late in the second quarter with a 32 yd field goal of their own. Despite multiple turnovers neither Michigan State or Georgia could score a touchdown in the first half and Michigan State would take a 6–3 lead into halftime.
Second half.
Both teams continued to struggle offensively until Georgia drove 96 yards and scored on a Matthew Stafford 35-yard touchdown pass to Michael Moore with 3:31 left in the third quarter. After forcing Michigan State to punt on their next possession, Georgia would score another touchdown off a 21 yard Matthew Stafford pass, this time to Aron White right before the end of the third quarter. Michigan State would pull within a touchdown after Javon Ringer finally found the end zone for the Spartans with 8:50 left in the fourth quarter. Michigan State attempted a two-point conversion to try to pull within three points of Georgia, however the attempt failed with an incomplete pass. This made the score 17–12. 
After a short possession by Georgia, Michigan State would get the ball back and would drive into Georgia territory, but turned the ball over on a failed Fourth down conversion attempt. Georgia would seal the game when Knowshon Moreno scored on a 21-yard touchdown pass from Stafford with just 3:43 left in the fourth quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="20588684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588684" title="Under Summer Sun">
Under Summer Sun

Under Summer Sun is the fourth studio album released by the American singer-songwriter Matt Wertz.

</doc>
<doc id="20588699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588699" title="November 15, 2008 anti-Proposition 8 protests">
November 15, 2008 anti-Proposition 8 protests

On November 15, 2008, thousands of people in cities across the United States and ten other countries protested California voters' approval of Proposition 8, which changed the state Constitution to restrict the definition of marriage to opposite-sex couples and eliminated same-sex couples' right to marry. The demonstrations were organized by Join the Impact, a grassroots group that emerged in light of the election results.
Notable events.
Comedian Wanda Sykes, who stars in the CBS sitcom "The New Adventures of Old Christine", came out as lesbian to a crowd of 1,000 at a rally held in Las Vegas, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20588702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588702" title="Deline">
Deline

The Charter Community of Délįne (pronounced "day-li-neh") is located in the Sahtu Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada on the western shore of Great Bear Lake and is northwest of Yellowknife. Délįne means "where the waters flow", a reference to the headwaters of the Great Bear River, Sahtúdé.
History.
According to early records, a trading post was established in this general area as early as 1799 by the North West Company but it did not last very many years. In 1825, Peter Warren Dease of the Hudson's Bay Company erected an outpost here as the staging area and winter quarters for Sir John Franklin's second Arctic expedition (1825-1827). It became known as Fort Franklin. Deline is sometimes considered the birthplace of hockey. Sir John Franklin's diary records that his men played ice sports very similar to what we now call hockey. The HBC returned and established a post called "Fort Norman" a short distance west, and across the lake narrows, from John Franklin's original post, between 1863 and 1869, and then relocated Fort Norman to its current location at the confluence of the Mackenzie and Bear Rivers (now Tulita). 
Fort Franklin as a modern era trading post of the HBC was not established until later in the 19th century. It was constructed at one of the most productive Dene fisheries in the Mackenzie River drainage basin and was for the benefit of the Dene people who lived in near isolation along the shores of Great Bear Lake.
The area became prominent when pitchblende was discovered at the Eldorado Mine, some away, on the eastern shore, at Port Radium. During World War II, the Canadian Government took over the mine and began to produce uranium for the then-secret American nuclear bomb project. Uranium product was transported from Port Radium by barge across Great Bear Lake where a portage network was established along the Bear River, across the bay from Fort Franklin, where many of the Dene men found work. As the risks associated with radioactive materials were not well understood nor communicated, it is believed that many of the Dene were exposed to dangerous amounts of radiation.
The name of Fort Franklin was changed on 1 June 1993 to Délįne, which means "where the waters flow", a reference to the headwaters of the Great Bear River, Sahtúdé.
Archaeology.
John Franklin's 1825-1827 outpost was excavated by the Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre in 1987. The excavation uncovered beads, rings, and buttons indicating the extent of trade between the Dene and Europeans. The site is protected by the Northwest Territories Archaeological Sites Regulations. In 1996, the site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
Land claims.
Délįne is represented by the Deline First Nation and belongs to the Sahtu Dene Council. Through the council they completed negotiations with the Government of Canada for a comprehensive land claim settlement in 1993.
Demographics.
The population as of the 2011 Census was 472, a decrease of 10.1% from the 2006 Census. In the 2006 Census there 495 Aboriginal people made up of 465 North American Indians, Sahtu Dene people speaking North Slavey, 15 Métis people and 15 Inuit. In 2012 the Government of the Northwest Territories reported that the population was 559 with an average yearly growth rate of -0.1% from 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20588710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588710" title="Simon Philbrook">
Simon Philbrook

Simon Philbrook (born October 11, 1965) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Cumberland. He was born in Luton, Bedfordshire.
Philbrook made a single List A appearance for the team during the 1986 NatWest Trophy competition. Batting in the middle order, he scored 14 not out in the only innings in which he batted.
Philbrook continued to represent Cumberland in the Minor Counties Championship until 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20588715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588715" title="Heinrich Marx">
Heinrich Marx

Heinrich Marx (15 April 1777, Saarlouis – 10 May 1838, Trier) was a lawyer and the father of the socialist philosopher Karl Marx. 
Life.
Heinrich Marx was born Herschel Mordechai, to Marx Levy Mordechai (1743–1804) and Eva Lwow (1753–1823). Heinrich Marx's father was the rabbi of Trier, a role which his older brother would later assume.
Heinrich Marx qualified as a lawyer in 1814, but upon Napoleon's 1815 defeat at Waterloo, the Rhineland came into the conservative control of the Kingdom of Prussia, from its more detached French administration. Prussia was a Christian state which claimed to be based on the divine right of kings, and had Christian churches answerable to its political leadership. An 1812 edict, unenforced by the French, asserted that Jews could not occupy legal positions or state offices, and Prussian enforcement of the law led to trouble for Heinrich Marx.
Marx's colleagues, including the President of the Provincial Supreme court, defended him and sought an exception for him. The Prussian Minister of Justice rejected their appeals. In 1817 or 1818, Marx converted to the Evangelical (Lutheran) Church. His wife and children were baptized in 1825 and 1824, respectively.
Isaiah Berlin writes of Heinrich Marx that he believed
that man is by nature both good and rational, and that all that is needed to ensure triumph of these qualities is the removal of artificial obstacles from his path. They were disappearing already, and disappearing fast, and the time was rapidly approaching when the last citadels of reaction, the Catholic Church and the feudal nobility, would melt away before the irresistible march of reason...
Born a Jew, a citizen of inferior legal and social status, he had attained to equality with his more enlightened neighbours, had earned their respect as a human being, and had become assimilated into what appeared to him as their more rational and dignified mode of life.
Heinrich Marx became a passionate Prussian patriot and monarchist who educated his family as liberal Lutherans.
Relationship with Karl Marx.
Heinrich had his son educated at home until the age of twelve. After graduating from the Trier Gymnasium, Karl enrolled in the University of Bonn in 1835 at the age of seventeen; he wished to study philosophy and literature, but his father insisted on law as a more practical field of study. At Bonn, Karl joined the Trier Tavern Club drinking society (Landsmannschaft der Treveraner) and at one point served as its president. Because of Marx's poor grades, his father forced him to transfer to the far more serious and academically-oriented University of Berlin, where his legal studies became less significant than excursions into philosophy and history.

</doc>
<doc id="20588717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588717" title="A-PAC">
A-PAC

A-PAC ( ; Australian Public Affairs Channel) is an Australian 24 hour cable and satellite news channel available on Foxtel and Austar platforms. On 15 November 2009, A-PAC's channel location for Foxtel changed from Channel 607 to Channel 648.
History.
A-PAC is a public affairs television network in Australia (initially launched as "A-SPAN"). The network is funded by Pay TV company Foxtel and is produced by Sky News. The channel officially launched on the morning of 20 January 2009 (Australian time), just in time to cover the inauguration of US President Obama using a feed from U.S. cable channel, C-SPAN. It is similarly named to the comparable CPAC channel.
The channel is available on Australian subscription television services and online. It claims to work with free-to-air television organisations, but itself is not available as a free-to-air channel. The channel format is modelled on the American public affairs network C-SPAN. A-PAC content features live broadcasts from Australia's Parliament House in Canberra (including sittings of the House of Representatives, the Senate, parliamentary Committee meetings and political press conferences), the parliaments of New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland as well as sittings of the United States Congress, live broadcasts of speeches from the Australian National Press Club and a program which provides coverage of the New Zealand and British parliaments. Material from the United Nations and the European Parliament will also be carried.
In December 2008, then Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd hailed the creation of the network as being "good for our democracy" given the lack of such raw access prior to its founding.
A-PAC began Widescreen broadcasting along with sister channels Sky News Business Channel and Sky News Australia on Sunday, 17 May.
APAC content is streamed on the internet in Windows Media (wmv) formats with a choice of 160 kbit/s and 2 Mbit/s streaming bit rates. However, availability of the internet-streamed content is limited. The wmv-only format means that APAC content cannot be streamed on popular mobile phones such as the iPhone. The audio channel is not streamed separately (as an audio stream), further limiting the potential audience.
In February 2014 A-PAC held a "relaunch" including a revamped website and new a weekly newsletter, and respected SKY News presenter Helen Dalley was appointed as channel host. Ms. Dalley said:
“A-PAC is special because it’s a complete and uninterrupted view of democracy in action. It is essentially current affairs television without a filter, giving viewers access to local and national events that they might otherwise not be able to engage with. It also brings parliament to the people daily with a full Live broadcast that doesn’t stop at question time.”
Channel Manager of A-PAC, Jana Bellamy said: “A-PAC is unique in its ability to showcase long form political and current affairs programming and uninterrupted Federal, State and Territory politics.
“We are thrilled to have someone as highly regarded as Helen Dalley on board in what is a big year for the channel. Helen’s political and business background makes her the perfect person to align with A-PAC whose core business is to encourage debate and discussion on national affairs and politics.”

</doc>
<doc id="20588731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588731" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Beaver County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Beaver County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Beaver County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 20 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Three sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks.

</doc>
<doc id="20588755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588755" title="Express 37">
Express 37

The Express 37 is a light displacement sloop designed by Carl Schumacher. It was built by Terry Alsberg at the Alsberg Brothers Boatworks in Santa Cruz, California from 1984 to 1988. The Express 37 finished first, second and third in its debut at the 1985 Transpac.
The later Mk II version has a taller rig, an updated keel and rudder and a more cruising oriented interior. The Express 37 one design class association races the original Mk I rig.

</doc>
<doc id="20588762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588762" title="2001 Toronto Rock season">
2001 Toronto Rock season

The Toronto Rock are a lacrosse team based in Toronto playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2001 season was the 4th in franchise history and 3rd as the Rock.
The Rock continued its dynasty on top of the NLL standings, finishing first in its division for the third straight year. The Rock beat the Washington Power in the semifinals, to advance to the championship game. However they lost to the Philadelphia Wings and failed in their attempt at three consecutive championships.
Regular season.
Game log.
Reference: 
Playoffs.
Game log.
Reference: 
Player stats.
Runners (Top 10).
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals Against; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"

</doc>
<doc id="20588769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588769" title="Battle of Shantou (1927)">
Battle of Shantou (1927)

The Battle of Shantou (a treaty port long romanised as Swatow) occurred in SeptemberOctober 1927 during the first phase of the Chinese Civil War.
Battle.
Time & place.
From the morning of September30 to the evening of October1, 1927, around Tangkeng Town in the Meizhou-Chaozhou border hills.
Opponents.
A Guangdong warlord force of 15,000 troops allied with the emergent Right-Kuomintang under Jiang KaiShek, well-entrenched and supplied blocking the march of the Nanchang mutineers, led by Comintern advisors and Communist Party of China members, toward the resupply of Shantou by a Soviet ship with the ultimate aim of seizing Guangzhou for the emergent Left-Kuomintang government then established in Hankou, Hubei.
After the rigours of the two-month Little Long March, there were only 5,000 troops available for this Comintern mission. Ye Ting and He Long had most of the force. Zhu De's section was charged with protecting the march's north flank.
CPC founding member Zhang Tailei arrived from Hong Kong with a new Comintern directive: there would be no arms shipment coming into Shantou. The troops were to avoid combat and retreat into the hills south and west of that port, there to proclaim the Haifeng Soviet.
Outcome.
Left-KMT troops saw 40% of there number killed in action during the two days' of fighting. Ye Ting took his surviving troops to Haifeng where they enforced the return to local power of Peng Pai. He Long had no men at his disposal and barely escaped; Zhu De led his survivors northwest into Hunan, He Long's old bandit-ground.
With Right-KMT-allied warlord troops closing in, CPC leaders Zhou, Li and Zhang slipped out of the now-hopeless Shantou port area and eventually returned to Shanghai, the latter two by way of Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="20588776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588776" title="Lafayette Blanchard Gleason">
Lafayette Blanchard Gleason

Lafayette Blanchard Gleason (May 30, 1863 - October 24, 1937) was the secretary of the Republican State Committee of New York from 1906 to 1937, and he was also the General Secretary for seven Republican National Conventions.

</doc>
<doc id="20588784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588784" title="Thodasa Roomani Ho Jaayen">
Thodasa Roomani Ho Jaayen

Thodasa Roomani Ho Jayen is a Hindi movie directed by Amol Palekar and released in 1990. It features Anita Kanwar, Nana Patekar and Vikram Gokhale as major actors. This movie has become a part of management courses and study pertaining to human behaviour.
The movie has a lot of poetry within itself. Anita Kanwar is an unconventional girl lacking confidence. All people around her including her father and brothers keep advising her 'how she should be'. Then, a magician who can bring rain comes to their lives. He helps her to realize the potential of believing. He brings back beauty and confidence to Anita Kanwar. Now, she realizes altogether a different life, just because of believing or changing perception.
Songs and Dialogues.
(Bim: Do raato ke bich ek chhota sa din bechara hai...kya kare?
Barishkar: Ummh...Do dino ke bich ek chhoti si raat. Raat ke idhar ek din, raat ke udhar ek din. 
Din to hai do, bas raat ek hai. Karlo jo chaho, ban lo jo chaho!
Aaj hai tumhara, aur Kal bhi tumyara hai!
Bim: Do ghaato ke bhic ek patli si dhaara hai...kya kare?
Barishkar: Ghaat nahi chalte, dhara chalti hai. 
Patli si dhara chal ke samandar se milti hai. 
Samandar se milti hai, milke kho jaati hai. 
Ghaat "Ghaat" hi rehte hai...wo "Samandar" ho jaati hai!)
Samandar ko baandhe aisa koi ghaat nahi, 
Kadmo ko thame aisi koi baat nahi.
(Barishkar: Karlo jo chaho, ban lo jo chaho!
Tum kar nahi sakte aisa kahi kuchh bhi nahi.
Isliye ye na kehna kabhi...kya karu...kaise karu.
Mein kar sakta hoon, Mein karta hoon, Muze karna hi hai, Mein karunga.
Bim: Mein kar sakta hoon, Mein karta hoon, Muze karna hi hai, Mein karunga. (2)
Yea! Main kar nahi sakta nahi aisa kahi kuch bhi nahi.)
Samandar ko baandhe aisa koi ghaat nahi, 
Kadmo ko thame aisi koi baat nahi.
Patli si dhaara, jaake samandar se milti hai, 
Samandar se milti hai, Aur milke kho jaati hai
Ghaat "Ghaat" hi rehte hai...wo "Samandar" ho jaati hai!
Details.
The movie was shot in Panchmarhi in Madhya Pradesh
External links.
Movie was released on Aug.23 1990.Date can be verified from the certificate shown in the beginning of film.

</doc>
<doc id="20588787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588787" title="Cerro Carnerero Formation">
Cerro Carnerero Formation

The Cerro Carnerero Formation is a geological formation in South America. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20588805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588805" title="Tasmalira">
Tasmalira

Tasmalira is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiidae, the cerithids.
Species.
Species within the genus "Tasmalira" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20588821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588821" title="Half Chance, Alabama">
Half Chance, Alabama

Half Chance is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama.
Geography.
Half Chance is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588832" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bedford County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bedford County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Bedford County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 31 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Three sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks. Another 2 properties were once listed but have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="20588835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588835" title="Turra di a Calanca">
Turra di a Calanca

The Turra di a Calanca is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Olmeto in the "département" of Corse-du-Sud, Corsica, France.
The tower is not open to the public but is used as rented tourist accommodation. 
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588843" title="Torra di a Castagna">
Torra di a Castagna

The Torra di a Castagna is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Coti-Chiavari.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588844" title="Torra di a Parata">
Torra di a Parata

The Torra di a Parata is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Ajaccio.
This tower was built circa 1550 by Dumenicu d’Urnanu and Girolamo da Levante, on the Pointe de la Parata, facing the Îles Sanguinaires archipel.
It is also known as "a torra di a Sanguinara di terra" (Land Sanguinaire tower), in opposite of Torra di Castelluchju, "a torra di a Sanguinara di mari" (Sea Sanguinaire tower).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588849" title="Hampden, Alabama">
Hampden, Alabama

Hampden is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Hampden had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Hampden is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588851" title="Torra d'Agnellu">
Torra d'Agnellu

The Torra d'Agnellu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Rogliano (Haute-Corse).
The Torra d'Agnellu was built at the end of the 16th century.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588853" title="Torra d'Albu">
Torra d'Albu

The Torra d'Albu () is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Ogliastro.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20588857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588857" title="Torra d'Allistru">
Torra d'Allistru

The Torra d'Allistru is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Canale-di-Verde (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588867" title="Torra d'Ampuglia">
Torra d'Ampuglia

The Torra d'Ampuglia is a tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Pietracorbara. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588869" title="Torra d'Ancone">
Torra d'Ancone

The Torra d'Ancone is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Calcatoggio.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588871" title="RPX Corporation">
RPX Corporation

RPX Corporation () is a provider of patent risk management services, offering defensive buying, acquisition syndication, patent intelligence and advisory services. Since the company was founded in March, 2008, RPX claims to have introduced efficiency to the patent market by providing a rational alternative to litigation. Based in San Francisco, RPX's approach combines principal capital, deep patent expertise, and client contributions to generate enhanced patent buying power. By acquiring patents that pose potential problems and providing valuable intelligence to its clients, RPX seeks to reduce patent assertions directed at its growing client network.
An important component of RPX's market-based solution to the patent litigation problem is its Defensive Patent Aggregation. The RPX defensive patent aggregation service was created to mitigate clients’ risk of litigation from non-practicing entities (NPEs) – also called patent trolls – which acquire patents for the sole purpose of licensing and asserting their patent rights.
RPX identifies and purchases patent assets they identify as of high value, relevance and risk that could be used offensively against members of the company's client network. Depending on the situation, RPX may acquire assets from a third party or directly from an NPE. When necessary and possible, RPX will buy patent rights out of an active litigation.
RPX promises to never assert or litigate the patents in its portfolio.
Business.
RPX's service is designed to mitigate members’ litigation risk and costs from NPEs by purchasing patent rights off the open market.
RPX clients receive a license to all of the patents and associated rights aggregated in the RPX portfolio. Over time, RPX clients receive perpetual license to the patents held when they became members or purchased after they joined, as well as any patents sold during their membership.
The service is structured on an annual membership. Fees range from $65,000 to $6.9 million depending on company size. Annual membership fees may increase each year to account for the growing value of the RPX portfolio, but early-joining members lock in a lower rate. Companies that join the RPX client network later receive the same benefits, however must pay the then-current rates.
Since the company was founded in March 2008, RPX has invested more than $490 million in over 2,900 patents and patent rights in the consumer electronics, personal computing, e-commerce, software, gaming, media, media distribution, handsets, networking, semiconductors, mobile, Internet search and RFID markets, and has resolved 23 litigations for its clients resulting in more than 160 dismissals.
RPX has recently emphasized additional data services it provides to its membership. RPX CEO John Amster describes the RPX "client portal" as "the most complete integration of data available anywhere today related to patents and patent submits patents available for sale, historical and current patent litigation and MPEs "RPX's CEO Discusses Q3 2012 Results</ref> however the product is not publicly available (exclusive to RPX members) and, as a results, it has yet to be seen how the RPX portal compares to other services. 
As of February 2014, RPX has 168 clients in its client network.
History.
RPX was founded in 2008 by John Amster and Geoffrey Barker. The company was initially financed by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Charles River Ventures, and Index Ventures.
In its first year, RPX generated $0.8 million revenue in that year. Revenue grew to $32.8 million in 2009, reaching profitability. In the first nine months of 2010 RPX earned $10 million in profit on $65.2 million in revenue.
RPX filed an S1 on January 21, 2011 and RPX began publicly trading on the NASDAQ exchange as "RPXC" in May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20588872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588872" title="The Sin (2005 film)">
The Sin (2005 film)

The Sin is 2005 Thai erotic film aka "Jara Dara 2" directed by Ong-Art Singlumpong.

</doc>
<doc id="20588873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588873" title="Torra d'Appiettu">
Torra d'Appiettu

The Torra d'Appiettu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Appietto (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588875" title="Kalos ilthe to dollario">
Kalos ilthe to dollario

Kalos ilthe to dollario (Greek: , Welcome the Dollar) is a 1967 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios.
The film stars Giorgos Konstantinou, Anna Kalouta and Sotiris Moustakas.
Plot.
The shy and decent English tutor Filippos Angeloutsos needs to supplement his meager paychecks because of price hikes in the 6th American Fleet in the Port of Piraeus. He shared his proposal with "madame" Foulis, who teaches English to the girls at the Blue Black bar in Troubas. Filippos esteemed his employees with a large fabbor that he spent. When the fleet arrived, Stavros confronted his problems in the attraction of sailors in a store and addressed again to Filippo with help.
Festival.
The film was shown at the 1967 Thessaloniki Film Festival
About the movie.
Based on a theatrical work "The 6th American Fleet" by Alekos Sakellarios and Christos Giannakiopoulos

</doc>
<doc id="20588880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588880" title="Jagatara">
Jagatara

Jagatara was a Japanese band centered around Edo Akemi. They are renowned for their unique sound, which has been described as a mixture of rock, especially punk, funk and reggae.
The band formed in March, 1979, and released their first album 'Nanban Torai' 「南蛮渡来」in 1982. Their multi-musical approach resulted in collaborations with differing artists from around the world, such as Mute Beat, John Zorn, and Mahotella Queens. On January 27 1990, Edo died, and the band broke up shortly after. Since that time there has been an annual concert held by the Shinjuku loft venue in honour of the band, featuring numerous guest musicians performing Jagatara songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20588885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588885" title="Hoboken, Alabama">
Hoboken, Alabama

Hoboken is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama. Hoboken had a post office at one time, but it no longer exists.
Geography.
Hoboken is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20588893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588893" title="Torra d'Asprettu">
Torra d'Asprettu

The Torra d'Asprettu is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588896" title="Canodon Asfalto Formation">
Canodon Asfalto Formation

The Canodon Asfalto Formation is a geological formation in South America. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20588901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588901" title="Torra di Benedettu">
Torra di Benedettu

The Torra di Benedettu is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588904" title="Torra di Bravone">
Torra di Bravone

The Torra di Bravone is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Linguizzetta (Haute-Corse].
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588906" title="Bay State Arms">
Bay State Arms

The Bay State Arms Company was a Massachusetts-based maker of single-barrel shotguns and falling block rifles. It operated from 1870 to 1902. 
History.
The company was founded in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1870. Circa 1873-1874 it was moved to Uxbridge, Massachusetts. Local references in Uxbridge date the company in the 1880s located on the Mumford River at Seth Reads old Gristmill established in the 1770s. It appears that around 1874 the company was discontinued. The business was reorganized in 1880 in Worcester, Massachusetts making "Bay State Gun" branded firearms. In 1909 the company was purchased by Hopkins & Allen Arms Company of Norwich, Connecticut which continued to use the "Bay State" brand name on single-barrel shotguns.
Other uses of the name.
The trade name "Bay State" was also used by H & R Firearms on single barrel guns. Harrington & Richardson was active from 1872 to 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20588907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588907" title="Torra di Caldanu">
Torra di Caldanu

The Torra di Caldanu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Lumio (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588908" title="Tasmalira vitrea">
Tasmalira vitrea

Tasmalira vitrea is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cerithiidae, the cerithiids.

</doc>
<doc id="20588911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588911" title="Torra di Caldarellu">
Torra di Caldarellu

The Torra di Caldarellu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Pianottoli-Caldarello (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588923" title="Torra di Calvi">
Torra di Calvi

The Torra di Calvi (also known as "Tour du sel") is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Calvi (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588924" title="Torra di Campomoru">
Torra di Campomoru

The Torra di Campomoru is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Belvédère-Campomoro (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588926" title="Donald Reid Womack">
Donald Reid Womack

Donald Reid Womack (born 1966) is a composer of contemporary classical music. He was born in Virginia, raised in East Tennessee and studied at Furman University and Northwestern University, receiving degrees in philosophy, music theory, and music composition.
He has composed more than 80 works for orchestra, chamber ensembles, solo instruments, and voice. Major works include a concerto for shakuhachi, 21-string koto and orchestra ("After"), a violin concerto ("In questi tempi di Conflitto"), a symphony ("Southern Portraits"), an oratorio for chorus and chamber orchestra ("Voices of Kalaupapa"), and a triple concerto for shakuhachi, biwa and koto with ensemble of Japanese instruments ("Three Trees 三木").
Womack's influences meld a broad range of sources, including the new tonality, post-minimalism, rock, jazz, bluegrass, and especially East Asian instruments. He spent a year in Tokyo, Japan studying Japanese instruments, and time in Seoul, South Korea learning Korean music, and has composed more than 30 works for Japanese, Korean and Chinese instruments in various combinations. Among them are "Walk Across the Surface of the Sun" (ensemble of Japanese instruments), "strung out" (violin and koto), "Bend" (shakuhachi, shamisen and 21-string koto), "Koto Coloring Book" (21-string koto), "소리 Sori" (haegeum, cello and janggu), "Highwire Act" (gayageum), and "五行 Elements" (pipa).
His music has been described as "original, creative and ingenious" ("Shimbun Akahata"), "powerful and impressively crafted" and "eclectic but also distinctive" ("Honolulu Star-Bulletin"), "raw energy alternating with a brooding potentiality" ("Honolulu Advertiser"), "wonderfully mellow and sprightly in its metrical incisiveness" ("Buffalo NY Daily News"), "capable of providing stimulus for a new century" ("Neue Musikzeitung"), and as having "the concentration of a haiku." ("Classical CD Review")
Womack’s works have been performed throughout the U.S., as well as in many countries in Europe, Asia, Oceania, and South America by such ensembles as the Tokyo Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra, Louisville Orchestra, Honolulu Symphony, Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, Contemporary Music Ensemble Korea, AURA-J, Asia Ensemble and the Salzburg Mozarteum String Quartet. He has also collaborated extensively with his wife, violist Anna Womack, with the Japanese new music ensemble AURA-J, with the Honolulu Symphony, and with pipa virtuoso Yang Jing.
Among his awards are a Fulbright Research Fellowship, First Prize in the Sigma Alpha Iota Inter-American Music Awards, two Individual Artist Fellowships from the Hawaii State Foundation on Culture and the Arts, and an Excellence in Research Award from the University of Hawaii. Since 1994 Womack has resided in Honolulu, Hawaii, where he is professor and chair of music composition and theory and member of the Center for Japanese Studies at the University of Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="20588929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588929" title="Torra di Canari">
Torra di Canari

The Torra di Canari is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588930" title="Last Chance Range (Nevada)">
Last Chance Range (Nevada)

The Last Chance Range is a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada. It lies immediately to the north of Pahrump, Nevada, and west of Nevada State Route 160.

</doc>
<doc id="20588933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588933" title="Torra di Cantonu Grossu">
Torra di Cantonu Grossu

The Torra di Cantonu Grossu is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588935" title="Myelopoiesis">
Myelopoiesis

Myelopoiesis is the regulated formation of myeloid cells, including eosinophilic granulocytes, basophilic granulocytes, neutrophilic granulocytes, and monocytes. In hematology, myelopoiesis is the production of blood cells in the bone marrow.
The myeloid progenitor can differentiate in the bone marrow into granulocytes, macrophages (mature monocytes), mast cells (whose blood-borne progenitor is not well defined), and dendritic cells of the innate immune system. The granulocytes, also called polymorphonuclear leukocytes because of their oddly shaped nuclei, give rise to three short lived cell types including eosinophils, basophils, and neutrophils. A granulocyte differentiates into a distinct cell type by a process called granulopoiesis. In this process it first transforms from a common myeloblast (myeloid progenitor) to a common promyelocyte. This promyelocyte gives rise to a unique myelocyte that for the first time can be classified as an eosinophil, basophil, or neutrophil progenitor based on the histological staining affinity (eosinophilic, basophilic, or neutral granules). The unique myelocyte next differentiates into a metamyelocyte and then a band cell, with a "C" shaped nucleus, before becoming a mature eosinophil, basophil, or neutrophil. Macrophages come from monoblast progenitors that differentriate into promonocytes, which mature into monocytes. Monocytes eventually enter the tissues and become macrophages.

</doc>
<doc id="20588946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588946" title="Torra di Capannelle">
Torra di Capannelle

The Torra di Capannelle is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Serra-di-Ferro.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588947" title="S. A. K. Durga">
S. A. K. Durga

Dr. S. A. Kumari Durga (born June 1, 1940) is a musicologist and ethnomusicologist from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. She is the founder of the Centre for Ethnomusicology based in Chennai.
Early life.
Durga was born in Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu on June 1, 1940 to S. A. Venkatarama Iyer and Lalithabai. Durga had her initial coaching in Carnatic music from her mother, Lalithabai, who was a reputed "harikatha" expert and a disciple of Rajamanickam Pillai. Her grandfather, S. A. Swaminatha Iyer, was a famous patron of Carnatic music. She began having music lessons from Tirukkodikaval Venkatarama Iyer at the age of eight and from Madurai Mani Iyer at the age of eleven. She had her advanced training from T. Viswanathan and Balamuralikrishna. She learnt Hindustani classical music from Ustad Mohammed Munnawar of Delhi.
Education.
Durga pursued her postgraduate education in voice culture at the University of Madras. As a part of her studies in voice culture, she studied physiology under ENT doctors M.S. Venkataraman and S. Ramasamy. On completion of her postgraduate degree, she worked as a lecturer at the university from 1976 to 1979. During her service as lecturer, she was invited to participate at the International Institute for Experimental Research in Singing at Denver, Colorado, where her paper on "Voice Abuse and misuse" was adjudged the best. She completed her doctorate in ethnomusicology at Wesleyan University, USA. On March 8, 1984, she performed at a celebration marking the 150th anniversary of Wesleyan University.
On obtaining her doctorate, Durga carried out a comparative study of Gregorian and Vedic chants and Thevaram hymns as a part of her post-doctoral research work at Yale University.
Awards and honors.
In 1984, Durga was awarded the Eleanor Roosevelt International Fellowship of International Federation of University of Women. She was awarded the title "Skylark of India" by the American Theatre Group of New York and the Gnana Samudhra award by "Samudhra" magazine on the occasion of its fourth anniversary.
Work.
Durga served as the Professor Emeritus of the Department of Indian music at the University of Madras for four years and founded the centre of Ethnomusicology in Chennai and currently serves as its director. Durga is the first Asian to have written a book on ethnomusicology.
From January 25, 2000 to May 23, 2000, Durga wrote a weekly column on ethnomusic for chennaionline.com. She was one of the participants at the First International Conference on Murugan held in Chennai between December 28 and December 30, 1998 and in the Second International Murugan Conference held in Mauritius between April 24 and April 29, 2001, where she delivered a lecture on "Lord Murugan in Nada Rupa — A critical study".

</doc>
<doc id="20588949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588949" title="Torra di Capigliolu">
Torra di Capigliolu

The Torra di Capigliolu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Casaglione (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588950" title="Ostrander Lake (Michigan)">
Ostrander Lake (Michigan)

Ostrander Lake is a lake that is located near the tri-county corner of Delta County, Michigan, Alger and Schoolcraft countries in the Hiawatha National Forest. The chain consists of Skeels Lake, Corner Lake, Deep Lake, and Straits Lake. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake, Blue Lake, Ironjaw Lake, the Corner-Straits Chain of lakes, Toms Lake and Round Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20588955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588955" title="Waldo's People">
Waldo's People

Waldo's People is a Finnish Eurodance band. The lead singer of the band is Waldo, whose real name is Marko Reijonen. They represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, with the song "Lose Control". It won a place for the Eurovision final on May 16 as the jury's chosen act. They finished in last place out of 25 entries with 22 points.
Waldo already had some success in a solo-career in mid-1990s. His band influenced Finnish electronic dance music in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Waldo's People's first video was "U Drive Me Crazy". It was the first Finnish video included in MTV Nordic's daily video-rotation.

</doc>
<doc id="20588956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588956" title="Torra di Capiteddu">
Torra di Capiteddu

The Torra di Capiteddu (in French: Tour de Capitello) is a Genoese tower in Corsica, France. It is located in the commune of Grosseto-Prugna, in the "département" of Corse-du-Sud.
The property of the commune, it has been listed as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20588962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588962" title="Torra di Capriona">
Torra di Capriona

The Torra di Capriona is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Serra-di-Ferro.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588963" title="Torra di Capu di Fenu">
Torra di Capu di Fenu

The Torra di Capu di Fenu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Ajaccio.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588964" title="Torra di Capu di Muru">
Torra di Capu di Muru

The Torra di Capu di Muru is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Coti-Chiavari.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588966" title="Teddy Boy agapi mou">
Teddy Boy agapi mou

Teddy Boy agapi mou (Greek: , Teddy Boy My Love) is a 1965 Greek comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios.
Plot.
Zoi Laskari (as Zoi Eftychidou) and Kostas Voutsas (stars of the movie) which were characters that fell in love, even though they encountered their relatives in which they were widows that had a bond.

</doc>
<doc id="20588968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588968" title="Calumpang, Marikina">
Calumpang, Marikina

Barangay Kalumpang or simply Kalumpang is one of the barangays of Marikina City. It is bounded to the north by Barangay Tanong, west by Barangay Barangka, south by Santolan, Pasig City and east by Barangay San Roque. It is named after the Calumpang tree, Sterculia foetida.
Place of Interest.
The Parish of San Antonio de Padua has its pastor, Fr. Alfredo Ganzon.

</doc>
<doc id="20588970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588970" title="Torra di Capu Neru">
Torra di Capu Neru

The Torra di Capu Neru is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Coti-Chiavari (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588975" title="James Henry Taylor">
James Henry Taylor

James Henry Taylor (1893–1972) was a professor of mathematics at George Washington University from 1929–1958, and professor emeritus from 1959 until his death.
Early life.
Born on February 21, 1893 in Sharon, Pennsylvania, Taylor died of cancer on March 30, 1972 at the age of 79. In addition to the title of professor, Taylor was also referred to as an emeritus of mathematics in Residence from 1958 until his death. 
Taylor was a graduate of three different universities. The first was the University of Nebraska at Omaha. Secondly he enrolled in the University of Chicago. Lastly, he attended Princeton University where he was a National Research Fellow.
Military service.
Before becoming a professor, Taylor was a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army in World War I from August 1917 to August 1918. As a Second Lieutenant, the entry-level rank for most commissioned officers, Taylor led a platoon-size element. He was then promoted to First Lieutenant and saw duty in France in the 351st Infantry, a position he held until June 1919. (Washington Post, Dr. James H. Taylor, Mathematician at GW).
During World War II, he was a mathematical advisor at Fort Belvoir in Virigina and at the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism at the Carnegie Institute. According to DTM, "scientists bring the perspective of several disciplines to broad questions about nature."
After WWI he was a National Research Fellow in Mathematics from September 1924 until September 1925. During the summer of 1919 he was a "boilermaker’s helper," at the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad Shops in Havelock, Nebraska. He worked with the Nebraska Department of Public Works computing road coasts during the summers of 1921 and 1922.
Teaching career.
Taylor began his teaching career as an assistant in mathematics at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln in 1919, where he taught for a year until becoming an instructor from 1920 to 1922. He then transferred to Northwestern University in Chicago in 1923, where he was a part-time math instructor for a year. In 1924, Taylor received his Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of Chicago. He furthered his profession in 1925 when he became an assistant professor of mathematics at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. After working for a year at Lehigh, Taylor began working at the University of Wisconsin, again as an assistant professor of mathematics from 1926 until 1929. Then, in 1929, he started his career at the George Washington University where he was a full-time professor of mathematics for the first time.
During the time that Taylor taught at the George Washington University from 1929–1958 the mathematics department was relatively basic. He taught classes in advanced analytics, geometry, and tensor analysis. In 1950–1951 the department expanded a little, offering 34 classes ranging from college algebra to analytic geometry to plane trigonometry. Taylor taught continued to teach classes in advanced analytic geometry and vector analysis, in addition to integral equations, differential geometry, and tensor analysis.
After teaching at the George Washington University for almost thirty years Taylor retired in 1959. In 1963 he moved to Wichita, Kansas. Taylor died nine years later from cancer and a memorial was established in his honor with the American Cancer Society. The burial was held in La Veta, Colorado.
George Washington University established The Taylor Prize in Mathematics in his honor.
Professional affiliations.
Taylor was a member of the American Mathematical Society, which was founded in 1818 to further the interests of mathematics research and scholarship. In the sciences, he was a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Geophysics Society, and the Washington Academy of Sciences. He was a Phi Beta Kappa at the University of Nebraska, a Sigma Xi, and a member of the Masons and the Cosmos Club. 
Taylor was published in numerous mathematical works and was listed in "Who’s Who in America". He was the author of a book on vector analysis, involving magnitude and direction, and wrote several articles on various mathematical topics. In December 1944, Taylor wrote an article on the "Terrestrial Magnetism and Atmospheric Electricity." Taylor wrote another article entitled, "Parallelism and Transversality in a Sub-Space of a General (Finsler) Space." This article was presented to the American Mathematical Society on April 16, 1972.
References.
James Henry Taylor Military History- 88th Infantry Division (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="20588979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588979" title="Torra di Cargali">
Torra di Cargali

The Torra di Cargali is a tower in Corsica. It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588984" title="Torra di Castelluchju">
Torra di Castelluchju

The Torra di Castelluchju is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Ajaccio. This tower was built on the largest island of the arthipel of Îles Sanguinaires.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588993" title="Torra di Centuri">
Torra di Centuri

The Torra di Centuri is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Centuri, in the Cap Corse (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20588999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20588999" title="Torra di Diana">
Torra di Diana

The Torra di Diana is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Aléria (Haute-Corse).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20589005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589005" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Blair County, Pennsylvania">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Blair County, Pennsylvania

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Blair County, Pennsylvania.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Blair County, Pennsylvania, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 28 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Two sites are further designated as National Historic Landmarks and another is designated a National Historic Site.

</doc>
<doc id="20589010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589010" title="Torra d'Elbu">
Torra d'Elbu

The Torra d'Elbu is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Osani (Corse-du-Sud).
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20589012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589012" title="Martin Ford">
Martin Ford

Martin Ford (born December 13, 1978) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler who played for Dorset. He was born in Bournemouth, Dorset.
Ford made his Second XI Trophy debut in 2003, and made his only List A appearance the following season, in a heavy defeat at the hands of Yorkshire in the C&G Trophy.
Ford continued to represent Dorset on a regular basis between 2005 and 2007, and made two appearances for the team during the 2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20589013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589013" title="The Ichthyologist">
The Ichthyologist

The Ichthyologist is the second studio album by post-metal band Giant Squid.
It was released on February 3, 2009, independently by the band, limited to 1,000 copies in special packaging.
The first 50 pre-orders also include a real Broadnose sevengill shark tooth collected by singer Aaron Gregory from the Aquarium of the Bay at San Francisco, California.
Fans started receiving pre-orders in late January 2009.
The album is a concept album about a man stripped of humanity and left with nothing but the sea in front of him. He adapts inhuman ways to survive the shock of human loss and total emotional tragedy, becoming something else entirely in the process. 
The album was re-released on Translation Loss Records featuring four completely re-mixed songs as well as new artwork by Sam Kieth.

</doc>
<doc id="20589017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589017" title="Torra d'Erbalunga">
Torra d'Erbalunga

The Torra d'Erbalunga is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Brando, Haute-Corse.
It is one of the Official Historical Monuments of France.

</doc>
<doc id="20589020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589020" title="Halifax Provincial Court (Spring Garden Road)">
Halifax Provincial Court (Spring Garden Road)

The "Grand Dame of Spring Garden Road" is a well-known landmark and stands as a monument to the pursuit of justice and democracy in Nova Scotia for more than 150 years. Though there is no record of pomp nor circumstance when the court opened, over its lifetime the court has experienced a celebrated history and, it is said, that it is the most decorated and flamboyant courthouse in the province.
The Court played, and continues to play today, a vital democratic role as it enables an independent judiciary to provide fair, expeditious and effective dispute resolution for all Nova Scotians.
The Spring Garden Road courthouse has done this successfully since the first trial was heard in October 1860 and remains today a functioning courthouse. The Supreme Court sat for the first time in the newly built Halifax County courthouse on Spring Garden Road in October 1860. Home of Supreme Court of Nova Scotia until 1960 when the building temporarily became the Provincial Library and then the home of the Provincial Court in 1971. The most recent renovations to the building were completed in 1985.
The building.
By the 1850s a decision was made to consolidate all the Halifax courts under one roof. After fires razed many downtown buildings during that decade (three major fires destroyed many of the city’s wooden buildings between 1857 and 1861, officials abandoned plans for a wooden structure in favour of a more fireproof option made of stone, to protect the legal records it would house. Following the fires, almost all major buildings were constructed of brick and stone. Built on the grounds of what was then the Governor’s Garden, location of the court was as contentious back in the 1850s as location of public buildings it is today. Even when the Spring Garden Courthouse was opened the location remained contentious and lawyers, reported to have “complained that the building is too far away from the business parts of the city” and it remained unpopular.
Halifax carpenter Henry Hill designed the building and Toronto-based architect William Thomas and Sons were retained and created a palatial structure in sandstone. The building was built by contractor George Lang (builder) who also built The Halifax Club and the Welsford-Parker Monument at the Front gate of St Paul’s Cemetery. Made from brown stone from Mary’s Point New Brunswick and Wallace sandstone from Cumberland County. The Wallace quarry sandstone was also used at Nova Scotia’s Province House, Province House in Charlottetown and some Parliament Buildings in Ottawa. It was proclaimed in the 1860 Halifax city directory that the “court house would do honour to any city in Europe, and cannot be surpassed for architectural beauty by any city of the same size on the continent of America.”
The building’s architectural exterior is classic with palladian style that represents stability and strength. Decorative features of the building include use of vermiculation and the carving of, replete with carvings of the faces of snarling lions and stern, bearded men in each key stone of the original building’s central arches. Interior architectural features to be noted are the pressed metal ceilings, the elaborate arched doorways, the wood paneling and plaster details in the courtrooms and the entry foyer and staircase. In 1863 gas heat replaced 14 fireplaces that inadequately heated the building. Interestingly, the 14 fireplaces remain today though there are none located in the courtrooms.
When originally constructed the Courthouse had two courtrooms, judicial robing and jury rooms, a law library and offices for the prothonotary and registrar of chancery. One of the first occupants was the Sheriff and the office of the Sheriff has remained in the court since. Due to the demand for court space, an addition to the back in the 1881 - 82 added additional courts. Matching wings were erected on either end of the building in 1908 (west wing designed by Herbert E. Gates, architect) and 1930 (east wing) to offer additional courtrooms and office space that are now occupied by the Provincial Crown and Judges’ Chambers.
Today the court houses six courtrooms, judges chambers, court administration offices, the Provincial Crown and cells that can jail up to 50 prisoners. The historic character of the Courthouse remain today and ongoing renovations and upgrades are designed ensure that they honour the original architecture design while at the same time providing efficient modern-day court functions.
The Courthouse has been designated as an historic site of national significance by the Historic Sites and Monument Board.
The Halifax Explosion.
A collision occurred on December 6, 1917 in Halifax Harbour between the vessels, SS Mont-Blanc and SS Imo and resulted in a blast that decimated the district known as Richmond, in the North End of the city. The courthouse suffered $19,000 in damage even though it was farther to the south. At the time, Nova Scotia Supreme Court cases were heard in court room #2 on the second floor, east side of the stairwell. Courtroom #1 (now #4) was used for everything else including Admiralty Court. The walls of the court room itself had sustained some damage and the blown out windows were boarded up. Purportedly, oil lamps were used because the power was out. Despite these conditions, Justice Drysdale and his nautical advisors, Captain Leander A. Demers and Captain Walter Hose, conducted a formal investigation into the causes of the collision one week after the disaster. On 4 February 1918, Justice Drysdale delivered the panel's decision. They found the pilot, Francis Mackey, Captain Aimé Le Médec of the French ship, "Mont-Blanc", and Commander F. Evan Wyatt, the RCN's chief examining officer of the port responsible for the collision which led to the disaster. 
At the subsequent preliminary hearing, manslaughter and criminal negligence charges were laid against the trio. The charges against the captain and pilot were dismissed on a writ of habeas corpus, issued by Justice Benjamin Russell (15 & 16 March), before the case could go before a grand jury. However, the case against Commander Wyatt proceeded and ended with an acquittal on both charges in less than a day (17 April). 
Both shipping companies filed civil action against each other for $ 2 million. Justice Drysdale presided over the initial case and not surprisingly, once again put the blame solely on Mont Blanc. His decision did not stand when the case was brought before the Supreme Court of Canada in 1919 and the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in London in 1920. Both Courts agreed that Imo and Mont Blanc were equally to blame for the collision.
Elevators.
Courtroom #2 featured an elevator that could ferry prisoners directly into the courtroom from the cells below, but it was removed in the 1930s after is malfunctioned and left a prisoner trapped between floors. It has been noted that “...a prisoner was being sent up to the courtroom to face the judge. Everything was ready for the processes of the law to run along smoothly - but one thing was missing - a prisoner. The ... accused was trapped between floors. And, before the trial could go ahead, they had a difficult time to get the elevator released and the prisoner freed from his unpleasant situation.
Haunting Ghosts.
The last hanging in Halifax occurred on March 7, 1935. Daniel Sampson was hanged for the murder of two boys. He was hanged in back of the courthouse where the parking lot now exists. To this day ghosts of those executed haunt the attic of the courthouse where pieces of wood from the old public gallows are stored. It is said that the wood is stored in a dark, eerie room in the upper story of the building are pieces of the old Halifax gallows, on which many of the city's more infamous criminals met their end long ago. Many years ago one of the building's janitors ran terrified and shaken from the room, swearing he had seen a ghost, and vowing never to return to the room again (a promise he reportedly kept). To this day, staff are hesitant to go to the attic alone where court records are stored.
External links.
• [http://www.courts.ns.ca/General/history.htm] History of the Nova Scotia Courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20589027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589027" title="Ross Cox">
Ross Cox

Ross Cox (1793–1853) was a clerk in the North West Company and author. 
Ross Cox was born in Dublin, Ireland, in 1793, the son of Samuel Cox and Margaret Thorpe. He emigrated to America in 1811, becoming a clerk in the American Fur Company. He arrived in Fort Astoria, Pacific Fur Company's primary fur trading post in 1812, shortly before it was sold to the North West Company in 1813. He then became a clerk with the North West Company, but he retired 1817 and returned to Ireland. He became the Irish correspondent for the "London Morning Herald" as well as a clerk in the Dublin police office. He was married to Hannah Cumming in 1819, and had several children. He died in Dublin in 1853. 
Cox's "Adventures on the Columbia River" (London, 1831) is one of the most important documents relating to the later history of the North West Company. 
Several geographic features in Canada, including Ross Cox Creek and Mount Ross Cox are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20589028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589028" title="You Don't Know Me (Ben Folds song)">
You Don't Know Me (Ben Folds song)

"You Don't Know Me" is the name of the lead-off single from Ben Folds' third studio album, "Way to Normal". The song features Regina Spektor on vocals dueting with Ben Folds. The song is also the 4th song on Ben Folds 2009 album "Stems & Seeds".
Music video.
The official music video for "You Don't Know Me" was directed by the comedy team of Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim, featuring Tim and Eric themselves as an unhappy couple. The footage is intermixed with video of Ben Folds, drummer Sam Smith and bassist Jared Reynolds playing on the lawn outside the couple's house. Regina Spektor herself is not in the video, although a photo of her (with the lips altered to look like they are singing) can be seen in the living room partway through the video. Josh Groban also appears in the video. 
Commercial Success.
The single was featured in the 11th episode of the fifth season of the ABC hit drama, "Grey's Anatomy" titled "Wish You Were Here. "

</doc>
<doc id="20589029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589029" title="Neil Sclater-Booth, 5th Baron Basing">
Neil Sclater-Booth, 5th Baron Basing

Neil Lutley Sclater-Booth, 5th Baron Basing (16 January 1939 – 24 November 2007) was a British nobleman and New York financier.
The son of George Sclater-Booth, 4th Baron Basing, he was educated at St Peter's Court and Eton College, and graduated with an economics degree from Harvard University, where he played rugby. Sclater-Booth worked in securities, becoming Executive Vice President of Akroyd & Smithers, Inc., and President of Standard New York, Inc., the American subsidiary of Standard New York Securities.
He succeeded his father as Baron Basing in 1983, but did not use the title. By his wife, Patricia, he had two sons:
Sclater-Booth died of esophageal cancer in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20589034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589034" title="Mountain climbing problem">
Mountain climbing problem

In mathematics, the mountain climbing problem is a problem of finding the conditions that two function forming profiles of a two-dimensional mountain must satisfy, so that two climbers can start on the bottom on the opposite sides of the mountain and coordinate their movements to reach to the top while always staying at the same height. This problem was named and posed in this form by James V. Whittaker in 1966, but its history goes back to Tatsuo Homma, who solved a version of it in 1952. The problem has been repeatedly rediscovered and solved independently in different context by a number of people (see the references).
In the past two decades the problem was shown to be connected to the weak Fréchet distance of curves in the plane (see "Buchin et al."), various planar motion planning problems in computational geometry (see "Goodman et al."), the square peg problem (see "Pak"), semigroup of polynomials (see "Baird and Magill"), etc. The problem was popularized in the article by "Goodman et al.", which received the MAA writing award in 1990. 
Understanding the problem.
It is easy to coordinate the climbers' movement between the peaks and valleys (local maxima and minima of the functions). The difficulty is that to progress, the climbers must occasionally go down the mountain, either one or the other, or both climbers. Similarly, either one or the other climber must backtrack towards the beginning of the journey. In fact, it has been observed that for a mountain with "n" peaks and valleys the number of turns can be as large as quadratic in "n" (see "Buchin et al."). These difficulties make the problem unintuitive and sometimes rather difficult, both in theory and in practice. 
Formulation.
The following result is due to Huneke:
To see heuristically that the result does not extend to all continuous functions, note that if formula_1 has a constant interval while formula_2 has a highly oscillating interval on the same level, then the first climber would be forced to go back and forth infinitely many times, and thus can never reach the top. 
It is also known that for the piecewise linear functions there are no obstructions, i.e. the climbers can always coordinate their movements to get to the top (see "Whittaker"). 
Proof in the piecewise linear case.
Consider a graph formula_15 of all positions on a mountain both climbers can occupy on the same level. This graph is piecewise linear, i.e. a union of intervals, and can be viewed as a graph in Graph theory. Note that formula_15 may or may not be connected. The vertices of the intervals correspond to peaks and valleys of the functions. There are three cases:
In the first case such vertex of formula_15 has two adjacent intervals, in the second case it has four, and in the last case zero. Therefore, graph formula_15 has all vertices of even degree, except for the point formula_19 corresponding to two climbers on the bottom and the point formula_20 corresponding to two climbers on top of the mountain. Applying the handshaking lemma to the connected component of formula_15 containing formula_19 we conclude that formula_19 and formula_20 are in the same connected component of formula_15. This implies that there is a path from formula_19 to formula_20 in formula_15. In the language of mountain climbers, this gives a way to coordinate the climbers' movement to reach the top of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="20589041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589041" title="NGC 6118">
NGC 6118

NGC 6118 is a "grand design" spiral galaxy located 83 million light-years away in the constellation Serpens (the Snake). It measures roughly 110,000 light-years across; about the same as our own galaxy, the Milky Way. Its shape is classified as "SA(s)cd," meaning that it has several rather loosely wound spiral arms. The large numbers of bright bluish knots are active star-forming regions where some very luminous and young stars can be perceived.
Because it is so faint, NGC 6118 is a challenging object to see with a small telescope. Amateur astronomers have nicknamed it the ""Blinking Galaxy"", as it has a tendency to flick in and out of view with different eye positions.
Image.
The image on the right was taken at 2:54 pm CET on several nights around 21 Aug 2004, in somewhat unstable seeing (~2 arcsec) with the 8.2 meter VLT Melipal optical telescope, one of 4 telescopes operated by the European Southern Observatory in Cerro Paranal, Chile. The almost-true color image combines exposures on three different wavelength bands (which were assigned the following colors): 12.5 minutes in R-band (red), 25 minutes in V-band (green) and 7 minutes in B-band (blue). The image covers 6.7 x 5.8 arcmin of sky.
Also visible on the upper right of the image is the faint trail left by a satellite, which passed by during one of the exposures taken in the B-filter, hence its blue color.
Supernova 2004dk.
SN 2004dk was first reported by James Graham and Weidong Li on 1 August 2004. They found the new supernova by studying images produced by the Lick Observatory Supernova Search (LOSS) program with the 76 cm Katzman Automatic Imaging Telescope (KAIT) in San Jose, CA. 
SN 2004dk was initially classified by European Southern Observatory astronomer Fernando Patat et al. on 4 Aug 2004 as a Type Ic supernova. Type Ib and Ic supernovae are the end result of massive stars (> 8 solar masses) that have run out of nuclear fuel. Normally one would expect to see evidence of hydrogen and helium, but when these supernova occur in a binary system the companion has sometimes gravitationally stripped the outer layers of the progenitor star away, leaving only the heavier elements. Type Ib supernovae have no hydrogen, while Type Ics have neither hydrogen or helium.
Over the following weeks Alexei Filippenko et al. and the University of California at Berkeley discovered prominent He I absorption lines, thus changing the classification of the supernova to Type Ib.

</doc>
<doc id="20589045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589045" title="Acting Out (book)">
Acting Out (book)

Acting Out is a book by French philosopher Bernard Stiegler. It is composed of two short works, "How I Became a Philosopher," and "To Love, To Love Me, To Love Us: From September 11 to April 21," which were published separately in French in 2003 as "Passer à l'acte" and "Aimer, s'aimer, nous aimer: Du 11 septembre au 21 avril". "Acting Out" was published by Stanford University Press in 2009, and the translators were David Barison, Daniel Ross, and Patrick Crogan.
How I Became a Philosopher.
This section of the work was originally delivered as an oral presentation, a kind of "confession" à la Jean-Jacques Rousseau, in which Stiegler admits for the first time that he became a philosopher while incarcerated for a period of five years. Stiegler tells the story of his transformation in prison, a transformation which took the form of rediscovering the world in a quasi-phenomenological fashion. The chapter draws from the work of Edmund Husserl, Aristotle, and Epictetus.
To Love, To Love Me, To Love Us: From September 11 to April 21.
This section of the work is a discussion of the ways in which modern society is leading to a loss of a sense of existence, thus a destruction of what Stiegler calls "primordial narcissism," resulting in the proliferation of all kinds of individual and collective pathological behaviours. He outlines his theory of individuation (drawn in part from the work of Gilbert Simondon), and the compositional relation of synchronic and diachronic processes, in order to argue that a consumer society founded on television advertising produces hyper-synchronising and hyper-diachronising processes which threaten human desire and therefore human existence. Examples discussed of the consequences of these processes include the September 11, 2001 attacks, the success of the French National Front, and the Nanterre massacre perpetrated by Richard Durn.

</doc>
<doc id="20589049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589049" title="The Yearling (1994 film)">
The Yearling (1994 film)

The Yearling is a 1994 TV movie that aired on CBS on April 24, 1994. It was produced by RHI Entertainment and was sponsored by Kraft General Foods.

</doc>
<doc id="20589051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589051" title="John Milton's politics">
John Milton's politics

Politics were an important part of John Milton's life. Milton enjoyed little wide-scale early success, either in prose or poetry, until the production of his later, controversial political works starting with "The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates" and "Eikonoklastes".
Political works.
Although Milton was known early on for a poem that he wrote about Shakespeare and for his masque "Comus", he was only a minor figure until he started writing in a pamphlet war. By 1654, Milton was involved in public controversies, thinking that he could help the English people by using his writings to promote his political beliefs. 
His writing brought him into a position of power in the Commonwealth, Secretary for Foreign Tongues to the Council of State, and he served in that duty from 1649 until 1659. His controversial works, starting with "The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates" and "Eikonoklastes", were able to appeal to a larger audience than many of Milton's previous works, and, in turn, they sold well even though the content of the works were not received positively.
Antiprelatical tracts.
The antiprelatical tracts were written just after the Bishops’ Wars of 1639 and 1640. Milton joined the antiprelatical factions opposing the policies of William Laud, Archbishop of Canterbury, and the policies of the Church of England. The antiprelatical factions fell into a pamphlet war with those supporting the Anglican church structure. Through his various arguments, Milton connects the structure of church government and government in general while relying on scripture to serve as an authority for his arguments.
Areopagitica.
"Areopagitica" was published at the height of the English Civil War. Milton argued forcefully against the Licensing Order of 1643 and he relies on biblical and classical references to strengthen his argument. The main focus of the piece is to attack traditionalists and complacent people who are afraid of change and debate. In the piece, Milton suggests that Christians experience purification when they are tested by new ideas and not harmed by them.
The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates.
Milton wrote "The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates" as a justification to Parliament's execution of Charles I. The work was controversial but popular, and it went into many five editions during the 17th century.
In it, he becomes the first European to posit a republic is the only acceptable form of government, and the first to argue that monarchy is an unacceptable form of government. (Nelson, Eric "Talmudical Commonwealthsmen and the Rise of Republican Exclusivism, The Historical Journal, 50, 4 (2007), pp. 809–835)
Eikonoklastes.
Milton was commissioned to write "Eikonoklastes" as a response to Charles I's "Eikon Basilike" (1649). "Eikon Basilike" was published just after Charles I execution, and the work portrayed Charles I as a martyr. In "Eikonoklastes", Milton tried to systematically critique each point in "Eikon Basilike" Throughout the work Milton believed that Charles I's work created a false idol, and he wanted to destroy it with truth. He also claimed that all monarchs have the potential to be tyrants, no matter how benevolent they may appear.
Defensio pro Populo Anglicano.
The "Defensio pro Populo Anglicano" was a tract commissioned by Parliament to respond to Claudius Salmasius's defense of Charles I.
Defensio Secunda.
Milton was commissioned to write "Defensio Secunda" as a defence of the Parliamentary regime, controlled by Cromwell, who sought to win the support of a European audience. The work was also a response to attacks on "Defensio pro Populo Anglicano" by Salmasius. The worked was one of the last times that Milton ever discussed Cromwell's character.
A Treatise of Civil Power.
Milton wrote "A Treatise of Civil Power" to warn against claims of heresy and of attempts to limit free speech in regards to religious matters. He addresses the tract to Cromwell and Parliament in order to encourage them to prevent such disregards for personal liberty.
The Ready and Easy Way.
"The Ready and Easy Way" was written by Milton during the final moments of the Commonwealth and sought to promote his views on the establishment and constitution of an English Republic. His opinion was ignored, and the English Restoration soon after took place, heralding a form of monarchical government opposite in tendency to what Milton desired.
Views.
Government.
Milton supported a republican form of government. In 1649, Milton wrote "The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates" expressing his support of a republican form of government. English republicanism grew during the English Civil War after the royalist forces were defeated at Worcester during September 1651. When the Rump Parliament was removed and Oliver Cromwell became the Protector in December 1653, Milton, and other republicans, believed that the Commonwealth was not following the proper governmental path. The republicans no longer felt obliged to criticize the Stuart monarchy after it had fallen. Instead, they tried to convince the new government, under Cromwell, to adopt republican principles.
Republicanism picked up greater momentum when a series of anti-Cromwell works were published in 1656. The English republican movement, however, was not united: the so-called "commonweathmen" held to the idea that the dissolution of the Rump had been illegal. Although Milton believed in their abstract ideas, he produced some works that defended the existing form of government under the Protectorate. Even in "The Tenure of Kings and Magistrates", Milton wrote that people needed to support "the present Parlament & Army". His republicanism was put aside to support the government, and, in "Defensio Secunda", he praised Cromwell's rule. Once Cromwell died and the Commonwealth fell apart, Milton returned to his republican principles, and he published several works in opposition to a monarchical form of government.
Licensing.
Milton attacks the concept of licensing and promotes the need for debate and discussion in his "Areopagitica". He believed that the government should not censor works because the search for truth and understanding is an ongoing process and must be open. The search for truth, according to Milton, is a continual process, and an individual can never attain truth if the expression of some views is prohibited by licensing laws. Milton's involvement with the licensing controversy proved to be important, and his ideas influenced later discussions of truth and the freedom of printing.

</doc>
<doc id="20589053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589053" title="As a Child I Loved You">
As a Child I Loved You

As a child I loved you is a Roman Catholic Marian prayer. 
It was composed by Pope Leo XIII in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20589061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589061" title="For the Good Times">
For the Good Times

For the Good Times may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20589065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589065" title="2008 New Orleans Bowl">
2008 New Orleans Bowl

The 2008 R+L CarriersNew Orleans Bowl was the eighth edition of the college football bowl game, played at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Southern Miss Golden Eagles defeated the Troy Trojans, 30-27 in a dramatic overtime game. Troy had qualified for the game by winning the Sun Belt Conference title, while Southern Miss had roared back from a 2-6 start to fill the game's slot from Conference USA.
Kickoff time was 7:15 p.m. U.S. Central time and the game was shown live on ESPN.
Game summary.
Southern Miss was designated as the away team, however instead of wearing the visitor white jerseys, the Golden Eagles started the game in yellow home jerseys (Troy wore its maroon home jerseys). Due to NCAA rules, Southern Miss was penalized one time out after the opening kickoff and played the first half with two timeouts to Troy's three. 
Southern Miss came from 10 points down in the fourth quarter to force overtime and, after a Britt Barefoot 39-yard field goal on the Golden Eagles' possession, Michael McGhee blocked Troy kicker Sam Glusman's 28-yard field goal attempt that would have tied the game. The block sealed the win for Southern Miss, ensuring the school's 15th consecutive winning season.

</doc>
<doc id="20589069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589069" title="Clay-Ashland">
Clay-Ashland

Clay-Ashland is a township located from the capital city of Monrovia in Liberia. The town is in the St. Paul River District of Montserrado County. It is named after Henry Clay — a slaveowner and American Colonization Society co-founder who favored gradual emancipation — and his estate Ashland in Lexington, Kentucky.
Established in 1846, Clay-Ashland was part of a colony called Kentucky In Africa, because it was settled by African-American immigrants primarily from the U.S. state of Kentucky under the auspices of the American Colonization Society.
History.
A Kentucky state affiliate of the ACS was formed in 1828, and members raised money to transport Kentucky blacks — freeborn volunteers as well as slaves set free on the stipulation that they leave the United States — to Africa. The Kentucky society bought a site along the Saint Paul River and named it Kentucky in Africa. Clay-Ashland was the colony's main town.
Notable residents have included William D. Coleman, the 13th President of Liberia, whose family settled in Clay-Ashland after immigrating from Fayette County, Kentucky, United States when he was a boy. Moses Ricks, a successful farmer and Baptist missionary who founded the still-running Ricks Institute in 1887 to provide a Christian education to indigenous youth in Liberia, also grew up in the town. Alfred F. Russell, the 9th President of Liberia, also resided in Clay-Ashland.
The True Whig Party, which dominated Liberian politics for more than a century, was founded in Clay-Ashland in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="20589074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589074" title="Nikolay Baranov (canoeist)">
Nikolay Baranov (canoeist)

Nikolay Baranov was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1980s. He won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-4 10000 m: 1981, 1982, 1983) and a silver (K-4 1000 m: 1981).

</doc>
<doc id="20589077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589077" title="Lord of the Light and of the Darkness">
Lord of the Light and of the Darkness

"Lord of the Light and of the Darkness" is the first single by the Japanese horror punk band Balzac. It was released with a lyrics sheet, in a limited quantity, on the band's own record label, Evilegend13 Records. The band made a promotional video for the single. It was also released with an alternative cover, not for sale, and also as a cassette.

</doc>
<doc id="20589087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589087" title="Charisia">
Charisia

Charisia () was a city in ancient Arcadia. It was part of the Eutresia region. Charisia was named after its founder Charisius, a son of Lycaon. It was abandoned when Megalopolis was founded. 
It was located 10 stades (2 km) from Skias (itself 13 stades from Megalopolis) and 10 stades from Trikolonoi. The location of the ancient city has never been found, it is believed to have been situated in the area of the modern Trilofo.

</doc>
<doc id="20589099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589099" title="Mustapha Oukacha">
Mustapha Oukacha

Mustapha Oukacha (1933 – November 13, 2008) was a Moroccan politician who served as the President of the Assembly of Councillors of the Parliament of Morocco beginning in October 2000. 
Oukacha was born in Casablanca, Morocco in 1933. He studied law and business management as a university student. Oukacha founded several businesses during the 1960s, focusing on the construction, agriculture, maritime and fishing sectors. 
Oukacha became involved in Moroccan politics in the 1970s. He served as mayor of a small town in Ben Slimane province near Casablanca for 24 years. He was later elected to the Assembly of Councillors.
Oukacha was elected President of the Assembly of Councillors in October 2000. He was re-elected to a second term as President in October 2003.
Mustapha Oukacha died in Casablanca, Morocco, on November 13, 2008, at the age of 75. Oukacha had just returned to Morocco from France, where he had undergone surgery in Paris and spent approximately 40 days in a hospital in Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20589101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589101" title="Guettioua Sandstone">
Guettioua Sandstone

The Guettioua Sandstone is a geological formation in Morocco. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20589104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589104" title="Holy Land USA">
Holy Land USA

Holy Land USA was an theme park in Waterbury, Connecticut, inspired by selected passages from the Bible. It consists of a chapel, stations of the cross, and replicas of catacombs and Israelite villages constructed from cinder blocks, bathtubs, and other discards. The park has been closed to the public since 1984, but its grounds remain intact.
Creation and peak years.
Holy Land USA was conceived by John Baptist Greco, a Waterbury-based attorney. Greco, a Roman Catholic, founded a volunteer organization called Companions of Christ, with the purpose of creating an attraction that would replicate the Bethlehem and Jerusalem of the Biblical era. Construction commenced in 1955. Bob Chinn, the grounds chairman at Holy Land USA, recalled Greco’s mission in a 2001 interview with "The New York Times": "He was a very spiritual man. He wanted to do this for the people of the community. He felt no one, no matter the race, creed or color, should be separated. He wanted a place for all people to sit and be peaceful."
Among the attractions at the site were a recreation of the Garden of Eden, a diorama depicting Daniel in the lions' den, and various recreations of the life and ministry of Jesus. The centerpiece of the site was a 56-foot cross and an illuminated sign that read “Holy Land USA.”
During its peak years in the 1960s and 1970s, Holy Land USA attracted upwards of 40,000 visitors annually. Greco closed Holy Land USA in 1984, with plans to improve and expand the site. But the work was left unfinished when Greco died in 1986. The property was left to the Filippini Sisters.
Closure and deterioration.
Since its closure, Holy Land USA has fallen into a state of advanced disrepair. Although it is not open to the public, the site continues to attract attention. In 2002, the Waterbury Region Convention and Visitors Bureau received more than 150 calls a year for directions to the site. The web site Roadside America has included it in its coverage of offbeat attractions, albeit with the cautionary note that visitors should “explore with caution (and with an up-to-date tetanus shot).” Many attractions and statues at the site have either been vandalized or otherwise fallen into disrepair.
There has been ongoing debate about the site's future. It has been suggested that the park be preserved as folk art, and there have been numerous failed attempts to restore the park, including one involving the Knights of Columbus in 2000. The Religious Sisters of Filippi Greco have been accused of fearing "liability and being sued" and thereby turning away volunteers and stopping restoration efforts, but they have also received support from those who believe that, although accepting the park reluctantly, they have been "good stewards" over it. The Sisters held weekly prayer meetings at the site and the holy hours on Sundays were devoted to the Virgin of Revelation, an apparition of the Virgin Mary witnessed in 1947 by an Italian on his way to assassinate Pope Pius XII in Rome. The Sisters claim the statue of the Madonna in the chapel is one of three commissioned by Pope John Paul II.
Despite the lack of full restoration, some renovation projects have been undertaken since the park was closed. In 1997 a group of Boy Scouts repaired the illuminated “Holy Land USA” sign as part of a community service project and in 2008, the original 56-foot cross was replaced with a 50-foot stainless steel one, which was dedicated in a ceremony led by Archbishop Henry J. Mansell.
In July 2010, the rape and murder of a 16 year-old girl inside the park received widespread media coverage and generated renewed interest in the unused property and its future use. Reports indicated that trespassing had reduced in the years before the murder.
Revival.
On June 20, 2013, Mayor Neil O'Leary and car dealer Fred "Fritz" Blasius purchased Holy Land from the Filippini Sisters for $350,000, announcing a plan to clean up and revitalise the site as part of a community effort. The plan included the installation of a new and larger lighted cross on the property. On December 22, 2013 the new cross was illuminated.
In popular culture.
The Flaming Lips 1990 music video for "Unconsciously Screamin" from the record "In A Priest Driven Ambulance" was mostly shot at this location by directors Jim Spring and Jens Jurgensen. Outtakes from this video shoot were also used in the 2005 documentary on the band called "Fearless Freaks" directed by Bradley Beesley.
In November 2002, Holy Land USA was featured in a four-minute segment on "The Daily Show" by Jon Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="20589113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589113" title="Verdant Lake">
Verdant Lake

Verdant Lake is a lake that is located in south-western Schoolcraft County, Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is just east of the county line with Alger and just north of the county line with Delta County. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake, Mowe Lake, Blue Lake, Corner-Straits Chain of lakes, Nineteen Lake, Ironjaw Lake, and Round Lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="20589121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589121" title="Arnold Byfield">
Arnold Byfield

Arnold Stanley "Bud" Byfield (born 1 November 1923 in Northam) is a former Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket in the Sheffield Shield for Western Australia and Australian rules football with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Byfield, known as 'Bud', was a member of Claremont's 1940 premiership team, at the age of just 16. In 1946 he joined the Melbourne Football Club in Victoria and played in the 1946 VFL Grand Final, which they lost to Essendon. It was his only season in the league and he returned to Western Australia the following year for one final season at Claremont. He also played 284 games for country football clubs and umpired a further 152 games. Byfield served as president of the West Australian Country Football League from its inception in 1973 to 1991, and in 2004 was inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame.
In six first-class cricket matches, Byfield made 251 runs at 27.88 and took two wickets at 21.50 with his medium pace bowling. He made four appearances in the 1953/54 Sheffield Shield, including one against New South Wales when he dismissed both Ian Craig and Bob Simpson as well as scoring 36 in his first innings. His highest score however came against the touring South Africans in 1953 he scored 38 not out, after an unbeaten 16 in the first innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20589126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589126" title="Mari Rodriguez Ichaso">
Mari Rodriguez Ichaso

Mari Rodríguez Ichaso is a Cuban American magazine editor, author, filmmaker and producer.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Mari Rodriguez Ichaso was born in Havana, Cuba, the daughter of Justo Rodriguez Santos, one of Cuba's leading poets, and Antonia Ichaso, a pioneer writer of Cuban radio. She has lived in New York City since 1969.
Career.
After being known mainly for her work in TV and print journalism, she made her solo directorial debut in 1999 with the documentary "Cuban Women Branded by Paradise" (Marcadas por el Paraíso) exhibited in movie festivals all over the world, including the Miami International Film festival and the Chicago Film Festival, as well as the prestigious One World Human Rights Festival in Prague.
Her documentary "Made in Cuba: Children of Paradise", which explores the social phenomena of growing up in a communist society, premiered on 2001, as part of the Miami International Film Festival.
Since 1980 she has written the book "Recuerdos Compartidos", Editorial Playor/Madrid 1985; written for several magazines and produced segments for various television programs for Univision and TNT Latin America. In 1996 she co-produced the critically acclaimed movie "Azucar Amarga" ("Bitter Sugar"), directed by her brother Leon Ichaso.
In 2005 she wrote, directed and produced the documentary The Last Interview on Cuban novelist Guillermo Cabrera Infante and is preparing the documentary The Last Cubans, an oral history that explores the life experiences of the older generation of Cuban exiles.
Ms. Rodriguez Ichaso is a Fellow of the Cintas Foundation for Cinema and Art, which she won in 2002-03).
Marriage and children.
She was married to movie director Orlando Jimenez Leal and has one daughter, Mari-Claudia Jimenez, a writer and art lawyer for Herrick Feinstein, a New York firm with a prominent art law, art recovery and restitution practice. 
Her brother is Leon Ichaso, film writer and director.

</doc>
<doc id="20589140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589140" title="Mary Our Queen">
Mary Our Queen

Mary Our Queen is a Roman Catholic Marian prayer. 
It is attributed to Saint Anthony of Padua in the 13th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20589143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589143" title="Brooklyn Conservatory of Music">
Brooklyn Conservatory of Music

The Brooklyn Conservatory of Music, known at one time as the Brooklyn-Queens Conservatory of Music, is a music conservatory located in Brooklyn, New York City. It offers a broad range of instruction in areas of American song, jazz and gospel singing, Latin jazz, and African drumming. The conservatory was founded in 1897 by German-American immigrants as a classical European conservatory. 
The conservatory was initially located at Franklin Avenue and Lefferts Place. In 1944 it moved to occupy an 1881 five-story mansion at 58 Seventh Avenue, Park Slope, Brooklyn, which had been built in 1881 as the residence of M. Brasher, and subsequently became the Park Slope Masonic Club. The building was designed by S. F. Evelette in the Victorian Gothic style, with Queen Anne elements. It is located in the Park Slope Historic District.
About 2,000 full and part-time students take instruction at the conservatory. The conservatory also hosts various musical programs throughout the year. The conservatory concentrates on making formal musical instruction available to people in all walks of life, including those who are not seeking careers as professional musicians.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20589146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589146" title="Richard Alexander (lawyer)">
Richard Alexander (lawyer)

Richard Alexander is an American personal injury lawyer and wrongful death and consumer protection advocate. Alexander is the founder and Managing Partner of Alexander Law Group, LLP, a San Jose, California based law firm specializing in car accidents, spinal cord injuries, product liability, negligence, adverse drug reactions and wrongful death cases.
Background.
In 2006, Alexander represented a plaintiff in a case against IBM for the severe electrical burn injuries suffered by an apprentice electrician working for Fluor Corporation, securing a $15.5 million recovery. Alexander was also able to secure a $3 million recovery for the death of a college student caused by the delamination of the tires on her SUV that caused her vehicle to rollover. Alexander's practice has represented many people in wrongful death, car accidents, insurance bad faith, and other cases against large companies and organizations such as IBM, Ford, General Motors, Chrysler, BMW, Nissan, Honda, Pacific Gas & Electric, General Electric, Amtrak, Southern Pacific Railroad, DuPont, Shell Oil, Amoco, Chevron, Dow Chemical, Sears, Nationwide Insurance, Allstate Insurance, Fluor Corporation, and the California Department of Transportation.
Alexander has served on the Board of Governors of the State Bar of California, as president of the Santa Clara County Bar Association, and is a founding member of the National Association of Consumer Advocates. Alexander is a graduate of the University of Chicago Law School and Ohio Wesleyan University.
Alexander has published over 200 articles on legal issues for consumers through The Consumer Law Page, a legal resource website published by Alexander Law Group, LLP. Additionally, Alexander maintains a blog through Alexander Law Group, LLP.
Alexander serves on the board of Center for Media Change, Inc., a non-profit organization that operates ReelChanges to provide audience-funded documentaries. Alexander also has the largest collection of American Revolution artifacts on the West Coast of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20589165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589165" title="David Hunter Miller">
David Hunter Miller

David Hunter Miller (1875–1961) was a U.S. lawyer and an expert on treaties who participated in the drafting of the covenant of the League of Nations. He practiced law in New York City from 1911 to 1929, served on the Inquiry, a body of experts that collected data for the Paris Peace Conference (1917–1919), and was legal adviser to the American commission to the conference.
As an officer of the U.S. Department of State (1929–1944), Miller headed the U.S. delegation to the 1930 Hague Conference for the codification of international law. His published works include "My Diary at the Conference of Paris, with Documents" (21 vol., 1924–26) and "Treaties and Other International Acts of the United States of America" (8 vol., 1931–1948).

</doc>
<doc id="20589197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589197" title="2008 Poinsettia Bowl">
2008 Poinsettia Bowl

The 2008 San Diego County Credit Union Poinsettia Bowl was the fourth edition of the college football bowl game, and was played at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California. The game started at 5 PM US PST on Tuesday, December 23, 2008. The game, simulcast on ESPN and ESPN Radio with Rece Davis, Mark May, and Lou Holtz announcing, pit the Boise State Broncos against the Texas Christian Horned Frogs. In the game, TCU overcame a 13–0 deficit to pull off an impressive 17–16 win over Boise State.
With Boise State ranked 9th and TCU ranked 11th, this bowl pairing featured teams both ranked higher than the teams playing in a BCS game during the same season, the 2009 Orange Bowl, a first in BCS history.
TCU and Boise State would face off in a bowl game again the following season when both played in a BCS game, the 2010 Fiesta Bowl.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20589204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589204" title="Envex">
Envex

Envex is a company which develops financial instruments for electricity trading and emissions trading under the Clean Energy Bill 2011 and other environmental markets in Australia.
History.
The company was founded in February 2008 as a joint venture between Macquarie Group Limited and the Financial and Energy Exchange. In July of the same year Climate Exchange PLC, owner of the European Climate Exchange and the Chicago Climate Exchange, acquired a stake in Envex. Following the purchase of the European Climate Exchange by ICE, ICE also became the holder of Envex.
The core focus of Envex's work is to develop tradable contracts for Over-the-Counter and Exchange based trading to "enable trading in a range of environmental products" in the Australian markets. These include financial instruments related to the underlying units of the Mandatory Renewable Energy Target scheme, the Carbon Price Mechanism ( also known as the Clean Energy Bill 2011), the Queensland Gas Scheme, Victorian Energy Efficiency Target and South Australian Energy Savings Scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="20589206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589206" title="Krackhardt E/I Ratio">
Krackhardt E/I Ratio

The Krackhardt E/I Ratio (or variously the E-I Index) is a social network measure which the relative density of internal connections within a social group compared to the number of connections that group has to the external world. It was so described in a 1988 paper by David Krackhardt and Robert Stern noting the increased effectiveness in moments of crisis of organizations which had stronger informal networks that crossed formal internal group structures.
Comparisons with network theory.
The E/I ratio is related to the concept of conductance, which measures the likelihood that a random walk on a subgraph will exit that subgraph.

</doc>
<doc id="20589229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589229" title="Florence Gould Hall">
Florence Gould Hall

The Florence Gould Hall is a 361 seat, proscenium stage theatre and concert hall located in the French Institute Alliance Française in New York City, at 55 East 59th Street (between Madison and Park Avenue). It opened in the spring of 1988.
It is often the site of New York Theatre Ballet productions such as the Nutcracker, but is mostly home to French cultural events, as per the mission of FIAF.

</doc>
<doc id="20589248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589248" title="Llandudno Junction F.C.">
Llandudno Junction F.C.

Llandudno Junction FC are a part-time football club based in Llandudno Junction, playing in the Welsh Alliance League in Wales.
Club history.
The current club was founded as Hotpoint FC in 1975, playing in the Old Colwyn and District Sunday League. During the 1996–97 season the team moved to Llanfairfechan’s Recreation Ground due to the limitations of the Victoria Drive ground. As a result, the team changed its name to Llanfairfechan Athletic.
In 1998, the club returned to Llandudno Junction, to their current ground at The Flyover, which had previously been the home of Crosville. The team changed its name again, to "Llandudno Junction FC", for the 1999–2000 season.
Previous clubs.
Llandudno Junction FC are not the first team of that name. The original Llandudno Junction first played in the North Wales Coast League Division One in 1910, but folded in 1927.
A second Llandudno Junction entered the Vale Of Conwy League 3rd Division at the start of the 1937/38 season. In 1954, this second Llandudno Junction merged with Conwy to form Borough United.
The 2011-2012 season started well for the railway men, thanks to the signing of striker Wes Jones on loan from Betws Yn Rhos.
Jones is currently the clubs highest scorer with 12 goals, most notable the winner against local rivals Conwy United.
Women's Team.
Llandudno Junction's Ladies side currently compete in the Women's Welsh Premier League. They were founder members of the league in 2009, but suffered relegation in their first season. When the league expanded to 12 teams across a national set-up, Junction regained their place in the top flight.

</doc>
<doc id="20589258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589258" title="Colman nepos Cracavist">
Colman nepos Cracavist

Colman ("floruit" c.800), called nepos Cracavist ("grandson of Cracavist"), was a Hiberno-Latin author associated with the Carolingian Renaissance. His poetry is full of classical allusions and quotations of Virgil. He may have been a cleric at Rome, as the manuscript which nicknames him states; there were several such Colmans at Rome in the ninth century. He may be one of those responsible for spreading the cult of Saint Brigid in Italy. One manuscript suggests he was a bishop.
Connections with Bobbio.
On the basis of similarity in prosody, he has also been identified as the composer of certain poems traditionally assigned to Columban, the saint and founder of Bobbio Abbey. These are "Columbanus Fidolio", "Ad Hunaldum", "Ad Sethum", "Praecepta vivendi", and the "celeuma". Since the former was in manuscript by c.790 and the latter was probably used by Paul the Deacon (d.c.800), their poet's dates are set to the late eighth century. It is possible that Colman was merely the imitator of Columban. He would certainly have had access to the latter's works if he lived in Italy.
There survives a notice of some books gifted by a priest named Theodore to Bobbio ("Breve de libris Theodori Presbyteri") that lists: "Martyrologium Hieronymi, et de arithmetica Macrobii, Dionisii, Anatolii, Victorii, Bedae, Colmani, et epistolae aliorum sapientum liber i". Whether the Colman is the poet "nepos Cracavist" or another is unknown, likewise are the books of his donated.
Poem of Saint Brigid.
Colman wrote a 34-hexameter lyrical vignette which is the earliest poem about Saint Brigid, incipit "Quodam forte die caelo dum turbidus imber" ("One day, when a rain-storm happened to be raging in the heavens"). It survives in two manuscripts now at the Bibliothèque Nationale de France. The better reading is in BN lat. 18095, where his poem is titled "Versus Colmani episcopi de sancta Brigida" (Verses of bishop Colman of saint Brigid). This manuscript, place of origin unknown, was for some time in Notre-Dame-de-Paris. The other, BN nouv. acq. lat. 1615, a ninth-century manuscript from Saint-Benoît-sur-Loire called the "Liber sancti Benedicti Floriacensis", is a compilation of astronomy in which Colman's verses are found under the rubric "Colmanus nepos Cracavist in Roma virtutem hanc sanctae Brigitę praedicavi" in a section titled "De peritia cursus lunae et maris".
In the composition of his vignette, Colman relied on the prose sources Cogitosus and the "Vita Brigidae prima", as can be seen from his conflation of their accounts of Brigid's hanging her robe from a sunbeam: Cogitosus says as if from beam, the "Vita" as if on a rope. Colman uses both similes to describe the miracle. The poem may have been designed for use by a biographer composing a "vita" of Brigid.
Envoi to Colman.
Colman also wrote a short farewell poem to a fellow Irishman, also named Colman, who was returning to Ireland. He himself wrote the title for the piece in two hexameters: "Colmano versus in Colmanum perheriles / Scottigena ficti patriae cupidum et remeantem". Colman expresses regret that he will be left behind, but the poem is absent the personal pleading and admonition typical of its genre (and exemplified by fellow Carolingian poets Walahfrid Strabo and Gottschalk of Orbais). Colman speaks of himself as an old man at the time of this writing, though his countryman is young.
This poem is found alongside the Brigid piece in the manuscript known as BN nouv. acq. lat. 1615 and also in Reg. 15 B. xix in the British Museum, London. This last manuscript was written at Reims in the ninth century and was for a long time MS no. CCV at the Abbey of Saint-Remi.

</doc>
<doc id="20589267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589267" title="Isalo III Formation">
Isalo III Formation

The Isalo III Formation is a geological formation in Africa. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20589268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589268" title="Fifth Avenue Synagogue">
Fifth Avenue Synagogue

The Fifth Avenue Synagogue (קהלת עטרת צבי) is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue located at 5 East 62nd Street between Fifth and Madison Avenues in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.
Founding.
The synagogue was founded in 1958, by former members of Congregation Zichron Ephraim (now called Park East Synagogue) who opposed that congregation's decision to seat men and women together during services. Henry Hirsch, Myrtle Hirsch, Leib Merkin and Hermann Merkin were among the congregation's founders. Author Herman Wouk was an early member of the Fifth Avenue Synagogue.
Rabbi Emanuel Rackman was chosen in 1967 to succeed Rabbi Immanuel Jakobovits, who had been the founding Rabbi of the congregation in 1959 and been elected to serve as Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth. Rabbi Rackman served until 1977, when he was selected to serve as President of Bar-Ilan University. Rabbi Nisson Shulman served as the congregation's rabbi from 1977 until 1985. Rabbi Sol Roth assumed the leadership of the synagogue in 1986. 
Rabbi Yaakov Kermaier assumed leadership of Fifth Avenue Synagogue in 2003. He was elected President of the New York Board of Rabbis in 2010 and is a member of the UJA-Federation Board of Directors, the Executive Board of the Rabbinical Council of America (RCA) and AIPAC's National Council. Rabbi Kermaier chairs the Manhattan Eruv Committee and oversees the Eruv's maintenance and expansion. Before his arrival in Manhattan, Rabbi Kermaier led the Ohel Leah Synagogue in Hong Kong for six years. Fifth Avenue Synagogue's assistant rabbi is Rabbi Seth Grauer, who also serves as an assistant principal at Yeshiva University High School for Girls. The Chazzan is the noted cantor Joseph Malovany.
Building.
The stone-clad building was designed by Percival Goodman, an architect who described himself as "an agnostic who was converted by Hitler". Goodman sought to interpret Jewish tradition in modern ways in the more than 50 synagogues he designed. Herman Wouk described Goodman's design as a "traditional Sephardic layout" with the bimah and aron in the center area facing rows of seats, thereby taking advantage of the depth of the property. In May, 2010, a new mikvah at the Fifth Avenue Synagogue was dedicated. Funding for construction was provided by Ira Rennert and family.
In popular culture.
The synagogue appeared as a "cool 1950's apartment house" in a 2003 advertisement for the Infiniti Q45 luxury car in an ad created by the TBWA\Chiat\Day. The agency received permission to use the building in the background of the shot under the proviso that it not be identifiable, so the address on the awning was changed to the non-existent "63003 77th Street". The congregation was paid an undisclosed fee.

</doc>
<doc id="20589273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589273" title="Gummi candy">
Gummi candy

Gummi candy, gummy candy, gummies, or jelly sweets are a broad category of gelatin-based, chewy candies. In the United States and Germany, gummi bears are the most popular and best known of the gummi candies. Other common shapes include bottles, worms, frogs, hamburgers, sharks, toy soldiers, full-size rats, large human body parts (hearts, feet, faces), "Ampelmännchen" and Smurfs.
Gummi candy is sometimes combined with other forms of candy, such as marshmallow, chocolate, or sour sugar.
History.
Gummies have a long history as a popular confectionery. The candy was invented in Germany by Haribo from its founder Hans Riegel Sr., the father of current Haribo owner Hans Riegel, in 1922.
In 2008, R.M. Palmer Co. signed an agreement with Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to become a licensee producing seasonal novelty gummies sold in bags, boxes, or tins.
Types of gummies.
Bears.
The gummi bear originated in Germany, where it is popular under the name "Gummibär" (rubber bear) or "Gummibärchen" (little rubber bear). Hans Riegel Sr., a candy maker from Bonn, started the Haribo company in 1920.
Worms.
Gummi worms are a common variation first introduced by Trolli, a brand of the German Mederer GmbH (although the American branch is owned by Kraft Foods since 1996) on July 15, 1981, the 60th anniversary of gummi bears. The average gummi worms created by Trolli are advertised to be about 5 cm long. Gummi worms vary from 10 to 25 cm and have two different colors and flavors that mix in the middle of the gummi worm. Some other brands of gummi worms have more than two colors, and are longer than the original Trolli Brite Crawlers, and may have a sour coating or other variations.
Bottles.
Cola bottles are sweets in the shape of classic Coca-Cola-style bottles with a cola flavor. They are produced by numerous companies. "Fizzy Blue Bottles", made by Lutti (formerly part of the French division of the Leaf Candy Company, now controlled by a private investment group), are sweets typically found in a pick and mix selection. They are very similar to cola bottle gummies in shape, but blue and pink coloured and usually sour. "Blue Bottles", a variation from another company, have small rims around the sides, and are chewier and thicker, with a sweeter taste.
Rings.
Ring-shaped gummi candy is often covered in sugar or sour powder. The most common and popular flavor is the peach ring, but other flavors include green apple, melon, blue raspberry, strawberry, and aniseed - although these are typically coated in chocolate. A commonly known producer of gummi rings is Trolli, for which the gummi rings are an important asset.
Red frogs.
In Australia, jelly confectionery in the shape of frogs has been very popular since the 1930s. They are coloured red or green, although they are usually referred to as "red frogs".
Road kill gummies.
In February 2005, following complaints by the New Jersey Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Kraft decided to stop production of the controversial Trolli U.S. Road Kill Gummies. The society complained that the products, shaped as partly flattened squirrels, chickens and snakes, would give children an incorrect message on the proper treatment of animals.
Teeth gummies.
In Australia, jelly confectionery in the shape of teeth has been very popular since the 1930s. They are coloured pink and white, with pink representing the gums and teeth being white. They have a slight minty flavour, similar to mint toothpaste.
Discontinued Shapes.
At various times Haribo and other manufacturers of Gummi candies have introduced shapes such as lighthouses and guitars, the latter a tie-in with the popular Hannah Montana television series. Unfortunately, these shapes resembled male genitalia and were quickly withdrawn.
Health considerations.
Along with chocolate, chocolate chips and buttons, fudge, chocolate coated nuts and fruit, bubble gum, lollipops, toffee, jelly beans, marshmallows, sherbet, and Turkish delight, gummies landed on the "What's out in 2009" list for some Canadian schools. An audit in parts of Victoria, British Columbia, was planned for 2009 to ensure the government ban on selling the confectionery in school canteens and vending machines is obeyed.
Scientists have studied adding the tooth-protecting sugar substitute xylitol to gummies to fight tooth decay.

</doc>
<doc id="20589274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589274" title="Argeathoi">
Argeathoi

Argeathoi () was an ancient settlement in Arcadia, Greece. Its location has not been found, but Pausanias wrote that it was located near Nassoi, Lykountes and Skotane, which places it in the southern part of present Achaea. It was located in the Arcadian Azania, near the Soron forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="20589283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589283" title="On Ayn Rand">
On Ayn Rand

On Ayn Rand is a book about the life and thought of 20th-century philosopher Ayn Rand by scholar Allan Gotthelf. It was published in early 2000 by Wadsworth Publishing (now part of Cengage Learning) in its Wadsworth Philosophers series.
Reception.
Objectivist scholar Tara Smith reviewed the work for the "Review of Metaphysics" and described it as "an admirably essentialized review" that "joins scholarly rigor with firsthand knowledge of Rand’s thought to provide a systematic introduction to Rand’s philosophy." Smith does find some of Gotthelf's explanations to be "slightly too abbreviated for the targeted audience" and finds his brief treatment of some topics to be "somewhat frustrating."
In a review in "Teaching Philosophy", Irfan Khawaja says, "Gotthelf’s illuminating account of Rand’s epistemology offers an intriguing point of entry... as well as an object lesson on the relationship between epistemology and ethics... "On Ayn Rand" is a remarkable success... I can’t think of a piece of writing that better conveys both the systematicity and the grandeur of Rand’s thought than the last four pages of Gotthelf’s book." Rand enthusiast and accountancy scholar Edward W. Younkins also praised the work, calling it a "fine" but shorter version of Objectivist philosopher Leonard Peikoff's book about Rand's philosophy.
In a review, Rand scholar Chris Matthew Sciabarra welcomes the addition of another book to the literature about Rand, but criticizes Gotthelf for not addressing most other secondary works about Rand, in particular accusing him of "refusal to mention any non-orthodox works." Sciabarra says the book suffers from an "orthodox interpretation" of Rand's life and ideas, and also gives insufficient attention to her politics and aesthetics.
In a paper on the critical neglect of Rand's aesthetic philosophy, Michelle Marder Kamhi and Louis Torres criticized Gotthelf for spending a mere half a page of the book discussing the topic. Kamhi and Torres also criticised Gotthelf's statement that one's sense of life is directly dependent on philosophy (in contrast to Rand), and his uncritical acceptance of Rand's definition of romantic art in terms of the acceptance of man's free will.

</doc>
<doc id="20589290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589290" title="David Krackhardt">
David Krackhardt

David Krackhardt is Professor of Organizations at the Heinz College, the Tepper School of Business, and the Department of Social and Decision Sciences at Carnegie Mellon University in the United States. He is notable for being the author of KrackPlot, a network visualization software designed for social network analysis which is widely used in academic research.
Krackhardt received a BS degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a PhD from the University of California, Irvine. He was born in Belin, Massachusetts in 1950. He currently lives in Pennsylvania with his wife, Sharon, and three children, Stephen, Katherine, and Daniel.
He developed the concept of a Simmelian tie and is the founder of the Journal of Social Structure.

</doc>
<doc id="20589320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589320" title="The Seven Deadly Sins of Business">
The Seven Deadly Sins of Business

The book The Seven Deadly Sins of Business: Freeing the Corporate Mind from Doom-Loop Thinking is about seven mistakes that businesses often make that lead to financial loss or even bankruptcy. The author, Eileen C. Shapiro, details how these mistakes are often made because on the surface they appear to be good practices. However, they have harmful consequences that, if not discovered in time, can lead to misfortune for a business.
This book is geared towards managers because the “sins” involve decision making at higher levels. However, they can be applied to workers at all levels of an organization because faulty decisions can be made at personal as well as business-wide levels. The “seven deadly sins” also have great significance to entrepreneurs because someone starting and running their own business may not have the luxury of coworkers or bosses that can critique the decisions they make.
References.
Shapiro, Eileen C. (1998). The Seven Deadly Sins of Business: Freeing the Corporate Mind from Doom-loop Thinking. Oxford, UK: Capstone Publishing Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="20589351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589351" title="Darling (EP)">
Darling (EP)

Darling is a promotional EP by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was given out free at the launch of Minogue's perfume of the same name, at Harrods on 9 February 2007. It features two album tracks and three lives track from her 2005 .

</doc>
<doc id="20589352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589352" title="Louis Falk">
Louis Falk

Louis Wahl Falk III is the President of the House of Bishops of the Anglican Church in America. Until 2002 he was the Primate of the Traditional Anglican Communion, an international body of continuing Anglican churches.
Falk was born December 30, 1935, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In 1953 he graduated from the University School of Milwaukee. On September 3, 1955, he married Carol Alice Froemming. In 1958 Falk graduated from Lawrence College (now Lawrence University) with a major in philosophy and a Bachelor of Arts degree awarded "summa cum laude". He is a member of Phi Beta Kappa.
In 1962 Falk graduated with a Master of Divinity degree awarded "cum laude" from Nashotah House, a seminary of the Episcopal Church. On January 23, 1962, he was ordained a deacon, and on August 6, 1962, he was ordained a priest in the Episcopal Church.
Falk left the active ministry of the Episcopal Church and became a businessman. From 1976 to 1981 he was President of General Growth Management Company in Des Moines, Iowa.
In the late 1970s Falk joined the Anglican Catholic Church. He became Rector of Saint Aidan's Parish in Des Moines. In 1981 he was elected first bishop of the Diocese of the Missouri Valley. On February 14, 1981, in Des Moines, he was consecrated a bishop by James Orin Mote (Diocese of the Holy Trinity), Carmino de Cantanzaro (Anglican Catholic Church of Canada), William F. Burns (Diocese of the Resurrection), William O. Lewis (Diocese of the Midwest), and William Dejarnette Rutherford (Diocese of the Mid-Atlantic).
In 1983 Falk was elected Archbishop and Primate of the Anglican Catholic Church. In the late 1980s, under Falk's leadership, the Anglican Catholic Church entered into discussions with the American Episcopal Church to effect a union between the two bodies. The two bodies united in October 1991 to form the Anglican Church in America of which Falk became the first primate.
Falk helped convene and create the Traditional Anglican Communion, of which he also became the first primate. 
In 2002 Falk resigned as Primate of the Traditional Anglican Communion and was succeeded by Archbishop John Hepworth. In 2005 Falk retired as Primate of the Anglican Church in America and as Bishop Ordinary of the Diocese of the Missouri Valley. The church re-structured itself and decided not to have a primate, but instead a president of the House of Bishops. Falk was elected the first President of the House of Bishops. He was succeeded as Bishop of the Diocese of the Missouri Valley by Bishop Stephen D. Strawn.

</doc>
<doc id="20589354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589354" title="2008 Independence Bowl">
2008 Independence Bowl

The 2008 Independence Bowl marked the thirty-third edition of the college football bowl game, and was played at Independence Stadium in Shreveport, Louisiana.
Game summary.
The game was contested starting on Sunday, December 28, 2008, with a 7:15 PM US CST kickoff, telecast on ESPN. the contest pitted the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs against the Northern Illinois Huskies. Both Louisiana Tech and Northern Illinois were chosen because both of the contracted conferences - the Big 12 and the SEC - failed to produce enough bowl eligible teams as both had a pair of schools in the 2009 Bowl Championship Series. Prior to the game, citing financial difficulties stemming from the 2008 economic crisis, PetroSun pulled out as title sponsor.
Both participants were football-only members of the Big West Conference in the mid-1990s. This was the 7th football game between Louisiana Tech and Northern Illinois and the first since 1996. Tech now holds a 6-1 edge over Northern Illinois.
The game was Louisiana Tech's 4th appearance in the Independence Bowl and the first appearance since 1990 when Tech tied Maryland 34-34. The Bulldogs now hold an overall record of 2-1-1 in the Independence Bowl. The victory over Northern Illinois marked the first bowl game victory by the Bulldogs since their 1977 Independence Bowl victory over Louisville.
This was Northern Illinois' 1st appearance in the Independence Bowl and the 4th overall appearance in Division I FBS Bowl Games. Their previous appearances in bowl games include the 1983 California Bowl (20-13 victory over Cal State-Fullerton), 2004 Silicon Valley Classic (34-21 victory over Troy), and 2006 Poinsettia Bowl (37-7 loss to TCU).

</doc>
<doc id="20589388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589388" title="Leon Ichaso">
Leon Ichaso

Leon Ichaso (born August 3, 1948) is a Cuban American writer and film director.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Leon Ichaso was born in Havana August 3, 1948, into a family of well-known writers, journalists and artists. His father, Justo Rodríguez Santos, was one of Cuba's most respected poets and a pioneer in broadcast TV and radio -and his mother Antonia Ichaso had a radio magazine show in the 1940s.
Ichaso left the island for exile in Mexico and the United States, with his mother Antonia Ichaso and sister Mari Rodriguez Ichaso, at age 14. His father stayed behind to continue his unwavering support for the Cuban Revolution. Five years later he joined his family in New York.
Career.
Leon Ichaso is known as a director who specializes in gritty urban realism. He first made his mark with the independently made Spanish-language feature, "El Super" (1979), based on an Off-Broadway play about an immigrant building superintendent trying to make his way in New York City. It took six years for the filmmaker to follow up on this study, but "Crossover Dreams" (1985), was a fine first shot at a somewhat more mainstream film. The film was a hard-hitting look at different but mixed US Latino communities, life in the barrio and the potent drive of salsa music.
Imported into the Hollywood scene, Ichaso found his talent for telling tough stories of the big city slotted into action series on TV (e.g., "Miami Vice", "Crime Story", "The Equalizer") and TV movies as "The Fear Inside", "The Take", "A Table at Ciro's" and "A Kiss to Die For". Ichaso later directed Wesley Snipes's "Sugar Hill" (1994), a character study wedded to a violent crime drama of a New York drug empire.
In the Dominican Republic and Cuba in 1995, Ichaso made "Azúcar amarga" ("Bitter Sugar"), a Spanish language film about a disillusioned Cuban Communist.
For the next several years, Ichaso worked in several TV-movies, some of which were adaptations of acclaimed plays. "Zooman" (Showtime, 1995) was an adaptation of an Off-Broadway play dealing with a family coping with the murder of child. "Execution of Justice" (Showtime, 1999) was also derived from a Broadway play that detailed the events behind the murders of San Francisco mayor George Moscone and supervisor Harvey Milk. While told from the point of view of the assassin, Dan White, Ichaso's film remained neutral and demonstrated that the questions surrounding a highly charged event could not be reduced to simple answers.
Ichaso next tackled a pair of small screen biographies "Ali: An American Hero" (Fox, 2000) and "Hendrix" (Showtime, 2000). He later wrote and directed the highly acclaimed biographical feature "Piñero" (2001), about the life of Puerto Rican author Miguel Piñero, who had the soul of a poet but lived the life of a thief. Ichaso employed a collage-like approach to the author's life, including flashbacks, drug-induced dreams and scenes from stage performances to create a portrait of an intriguing, if difficult, person.
After working again for Showtime ("Sleeper Cell", 2005), "Cane", "The Cleaner" (A&E), "Persons Unknown" (Fox/Televisa 2008 and 2009), developing his own future projects ("Monk"), and teaching movie directing in France, in 2004, Ichaso started working on the screenplay of salsa singer Héctor Lavoe's biography, "El Cantante". This was shot in 2006 and stars Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony.
His last movie "Paraiso", filmed in Miami in 2008, opened during the 2009 Miami International Film Festival in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20589396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589396" title="Academia Bârlădeană">
Academia Bârlădeană

The Academia Bârlădeană (Academy of Bârlad) was a cultural society, founded on May 1, 1915 in the city of Bârlad (Tutova County) - at present Vaslui County - by George Tutoveanu, Toma Chiricuţă and Tudor Pamfile.
Background.
After the unification of the Romanian principalities cultural activities started developing in the city of Bârlad, exceeding in importance the ones of other provincial cities of Romania. Important cultural magazines and newspapers were published in the city such as:
Establishment of the academy.
The Academia Bârlădeană was founded on May 1, 1915 in the city of Bârlad (Tutova County) - at present Vaslui County - by George Tutoveanu, Toma Chiricuţă and Tudor Pamfile. The scope of the academy, was to hold meetings where literary works were to be presented and discussed, to organize lectures on literary subjects, to publish literary magazines and to promote culture in the rural areas.
Activities of the academy.
The meetings of the Academy were organized weekly. During World War I, when Wallachia was occupied by German forces and many intellectuals had fled to Moldavia, a second literary soiree was held on Thursdays, under the chairmanship of Alexandru Vlahuţă, in the house of professor Eugeniu Bulbuc, where Vlahuţă was temporarily lodged as refugee.
In the 1920s and 1930s the activities of the academy were extended. 
The meetings of the academy were attended by intellectuals from Bârlad and from other Romanian cities. Poets such as Vasile Voiculescu, Ion Barbu and George Bacovia read some of their poems at these meetings.
The regular presence Iuliu and Virgil Niţulescu, physicians, G. Alexandrescu, professor at the Gheorghe Lazăr High School in Bucharest, C. Gruia, professor at the Normal School in Ploieşti, M. Rădulescu, professor at the High School in Buzău is to be mentioned. Other persons attending the meeting were Donar Munteanu, Victor Ion Popa, Vasile Voiculescu, Mihai Lungeanu, I.M. Raşcu, I. Valerian, Petru Cancel, captain Iulian Popovici, captain G. Alexandrescu, Mihai Lupescu, Natalia Paşa, George Pallady, G.M. Vlădescu, George Ponetti, C.R. Crişan, Virgil Duiculescu, Dr. Isac Veinfeld (Ion Palodă) and N. Bogescu. The academy also tried to attract younger intellectuals. The new generation was represented by George Nedelea, Vasile Damaschin, Ştefan Cosma, G.G. Ursu, George Damaschin, Cicerone Mucenic, M. Panaite, Constantin Rânzescu, G. Ioniţă, Paul Viscocil, Emil Tudor, Constantin Dimoftache Zeletin. Less active were other members were Nichifor Crainic, Pamfil Şeicaru, Atanasie Mândru, Gheorghe Tașcă, Ion Buzdugan, V. Savel, Gr. Veja, N.N. Lenguceanu, C. Z. Buzdugan, I. Pajură, N. Lupu, Aurel Balaban, Zoe C. Frasin, Ion Vicol and Marieta Creangă.
Among the lecturers who presented their views to the academy the most important were George Tutoveanu, Victor Ion Popa, G.G. Ursu, Mircea Pavelescu, George Pallady, Ionel Teodoreanu, Anastasie Mândru, Tudor Vianu and Ioan A. Bassarabescu.
Literary meetings were also organized in other Romanian cities such as Tecuci and Bălţi (now in the Republic of Moldova). The academy also organized meetings in rural areas such as the villages of Pochidia (at the estate of Gheorghe Tașcă), Zorleni, Unţeşti, Gohor, Barcea and Iveşti.
The Academy published the following magazines and newspapers:
The activities of the academy were discontinued at the beginning of World War II. The academy was disestablished when the Communist Party took power.
Reestablishment of the academy.
After the Romanian Revolution of 1989 the Academia Bârlădeană was reestablished. The present honorary chairman is Professor doctor C.D. Zeletin and the acting chairman Professor doctor Mona Elena Diaconu.

</doc>
<doc id="20589424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589424" title="Puerto Rico Commission on Public Service">
Puerto Rico Commission on Public Service

The Puerto Rico Public Service Commission is one of Puerto Rico's oldest regulatory bodies whose jurisdiction has changed over the years.
The PSC currently regulates the retail sale of natural gas, used primarily for cooking in Puerto Rico. It also regulates trucking and "público" cars, or jitneys, among other regulatory functions.
Adolfo L. Monserrate Anselmi served at one time as Associate Commissioner along with Rafael Hernández Colón.
The multi-member PSC was headed by Roberto Maldonado until December 31, 2008. Governor Luis Fortuño appointed María T. Fullana as chairwoman of the PSC on January 4, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20589427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589427" title="Turn to Red/Almost Red">
Turn to Red/Almost Red

Turn to Red/Almost Red is an EP and the debut release by English rock band Killing Joke. The EP was originally released as "Turn to Red" in October 1979, through record label Malicious Damage, and then released as "Almost Red" in November through Island Records and featuring an added track, "Almost Red".
History.
In early 1979, Jaz Coleman and Paul Ferguson left Matt Stager Band to form Killing Joke. They placed an advertisement in the music press which attracted guitarist Kevin "Geordie" Walker and bass guitarist Martin "Youth" Glover. According to Coleman, their manifesto was to "define the exquisite beauty of the atomic age in terms of style, sound and form."
In late 1979, they began the Malicious Damage record label with graphic artist Mike Coles as a way to press and sell their music.
Background.
"Turn to Red"/"Almost Red" came to the attention of legendary DJ John Peel, who was keen to champion the band's urgent new sound, and the releases received extensive airplay.
Killing Joke quickly progressed this sound into something denser, more aggressive and more akin to heavy metal with their debut studio album, "Killing Joke".
The "Turn to Red" release has become a collectable for the four scarce "art cards" that were included with the disc in its clear plastic sleeve. The track "Turn to Red" featured a locked groove, repeating the word "red" infinitely.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Killing Joke (Jaz Coleman, Kevin "Geordie" Walker, Martin "Youth" Glover, Paul Ferguson).

</doc>
<doc id="20589466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589466" title="Fairview Creek">
Fairview Creek

Fairview Creek is a tributary of the Columbia Slough in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek forms in a wetland near Grant Butte in Gresham and flows north for to Fairview Lake in Fairview. Grant Butte, rising to above sea level, is one of eight dormant volcanic formations near Gresham. Fairview Creek begins northeast of the butte at an elevation of and falls to an elevation of at the lake. 
The creek is a former tributary of the Columbia River, which it reached by flowing north through wetlands in the Columbia's floodplain. In the early 20th century, an artificial channel diverted the water from these wetlands to the Columbia Slough, a tributary of the Willamette River. In 1960, water managers built a dam to create Fairview Lake for water storage and recreation. The lake covers about and is to deep. Fairview Creek has two named tributaries, No Name Creek, and Clear Creek. A smaller stream, Osborn Creek, also flows into Fairview Lake, which empties through a weir and culvert system on the west side of the lake into the upper slough. 
In 2002, the City of Gresham adopted a plan for a hiking and biking trail to run partly along the creek. The trail was designed to provide a north-south connection between the Springwater Corridor Trail along Johnson Creek to the south and the 40 Mile Loop trail along the Columbia River. As of 2008, a segment of the trail between Northeast Halsey Street and Northeast Burnside Road was open to the public. Unfinished segments between Northeast Halsey and the Springwater Corridor are expected to be ready by autumn 2009. If so, at that point of the trail will be open to the public.
Works cited.
Bureau of Environmental Services (BES) (2005). "Columbia Slough: Current Characterization Documents", "Chapter 5, Streamflow and Hydrology Characterization" (pdf). Portland, Oregon: City of Portland. Retrieved on 2008-12-14.

</doc>
<doc id="20589469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589469" title="Cinder Block (musician)">
Cinder Block (musician)

Cinder Block (born Cindy Morgan, May 13, 1961) is an American punk rock vocalist and visual artist. Cinder sang for Fat Wreck band, Tilt from 1992 to 2001. 
She sang with all-girl band, Fabulous Disaster for a short time. She would then go on to form the hardcore punk band, Retching Red.
Her lyrics typically focus on left wing political themes and other irreverent topics.
She was married to Jeffrey Bischoff, former Tilt guitarist, with whom she co-founded a licensing and merchandising store, Cinder Block Inc. She is currently partners with Mike "Cyco Loco" Avilez, bassist for Retching Red, and the vocalist for the 1990s punk bands Oppressed Logic, Strung Up and Last Round Up. Cinder makes silkscreens and has been doing so for almost two decades. She also worked for Fabula magazine and Punk Rock Confidential. Cinder earned a BFA in Theatre from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20589477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589477" title="Roman Gradual">
Roman Gradual

The Roman Gradual (Latin Graduale Romanum) is an official liturgical book of the Roman Rite containing chants, including the Gradual but many more as well, for use at Mass
The latest edition, that of 1974, takes account of the 1970 revision of the Roman Missal. 
In 1979, the "Graduale Triplex: The Roman Gradual With the Addition of Neums from Ancient Manuscripts" (ISBN 978-2852740440 in English; ISBN 978-2-85274-094-5 in Latin) was published. It adds reproductions of the neumes from ancient manuscripts placed above and below the later notation.
Description.
The Roman Gradual includes the Introit (entrance chant: antiphon with verses), the gradual psalm (now usually replaced by the responsorial psalm), the sequence (now for only two obligatory days in the year), the Gospel acclamation, the offertory chant, and the Communion antiphon. It includes chants that are also published as the Kyriale, a collection of chants for the Order of Mass: Asperges chant, Kyrie, Gloria, Credo, Sanctus, Agnus Dei.
There have been and are other Graduals, apart from the Roman Gradual. For instance, the Dominican Order had its own rite of Mass and its own Gradual: "Graduale juxta ritum sacri ordinis praedicatorum" (Gradual according to the rite of the Sacred Order of Preachers).
Structure of the 1974 edition.
The 1974 Roman Gradual is arranged into 8 major sections:
History.
Originally the book was called an "antiphonale missarum" ("Antiphonal of the Mass"). Graduals, like the later Cantatory, may have originally included only the responsorial items, the Gradual, Alleluia, and Tract.
In 1908 a revised edition of the Roman Gradual was published. In it Pope Pius X gave official approval to the work of the monastery of Solesmes, founded in the 1830s by Dom Guéranger, was done by Dom Pothier in restoring Gregorian chant to its purity by removing the alterations it had undergone, not really for the better, in the centuries immediately preceding. The work had involved much research and study.
That edition of the Roman Gradual was the basis also of a more general compilation of chants known as the Liber Usualis. This was not an official liturgical book, but it contained all the chants of the Roman Gradual, as well as other chants and hymns and instructions on the proper way to sing them.
In 1974, after the Second Vatican Council an edition of the Roman Gradual based on that of 1908 was issued. While the melodies remained unchanged, there was a relocation of pieces to fit the revised Roman Missal and calendar. Some chants were replaced by ancient ones rediscovered after 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="20589486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589486" title="Dismal Lakes">
Dismal Lakes

Dismal Lakes are a series of three interconnected lakes in the Canadian Northwest Territories located roughly midway between the Coronation Gulf and Great Bear Lake, east of the Dease River. The Teshierpi River discharges into the narrows between the second and third Dismal Lakes, and the third lake discharges into the Kendall River. The lakes were named by explorer Thomas Simpson.
Two miles west of the western lake is Sandy Creek, which flows south into the Dease River. The west end of western lake is surrounded by bare hills covered in sharp broken rock, and it is from this barren area that the lakes get their name. Three small brooks enter the lake at this end, one from the south, and two from the west. Approximately six miles from the western end of the lake it narrows to half a mile, and on the other side of these narrows the lake is surrounded by rounded slopes covered with grass and heaths. There is a shallow sandbar extending across the eastern end of the lake.
The narrows between the first and second lakes are a favored crossing-place for the caribou. The narrow river is confined between steep gravel hills and has a fairly strong current.
The center lake is hemmed in by mountains. On the north side the Coppermine Mountains rise in terraces to nearly one thousand feet. There are some small spruce in a cove on the north shore. On the south side of the lake is Teshierpi Mountain, the southern-most spur of the Coppermine Mountains, rising approximately 800 feet. At the east end of the lake is a shallow sandbar which extends across the width of the lake, followed by a series of small willow covered islands.
The narrows between the second and third lakes is a short river with a sandy channel. The Teshierpi River joins this channel from the south.
The eastern lake is the smallest of the three, approximately three miles long and a mile wide. It is surrounded by gently rising grassy shores and, at a distance, mountains. There is a shallow sandbar extending across the eastern end of the lake. The third lake discharges into the Kendall River, which flows southwest into the Coppermine River. The extreme end of the third lake is sparsely wooded with small spruce, which extend down the Kendall.
The Dismal Lakes are one of the historical homes of Nagyuktogmiut, a Copper Inuit subgroup.

</doc>
<doc id="20589493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589493" title="Tomonori Maeda">
Tomonori Maeda


</doc>
<doc id="20589499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589499" title="Cautelary jurisprudence">
Cautelary jurisprudence

Cautelary jurisprudence is law made in a precautionary way prior to or outside of the normal legislative enactment. It meant empirical, practical legal efforts aimed at solving individual cases, as distinguished from regular jurisprudence which sought to establish abstract rules under which individual cases would fall. Its first proponent was Quintus Mucius Scaevola Pontifex, who thus gave his name to the Roman designation for this kind of law, the "cautio muciana".
Cautelary law is a tentative "procedure" used by lawyers. Initially, in Ancient Rome, the idea of inheritance as being subject to conditions was not in practice. With "cautio muciana" it gave those who are to inherit a legacy, the "legatees", a "negative authority" over something which otherwise would not have occurred until the death of the owner of the legacy, the "legator". It thus also makes it possible for the legator to gain promises from legatees.
The legatee provides a stipulatio or "cautio", promising something in return for a legacy. Thus, for example, it may be stipulated in the negative, "I agree that I can have full and exclusive use of, and live in the house, so long as I am not married."
The "cautio muciana" is one of a long list of legal devices invented used by the Romans to address practical situations without changes of general principles.
Cautelary jurisprudence nowadays is associated with inheritance law and the administration of trusts. The various inventions by lawyers of these new, arrangements, or forms of law, are often enacted outside of nation or state legislature, but with agreement amongst other lawyers and/or judges. Often, many years later, such arrangements are fully enacted as a 'catching up' exercise by the legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="20589526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589526" title="2008 Humanitarian Bowl">
2008 Humanitarian Bowl

The 2008 Humanitarian Bowl was a postseason college football bowl game between the Maryland Terrapins and the Nevada Wolf Pack on December 30, 2008. It was the two teams' first meeting. The game featured two conference tie-ins: the University of Maryland represented the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and the University of Nevada represented the Western Athletic Conference (WAC). The game was played at Bronco Stadium in Boise, Idaho and was the 12th edition of the Humanitarian Bowl. It was sponsored by the New Plymouth, Idaho-based company Roady's Truck Stops, which claims to be the largest chain of truck stops in the United States.
The featured match-up was between what was called a "wildly inconsistent" Maryland team and the third-best rushing defense and fifth-best total offense of Nevada. The result was an offensive shoot-out. The final score of 42–35 in favor of Maryland exceeded total-points predictions by as much as 17 and tied the all-time Humanitarian Bowl record.
Before the kickoff, seven Maryland players, including six starters, received partial-game suspensions for violating the team's curfew. Maryland took a quick lead within the first two minutes of play, but repeated errors allowed Nevada to remain competitive and the lead changed hands five times. In the second quarter, Nevada's dual-threat quarterback, Colin Kaepernick, was hobbled by an ankle injury that altered the complexion of the game. Nevertheless, Kaepernick remained in the game for almost its entirety and was able to scramble for a touchdown. Halfway through the third quarter, Maryland's leading running back, Da'Rel Scott, made his first appearance of the game. He had been one of the suspended players, but scored twice in the final quarter to help secure a victory for the Terrapins.
Team selection.
The ACC had a contractual tie-in with the Humanitarian Bowl that afforded the bowl organizing committee the eighth pick of the conference's bowl-eligible teams. An ACC team participated in the game every year from 2003 to 2008. Before the selections, the ACC announced that 2008 would be the final year of its tie-in with the game due to travel and cost considerations.
The other conference tie-in was with the WAC, which has generally fielded its champion in the game. The WAC has provided a team for the Humanitarian Bowl every year since 2001. Initially, it was speculated that the WAC championship team, Boise State, would make its fifth appearance in the bowl played in its home stadium.
Potential "Battle of the Unbeatens".
At the end of the regular season, there were three undefeated teams from non-Bowl Championship Series (BCS) conferences, and National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) rules required only one to be given a berth in a BCS game. These three non-BCS teams were Ball State, Boise State, and Utah. The Utes were considered heavy favorites for that berth. In a preemptive move, Humanitarian Bowl officials conducted negotiations with Ball State of the Mid-American Conference (MAC) in an effort to arrange a "Battle of the Unbeatens" with Boise State. If Ball State accepted, presumably with the consent of the ACC, it would have forced a team from the ACC to find an at-large bid. However, Ball State officials were unhappy with the home-field advantage that would have been given to Boise State and the expenses associated with traveling to Idaho. Ball State, which lost the MAC Championship Game and ended its perfect record, declined the overtures and instead met Tulsa in the 2009 GMAC Bowl.
ACC team selection.
In 2008, the ACC experienced a season of unusual parity and fielded an NCAA-record number of ten bowl-eligible teams. Six of those possessed identical 4–4 conference records, and the remaining four had 5–3 conference records. Among the eligible teams, N.C. State (6–6) possessed the only non-winning overall record and was therefore forced by NCAA rules to find an at-large berth outside of the ACC tie-in games.
For the 2008 season, the ACC possessed nine tie-in games. The Orange Bowl was the conference's BCS game and granted an automatic bid to the winner of the ACC Championship Game. The Chick-fil-A Bowl in Atlanta, Georgia had the first-pick of eligible ACC teams after the BCS game, followed by the Gator Bowl in Jacksonville, Florida and the Champs Sports Bowl in Orlando, Florida. The Music City Bowl in Nashville, Tennessee; the Meineke Car Care Bowl in Charlotte, North Carolina; and the Emerald Bowl in San Francisco, California submitted their preferences together, and selected in that order if an agreement between them could not be reached. A special clause also guaranteed that, with a minimum of eight wins, the loser of the championship game would be selected no lower than by the Music City Bowl. The Humanitarian Bowl had the eighth-overall choice followed by the inaugural EagleBank Bowl in Washington, D.C.
That season, an economic recession factored into the selections. In general, bowl officials attempted to select teams in close geographic proximity to compensate for an anticipated drop in ticket sales. Maryland, however, stated that they would not accept a berth to face in-state rival Navy in the nearby EagleBank Bowl due to a conflict with the school's final exams. The Emerald Bowl was not seen as a viable choice due to Maryland's participation in it the year prior.
Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen made his case to bowl officials by saying that the Terrapins had beaten four of the other five 4–4 teams and not played a game against the fifth, Miami. Three of those teams were selected ahead of Maryland: the Meineke Car Care Bowl selected the nearby North Carolina team; the Gator Bowl chose Clemson, a school with a traditionally well-traveling fanbase; and the Emerald Bowl selected Miami. After the higher-priority bowl games made their selections, the Humanitarian Bowl had the choice of either Maryland or Wake Forest, the school with the smallest enrollment in any BCS football conference. Humanitarian Bowl officials chose Maryland in light of its larger alumni base, well-traveled fans, and greater television marketing potential.
In week 12 of the 2008 season, Maryland possessed a 7–3 record and stood atop the ACC Atlantic Division. However, the Terps lost their final two regular season games and slid to a four-way tie for third place in the division. Earlier in the season, Maryland defeated four ranked opponents, a feat surpassed only by the two teams that played in the BCS National Championship Game, Florida and Oklahoma—and those each played an extra game with their conference championships. Maryland spent three weeks ranked in the top-25 of the Associated Press Poll.
WAC team selection.
At the end of the 2008 season, the WAC had six bowl-eligible teams, five of which participated in bowl games. The WAC had three conference tie-ins: the New Mexico Bowl in Albuquerque, New Mexico; the Hawaii Bowl in Honolulu, Hawaii; and the Humanitarian Bowl. Additionally, the WAC had provisions for conditional participation in the Poinsettia Bowl in San Diego, California; the Independence Bowl in Shreveport, Louisiana; and the GMAC Bowl in Mobile, Alabama.
In the past, the Humanitarian Bowl usually selected the WAC championship team. However, Boise State was not content to play a middle-grade ACC team after negotiations with Ball State failed. The WAC commissioner said that the Broncos would look for another match-up that had "the same type of sizzle" as a match-up against Ball State. The "Idaho Statesman" added that "The Terrapins don't 'sizzle.'" Boise State traveled to the Poinsettia Bowl, where they faced 11th-ranked TCU, which had lost only to the BCS-bound Oklahoma and Utah teams.
In Nevada's final regular season game, Kaepernick led the Wolf Pack in a second-half comeback to defeat Louisiana Tech. The seventh win guaranteed Nevada a berth in one of the three WAC tie-in bowls. The Wolf Pack finished the season in a three-way tie for second place in the WAC alongside Hawaii and Louisiana Tech. Hawaii had a standing contract with the home-town Hawaii Bowl where it played Notre Dame. Louisiana Tech, having lost to both Nevada and Hawaii, appeared unlikely to be selected for a bowl at all. However, the Bulldogs were able to take advantage of a provisional WAC berth in the Independence Bowl since neither the Big 12 nor the Southeastern Conference could provide eligible teams. Two other WAC teams achieved bowl eligibility with 6–6 records. Fresno State secured a slot in the New Mexico Bowl, but San Jose State was unable to find an at-large berth.
With Boise State's decision to decline the Humanitarian Bowl invitation, the organizing committee looked to Nevada. Like Maryland, Nevada ended the regular season with a 7–5 record. The Wolf Pack's schedule included losses against then sixth-ranked Missouri, ninth-ranked Boise State, and 12th-ranked Texas Tech. Nevada finished the regular season ranked second nationally in rushing offense and fifth in total offense. The Wolf Pack possessed two 1,000-yard rushers: dual-threat quarterback Colin Kaepernick and running back Vai Taua. Kaepernick also threw for more than 2,000 yards.
On December 7, 2008, the Humanitarian Bowl officially extended invitations to Maryland and Nevada, both of which were accepted.
Pre-game buildup.
Location.
The site of the game was Bronco Stadium in Boise, Idaho, the home field of Boise State University. The field's blue artificial turf has the distinction of being the only non-green playing field in use by a Division I Football Bowl Subdivision team. Due to the color of its field, the stadium is nicknamed "The Blue" and the field itself is sometimes colloquially referred to as "smurf turf".
Pundits and opponents have asserted that Boise State benefits from an added advantage by wearing their blue home uniforms to match the playing field. Boise State possessed a 64–2 record at Bronco Stadium from 1998 to 2008. Nevada, designated as the home team, likewise wore blue uniforms during the Humanitarian Bowl.
ACC teams viewed a berth in the Humanitarian Bowl as undesirable due to its location. Aside from being one of the lower priority tie-ins, the destination is far outside the conference's geographic footprint. Travel costs from the East Coast are prohibitively expensive and historically caused low turnout among ACC fans. In addition, the game is hosted at a cold-weather venue, which is a disadvantage in comparison with ACC bowl games in places such as Florida, California, and Georgia.
The game historically relied on local ticket sales, and the participating schools struggled to sell their alloted tickets. On December 8, a Boise-area television news station reported that Maryland and Nevada had sold just sixteen and eight tickets, respectively. The story was widely circulated by sports-related blogs, but the figures were discredited by a Maryland official. On December 18, the Reno Gazette-Journal reported that 100 tickets had been sold by Nevada. Maryland officials admitted that ticket sales among its fans were expected to be low, with one stating they were in the "mid-hundreds" a week and a half from the game date. According to a "Baltimore Sun" reporter, Maryland's final ticket figure was about 800. By comparison, Clemson sold about 3,500 tickets for the 2001 Humanitarian Bowl, and Georgia Tech sold about 250 tickets for the 2007 Humanitarian Bowl.
Team comparison.
Predictions for the game varied, but generally favored Nevada with Maryland as the underdog. Several publications, including "Sports Illustrated", named Nevada as three-point favorites in spread betting. ESPN's ACC correspondent predicted Nevada to win by 21 points. Las Vegas betting firms assigned Nevada as 0.5- to 3.0-point favorites. The over-under was predicted to be between 60.0 and 62.0 points.
Under head coach Ralph Friedgen, Maryland had earned a reputation for inconsistency, sometimes even being referred to as "schizophrenic". During the regular season, the Terrapins managed to beat four of the five top-25 teams they faced: 23rd-ranked California, 20th-ranked Clemson, 21st-ranked Wake Forest, and 16th-ranked North Carolina. All of those teams subsequently participated in bowl games. However, Maryland also lost to teams they were expected to defeat. They lost by ten points to 12.5-point underdogs Middle Tennessee State. Maryland suffered a 31-point shut-out against Virginia, a team (then 1–3) that had lost to Duke, 31–3, the week prior.
Nevada suffered three of its five losses against then top-twelve ranked teams. They lost to Big 12 Championship runner-up Missouri and Texas Tech, which, in midseason, was in contention for the national championship and was led by Heisman Trophy prospect Graham Harrell. Nevada managed a close game against Boise State. The Wolf Pack lost by seven points to a team that recorded an average 21.4-point margin of victory in a perfect 12–0 regular season. Boise State preserved victory when a Hail Mary pass from Kaepernick was broken up in the final seconds. Nevada, however, was also accused of inconsistent play. The Wolf Pack suffered a home loss to "perennial WAC bottom-feeder" New Mexico State, 48–45.
Maryland offense vs. Nevada defense.
Maryland's offense was run by first-year offensive coordinator and former wide receivers coach James Franklin, who utilized a West Coast system. During the 2008 regular season, starting quarterback Chris Turner threw for 2,318 yards, 11 touchdowns, and 10 interceptions. NFL Draft prospect Darrius Heyward-Bey accumulated 561 receiving yards in ten games. Heyward-Bey also recorded 208 rushing yards and was often utilized in reverses and other trick plays due to his breakaway speed. Maryland had another offensive weapon in running back Da'Rel Scott, who ran for 959 yards during the regular season. Overall, the rushing offense gained 134.5 yards per game and was ranked 72nd in the nation. Against Virginia Tech and Boston College, Maryland rushed for −12 and −6 yards, respectively. The previous year, in the 2007 Emerald Bowl against Oregon State, Maryland recorded 19 yards on the ground against the then second-ranked rushing defense.
About Maryland, Nevada head coach Chris Ault said, "Their offense to me is very balanced. They can run the ball and do a good job. With Chris Turner, they split out and they have some nice receivers. Whereas Missouri was going to throw it as much as Texas Tech did, I think Maryland is probably one of the more balanced teams we've played this year."
The Maryland offense faced first-year defensive coordinator Nigel Burton's Nevada defense. It ranked third in the nation against the run, allowing 74.5 rushing yards per game, but was last (120th) in the nation in passing defense, allowing an average of 321.1 passing yards per game. Nevada was ranked eighth in the number of quarterback sacks with 35. Kevin Basped, ranked tenth in the nation in sacks, and Dontay Moch, ranked fifteenth, accumulated more than nine each. Maryland quarterback Turner was sacked 11 times in the Terrapins' last two games against Florida State and Boston College. Nevada was also ranked sixth nationally in tackles for loss, with an average of 8.0 per game.
Nevada offense vs. Maryland defense.
In 2008, Nevada typically ran an offensive scheme referred to as the "pistol offense", a system that was pioneered by head coach Chris Ault. In the pistol offense, the quarterback lines up four yards directly behind the center and with a running back directly behind the quarterback. Under the system, the offense attempts to keep the opposing defense off balance by diversifying the types of plays that can be run, with a focus on running up the middle, "quarterback keepers" in which the passer runs the ball, and play action passes where the quarterback fakes a hand-off before throwing to a receiver. It aims to create man-to-man match-ups with the receivers and compensate for an undersized offensive line. With the running back obscured from view by the quarterback, it can also create confusion for the opposing linebackers and allow more effective deception, which is critical to play-action fakes.
The system worked well during the regular season. Nevada starting quarterback and 2008 WAC Offensive Player of the Year Colin Kaepernick ran for more than 1,100 yards and 16 touchdowns in addition to passing for 2,479 yards and 19 touchdowns. Alongside Kaepernick, Nevada's rushing offense was led by running back Vai Taua, who ran for 1,420 yards and 14 touchdowns. With two 1,000-yard rushers for the first time in school history, Nevada ran for an average of 291.4 yards per game. Nevada was ranked fifth nationally in terms of total offense, averaging 510.6 yards per game.
With regards to facing the pistol offense, Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen said, "If we can keep our assignments and tackle, we'll be OK. One missed tackle could be a big play ... With the throwing game, there could be a lot of one-on-one situations. To me, it's pick your poison. What they do best is run it. What we'd like to do is get them off schedule. If they mix it, then we're in trouble."
Nevada coach Ault said, "I think the Maryland defense is as physical as Missouri's was." Kaepernick said, "You notice how disciplined and how hard they play. They're never out of alignment. If they're supposed to be somewhere, they're going to be there and they're going to be ready to make a play. When plays come their way, they make them. That's something we have to be ready for. We have to find a weakness and exploit it."
Personnel changes.
Maryland coaching changes.
After Maryland's last regular-season game, defensive coordinator Chris Cosh and tight ends coach and special teams assistant Danny Pearman announced their resignations. Cosh returned to Kansas State, where he had coached before Maryland, to assume defensive play-calling duties under recently re-hired head coach Bill Snyder. Danny Pearman returned to his alma mater, Clemson, to work for Dabo Swinney, who had been promoted from offensive coordinator to interim head coach and, finally, head coach for the Tigers. For the bowl game, Maryland's defensive line coach, Al Seamonson, was named as the interim defensive coordinator. Third-year intern Brian White filled in for Pearman as the interim tight ends coach and would assist head coach Friedgen in running the special teams.
Maryland player suspensions.
Shortly before the game, Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen placed partial-game suspensions on seven players who violated the team's pre-bowl curfew. The suspended players were linebackers Moise Fokou, Trey Covington, Antwine Perez, and Derek Drummond, cornerback Jamari McCollough, the quarterback's preferred third-down wide receiver Danny Oquendo, and leading running back Da'Rel Scott. All except Drummond were regular starters. Consequently, a much younger line-up started for Maryland, including, according to Friedgen, some who probably would not have seen playing time otherwise.
Friedgen stated that the curfew violations occurred over several nights, and that different players violated the rule to separate degrees. He informed Maryland athletic director Deborah Yow of the infractions and initially suggested sending all of the curfew violators back to Maryland by bus. Yow dissented, and they agreed to suspend the players for part of the game. Describing the incident, Friedgen said that "Five percent of guys thought they didn't need to listen to me, that they could get bed checked and sneak out." He added, "But I checked again at 1 o'clock. "This is not my first rodeo."
Game summary.
The 2008 Humanitarian Bowl kicked off at 2:30 p.m. Mountain Time on Tuesday, December 30, 2008 in front of a crowd of 26,781 spectators at Bronco Stadium in Boise, Idaho. The weather conditions were cloudy with a temperature of 38 °F (3 °C) and wind at eight mph (12.9 km/h) from the southeast. The officiating staff consisted of referee Clair Gausman, umpire Rico Orsot, linesman Cal McNeill, line judge Gary McNanna, back judge Tom Bessant, field judge Shane Standley, side judge Kim Nelson, and scorer Mike Cannon. The game was televised on ESPN and drew a television rating of 2.1 for an estimated 3,039,000 viewers. It was a 218% increase in television viewers from the previous season's game.
First quarter.
The game started with Maryland receiving the kickoff, which Kenny Tate returned 17 yards to the Terrapins' 35-yard line. Quarterback Chris Turner threw a short pass to Torrey Smith, bringing the ball to the Maryland 41-yard line, and then threw an incomplete pass. On third down with three yards to go, Turner connected with freshman Adrian Cannon for a 59-yard touchdown pass. However, placekicker Obi Egekeze missed the extra point.
In subsequent possessions, Nevada and Maryland both failed to gain first downs and exchanged punts. Nevada quarterback Colin Kaepernick then led a drive that included a 68-yard pass to the Maryland three-yard line. The Terrapins' defense stopped two rushing attempts by Vai Taua, but a short pass to wide receiver Chris Wellington was completed for Nevada's first touchdown. With the extra point, Nevada took the lead, 7–6. Wolf Pack placekicker Brett Jaekle executed a 69-yard kickoff to Torrey Smith, and he returned it 99 yards for a second Maryland touchdown. Egekeze made the extra point and Maryland regained the lead, 13–7, with 7:53 remaining in the quarter.
On the ensuing kickoff, Egekeze attempted to kick the ball as it fell off the tee. This resulted in an unintentional squib that was returned 36 yards to the Terps' nine-yard line. Nevada's Kaepernick attempted to rush but was stopped for no gain. On the next play, he threw the ball into the end zone, but it was intercepted by Maryland safety Kenny Tate, resulting in a touchback. The Terps started on their own 20-yard line, and running back Davin Meggett rushed for 13 yards and a first down. Turner then linked up with freshman receiver Ronnie Tyler for another first down at the Maryland 49-yard line. After a false start penalty, the Terps were unable to gain a first down and punted the ball away. The ball rolled into the end zone for a touchback, and Nevada started the final drive of the quarter at its 20-yard line. Kaepernick then passed for two first downs, picked up another due to a pass interference call against Maryland, and scrambled for yet another. He then handed off to Taua, who rushed 17 yards for a touchdown. Nevada re-took the lead, 14–13, with 46 seconds remaining in the quarter.
Nevada's Jaekle made a short kick-off, and Maryland tight end Dan Gronkowski returned the ball eight yards to the Maryland 44-yard line. On the final play of the quarter, Turner handed the ball off to sophomore running back Morgan Green, who picked up three yards. The quarter ended with Nevada leading, 14–13.
Second quarter.
The second quarter began with Maryland in possession of the ball at its 47-yard line. On the first play of the quarter, Turner handed off to Green, who broke free of the Nevada defense for a 53-yard gain and a touchdown. The score and extra point gave Maryland a six-point lead, 20–14, with 14:50 remaining in the first half.
Nevada and Maryland then exchanged punts three times, and the Wolf Pack punted it away a fourth time. In the span of two series, Kaepernick was sacked three times, once each by linebackers Dave Philistin, Alex Wujciak, and Adrian Moten. As a result, Kaepernick suffered an ankle sprain and played the rest of the game, but he noticeably favored his uninjured side. The Terps took over on their 47-yard line with 0:29 remaining in the half. Turner completed an eight-yard pass to Ronnie Tyler, and a Nevada hit out-of-bounds resulted in a 15-yard penalty against Nevada and a first down for Maryland. After two incomplete passes, Turner then converted on third down again with a toss to Tyler for 16 yards and then once more for 14 yards and a touchdown to bring the score to 26–14 in Maryland's favor. The Terps elected to attempt a two-point conversion, and Turner completed a pass to a wide-open Meggett in the right side of the end zone. With six seconds remaining in the first half, Maryland had a 28–14 lead. Nevada received Maryland's kickoff, but elected to run out the clock and head into halftime.
Third quarter.
Maryland kicked off to Nevada to start the second half, and the teams again exchanged punts twice. Kaepernick sat out the next series due to his sprained ankle. Backup quarterback Nick Graziano took over but was unable to complete two passes and Nevada punted a third time. In the next series, Turner threw an interception to Nevada safety Jonathan Amaya, who returned it for 33 yards to the Maryland 22-yard line, then fumbled. The ball was recovered by Nevada, and Kaepernick capitalized on the turnover with a 17-yard touchdown pass to Taua, narrowing Nevada's deficit to 28–21.
Jaekle kicked off to the Maryland 30-yard line where it was returned by Green for two yards. A fresh Da'Rel Scott then made his first appearance in the game. He carried the ball four times in succession to advance to the Nevada 46-yard line. On third down with nine yards to go, Turner was sacked by defensive lineman Kevin Basped and the ball was knocked loose. It was picked up by Wolf Pack linebacker Brandon Marshall who then also fumbled. Maryland offensive lineman Scott Burley recovered it on the Nevada 45-yard line. The alternating changes in possession gave Maryland a first down, and Turner then connected with Darrius Heyward-Bey on an 11-yard pass for another first down. Scott rushed twice to pick up a first down at the Nevada 23-yard line. After a rush by Meggett, Turner was sacked by defensive end Dontay Moch and again fumbled. This time, Nevada recovered the ball and retained possession. Kaepernick then passed to wide receiver Mike McCoy for 38 yards to the Maryland 27-yard line. Vai Taua picked up seven yards on a rush attempt, and the quarter came to an end with Maryland leading, 28–21.
Fourth quarter.
The fourth quarter began with Nevada in possession of the ball at the Maryland 20-yard line. The first play of the quarter was a rush attempt by Taua, but he fumbled and recovered the ball for a loss of one yard. On the second play of the quarter, Kaepernick completed a 21-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Marko Mitchell, tying the score at 28–28.
Following the Nevada kickoff, Turner handed off to Scott, who picked up two yards. After an incomplete pass, Turner connected with Torrey Smith on a 26-yard toss for a third-down conversion. Scott then rushed for three yards to the Nevada 49-yard line, and carried it again down the middle, this time breaking free for a 49-yard touchdown run. On the following Nevada series, Kaepernick mounted a 38-yard drive to the Maryland 34-yard line, but failed to convert on fourth and 12. On the next series, Da'Rel Scott was handed the ball four times in succession to pick up first downs with rushes of 11, 23, 30 yards and a touchdown on a two-yard run. The score and extra point gave Maryland a two-touchdown lead, 42–28. Nevada's offense returned to the field with 7:44 remaining in the game and used almost three minutes in a 37-yard drive that culminated in an interception by Maryland safety Jeff Allen on the Maryland 38-yard line. After no gain on a rush by running back Morgan Green, Maryland attempted an end-around. Turner was stepped on, and the handoff was botched. The intended recipient, Heyward-Bey, dropped the ball but managed to recover it for a loss of six yards. After Nevada called a time out, Green rushed for a five-yard gain. Nevada expended its last remaining time out to stop the clock with 4:06 left. Maryland punted it away on fourth down with 11 yards to go.
Kaepernick took over on the Nevada 23-yard line with 4:01 and made four completions to drive to the Terps' 15-yard line. Exploiting a large opening, Kaepernick held onto the ball and ran it into the end zone to narrow Maryland's lead to one touchdown, 42–35, with 2:19 remaining. Jaekle attempted an onside kick in an effort to give Nevada another chance on offense, but the ball was recovered by Maryland receiver Danny Oquendo. Scott rushed for two and then 19 yards. With the first down, Maryland had enough time to run out the clock and clinch the 42–35 victory.
Statistics.
The 2008 Humanitarian Bowl Most Valuable Player honors were awarded to Maryland running back Da'Rel Scott, who rushed for 174 yards, and Nevada quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who threw for 370 yards. Each was the statistical leader at his respective position, and Scott scored Maryland's two final touchdowns to break the 28–28 stalemate. Scott also was able to help Maryland clinch the victory in the final minutes by rushing for a first down that allowed the team to run out the clock.
Records.
The 77 points scored in the game tied the Humanitarian Bowl record for total points, which had been set in 1998 by Idaho and .
Nevada quarterback Colin Kaepernick set the Humanitarian Bowl passing yardage record with 370 yards through the air, and he scored three touchdowns in the process. Despite the loss, Kaepernick's team outperformed Maryland in terms of passing yardage, total offense, first downs, and time of possession.
Maryland freshman wide receiver Torrey Smith, with his 99-yard kickoff return, broke the all-time Atlantic Coast Conference single-season kickoff return yards record with 1,089 yards. Smith also broke the Humanitarian Bowl kick return record, which was previously 98 yards.
With 174 yards, Da'Rel Scott set the Maryland record for rushing yards in a bowl game, despite playing just one and a half quarters due to his curfew suspension. The previous record was 165 yards, set by Lu Gambino in Maryland's first bowl game, the 1948 Gator Bowl. Scott also broke the 1,000 yards-per-season barrier, making him one of just seven players in school history to do so. Scott said earlier in the year that reaching the 1,000-yard benchmark was a personal goal he set for the 2008 season. Between Scott and Davin Meggett, Maryland also came the closest it ever has to having both a 1,000- and 500-yard rusher in the same season. Meggett fell just 43 yards shy of the 500-yard mark.
Nevada set a school record for single-season total offensive yards, recording 6,611 in 2008. This surpassed the previous record of 6,263 yards, set in 1995.
Maryland statistical recap.
Four Maryland backups who saw significant playing time due to the suspensions scored touchdowns: second-string slot receiver Ronnie Tyler, second-string X-receiver Torrey Smith, third-string slot receiver Adrian Cannon, and third-string running back Morgan Green.
Maryland compiled 456 yards of total offense: 198 in the air and 258 yards on the ground. Quarterback Chris Turner completed passes to five receivers during the game: Ronnie Tyler (five), Darrius Heyward-Bey (four), Torrey Smith (two), Adrian Cannon (one), and Emani Lee-Odai (one). Cannon and Tyler each caught a pass for a touchdown. Running back Davin Meggett caught a pass for a two-point conversion. Turner also threw one interception.
On the ground, rushing attempts were made by running backs Da'Rel Scott (14 for 174 yards), Morgan Green (10 for 72 yards), and Davin Meggett (10 for 35 yards). Wide receiver Heyward-Bey also made a rushing attempt, but dropped the ball and recovered it for a loss of six yards.
Maryland had previously shown an ability to strike quickly on offense and did so again in the game. In the 2008 season, the team scored 18 out of 28 touchdowns in drives consisting of six or fewer plays or less than two minutes of game time. This led to the team often trailing opponents in time of possession. In the Humanitarian Bowl, Maryland continued the pattern by scoring in the first 1:01 with a 59-yard Chris Turner pass to Adrian Cannon. Maryland also possessed the ball for 2:26 less than Nevada.
Maryland, which was third-best in the ACC in third down attempts (40.4%), did comparatively poorly during the game, converting only four of 14 third downs (28.6%).
Defensively, Maryland was able to hold the nation's third-ranked rushing offense to just 114 yards on the ground. Nevada quarterback Kaepernick, who ran for 1,115 yards, was held to just 19 rushing yards, 15 of which were gained during a touchdown run. Two players made their first career interceptions: true freshman safety Kenny Tate and senior defensive back Jeff Allen. Tate's interception in the Maryland end zone prevented a Nevada score, while Allen's interception with 4:54 remaining helped seal the victory for Maryland. Offensive lineman Scott Burley forced a fumble against Nevada linebacker Brandon Marshall, who had recovered a third-down fumble by Turner. Burley subsequently recovered the forced fumble and gave Maryland a first down.
Maryland's special teams recorded one touchdown when Torrey Smith returned a kickoff for 99 yards. After the first touchdown of the game, senior placekicker Obi Egekeze missed an extra point for the first time in his career. Early in the season, Egekeze missed his first five field goal attempts, but, prior to the Humanitarian Bowl, he had made all 64 extra-point attempts of his career. After the first failed kick, Egekeze made the other five extra-point attempts of the game. The placekicker also erred when he attempted to kick the ball as it fell off the tee, resulting in a short 15-yard kick which was returned 36 yards by Nevada to the Maryland nine-yard line.
Nevada statistical recap.
Nevada recorded better statistics than Maryland in several areas despite ultimately losing the game. The Wolf Pack compiled seven more first downs, 172 more passing yards, 28 more total offensive yards, 15 fewer penalty yards, 15.8% more third down conversions, and 2:26 more time in possession of the ball.
In the passing game, Colin Kaepernick achieved a 51.1% pass completion rate (24 out of 47). He threw for 370 yards, including three touchdowns. He completed passes to Mike McCoy (13), Marko Mitchell (five), Chris Wellington (three), Arthur King, Jr. (two), and Vai Taua (one). Mitchell, Wellington, and Taua each caught a pass for a touchdown. Due to Kaepernick's injury, backup quarterback Nick Graziano played for one series but was unable to make a completion on two attempts.
On the ground, Nevada struggled against the Maryland defense, recording 114 rushing yards, far fewer than its 291.4 per game average. Running plays were attempted by Kaepernick and Taua, who made 23 carries for 101 yards and one touchdown. Despite suffering from a sprained ankle, Kaepernick also was able to scamper 15 yards for a rushing touchdown.
Conversely, the Nevada defense had difficulty stopping the Maryland run. Nevada's rush defense allowed 258 yards, compared with its regular-season average of just 74.5 yards allowed per game. This was especially true after a well-rested Da'Rel Scott entered the game in the middle of the third quarter. Head coach Chris Ault said, "He just ran through us like we weren't there." Defensive back Jonathan Amaya intercepted a Chris Turner pass for his fourth interception of the season.
Brett Jaekle handled all of Nevada's kicking duties. He made all five extra-point attempts. Jaekle punted eight times for 295 yards and kicked off five times for 270 yards. With 1:42 remaining, he attempted an onside kick, but the ball was recovered by Maryland's Danny Oquendo.
Post-game effects.
With the bowl game, Maryland finished the season with an 8–5 record. The win was Maryland's 600th in school history. Ralph Friedgen's postseason record improved to 4–2, giving him twice as many bowl wins as any other head coach in school history. For the 2008 season, Maryland stood 5–1 in games decided by seven points or less and 8–0 in games kicked off during daylight hours.
Nevada posted a final record of 7–6. The game was the third consecutive postseason loss for Chris Ault and Nevada. Ault's post-season bowl record slid to 1–5 as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="20589527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589527" title="Quinn Ranger Station">
Quinn Ranger Station

The Quinn Ranger Station, also known as the Quinn Patrol Cabin and Quinn's Horse Camp, is the only surviving ranger station from the time when Sequoia National Park was administered by the U.S. Army. 
Sequoia was the second National Park to be established after Yellowstone National Park, and predated the establishment of the National Park Service. The one-room log cabin was built in 1907, in early National Park Service Rustic style.

</doc>
<doc id="20589533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589533" title="Hutton Sandstone Formation">
Hutton Sandstone Formation

The Hutton Sandstone is a geological formation in Australia. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20589543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589543" title="Mixing length model">
Mixing length model

In fluid dynamics, mixing length model is a method attempting to describe momentum transfer by turbulence Reynolds stresses within a newtonian fluid boundary layer by means of an eddy viscosity. The model was developed by Ludwig Prandtl in the early 20th century. Prandtl himself had reservations about the model, describing it as, "only a rough approximation,"
but it has been used in numerous fields ever since, including atmospheric science, oceanography and stellar structure.
Physical intuition.
The mixing length is conceptually analogous to the concept of mean free path in thermodynamics: a fluid parcel will conserve its properties for a characteristic length, formula_1, before mixing with the surrounding fluid. Prandtl described that the mixing length,
In the figure above, temperature, formula_2, is conserved for a certain distance as a parcel moves across a temperature gradient. The fluctuation in temperature that the parcel experienced throughout the process is formula_3. So formula_4 can be seen as the temperature deviation from its surrounding environment after it has moved over this mixing length formula_5.
Mathematical formulation.
To begin, we must first be able to express quantities as the sums of their slowly varying components and fluctuating components.
Reynolds decomposition.
This process is known as Reynolds decomposition. Temperature can be expressed as:
formula_6,
where formula_7, is the slowly varying component and formula_3 is the fluctuating component.
In the above picture, formula_3 can be expressed in terms of the mixing length:
formula_10
The fluctuating components of velocity, formula_11, formula_12, and formula_13, can also be expressed in a similar fashion:
formula_14
formula_15
formula_16
although the theoretical justification for doing so is weaker, as the pressure gradient force can significantly alter the fluctuating components. Moreover, for the case of vertical velocity, formula_13 must be in a neutrally stratified fluid.
Taking the product of horizontal and vertical fluctuations gives us:
formula_18.
The eddy viscosity is defined from the equation above as:
formula_19,
so we have the eddy viscosity, formula_20 expressed in terms of the mixing length, formula_5.
See also.
Reynolds stress equation model

</doc>
<doc id="20589550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589550" title="Guntupalli">
Guntupalli

Guntupalli is a suburb area, located to the west of Vijayawada. It is 10 km away from the city Vijayawada, and it is situated on National Highway 9 (Vijayawada to Hyderabad), between Gollapudi village and Ibrahimpatnam Circle.
The most widely spoken language is Telugu. This place is well known as "Guntupalli wagon work shop" is South Central Railway Zone (India) biggest Wagon work shop. Guntupalli Wagon Workshop is one of the premier workshops of the Indian Railways and the second best among the 13 workshops in the country in repair of wagons and wheels and bearings manufacture. The Wagon Workshop, Guntupalli, Vijayawada was inaugurated in the year 1974 and it was granted ISO 9002 Certificate in March 1999.
Education.
Schools in Guntupalli: There are also “aided” schools in Guntupalli, meaning schools with both government and private partnerships as well. 
Guntupalli is one of the good village where many people for other district comes here and well settled here.
Gandhiji visited vijayawada via guntupalli. For reference you can see a big poster of gandhi in vijayawada railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="20589553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589553" title="Melt (manufacturing)">
Melt (manufacturing)

Melt is the working material in the steelmaking process, in making glass, and when forming thermoplastics. In thermoplastics, melt is the plastic in its forming temperature, which can vary depending on how it is being used. For steelmaking, it refers to steel in liquid form.

</doc>
<doc id="20589557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589557" title="Akihiro Higashide">
Akihiro Higashide


</doc>
<doc id="20589597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589597" title="Tharp's Log">
Tharp's Log

Tharp's Log is a hollowed giant sequoia ("Sequoiadendron giganteum") log at Log Meadow in the Giant Forest grove of Sequoia National Park that was used as a shelter by early pioneers. The log is named after Hale Tharp, who was described as the first Non-Native American to enter the Giant Forest.
History.
Tharp had arrived in 1852 in the goldfields around Placerville, becoming a cattleman rather than a miner. Tharp moved to the area of the Kaweah River in 1856, and with guides from the Potwisha people of the area he explored the mountains above. Tharp went back in 1860 with his two sons. They climbed Moro Rock and made an encampment near Crescent Meadows. It was not until 1869 that Tharp moved a cattle herd into the Giant Forest area. 
Tharp established a small summer cattle ranch at Giant Forest and used a fallen log as a cabin. The log was hollowed by fire through fifty-five feet of its seventy-foot length. A fireplace, door and window exist at the wider end, with a small shake-covered cabin extension. 
John Muir described it as a "noble den".

</doc>
<doc id="20589604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589604" title="Kendall River">
Kendall River

Kendall River is a small river and tributary to the Coppermine River in the Canadian Northwest Territories that connects the Dismal Lakes to the Coppermine River. John Rae (explorer) had a base camp here in 1851.
Based on data collected at a gauging station that operated between 1969 and 1990, the river has a drainage area is , a mean annual flow of , an average peak flow of and an average low flow of zero, when the river freezes, usually between mid November and late May. Summer flows from the Kendall represent approximately 6% of the flow of the Coppermine River.

</doc>
<doc id="20589611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589611" title="Coalura Sandstone">
Coalura Sandstone

The Coalura Sandstone is a geological formation in Australia. It dates back to the Middle Jurassic.

</doc>
<doc id="20589615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589615" title="2009 in China">
2009 in China

Events in the year 2009 in the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20589618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589618" title="Primera División de México Apertura 2008 Liguilla Final">
Primera División de México Apertura 2008 Liguilla Final

The Apertura 2008 Liguilla Final was a two-legged football match-up to determine the Apertura 2008 champions. 
The series was contested between Deportivo Toluca F.C. from Toluca, Mexico State, and C.D.S.C. Cruz Azul from Mexico City, both of whom were playing in their first final against each other.
Final rules.
Like other match-ups in the knockout round, the teams will play two games, one at each team's home stadium. As the highest seeded team determined at the beginning of the Liguilla, Toluca was to have home-field advantage for the second leg. If the teams remained tied after 90 minutes of play during the 2nd leg, extra time will be used, followed by a penalty shootout if necessary.
Final summary.
First leg.
The First Leg was played in front of a capacity crowd at Estadio Azul in Mexico City. Paulo da Silva opened up the scoreboard with a goal in the 14th minute followed by a superb free kick by Sergio Amaury Ponce at the 22nd minute. Cruz Azul could not find an answer in the 2nd half though they were playing better, Hernán Cristante of Toluca had a sensational game under the three posts. The final score left Toluca with a 2-goal advantage going into the next leg.

</doc>
<doc id="20589630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589630" title="Fox Music">
Fox Music

Fox Music is the music arm of 20th Century Fox. It encompasses music publishing and
licensing businesses, dealing primarily with Fox Entertainment Group television and film soundtracks. It is located inside the 20th Century Fox Film Corporation headquarters in Century City, California.
During CEO Robert Kraft's current tenure at Fox, dozens of Fox scores and soundtracks have become platinum or gold records. Highlights include the record-breaking soundtracks from Titanic, Waiting to Exhale, Moulin Rouge!, Garden State, Romeo + Juliet, The Full Monty, Hope Floats, Dr. Dolittle, Bulworth, Anastasia, Walk the Line, Alvin and the Chipmunks, Once, and Juno.
Fox Music has also supervised the music for Twentieth Century Fox Television hits such as "Ally McBeal" and "X-Files", as well as current shows "24", "Family Guy", and "The Simpsons". Since 1994, television soundtracks from Fox Music have included the worldwide platinum albums from "Ally McBeal" and "X-Files", plus hit compilations from "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Dark Angel", "The Simpsons", "Roswell" and "24".
Since Kraft became chief executive in 1994, Fox Music has been responsible for the worldwide sales of over 60 million albums, producing 3 Platinum, 6 Multi-Platinum and 6 Gold records. Fox Music has garnered 10 Academy Award nominations, winning 4 Academy Awards, 14 Golden Globe nominations (including 4 Golden Globe Awards), 58 Emmy nominations with 11 wins, and 46 Grammy nominations including 12 Grammy Awards.
Fox Music utilizes unaffiliated record companies for distribution. For example, Glee Cast albums are released by Columbia Records. Such recordings bear the 20th Century Fox TV Records imprint which was introduced in 2009 as a joint venture of 20th Century Fox and Sony Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20589631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589631" title="Justice Waite (disambiguation)">
Justice Waite (disambiguation)

Justice Waite may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20589633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589633" title="2008 Meineke Car Care Bowl">
2008 Meineke Car Care Bowl

The 2008 Meineke Car Care Bowl was the seventh edition of the college football bowl game, and was played at Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte, North Carolina. The game started at 1:00 PM US EST on Saturday, December 27, 2008. The game, telecast on ESPN, pitted the North Carolina Tar Heels against the West Virginia Mountaineers, with the Mountaineers winning over the Heels 31-30. The crowd of 73,712 was the largest in the bowl's seven-year history and the largest ever to see a college football game in the state of North Carolina. It was also the fourth-largest crowd of the 2008 bowl season, and the second-largest for a non-BCS bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="20589635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589635" title="Nwetwe Pan">
Nwetwe Pan

The Nwetwe Pan is a large salt pan within the Makgadikgadi region of Botswana. The Nwetwe is one of three large pans within the Makgadikgadi, the other two being Nxai Pan and Sua Pan. In the present day Nwetwe Pan is a seasonal lake with filling occurring in the rainy season. Nwetwe was first described to the European world by David Livingstone, pursuant to his explorations in this region. Significant archaeological recoveries have occurred within the Nwetwe Pan, including stone age tools from people who lived in this area, in an earlier time of prehistory when a large year around lake occupied the Nwetwe Pan area within the Makgadikgadi.

</doc>
<doc id="20589643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589643" title="Roger Fletcher">
Roger Fletcher

Roger Fletcher is an award-winning Australian cartoonist and illustrator. His first comic strip, "Torkan" appeared in the Australian "Sunday Telegraph" in 1976 and his second comic strip, "Staria", has appeared in the pages of the Australian "Daily Telegraph" since May 1980. Fletcher has taught children and adults the art of cartooning in the east coast of Australia and Ireland.
Biography.
Born in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, in 1949, Fletcher was captivated by newspaper comic strips and comic books from an early age. He has cited inspiration from English comics like "Battler Briton", Paul Wheelahan's "The Panther" and Monty Wedd's "Captain Justice".
Fletcher's first job after leaving high school was in the shipping industry but he had not given up his dream of becoming a professional comic artist. He studied art part-time at Julian Ashton's art school and took a course in scriptwriting at the Australian Film and Television School.
During the early 1970s, Fletcher began developing a comic strip about an Australian soldier-of-fortune, titled Nathan Cole, until he was introduced to the world of sword and sorcery by science-fiction writer Fritz Leiber that had a profound impact on his future. In particular, the pair of characters called Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser influenced Fletcher greatly.
Fletcher put Nathan Cole aside and set about creating a sword and sorcery strip, titled Orn the Eagle Warrior, in 1974. Riding a giant eagle, sporting a beard and bristling with weapons, Orn's adventures took place on a strange world with a dying sun and two moons. Not everyone, however, shared Fletcher's enthusiasm for his grim barbarian hero. 
Born into the warrior clans of Aquiona, Fletcher's new hero, Torkan, was rarely bested in combat. Yet his broadsword could not protect him against his own fiery temper and weakness for comely wenches, both of which often landed him in trouble.
Torkan first appeared in Sydney's "Sunday Telegraph" newspaper in June 1976 and immediately struck a chord with readers. "Torkan" continues to win new generations of readers; something which Flectcher believes is attributable to the character's enduring appeal. Flectcher claims that "the paradigm for heroic adventure was first written in the Bible, as David and Goliath. Whether it's in Arthurian legend or Harry Potter, the paradigm itself doesn't change much - but fashions do change."
Levels of violence in the stories have, however, dropped since the strip's early years. John Ryan in his Australian comic anthology, "Panel by Panel", describes "Torkan"s success as being due to the upsurge in demand for heoric-fantasy stories created by Marvel Comics' adaptation of Robert E. Howard's "Conan the Barbarian".
Encouraged by the success of "Torkan", Fletcher began work on his next comic strip idea in 1977—a science-fiction series called Staria.
She may be a curvaceous blonde beauty, but Staria is no bimbo. As Captain of the Federation of Intergalactic Peace Keeping Organisation (FIPKO) patrol vessel Venus III, Staria and her crew roam the galaxies, fighting evil and protecting the innocent. Fletcher created his protagonist by taking the common sci-fi stereotypes—the hunky hero, the bimbo and the professorial type—and turned the bimbo into the hero, turned the hunk into a bird-headed Dromad named Kru (the ship's flight engineer) and made the professor into a drunk, Dr. Umbo.
Still working full-time while producing the weekly "Torkan" strip, it took Roger several years to develop "Staria" and eventually sell it.
The success of "Star Wars" may have made it easier to sell "Staria", but it was three years before the strip first appeared in Sydney's "Daily Telegraph" newspaper in 1980.
Like "Torkan", Fletcher believes "Staria"s continued popularity stems from her well-defined character.
Fletcher prefers the freedom of the Sunday format, which allows for more flexibility in drawing than the daily strip, but stories must be strong so that readers can remember them a week later.
Fletcher continues to write his strips today. Sydney film company Prodigy Movies is developing projects featuring both of Fletcher’s characters.
Fletcher has won 'Best Adventure /Illustrated Strip Artist' twice (1998 & 1990) and has been a nominee fourteen times at the Australian Cartoonists' Association's Stanley Awards. In 1999 he was awarded the "Jim Russell Award" for his contribution to Media Art in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20589661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589661" title="Cathleen With">
Cathleen With

Cathleen With (born 1967) is a Canadian writer and author. "Skids", her short story collection about Vancouver street kids from the Davie Village to the Downtown Eastside, was shortlisted for the 2007 Relit Awards. She was also shortlisted for the 2005 Western Magazine Award for her story “Carny”, which was featured in "Humanist Perspectives". Her work has been published in several literary journals, including "The Antigonish Review", "Grain" and "Fireweed". While she is best known for her short stories, her first novel "Having Faith in the Polar Girls’ Prison" was published with Penguin Canada in 2009 and won the Ethel Wilson Fiction Prize. She is represented by Denise Bukowski of The Bukowski Agency.
Life.
Though her work is fiction, many of the stories in "Skids" are based on her friends’ voices, some now gone, and her own experiences battling addictions and depression in her youth. Cathleen has also trained as a learning assistance, drama in education and English teacher, and enjoys working one on one with alternative youth who have trouble adapting to the public school system. She is currently a part-time special education teacher in Vancouver, and also travels to Seoul to teach writing to children.

</doc>
<doc id="20589677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589677" title="Worcester Five Cents Savings Bank">
Worcester Five Cents Savings Bank

The Worcester Five Cents Savings Bank is a historic bank building at 316 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The six story Romanesque Revival building was constructed in 1891 to a design by Stephen Earle. The building is unusual in downtown Worcester for its use of limestone and buff brick, and for its rounded corner bay. The building originally had plate glass and iron store fronts on its ground floor (the bank occupying the second floor), but this was redone in matching limestone sometime after 1949.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, and included in the Mechanics' Hall District in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20589699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589699" title="Worcester Corset Company Factory">
Worcester Corset Company Factory

The Worcester Corset Company Factory is an historic factory building at 30 Wyman Street in Worcester, Massachusetts in the Main South neighborhood. The oldest part of the factory was built in 1895, with expansion of the facilities taking place up to 1909. The buildings were designed by Arthur Gray for the Worcester Corset Company, whose origins date to an 1861 business by David Hale Fanning making hoops for skirts, but shifted to manufacturing corsets after fashions changed. Fanning's business was immensely successful, and he became one of Worcester's larger employers. After the Corset Company folded in 1940, the facility was used to manufacture military-style boots.
The factory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20589703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589703" title="Hamptons Collegiate Baseball">
Hamptons Collegiate Baseball

The Hamptons Collegiate Baseball League (HCBL) is a summer baseball organization located in The Hamptons in the U.S. state of New York. It is a seven-team league consisting of the Sag Harbor Whalers, Southampton Breakers, Westhampton Aviators, North Fork Ospreys, Riverhead Tomcats, and most recently, Center Moriches Battlecats, and Shelter Island Bucks. The HCBL is a member of the National Alliance of College Summer Baseball and is sanctioned by Major League Baseball.
Teams.
Hamptons Collegiate Baseball's regular season begins in early June and concludes with the ACBL playoffs in early August. For the playoffs, the winner of the Hampton Division plays the Kaiser and/or Wolff Division winner for the ACBL championship.
History.
Modeling itself after the Cape Cod Baseball League, Hamptons Collegiate Baseball was founded in 2007 by longtime Montauk resident Rusty Leaver, former owner and operator of Deep Hollow Ranch in Montauk, New York.
2008 - Initially, the organization had one franchise—the Hampton Whalers—who in their first season of play won the Kaiser Division title before falling to the Kutztown Rockies, 8-2, in the ACBL championship game on August 9. This came after the Whalers started their season with an 0-6 record only to win eight of their last nine and finish 19-21. That left them in a tie with the Peekskill Robins, against which Hampton owned the tiebreaker, thus setting up the division championship against the Metro New York Cadets. With the winner going on to the title game, the Whalers plated two runs in the bottom of the ninth inning to win 2-1.
The individual accolades were in great number. Phil Klein, a sophomore at Youngstown State University, not only lead the ACBL in earned run average by posting a 1.02 ERA but also threw the first perfect game in league history, setting down all 21 hitters in a 7-0 victory over Metro N.Y. on July 13, 2008. Additionally, left-hander Andrew Guarrasi of New York Tech finished fourth in ERA (1.70) and second in strikeouts (57). At the plate, Alan Parks of UNC-Charlotte stole 22 bags to rank third in the league; more impressively, he did so in 22 attempts.
2009 - In 2009, Hamptons Collegiate Baseball welcomed four new franchises to compete in the Kaiser Division. Led by head coach Shawn Epidendio of Santa Clara University, the North Fork Ospreys won the regular season title with a mark of 25-15, a game ahead of second-place Southampton, which was coached by Andrew Lorraine. North Fork prevailed over Riverhead in one semifinal, and Westhampton blanked Southampton in the other to set up the best-of-three division championship series. The Ospreys took game one on an eighth-inning go-ahead home run by Adam Clear (University of San Francisco), but Westhampton forced a decisive third game by routing host North Fork in game two behind ace Alex Pracher (Stanford University). In the third game, Westhampton broke open a tight game late to reel in the division title. Mike Mandarino (Camden County College) struck out nine to earn the victory.
Westhampton went on to play the Jersey Pilots, who won the Wolff Division championship. After the Pilots socked back-to-back-to-back homers in the first inning, the Aviators crawled back into the game and earned a 7-5 victory. Alex Aycoth (Campbell University) went 3 for 3 in the title game and batted .556 in five postseason games (10 for 18). Ray Courtney (Fairleigh Dickinson) picked up the win with 3 innings of scoreless relief and Pracher struck out the side in the ninth to clinch the championship.
Postseason awards were given out en masse to Riverhead RHP Nick Tropeano (Stony Brook University) and 1B Peter Greskoff (Brown University). Tropeano won the pitching triple crown by leading the league in wins (7), strikeouts (77) and earned run average (1.61) and thus was named the ACBL Pitcher of the Year. Greskoff hit .397 with 10 homers and 37 RBI to be named Co-Player of the Year along with the Pilots' Ken Gregory (Kean University). Greskoff was also selected as a Co-National Player of the Year by SummerCollegeLeagues.com, sharing the honor with Drew Heid of Gonzaga University.
2010 - Four new managers took over, with Epidendio the remaining carryover from the 2009 season. Rob Cafiero, a standout at Villanova University and former Philadelphia Phillies farmhand, took the reins in Southampton, while Jim Buckley, who played for Siena College and in the Boston Red Sox farm system, managed the Sag Harbor squad. Elsewhere, St. John's University assistant Jeff Quiros was appointed the Westhampton post, and Saint Joseph's College (New York) head coach Randy Caden was named the Riverhead manager.
Under Epidendio, North Fork ran away with the 2010 regular season title, posting an HCB record 27 wins to win the division by five games. Billy Ferriter University of Connecticut led all Hamptons hitters with a .373 average, and the middle-of-the-order production came from Sebastian Grazziani New York Institute of Technology, who belted five homers and drove in 31.
In the first round of the playoffs, third-seeded Riverhead went on the road and beat No. 2 Westhampton, while North Fork held off No. 4 Southampton. The Ospreys and Tomcats met in a best-of-three championship series, and after North Fork won game one, 10-3, Riverhead forced a decisive third game on a walk-off homer by Matt Fleishman (Villanova University) in the 10th inning of game two. The Ospreys proved to be too tough in the rubber match, riding 6 outstanding innings by starter Robert Kelly (Saint Anselm College).
North Fork met the Quakertown Blazers in the Atlantic Collegiate Baseball League championship game. Back-to-back homers by Rocco Gondek (Sacred Heart University) and David Jacob (Monmouth University) were part of a four-run third inning that erased a 1-0 deficit. Aaron Snyder (Southern Illinois University) and two other pitchers staked closer Lee Weld (Southern Illinois University) to a 5-2 advantage in the ninth. The Blazers crossed two in the inning, but a groundout to Grazziani gave the Ospreys their first ACBL title and HCB's second league championship in as many years.
Southampton's Mike Mandarino (Broward College) was named the Darrin Winston Most Valuable Pitcher Award, going 4-3 with an 0.83 ERA. He also led the Breakers in batting average (.303), home runs (7) and RBI (16). Westhampton closer D.J. Voisine (University of Maine) shared the Outstanding Relief Pitcher of the Year award, setting an HCB record with seven saves.
Early in the season, the organization had its first alum taken in the Major League Baseball Draft. Steve McQuail ((Canisius College)), one of the original Hampton Whalers, was selected by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 30th round. Ten rounds later, Justin Echevarria (Stony Brook University) was picked by the San Diego Padres. Shortly after the draft concluded, Peter Budkevics of C. W. Post signed a free agent deal with the Los Angeles Dodgers.
2012 - The Hampton Division took another gigantic step during the offseason, welcoming the Center Moriches Battlecats and Shelter Island Bucks to the fold, becoming a seven-team division. The Battlecats, led by president Anthony Eaderesto, general manager Ed Morris and manager Bill Batewell, began play at Paul Gibson Field, while the Bucks, headed by general manager Cori Cass and manager Joe Burke played to outstanding crowds at the high school.
Like in 2011, parity reigned, with the top five teams being separated by three games. It wasn't until the final day of the regular that the four-team playoff field was set. Shelter Island took home its first regular-season crown, and they were followed by North Fork, Southampton and Riverhead. Center Moriches dropped its final game against Westhampton to come up one game short.
Riverhead upset top-seeded Shelter Island by sweeping a doubleheader on the road, while Southampton was able to outlast North Fork in the other semifinal, winning a decisive game three behind starter Patrick Peterson (Temple). In the finals, Southampton took the series 2-0 behind its potent offense. Robb Scott (Bucknell) drove in five of the team's runs in its 6-2 victory in game one. Back in Riverhead for game two, the Breakers banged out 16 hits, including three homers, to roll to a 12-4 victory. The division title was Southampton's first in four seasons; the prior three, they'd lost in the semifinal round, twice to the eventual ACBL champion.
The Breakers threw their ace, Paul Paez (Rio Hondo JC), in the league semifinal against North Jersey, but the Eagles chipped away against Southampton, winning 4-3 at SBU Southampton. North Jersey went on to win its first-ever ACBL championship the next day against the New York Atlantics.
It was a record-setting season at the plate as four teams surpassed the 2009 Westhampton squad's mark for runs in a season. Shelter Island led the way with 270, riding its catalyst, Thomas Roulis (Dartmouth), who set the single-season record for runs scored with 41. Individually, the story was Center Moriches catcher Joe Solomeno, who rose to the top of the charts in single-season batting average (.421), hits (61) and RBI (53). Scott, meanwhile, climbed to the No. 1 spot in six all-time offensive categories, including runs (61), hits (109), doubles (26) and walks (40).
On the mound, Paez more or less mirrored the efforts of 2009 Tomcat Nick Tropeano, surpassing him in strikeouts (82) while matching him single-season victories (7). The Center Moriches trio of Brendan Butler (Fairleigh Dickinson), Anthony Gatto (UMBC) and John Maloney (High Point) also threw the fourth no-hitter in HCB history, holding Shelter Island hitless on June 5.
HCBL Champions.
2008 – Hampton Whalers<br>
2009 – Westhampton Aviators<br>
2010 – North Fork Ospreys<br>
2011 – Westhampton Aviators<br>
2012 – Southampton Breakers
Atlantic Collegiate Baseball League Champions (2008-2012).
2009 – Westhampton Aviators<br>
2010 – North Fork Ospreys

</doc>
<doc id="20589708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589708" title="Canthigaster papua">
Canthigaster papua

Canthigaster papua, also known as the Papuan toby , is a demersal Marine fish belonging to the family Tetraodontidae.
The Papuan toby is a small sized fish which grows up to 10 cm.
It is widely distributed throughout the tropical waters of the Indian Ocean and of the western Pacific Ocean.
It inhabits coral reefs with clear water in lagoons and external slop even drop-off from 6 to 50 m.
"Canthigaster papua" has a diurnal activity.
It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade.

</doc>
<doc id="20589717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589717" title="185th Aviation Brigade (United States)">
185th Aviation Brigade (United States)

The 185th Aviation Brigade (Theater) is an aviation brigade of the United States Army. It is a unit of the Mississippi Army National Guard with units throughout the state of Mississippi.
History.
US Army Aviation units were first organized in Mississippi in 1948 to support artillery units in the northern part of the state and Hattiesburg. These aviation units were located at Grenada Airport 100 miles north of Jackson, Mississippi, the state capitol. In January 1951, all army aviation units in Mississippi were ordered to active duty and sent to Fort Jackson, South Carolina. Six of the original ten aviators saw combat duty in the Korean War. The Grenada facility was closed during this time leaving no active army aviation programs in Mississippi.
In early 1953, the Mississippi Aviation program was reorganized at Hawkins Field in Jackson. Mississippi received its first helicopters, two Bell OH-13s, in 1954. By 1958, the program had expanded to include a total of 40 aviators.
The Mississippi Army Aviation program began operations as separate companies in 1959 and continued until 1968. During this time full-time maintenance support facilities were opened in Tupelo and Meridian.
The state’s first battalion sized aviation unit, the 131st Aviation Battalion, was formed on 15 February 1968. The 131st was in service until 1986 when it was restructured to become an aviation group. In 1987, the 131st Aviation Group was redesignated as the 185th Aviation Group.
In 1992, Company E, 185th Aviation in Meridian was redesignated Company G. This resulted in the company’s CH-54 Sky Cranes being replaced by twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook medium lift helicopters. In 1994 the mission of Company C, 1–185th Aviation in Tupelo was changed to armed aerial assault using the OH-58D/I Kiowa Warrior. Company C was then redesignated Company H, 185th Aviation. During 1996 Companies C and D, 1–185th Aviation in Jackson replaced their aging UH-1Hs with the UH-60 Blackhawk.
On 1 October 1999, Company H was reformed as Company D, 1–159th Aviation based at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. They are one of the first reserve component units in the nation to be part of an active component aviation battalion. The company is still located in Tupelo, Mississippi.
Aviation assets under the 185th that are presently located in Mississippi are the 1–185th Aviation Battalion (flying the UH-60 Blackhawk) at Tupelo and Jackson; Company B, 1–111th Aviation (flying the CH-47 Chinook) at Meridian; Company C, 1–114th Aviation (RAID) at Jackson; Troops D, E, and F, 1–104th Cavalry (AH-64 Apache) in Tupelo, Mississippi; and 2/185th Aviation Regiment (ATS) at Southaven, Mississippi.
Headquarters, 185th Aviation Brigade was deployed to Iraq and stationed at Balad, Iraq for Operation Iraqi Freedom-II from January 2004 to December 2004. The 185th Served as the Aviation Brigade for the entire theatre and controlled all Aviation assets in the country of Iraq during their deployment. The 185th Group returned on 24 December 2004.
In September 2006 the 185th Aviation Group was redesignated to the 185th Aviation Brigade (Theater).

</doc>
<doc id="20589719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589719" title="Shalom College">
Shalom College

Shalom College may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20589725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589725" title="Worcester City Hall and Common">
Worcester City Hall and Common

The Worcester City Hall and Common, the civic heart of the city, are a historic city hall and town common at 455 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The Common, established in 1669, originally encompassed about , compared to its present size of . A meeting house used for both town meetings and religious functions was constructed on the Common in 1719, on the same site as the current City Hall. In 1763, the first meeting house was demolished and what became known as The Old South Meeting House was constructed on the site. It was here, on July 14, 1776, that Isaiah Thomas publicly read the Declaration of Independence for the first time in New England. 
Near the center of the Common is the meeting house's burial ground, marked by gravestones and the Bigelow Monument. The Soldiers' Monument, located near the northeast corner of the Common, honors the 398 Worcester soldiers killed in the American Civil War. The Burnside Fountain, located near the southeast corner of the Common, provided water for horses, and features the sculpture "Boy with a Turtle", commonly known as "Turtle Boy."
Worcester City Hall was designed by Peabody & Stearns and built by the Norcross Brothers in 1898. The Italianate structure was built with a granite exterior, and was partly modeled after Italian Renaissance palazzos. Its tower shares some similarity to that of the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence, Italy, and the interior of the building extensively uses marble, commonly seen in Italian Renaissance buildings, and features an interior courtyard where the upper floors have balconies supported by decorated round arches. City Hall is currently the 4th tallest building in Worcester.
The city hall and common were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20589726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589726" title="Canthigaster coronata">
Canthigaster coronata

Canthigaster coronata is a Pufferfish from the Indo-West Pacific. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a size of 14cm in length.

</doc>
<doc id="20589740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589740" title="Man v. Food">
Man v. Food

Man v. Food is an American food reality television series. It premiered on December 3, 2008 on the Travel Channel. The program is hosted by actor and food enthusiast Adam Richman. In each episode, Richman explores the "big food" offerings of a different American city before facing off against a pre-existing eating challenge at a local restaurant. The program airs in syndication at various times during the week.
Host.
Series host Adam Richman grew up in Brooklyn, New York, completed his undergraduate degree in International Studies at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, and earned a master's degree from the Yale School of Drama. A self-educated food "fanatic", since 1995 he has kept a travel journal including each of the restaurants he visited and what he learned from the trip. Although described as "a bit on the husky side", to maintain his health while indulging for the show, Richman exercises twice a day while he's on the road. When the schedule permits, he does not eat the day before a challenge and he tries to stay "crazy hydrated" by drinking lots of water or club soda and forgoing coffee or soft drinks. After taping for a challenge is complete, Richman spends an hour or so on a treadmill, telling the "Las Vegas Review-Journal", "Being sedentary is incredibly uncomfortable. Despite the fact that the first 10 minutes or 15 minutes on the treadmill might suck, it actually does alleviate a lot of pressure, and you feel better."
Premise.
In "Man v. Food", Adam Richman travels across the United States to explore the culture and unique "big food" of one city in each episode. In some episodes, Richman takes on food challenges involving very hot and spicy (or piquant) foods (such as foods spiced with habanero peppers), and also large quantities of food, such as a 5-pound-sandwich challenge. He finds places in each city to indulge his appetite and visits local landmarks. Richman interacts with local restaurateurs as they demonstrate the making of a house specialty or element of local cuisine. He gives a brief insight to the local community by talking to patrons at the establishments and asking about the most-talked about orders. The show emphasizes quality as well as quantity—a number of the locations in season one are Zagat-rated, while others have received honors from "Esquire" magazine as home of "The Best Sandwiches in America". Over the course of the series, his personal record was 37–22 (win-loss) in his food challenges. Combined with the team events in season four, the overall record stands at 48 wins for "Man" and 38 wins for "Food".
Episodes sometimes include a brief fantasy sequence where Richman pretends to be a character to psych himself up for the episode's big food challenge. The half-hour show culminates in Richman facing off against an established local food challenge. Each show wraps with a fake press conference where Richman fields questions about the challenge as if it were a just-concluded sporting event or as if he had just won, or in some cases lost, a big award.
Richman made one attempt at a Guinness World Record when he and a group of 40 regional eaters attempted a 190 pound burger in two hours, in which case food won the battle with about 30 pounds left of the burger.
Critical reaction and reviews.
The "Los Angeles Times" noted that the Travel Channel received its highest-ever ratings for a new debut with "Man v. Food". They highlighted the show as an example of other networks moving in on the traditional turf of the Food Network.
In the "Star-Ledger", television critic Alan Sepinwall wrote, "It ain't deep, and it certainly ain't healthy (I could feel my arteries clog just from watching), but it's fun."
Features reporters Thomas Rozwadowski of the "Green Bay Press-Gazette" said that "playfully eager host Adam Richman has won me over" and that "it's all in good fun."
"CityPages Minneapolis/St. Paul" describes the show, "...like the food version of "Jackass", with host Adam Richman as its very own Steve-O."
Christopher Lawrence of the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" describes Richman as "impressive" and "likable" saying "think a beefier Fred Savage, although one who somehow weighs less than he did last season."
Jonathan Bernstein of British newspaper "The Guardian" described "mixed feelings" about the series saying he likes "the concept" and "the guy" but that the challenges make him "a little uneasy".
Charlie Brooker, also of "The Guardian", was largely critical of the show's celebration of excess, stating "if food is the new porn, this is an all-out orgy between wobbling gutsos and farmyard animals – a snuff orgy, no less, since the latter end up sawn in half and smothered in BBQ sauce."
Alton Brown, host of the food science show "Good Eats", was also critical of the show, calling "Man v. Food" "disgusting," stating: "That show is about gluttony, and gluttony is wrong. It's wasteful. Think about people that are starving to death and think about that show. I think it's an embarrassment."
Episodes.
Season 1: December 2008–March 2009.
The weekly series premiered on December 3, 2008, with back to back new episodes airing for the first two weeks then settling down to a pattern of one new episode followed by one repeat episode. First-run episodes of the series aired in the United States on the Travel Channel on Wednesdays at 10:00 pm Eastern time. The first season of "Man v. Food" was initially picked up for 10 episodes and then, after initial ratings success, an additional 8 episodes were ordered. The show travelled to Amarillo, Memphis, Pittsburgh, Columbus, Austin, Chicago, Atlanta, Boston, New York City, New Orleans, Portland, Seattle, Los Angeles, St. Louis, San Jose, Denver, the North Carolina Triangle, and Minneapolis. Over the course of the first season, the final record wound up at 11 wins for "Man" and 7 wins for "Food". Season 1 was released on DVD in the United States on October 6, 2009.
Season 2: August–December 2009.
The second season of "Man v. Food" premiered on August 5, 2009, at 10:00 pm EDT. First-run episodes of the series aired in the United States on the Travel Channel on Wednesdays at 10:00 pm Eastern time. The 20 scheduled episodes included visits to San Antonio; Las Vegas; Charleston, South Carolina; San Francisco; Durham (North Carolina); Honolulu; Sarasota; Philadelphia; Springfield, Illinois; Boise; Washington, D.C.; Baltimore; Detroit; Brooklyn; Anchorage; Little Rock; Tucson; New Brunswick and Hartford, plus a "Baseball Special" episode that aired on September 30, 2009. After the season finale in Hartford, a special "Live" episode aired in Miami on February 3, 2010.
Not counting the "Live" episode (which Adam won), the final second season tally stood at 13 wins for "Man" and 7 wins for "Food". The season 2 DVD was released on October 26, 2010.
Season 3: June–October 2010.
On June 16, 2010, Season 3 began airing with a one-hour run at 9 pm ET before the premiere of "Bert the Conqueror." It was announced on April 1, 2010, via Adam Richman on his personal Twitter account, that season 3 of Man v. Food would begin airing June 16 at 9 pm Eastern / 6 pm Pacific, with episodes in San Diego and Boulder. Other visits chronicled this season include Cleveland, Richmond, Salt Lake City, Phoenix, Puerto Rico, Long Island, Oklahoma City, Kansas City, Indianapolis, the Jersey Shore, Syracuse, Portland (Maine), Niagara Falls, Butte, Sacramento, Des Moines, Knoxville, and Ann Arbor.
The final tally for the third season was 12 wins for "Man" and 8 wins for "Food". At this point, Richman's total win percentage for the first three seasons is 62%.
Season 4: May 2011–April 2012.
The fourth and final season of "Man v. Food" is titled Man v. Food Nation. The format of the show is generally the same, with Richman travelling across the US to visit cities known for their interesting eateries. Unlike the previous seasons of "Man v. Food", Richman would recruit locals of the selected cities to take on the food challenges, while he serves as their coach. Richman stated that the change is not due to any lack of ability or desire to do the challenges himself, but instead to keep the show interesting. The locales featured on "Man v. Food Nation" were New Haven, Tampa, Nashville, Tulsa, Alburquerque, Mobile, the Florida Keys, the Gulf Coast, Portsmouth, Louisville, Milwaukee, Providence, Dallas, U.S. Route 66, Harlem, New York City, the Pacific Coast Highway, St. Paul, Cincinnati, Rochester, Omaha, Green Bay, Savannah, Oahu, Charlotte and Jackson, as well as a "Street Eats" special and a Thanksgiving "Feast" special. After a special preview episode on May 25, 2011 at 9PM ET/PT, "Man v. Food Nation" premiered on June 1, 2011, with back-to-back episodes in New Haven and Tampa, and concluded on April 11, 2012 with back-to-back episodes in Charlotte and Jackson.
The final record for this season was 11 wins for "Man" and 16 wins for "Food", and this was the first season in which "Food" won both the season opener and the finale, and most of all, "Food" had more wins than "Man."
All four seasons combined, the final tally stands at 48 wins for "Man" and 38 wins for "Food".
Clip shows.
On March 3, 2010, "Man v. Food: Carnivore Edition" aired. The episode was mainly a compilation of clips from Richman's more "carnivorous" food stops. Some clips included barbecue in Amarillo, Texas, and the Thurman Burger in Columbus, Ohio.
On October 27, 2010, a special series of episodes, "Man v. Food presents Carnivore Chronicles" debuted on the Travel Channel; this series features clips from past meat-related episodes, including some segments that were featured in previous clip shows, with some unseen material included. This series is seen Wednesday nights at 9 pm ET.
Other clip shows included a "Breakfast Edition", featuring the series' most memorable breakfast dishes; a "Dessert Edition" and a "Tailgate Edition" were also shown.
Another clip show was "Man v. Food's Greatest Moments", which featured the challenges in Amarillo, New Orleans, New Brunswick, Fifth Third Ballpark (Comstock Park), San Francisco, San Jose, Little Rock, Washington D.C., and San Antonio, and featured commentary on the challenges by Adam.
The newest clip show, "Amazing Eats", premiered in January 2012, and it features previous "Man v. Food" and "Man v. Food Nation" clips in episodes set by certain themes (cheese, pork, burgers, etc.).
Retirement.
On January 27, 2012 Richman announced his retirement from food challenges. No exact reason was given as to why Richman retired, other than moving on and wishing his audience farewell. Explaining the show's re-tooling to become "Man V. Food Nation", Scripps Networks chairman Ken Lowe cited concerns over ensuring Adam Richman's health if the show had continued in its previous format.
Logo.
The "Man vs Food" logo (seasons 1-2) is almost identical to a well known eatery established in Mexico City in 1992. The logo for "El Cuadrilatero" ("The ring") differs very slightly from that of the TV show in that a coffee cup is present instead of a chicken leg.

</doc>
<doc id="20589749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589749" title="Canthigaster jactator">
Canthigaster jactator

Canthigaster jactator is a member of the pufferfish family that is endemic to the Hawaiian islands. It occasionally makes its way into the aquarium trade. It grows to a length of .

</doc>
<doc id="20589759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20589759" title="185th Brigade">
185th Brigade

185th Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
