<doc id="20639631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639631" title="The Procrastinator">
The Procrastinator

The Procrastinator is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released posthumously on the Blue Note label, featuring performances by Morgan, Wayne Shorter, Bobby Hutcherson, Herbie Hancock, Ron Carter and Billy Higgins. It was originally issued in 1978 as a double LP (“Jazz Classics Series”, BN-LA582-J2) featuring tracks recorded in three different sessions: July 1967, September 1969 and October 1969. Alongside the US-issue there was a single album release in Japan the same year titled "Lee Morgan All-Star Sextet", which only comprised the session of 1967 (ST-83023/GXF-3023). The first and remastered CD-release, that came out in 1995 as part of the Blue Note “Connoisseur Series”, also included just this session. The remaining tracks of the original double album have been finally issued on CD in 1998 in Japan, then in 2003 in the US, as bonus tracks on "Sonic Boom".
Six years after Morgans early death "The Procrastinator" was the first in a line of a couple of other releases with previously unissued sessions, that Blue Note launched in a “Classic Series” the following years ("Sonic Boom", "Tom Cat", "Taru" and "Infinity"). 
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "It is surprising that Lee Morgan's "The Procrastinator" was not released when it was recorded in 1967 for the sextet (which includes Wayne Shorter, vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson, pianist Herbie Hancock, bassist Ron Carter and drummer Billy Higgins) lives up to their potential on a well-rounded set of originals by Morgan and Shorter. The music ranges from the funky "Party Time" (which sounds like it could have been written by Horace Silver) to more explorative pieces.".
Track listing.
Original double LP (1978, BN-LA582-J2)
"Recorded on July 14, 1967 (#1-6), September 12 (#8, 9, 13) and October 10, 1969 (#7, 10-12)."
Single LP release in Japan (1978, ST-83023/GXF-3023), and 1995 CD reissue
Personnel.
Tracks 1-6
Track 7-13

</doc>
<doc id="20639681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639681" title="Harris Khalique">
Harris Khalique

Harris Khalique (Urdu: ) (born 20 October 1966) is a Pakistani poet, columnist and intellectual. He is based in Islamabad.
Early life.
Khalique was born in Karachi, Pakistan to parents of Kashmiri origin. Khalique’s father, Khalique Ibrahim Khalique (1926–2006), was educated and trained in literature and filmmaking in Lahore and Mumbai
before moving to Karachi. He was a documentary filmmaker of Pakistan and ardent social activist. Khalique was raised in Karachi but travelled across Pakistan from a very young age and spent considerable time in Hyderabad (Sindh), Tando Mohammed Khan (Sindh) and Lahore, where a part of his mother's family lives.
Khalique attended Cantonment Public School and D.J. Sindh Government Science College, Karachi, before graduating in Mechanical Engineering from NED University of Engineering and Technology. Later, he earned a Master’s degree in Development Management and Development Studies from London School of Economics and Political Science. He started his career as an engineer and worked for more than a year on instrumentation of power plants, then switched to the fields of community development and human rights as a student and young professional. He moved to Islamabad in 2001 where he now lives.
Writing.
Khalique is a poet and writes in both Urdu and English; his poetry appears in anthologies published by University of Georgia Press, W.W. Norton and Co. and Oxford University Press and on the web. He also co-wrote a book of creative non-fiction with the partition of South Asia in 1947 serving as the backdrop. Besides contributing occasionally to other magazines, journals and newspapers, he writes a weekly column in "The News International".

</doc>
<doc id="20639708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639708" title="Raymond Chiao">
Raymond Chiao

Raymond Y. Chiao is an American physicist best known for his experimental work in quantum optics. He is currently on the faculty of the University of California, Merced, where he is conducting research on gravitational radiation.
Biography.
Raymond Chiao was born in Hong Kong on Oct. 9, 1940, and moved as a child to the United States in 1947. He grew up in New York City, where he attended Collegiate School. It was there that he first got interested in science through reading Gamow’s book One, Two, Three, ..., Infinity.
He was admitted to Princeton University in 1957 as an electrical engineer, but then switched to the physics department, where he worked on a senior thesis project given to him by John Archibald Wheeler on the quantization of general relativity. He then switched from theoretical physics to experimental physics in graduate studies at MIT under the supervision of Charles Hard Townes, shortly after the experimental realization of the ruby laser. His thesis topic was on the first observation of stimulated Brillouin scattering.
After obtaining his Ph. D. in 1965 from MIT, he taught as an assistant professor there until 1967. He moved to UC Berkeley in 1967, and remained there until 2006, after which he took a position at the UC's newly opened campus UC Merced.
Discoveries.
Chiao has become well known in the field of quantum optics due to several important experiments. Based on former experiments carried out by Günter Nimtz in 1992 he measured the quantum tunnelling time, which was found to be between 1.5 to 1.7 times the speed of light. Interpretation of these results is open to question (see references below pertaining to tunneling time). He also was the first to measure the topological Berry's Phase (Geometric phase) .
Current work.
As of 2006, he accepted a faculty position at UC Merced and turned his full energy on the project of detecting gravitational waves through the use of superconductors. As of 2010 he became emeritus faculty but he continues to advise several PhD Students.
References and external links.
Various
Books.
Quantum Optics By John Garrison, Raymond Chiao <br>
Amazing Light By Raymond Chiao
Publications.
A.M. Steinberg and R. Y. Chiao Tunneling delay times in one and two dimensions Phys. Rev. A 49, 3283 - 3295 (1994)
http://prola.aps.org/abstract/PRA/v49/i5/p3283_1
A. Tomita and R.Y. Chiao Observation of Berry's Topological Phase by Use of an Optical Fiber Phys. Rev. Lett. 57, 937 - 940 (1986)
http://prola.aps.org/abstract/PRL/v57/i8/p937_1
Steinberg, A.M., Kwiat, P.G. & R.Y. Chiao 1993: "Measurement of the Single-Photon Tunneling Time" in Physical Review Letter 71, S. 708–711
Media coverage.
http://physicsworld.com/blog/2009/04/can_gravitional_waves_be_detec.html
http://edition.cnn.com/2000/TECH/space/07/20/speed.of.light.ap/ <br>
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9E0DE0D8123BF935A15750C0A9649C8B63 <br>
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9E0DE0D8123BF935A15750C0A9649C8B63 <br>
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/examiner/article.cgi?year=1997&month=08&day=11&article=NEWS378.dtl <br>
http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=a-philosophers-stone

</doc>
<doc id="20639725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639725" title="Plutonium Blonde">
Plutonium Blonde

Plutonium Blonde is a 2008 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.

</doc>
<doc id="20639736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639736" title="William Phelps (colonist)">
William Phelps (colonist)

William Phelps, a Puritan from Crewkerne, England, was one of the founders of both Dorchester, Massachusetts and Windsor, Connecticut and was one of eight selected to lead the first democratic town government in the American colonies in 1637. He was foreman of the first grand jury in New England, served most of his life in early colonial government, and according to noted historian Henry Reed Stiles, Phelps "was one of the most prominent and highly respected men in the colony."
Origin of William Phelps.
William Phelps (c. 1593 – July 14, 1672) was a Puritan Englishman who immigrated in 1630 to the American Colonies. Based on a family history written by Oliver Seymour Phelps and his son-in-law, Andrew T. Servin, "The Phelps Family in America",
many researchers mistakenly believe that William Phelps and a brother, George Phelps, both emigrated from Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, England in 1630, to the New World. 
From Crewkerne.
Phelps and Servin's identification of the origin of William Phelps of Dorchester, Massachusetts was based solely on an estimate of his birth date, derived from what was thought to be his age of 72 at death on July 14, 1672. Oliver Phelps located a William Phelps who was baptized in Tewkesbury on August 19, 1599, and thus identified him as the original immigrant. He also believed that George Phelps of Windsor, Connecticut, was William’s brother, despite the fact that they could not locate any records for a George Phelps in Tewkesbury. Recent genetic research has shown no biological relationship between the descendants of William and George Phelps.
Additionally, the will of William Phelps’ mother Dorothy in Tewkesbury, probated on May 5, 1617, mentioned a brother-in-law, Edward Phelps. His will in turn, probated on July 1, 1637, named as overseer of his estate his nephew, William Phelps, likely placing William Phelps of Tewkesbury in England and not across the Atlantic in the Massachusetts Bay. 
More recent expert research has identified William Phelps of Crewkerne, Somersetshire, England as the probable immigrant. 
Family.
Phelps was married twice: (1) Mary (surname unknown), buried in England in 1626, and (2) Anne Dover, who probably accompanied him and children from both marriages to Dorchester, Massachusetts, a town later subsumed as a neighborhood of Boston. The names and birthdates of his children correspond to the records later found in the American colony.
Marriage to Mary.
Phelps was born in Crewkerne, England and is estimated to have married his first wife Mary sometime between 1615–1618, as their first child William was baptized at Crewkerne on September 9, 1618. Mary and William had four children, all baptized before 1625 at Crewkerne: William, Samuel, an unnamed infant who died young, and Nathaniel. Mary was buried at Crewkerne on August 13, 1626.
Marriage to Ann Dover.
Three months after Mary's death, William married Ann Dover at Crewkerne, on November 14, 1626. They had four children in England: Cornelius, Joseph and Mary (twins), and another child named Mary. Researchers can not find further records of Cornelius or either of the two girls named Mary, and presume they all died young. After arriving in the Colonies, Ann and William had three more children: Sarah, Timothy, and a third Mary. Records in the Colonies have been found for the children named Joseph, Sarah, Timothy and the last Mary, corresponding to records from the International Genealogical Index in Somerset listing the names of William Phelps' children from both wives.
Immigration to New England.
King Charles I of England had succeeded his father King James I of England in 1625, and continued his father's strong opposition to the Puritan movement, who opposed many of the Anglican Church's doctrines as retaining too much of its Roman Catholic roots. After the Puritans assumed control of Parliament, they began to pose a serious threat to the King's authority. In January 1629, in a move to neutralize his opponents, Charles dissolved Parliament entirely. The religious and political climate became so difficult for Puritans that many began to make arrangements to leave the country.
William Phelps was among them. Phelps had been a member of Reverend John Warham's church. Warham had been a minister since 1614, but was relieved of his ministerial duties in 1627 because of his “strong Puritan leanings.” The group Phelps joined was organized by the Reverend John White, Vicar of Dorchester, England. White is generally regarded as the sponsor of the earliest Massachusetts settlement after Plymouth. At his urging, nearly 150 individuals gathered from the English West Country counties of Dorset, Somerset, Devon and Cornwall. While many historians assumed that the emigrants were motivated by religious persecution like others in the Winthrop Fleet, the West Country was free from it.
Unlike many who fled England for Canada, Ireland, and the Caribbean during this time, the Puritans who migrated to the New World were on the whole better educated and tended to leave relatively prosperous lives to establish a new society of pious family values. While the Pilgrims were non-conformists or separatists, the Puritans were reformers. They were not leaving England for religious freedom, "per se", for they believed their faith to be the only true religion. They disrespected all other faiths, especially Quakers.
The emigrants were organized by Rev. White on March 19, 1630 as the West Country Company at New Hospital, Plymouth, England, the day before leaving England. Although very few knew one another, they agreed to emigrate as a body to Massachusetts, where White had sent other groups over the prior six years. White has been called “the father of the Massachusetts Colony,” despite remaining in England his entire life, because of his influence in establishing this settlement. From their first arrival aboard the Mayflower in 1620, until 1629, only about 300 Puritans had survived in New England, scattered in small and isolated settlements.
The group fasted, prayed and prepared themselves for their perilous long voyage. White preached sermons in the morning and afternoon; then, with his blessing, the group departed on March 20 for the New World aboard the "Mary and John".
Arrival in the New World.
The "Mary and John" made a good passage and arrived at Nantasket on May 30, 1630 without casualty. The arrival of 140 passengers in New England significantly increased the local population. Along with William Phelps was Roger Ludlowe, John Mason, Samuel Maverick, Nicholas Upsall, Henry Wolcott and other men who would become prominent in the founding of a new nation.
The passengers are generally known as the Dorchester Company, referring to the place they selected for their settlement. They remained together as a distinct body and contemporary records identify most of them.
The ship arrived in Massachusetts at about the same time as first ships of the Winthrop Fleet. While the passenger lists for this voyage are not well documented, researchers from the Mary and John Clearing House concluded that it is highly likely that William Phelps, his wife Ann Dover, and their sons William, Samuel, Nathanial and Joseph were aboard ship. These names support the conclusion that William Phelps was from Crewkerne and not Tewkesbury.
Early colonial life.
The "Mary and John" immigrants organized the town of Dorchester upon their arrival at what is now the intersection of Columbia Road and Massachusetts Avenue in South Boston. The Puritan settlers landed at Columbia Point, which the Native Americans called "Mattaponnock".
The immigrants founded the First Parish Church of Dorchester in 1631, which exists today as the Unitarian-Universalist church on Meetinghouse Hill, being the oldest religious organization in present-day Boston. The first church building was a simple log cabin with a thatched roof. The settlers held their first town meeting at the church, and they set their laws in open and frequent discussion. In all of this they were inspired by the ideal of the Kingdom of God on earth and the attempt to realize this in England in the time of the Rev. John White. The church is referred to as a 'Foundation Stone of the Nation".
The new settlers also founded in 1639 the first elementary school in the New World supported by public money, the Mather School. The school is the oldest elementary school in America. Dorchester was annexed by the City of Boston in 1970.
Foreman of first grand jury.
Phelps served continually in varying governing capacities for many years. He was a member of the first General Court held in the colony in 1636, a member of the Court of Magistrates from 1637 to 1643, and was foreman of the first Grand Jury in 1643.
Early service in government.
Phelps name was spelled in the Massachusetts Colonial Records variously as Felps, Phelips and Phelps. He was made constable, assigned to serve on committees given authority to settle land and boundary disputes, and given other key responsibilities in administering the affairs of the new town, including serving on the General Court. or general meeting, at which individuals were tried for offenses including absence from church, forgery, fornication, and “bastardy.”
Phelps remained in Dorchester until 1635 when he and a large number of other families relocated to a new site inland which they named Windsor.
Founding of Windsor.
First town government in colonies.
Windsor was supposed to be under the control of the Massachusetts Company. When Connecticut was set apart as a colony, the General Court of Massachusetts set the terms of the new colony's government in a commission granted by on March 3, 1636. It set out how differences were to be resolved, fines and imprisonment imposed, trading, planting, building, lots, military discipline, defense in war, and the people to be self-governed in their new town. William Phelps was one of eight commissioners appointed by the Colony of Massachusetts Bay to govern the Colony of Connecticut. All meetings were to meet in a legal and open manner. Eight men were given "full power and authority" to lead the new colony: "Roger Ludlowe, Esqr., William Pinchon, Esq., John Steele, William Swaine, Henry Smythe, William Phelpes, William Westwood & Andrew Warde."
Roger Ludlow later wrote a book on the democratic procedures of Connecticut which furnished the outline for the Constitution of the United States.
Pequot war service.
The Mashantucket Pequot had lived in Southeastern Connecticut for over 10,000 years. When the colonists occupied Windsor, Connecticut, they came into contact and later conflict with the Pequot who inhabited the area. The Pequot had recently conquered the area from another tribe. In 1637, the Pequot killed two British slave raiders who had been capturing Native Americans for the slave trade. The colonists demanded that the Indians who killed the slavers be turned over for punishment. The Pequot refused. Other skirmishes and confrontations ensued, including an attack on settlers working in fields near Wethersfield. This was retribution for the confiscation of land belonging to sachem Sowheag. The English, unlike the French, considered land more important than fur trade, and they enslaved or killed most of those who survived the periodic epidemics, like the Smallpox epidemic among the Pequot during 1630-32. The newcomers wanted the land for themselves, and they believed God afflicted the Pequot with Smallbox as a blessing to the settlers.
"At a General Court held May 1, 1637 in Hartford, Connecticut, William Phelps presiding, it was ordered that there shall be an offensive war against the Pequot Indians, in which war he served.” On May 26, 1637, about 90 English militia combined forces with Indians who were also enemies of the Pequot, the Narragansetts and Mohegan. They attacked the Pequot palisade or fort at Mystic. Many of the Pequot men from that village, led by their sachem Sassacus, were largely absent from the village as they prepared another raid on Hartford, Connecticut.
The militia, commanded by Captain John Mason, surrounded the palisaded village at dawn and set it to fire, striving to kill any who escaped the flames. By their own estimate they killed 600 to 700 individuals, captured seven, and saw seven escape. most of whom where women and children. This was later referred to as the Mystic massacre. In the ensuring weeks the Pequot, already decimated by Smallpox, were virtually eliminated as a tribe. The remaining individuals were enslaved by neighboring enemy tribes, sold into slavery to other colonies, or enslaved by the white settlers themselves.
Later public service.
William Phelps was a member of the General Court for 23 years from 1636 to 1662. He was a member of Council in 1637. In 1641, he and later Governor Thomas Welles, of Hartford, were a committee on lying, “considered a grievous fault.” That same year he served as Governor of the Windsor Colony. He was also one of the earliest Governor's Assistants and Representative from 1645 to 1657. Phelps participated in enacting laws which with others were later called the Blue Laws of Connecticut."
The law of the day was specific regarding crimes and punishment, and Phelps was cited on numerous occasions for his responsibility in administering the law.
Land purchases.
His home in Windsor was “a short distance north of the Mill River Valley,” and after the Connecticut River flooded during the breaking up of ice in the spring of 1639, he moved his home further south, “about three-quarters of a mile northwest of Broad Street on the road to Poquonock, the place owned, in 1859, by Deacon Roger Phelps.” 
Phelps purchased land from the Indians on more than one occasion. In a deed dated March 31, 1665, Phelps recorded that he had purchased a parcel of land about 30 years previously from Sehat, a Paquanick sachem. He was unable to provide title and prove his previous payment, forcing him to buy the land again. He paid to Sehat's descendant “Nassahegan, an Indian sachem” and his kinsmen “four trucking coats” and wampum. He had previously paid "two coats and 40 shillings in wampum for a third coat, and six bushels of Indian corn, and fifteen shillings in wampum for the fourth coat; and fifteen shillings in wampum is at six a penny."
The Massachusetts Colonial Records contain a report from February, 1666, which reported that "whereas there are several men that have land within the limits of it (the purchase aforesaid) both meadow and up-land, besides Mr. Phelps and his sons, it was therefore concluded that each man according to his proportion of land, capable of plowing or mowing, shall pay 12 pence per acre to Mr. Phelps; and each man paying to Mr. Phelps should afterward have a clear title to their several shares of land." Historian Henry Reed Stiles noted, "In these early days the title of Mister or Mr. was only given to elderly persons of distinction, while all military titles were always used. William Phelps received this distinguished title of Mr."
Stiles further noted that William Phelps "was one of the most prominent and highly respected men in the colony. An excellent, pious, and upright man in his public and private life, and was truly a pillar in Church and State." The family historian Oliver Phelps cited William Phelps as "one of the fathers and founders of this now ocean-bound Republic."
Death and burial.
Phelps died at age 78 on July 14, 1672, and was buried the next day. His wife died three years later on November 27, 1675. A Settlement Deed for his son Timothy's marriage to Mary, daughter of Edward Griswold, another pioneer founder of Windsor, was dated April 22, 1660. Phelps’ last will and testament was entered on the Windsor, Connecticut register, July 26, 1672, and signed by Matthew Grant, Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20639746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639746" title="Liza's at The Palace....">
Liza's at The Palace....

"Liza's at the Palace..." was a concert presented by Liza Minnelli at the Palace Theatre on Broadway from December 3, 2008 through January 4, 2009. It was produced by John Scher and Metropolitan Talent Presents.
It was directed and choreographed by Ron Lewis, with vocal arrangements by Kay Thompson and Billy Stritch. Minnelli performed with four dancer-singers: Cortes Alexander, Jim Caruso, Tiger Martina, and Johnny Rodgers. The concert contained songs written by Kander and Ebb, among others.
The first act included a revised version of a vaudeville tribute her mother once performed at the Palace. The second act included a "re-creation of Thompson's celebrated nightclub act with the four Williams brothers".
Critical response.
Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" said, "From the moment Ms. Minnelli joins forces with a male singing and dancing quartet to resurrect parts of a famous nightclub act Thompson created in the late 1940s and early ’50s with the Williams Brothers, the Palace Theater blasts off into orbit. There it remains, deliriously spinning until the end of a 2-hour-20-minute show (with intermission) that leaves the star in a state of breathless exaltation. The end of the opening-night show on Wednesday found Ms. Minnelli panting, drenched in sweat, her hair matted, as if she had just finished running the New York marathon, which in a sense she had... I would love to report that Ms. Minnelli’s voice and physical agility have been magically restored to their former glory, but those days seem to be gone. On Wednesday night her voice was in tatters, her diction unsteady. When she belted, her wide vibrato wobbled to the breaking point. Most of her s’s were slurred sh’s. Frequently short of breath, she swallowed phrases. Many of her highest notes were dry, piercing caws. But there were still occasional moments of beautifully focused dramatic singing... As for movement, there were no kicks or even half-kicks, although Ms. Minnelli can still strut stealthily and sprawl across a director’s chair in sensual abandon... Once the show began to soar, though, Ms. Minnelli’s force of will became a triumph of spirit over flesh. As she insisted on doing what she can no longer do, her audacity was inspiring: her message was you do the best you can, and if you have to, fake it. She trusted the listener’s imagination to fill in the blanks." 
In "Variety", David Rooney observed, "In her return to Broadway after nearly 10 years’ absence, Minnelli had the opening-night audience in the palm of her hand from her first moment onstage - striking that signature, one-arm-pointed-skyward pose, appropriately framed by a giant pink triangle of light... makes Minnelli a great entertainer when she’s firing on all cylinders is how hard she works for the audience’s love. And how much she clearly thrives on it. In an age in which so many female concert performers are overproduced automatons, deigning to be worshipped by their fans, Minnelli’s emotional give-and-take makes her a disarming relic... Sure, the voice is frayed and husky, the control wavers, many of the lyrics are slurred and the big belt at times hides behind the orchestra’s ample brass section to disguise the effort. But nobody who would buy a ticket to this show in the first place is going to care a whit. Minnelli’s charisma is undiminished and her vocals still have power, warmth and a startling ability to make every song personal." 
Brian Scott Lipton of Theatermania.com stated, "To get the big questions out of the way, Minnelli's voice isn't what it was many years ago, but it's strong and powerful and mostly gets the job done, and she moves rather than really dances. But her skills as a performer, honed over five decades, and her genuineness and vulnerability make these shortcomings seem relatively unimportant."
Awards and nominations.
Minnelli won the 2009 Independent Theatre Reviewers Association Award for Best Female Theatrical Performance and a Drama Desk Award "Special Award" for a "beloved American musical theater icon, for her enduring career of sustained excellence, and her glorious performance in Liza's at The Palace." The show also won the Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event.
The production was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical and the Drama League Award for Distinguished Production of a Musical.
Recording.
A 2-CD set with liner notes by Michael Feinstein was released on February 3, 2009 on Hybrid Recordings. It debuted at #42 on the "Billboard" Independent Albums chart and at #3 on the Top Cast Albums chart, but failed to chart on the "Billboard" 200. The album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album on December 2, 2009.
Public television special.
Celebrating the one year anniversary of Liza Minnelli’s Tony Award-winning performance “Liza's at the Palace...,” American Public Television (APT) will distribute the long awaited special to public television stations nationwide beginning late November 2009 (check local listings). Filmed in the Hollywood Theatre at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on September 30 and October 1, 2009, the program will feature material performed during the New York engagement and will capture many of her greatest hits and an affectionate tribute to her godmother, the late Kay Thompson, who was a groundbreaking singer-dancer, songwriter, vocal arranger and musical director/vocal coach at MGM Studios.
The concert premiered on the cable network HDNET and was shown three times - November 15, 16 and 22, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20639759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639759" title="James River (Alberta)">
James River (Alberta)

The James River is a medium-sized river in central Alberta. It is a tributary of the Red Deer River.
Species of fish commonly found: Brown trout,Rainbow trout,Mountain whitefish,Northern Pike and a few others. It forms in the Rocky Mountains and flows eastward before joining the Red Deer River. The Forestry Trunk Road follows the river for much of its course. The James River is also bridged by Alberta Highway 22 near the unincorporated community of James River Bridge. The James River, as well as James Pass and James Lake, are named after James Dickson, a Stoney Chief who signed Treaty 7 with the Canadian government in 1877. 

</doc>
<doc id="20639770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639770" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Caroline County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Caroline County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Caroline County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20639783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639783" title="Tymbal">
Tymbal

Tymbal (or timbal) is a term for a corrugated exoskeletal structure used to produce sounds in insects. In male cicadas, the tymbals are membranes in the abdomen, responsible for the characteristic sound produced by the insect. In tiger moths, the tymbals are modified regions of the thorax, and produce high-frequency clicks.
The paired tymbals of a cicada are located on the sides of the abdominal base. The "singing" of a cicada is not stridulation as in many other familiar sound-producing insects like crickets (where one structure is rubbed against another): the tymbals are regions of the exoskeleton that are modified to form a complex membrane with thin, membranous portions and thickened "ribs". These membranes vibrate rapidly, and enlarged chambers derived from the tracheae make the cicada's body serve as a resonance chamber, greatly amplifying the sound. Some cicadas produce sounds louder than 106 dB (SPL), among the loudest of all insect-produced sounds. They modulate their noise by positioning their abdomens toward or away from the substrate. 
The tymbals of a tiger moth are specialized regions on the metathoracic episterna, normally corrugated such that sound is produced when the entire tymbal surface is buckled by muscular contraction and then released, producing a series of extremely rapid "clicks" as the corrugations flex back into place. These sounds are only occasionally audible to humans, and are used in both acoustic aposematism (the moths are advertising to bats that they are toxic), and as mating signals. A recent study demonstrates that these sounds are used by some moths to "jam" the sonar of moth-eating bats 

</doc>
<doc id="20639785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639785" title="Pierce-Arrow Town Car">
Pierce-Arrow Town Car

The Pierce-Arrow car brand, produced from 1901 to 1938, was known for having one of the first Town Cars, or open coach designs, beginning in 1905. Pierce-Arrow Town Cars were predominantly owned by the very wealthy, including the royal families of Japan, Persia, Saudi Arabia, Greece, and Belgium. Town Cars were produced in various models: Brougham Town Car, Metropolitan Town Car and the Limousine Landau Town Car.

</doc>
<doc id="20639786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639786" title="Bijan Kumar Mukherjea">
Bijan Kumar Mukherjea

Bijan Kumar Mukherjea (15 August 1891 – February 1956) was the 4th Chief Justice of India. He was in his office from 22 December 1954 to 31 January 1956.
Avocation.
Joined Calcutta Bar in 1914 
Junior Govt. Pleader Calcutta High Court, 1934
Senior Govt. Pleader, Calcutta Court, 1936
Judge Calcutta High Court, November 1936 – 1948
Member Bengal Boundary Commission, 1947
Judge, Federal Court/Supreme Court 14 Oct. 1948-22 Dec.1954.
Chief Justice of India 1954-31 Jan 1956
Education and academics.
After his education in Hooghly College, Bengal, he joined the University Law College Calcutta. 
He was a M.A.(History), B.L.(Gold Medalist), M.L.(Gold Medalist), Doctor of Law. 
He was an Anauth Dev Research Prizeman, Tagore Law Lecturer (Calcutta University), and also a Saraswati (Sanskrit).
Personal life.
Mukherjea was born to R.D. Mukherjea and Sarat Kumari Devi. Married Labanyalata Devi and had a son Amiya Kumar Mukherjea.
Memberships and association.
Fellow of the Calcutta University
President of the Bengal Sanskrit Association
Associated with Scouts Movement in Bengal 
Acted as District Commissioner, South Calcutta Boys Sc Association
Connected with Literary and Cultural Society Bibudha Janani Sava, Nabadwip, Gita Sava, Calcutta, St. Sahitya Parishad; Calcutta etc.
Publication.
Problems & Law 
Hindu Law of Religious and Charitable Trusts.

</doc>
<doc id="20639788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639788" title="Food Allergy Initiative">
Food Allergy Initiative

The Food Allergy Initiative (FAI) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 1998 with the mission to fund food allergy research that seeks a cure, to improve diagnosis and treatment, and to keep patients safe through advocacy and education. FAI is the largest private source of funding for food allergy research in the United States. As of 2011, the organization has raised more than $72 million towards these goals. FAI consistently receives a four-star rating—the highest available—from Charity Navigator, the largest independent charity evaluator in the United States.
Research.
While working within the guidelines set forth by the National Institutes of Health in the Report of the NIH Expert Panel on Food Allergy Research, FAI works to increase:
FAI sponsors food allergy research across the United States at institutions such as Harvard Medical School, the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, and Mount Sinai School of Medicine of New York University.
Advocacy.
FAI played a key role in passing the Food Allergen Labeling & Consumer Protection Act of 2004
Education and patient services.
By working with the media, health care workers, camps, restaurants, food manufacturers, and education and childcare professionals, FAI tries to increase awareness of food allergies and anaphylaxis. Some of the prominent restaurateurs (and restaurants) that have worked with FAI include:

</doc>
<doc id="20639795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639795" title="Masanori Tokita">
Masanori Tokita


</doc>
<doc id="20639805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639805" title="Manuelita la tortuga">
Manuelita la tortuga

"Manuelita la tortuga" is an Argentine song by María Elena Walsh starring a fictional character with the same name. In its native country it is a well-known children's song. The 1999 film "Manuelita" was adapted from the song. A French version of the song was written and made famous by Argentine singer Jairo.

</doc>
<doc id="20639808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639808" title="Irene Moon">
Irene Moon

Irene Moon (born Katja Seltman or Seltmann) is an American entomologist, performance artist, musician, playwright, actor, and filmmaker. She has published in the field of entomology as Katja Seltmann, but is best known for her alter-ego Irene Moon, under which name she has released a series of musical recordings, performance art-entomology lectures, insect/human hybrid dolls and Auk Theatre, a cycle of absurdist-horror plays that she writes and performs. She has also toured extensively throughout the United States and Europe in all of these capacities.
She currently resides in New York City.
Biography.
Moon was born in Raleigh, North Carolina. She began creating performances and films with the Melted Men, Deonna Mann and the Noisettes in Athens, Georgia during the late 1990s, and recorded her first album in 1996. She moved to Lexington, Kentucky in 2000 for Masters work in Entomology with a concentration in Insect Systematics and Evolution. While in Lexington, Moon developed Auk Theatre and began recording music under the name the Collection of the Late Howell Bend (credited for the soundtracks to Auk Theatre). She now works in the field of biodiversity informatics/entomology at the American Museum of Natural History, and continues to create musical and performance art.
Lectures.
Moon has given surrealist entomological lectures throughout the United States and Europe, and has toured with noise music bands the Hair Police and psych folk band Eyes and Arms of Smoke, among many others. Lectures are accompanied by music, slideshows, flip charts, recorded commentary, insect sounds, and often feature background film accompaniment. Lectures are then followed by pop quizzes and/or question and answer sessions. Topics have included the helix aspersa snail, the Death's-head Hawkmoth, and the Nantucket Pine Tip Moth. She has lectured at such diverse venues as the Knitting Factory in New York City, Sluggo's in Pensacola, Florida, the 2003 Entomological Society of America Annual Meeting and Exhibition, and at an abandoned cathedral in Amsterdam.
Recordings.
Moon has released several of her lectures as recordings. She has also released the musical accompaniment to those lectures as stand alone albums. Her first full-length record, Floralaldehyde, was released in 1996 (re-released in 1999). Notable works include Scientificially Speaking with Irene Moon, a series of her lectures and music, From Field Station A (1997, re-pressed 2004), and the soundtrack to the Thin Wax Line, an animated bee propaganda film.
Music.
Aside from her recorded lectures, Moon has also released music under the name Collection of the Late Howell Bend. Notable titles among these works include For the Neonate (2004–2005), and a split with Kentucky-based psychedelic band Warmer Milks. The Collection of the Late Howell Bend have supplied the musical soundtracks to Moon's Auk Theatre. Moon's music (and lectures) have been released and distributed by Begonia Society, Surefire, Ignivomous, Carbon Records, APOP Records, Yod, Armageddon Record Shop, fusetron, tomentosa, RRRecords, Eclipse Records, Mimaroglu Music Sales, and White Denim.
Auk Theatre.
Moon describes Auk Theatre as: "Noisy, short and simple Absurdist theatre with only the best topics in consideration; shoes, cardbord, bats, wine, shapes and murder." To date, thirteen "Auks" have been constructed and performed. Their performances are marked by overstated art design, obscure, usually frightening subject matter, surrealism, medievalism, and occasionally, graphic violence. Nico Nexus of NSMB has described Auk Theatre as "like Pippi Longstocking meets Throbbing Gristle." Auk Theatre's membership has included artist Matt Minter, musician and performance artist Sara O'keefe, musician Jeremy Midkiff (as Jeramy Midkiff), Deek hoi, Ellen Molle', Christopher Cprek, Trevor Tremaine and Robert Beatty of Hair Police, Darryl Cook, and Ben Fulton and John Ferguson of ulysses.
Films.
In addition to several filmed performance of Auk Theatre, Moon also makes films that support her lectures and musical performances, as well as stand-alone short films. These films mix factual information (usually entomological, but also historical, occult, and esoterica) with her own music, field-recorded insect sound samples, photomicrography, and animation. Initially, Moon used 8mm film for her shorts, but has since experimented with Videotape and DV. About her films, Moon has remarked : "Primarily thee visuals . . . explain or emphasize the emotion of a composition. These films are highly synthesized and predominantly fantasy. They are memories not processed, distortions of important details that are often missed or not remembered."
Doll-making.
Moon has also created insect-human hybrid dolls, which she has used for a series of "micro-puppet" shows. These dolls were sold at the La Superette gallery in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20639858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639858" title="Cyrano Fernandez">
Cyrano Fernandez

Cyrano Fernandez is a 2007 Venezuelan drama film based on the plays of Cyrano de Bergerac but set in contemporary times. 
Synopsis.
The movie is based on the romantic triangle between Cyrano (Edgar Ramirez), Cristian (Pastor Oviedo) and Roxanna (Jessika Grau) during the turbulent riots between a group of drug dealers and the neighbours of a shanty town in Caracas. 
Cyrano, apart from being a romantic writer is also the social hero of his barrio, making an allusion to the leaders of the Tupamaro Movement.
Awards.
This movie won the "Best Latin American Film" at the "2008 Malaga Film Festival".
External links.
Cyrano Fernandez - Official Website.

</doc>
<doc id="20639859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639859" title="Napoleone Orsini (disambiguation)">
Napoleone Orsini (disambiguation)

Napoleone Orsini may refer to several members of the Orsini family:

</doc>
<doc id="20639860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639860" title="Yohann Thuram-Ulien">
Yohann Thuram-Ulien

Yohann Thuram-Ulien (born 31 October 1988) is a French football player of Guadeloupean descent who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Charlton Athletic on loan from Standard Liège. He is the cousin of former French international defender Lilian Thuram, who also began his career at Monaco.
Club career.
Although Yohann was born in France near Paris, he spent most of his childhood in Guadeloupe. He arrived in Monaco in 2003. He was a part of Monaco's 2007–08 CFA squad that won the reserve's professional title. During the summer of 2008, he signed his first professional contract, keeping him with Monaco until 2011. He was given squad number 1 and designated as third keeper.
He unexpectedly made his professional debut on 29 November 2008 in a 1–0 victory over Auxerre coming on as a substitute in the 37th minute for the injured Flavio Roma who was starting in place of the injured first-choice keeper Stéphane Ruffier. Thuram kept a clean sheet for the rest of the match. Due to the severity of Roma's injury and Ruffier being out indefinitely as well, Yohann started the following week against Sochaux. Yohann performed well enough for Monaco to earn a 1–1 draw. Before signing his professional contract with Monaco, Barcelona showed interest in the young keeper. On 26 June 2010, Thuram signed a contract extension with Monaco until 2012. Four days later, he was loaned to second division club Tours in order to get some consistent playing time. In the summer of 2013, he signed a contract with Standard Liège.
On 13 January 2014, Yohann joined English side Charlton Athletic on loan until 30 June 2014.
International career.
Yohann did not receive any distinct call-ups to any of the youth national squads, but has received call-ups to France's under-21 futsal team. On 5 February 2009, he earned his first call-up to the France under-21 team. On 24 March 2009, he was called up to the Guadeloupe national team for a friendly match. His call up to Guadeloupe, who were preparing for the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup, would not have hinder future selections from France for Thuram as they are not a member of FIFA.

</doc>
<doc id="20639864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639864" title="Mangel">
Mangel

Mangel or Mangels may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20639871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639871" title="Fear of medical procedures">
Fear of medical procedures

Most people suffer from a form of fear of medical procedures during their life. There are many different aspects of this fear and not everyone has every part. Some of these parts include fear of surgery, fear of dental work and fear of doctors (involving fear of needles). These fears are often overlooked, but when a patient has one to the extreme it can be very damaging to their health.
Formally, medical fear is defined (by Steward and Steward, see Further reading) as "any experience that involves medical personnel or
procedures involved in the process of evaluating or modifying health status in traditional health care settings".
Classification.
Fear of medical procedures can be classified under a broader category of “Blood, Injection, and Injury Phobias”. This is one of five subtypes that classify specific phobias. A specific phobia is defined as a “marked and persistent fear that is excessive or unreasonable, cued by the presence (or anticipation) of a specific object or situation.” Often these fears begin to appear in childhood, around the age of 5 to 9. It seems to be a natural feeling to become squeamish at the sight of blood, injury or gross deformity, but many overcome these fears by the time they reach adulthood. Those who do not are more likely to avoid medical and dental procedures necessary to maintain health, jobs, etc. Research shows that when people encounter something that they have a specific phobia of many of them have a feeling of disgust which makes them not want to come near or experience that which is disgusting to them. This feeling of disgust, especially in the Blood, Injection, and Injury Phobias seems to be passed down in families. Women have been known to avoid becoming pregnant because it requires blood and medical examinations that they would rather avoid. Also, most phobic people have an increased heart rate upon encountering the thing they fear, but Blood, Injection, Injury phobic people also seem to have an increase of fainting after the initial speeding up of heart rate. Their heart rate will go up and then slow again, leading to nausea, sweating, pallor and fainting. This fainting can also lead to seizures making life very difficult for those who have this fear. However only 4.5% of individuals who have this phobia as a child will have this fear their entire lifetime.
For those who do experience this phobia in an extreme manner, specific coping treatments have been found to help them. Biological treatments, like medications used for other anxiety ailments, are generally found to be inappropriate for fear of medical procedures or other specific phobias. Psychological treatments are the treatment of choice because they are more accurate at addressing the problem. Some of these treatments used especially for fear of medical procedures include, Exposure-Based Treatments, Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing, and Applied Tension to react against fainting.
Fear of surgery.
 Fear of surgery is not a fear experienced often, but is still just as harmful as those that are more common. Since surgery is not a common occurrence, the fear is more based on inexperience or something that is out of the ordinary. This fear is one of those categorized under all fears of medical procedures that can be experienced by anyone, all ages, and have little need for actual psychological treatment, unless it is uncharacteristically causing the patient to react in a way that would be harmful to his or her health.
Children.
 Starting with the youngest, fear of surgery is extremely common among young children. Explained best by Christine Gorman in Kids and Surgery, “Surgery is scary enough for adults. But imagine what goes through the mind of a three-year-old when he sees a doctor or nurse all suited up and wearing a surgical mask: “It’s a monster! It’s got big eyes and no mouth! It’s taking me away from Mommy and Daddy.” No wonder half of all children from ages of 2 to 10 show evidence of distress—from bed-wetting to nightmares—for at least two weeks after their operation. Some of them remain traumatized even six months later.” This statement shows that the fear that comes when young children go into surgery can be a serious matter because they are still traumatized by the effects for weeks after the surgery has taken place. Being scared of surgery has led to “eating disorders, sleep disturbances, regression to earlier levels of behavior, depression, and somatizations such as loss of voice after tonsillectomy.” Many children see surgery as a form of punishment and, since they sometimes can’t see what they did “wrong”, the fear is escalated, leaving greater chance for a longer effect on the psychological and emotional feelings of the child.
 Many ways have been tried to help children overcome this fear, including their parents and doctors simply telling them that the surgery won’t hurt, or sedatives given by the doctor to minimize the feelings of anxiety later. There are certain types of treatments that have been proven to be better methods than others. Some hospitals allow parents to come into the surgery room and stay with the child, calming them until the anesthetic has taken effect. This is noted to keep anxiety down for both the parent and the child. If the child can enter the surgery calmly, there is much less of a chance that he or she will have many complications after the surgery due to fear. Other ways to treat the fear of surgery for children include having a doctor explain to them what the surgery is going to do and acting out the operation on a doll or stuffed animal. This makes the surgery something less scary and able to be understood in the child’s mind. When the surgery is understood by the child, the fear of the unknown is less of a factor of how scared the child will be, and how much that will impact their reaction to the surgery. 
Adults.
Children are not the only ones to express fear of surgery, or have after effects that can affect the mental and physical well being of the person. Adults most fear the pain they expect to receive from the surgery. “The Roche Pain Management Survey polled 500 Americans, 27% of whom had surgery during the previous five years. Of those who had surgery, 77% reported pain afterwards, with four out of five of those saying they experienced moderate to extreme pain. Seventy-one percent indicated they experienced pain even after receiving medication; 80% reported they received pain medication on time, although 33% had to ask for it; and 16% had to wait for medication.” Unlike children, adults seem to have less fear of the surgery itself, but rather fear of the effects of surgery.
Milano and Kornfeld in 1980 said “Any operation is a destructive invasion of the body and therefore frightens many patients”. Some operations seem to invoke more fear from patients than others. Aged persons who require cataract surgery often fear the procedure, even though success is very likely. The fear of going blind because of the surgery is more apparent in women, who over all fear surgery more than men. The cataract is a disease that attacks the lens, causing it to swell until sight becomes obscured. Operation is recommended when the disease begins to hamper everyday activities. Even though becoming blind was the only option without the surgery, over 25% of the patients were afraid of becoming blind as a result of the surgery: 34% feared the failure of the operation. Ritva Fagerström, concerning the fears of cataract operation said, “These fears are understandable as the condition of the retina was not known in advance,” Two women out of 75, taking part in a study dealing with the fear of cataract operation felt that the experience of the first operation was so bad that they would not agree to have the second eye operated on. If a patient had this fear, understandable, and did not go through with the surgery, the blindness that would follow would keep them from being able to do normal things, easily leading them into situations of depression, or other dangerous situations which would be destructive to their overall health.
Ways to overcome this fear are specific to the individual. Often adults seem to become less fearful when given more information about the surgery, those who will be performing it, or the things to expect during recovery; 69% said that they had received much information and half of the patients trusted the ophthalmologist to do his best. Although adults have less fear of surgery than children, the impact of this fear can still be just as great for both. Fear of surgery no matter who has it can be harmful to the patient if not taken care of properly before the surgery.
Fear of dental work.
 Fear of surgery is not the only fear based on medical procedures that can be harmful to the health of those who experience it; fear of dental work can also be dangerous if taken to an extreme. Dental fear has been ranked fifth among the most common fears. (DeJongh, Morris, Schoemakers, & Ter Horst, 1995) Those who start with dental fear when they are young and continue with it into adulthood can have total avoidance of all dental work, causing problems for their health. Fear of dental care is often diagnosed using a fear measurement instrument like Corah’s Dental Anxiety Scale or the Modified Dental Anxiety Scale.
Children.
Dental fear in children varies from 3%-21% depending on age and method used to measure dental fear. “A very young child may find the smells of a dental surgery and the sounds of the equipment working very overwhelming” says H.R. Chapman and N. C. Kirby-Turner. Such overwhelming situations can make a child afraid and if the fear is not corrected, it can become harder to get the child to participate in dental procedures.
 Some forms of treatment for children who do experience dental fear include allowing the family to come into the room with them to allow the child to see that the other members of the family are not scared, allowing the child to have time to explore the room and the equipment used on them, under the supervision of the dentist, to become familiar with the things surrounding them. Other methods include tell-show-do, positive reinforcement, distraction, nonverbal communication or even general anesthesia and conscious sedation.
Adults.
 When fear of dental work is not overcome in childhood it is very likely to continue into adulthood, causing a total avoidance of dental visits, which can lead to poor hygiene and lack of proper care for their teeth. Both age and gender have huge differences in how people express and deal with their fear of dental work. Overall women express a fear of dental procedures more than men. Although dental anxiety is shown to be lower in men than in women, men expect more pain from the procedure. This expectance of pain leads many to miss appointments and be unwilling to seek professional help for simple things like toothaches. These simple things can lead to larger problems resulting in decaying teeth and poorly cared for gums. Age also makes a difference in how dental work is dealt with. Dental fear in young adults (ages 18–23) is significantly higher than fear in adults (ages 26–79) showing that over the years, with maturity the fear of dental work decreases. Still many are making appointments and breaking them or not making them at all, leading to a deterioration of their dental condition.
 Treatment for this medical fear is similar to that of the treatment of adults who suffer from fear of surgery. Explanations of what is going on can help, also dentists speaking with patients with less embarrassing wording to encourage them to express and cope with their dental fear. Embarrassing wording could include calling what they have a phobia, or treating them like a child while discussing their problem.
Fear of doctors / fear of needles.
 Some of the most common fears of medical procedures are fear of doctors or fear of needles. These simple fears, when not overcome by the patients, either by themselves or with medical help can cause great problems in the future of their health.
Fear of doctors.
 People of all ages deal with fear of doctors. Children often express fear by trying to hide from doctors when their parents take them in for checkups or trying to avoid going to the doctors by not telling their parents when they don’t feel well. This fear as a child can be easily treated in much the same way doctors deal with children in surgery. An explanation or example (like seeing the doctor check an older sibling, or stuffed animal) can help a child feel more comfortable with what the doctor will do for them.
 Fear of doctors for adults can be a little more extreme. Avoidance of visiting a doctor can lead to problems with not only short term, but long term health. There is a medical condition called white coat hypertension that deals with the raising of high blood pressure while in the presence of doctors. Such high blood pressure is not good for health considerations, so this fear leads to more complications in health aspects of life for those who deal with it.
Fear of needles.
 The fear of needles (simply called "needle phobia" in the medical literature) is sometimes a complex condition that can cause serious health problems that may sometimes result in the death of the patient. Some needle phobics refuse to receive shots that are mandatory, thus leading to greater risk of getting certain diseases, and many avoid treatment for serious medical conditions. Needle phobia is unique in the fact that it is a phobia that is documented to have resulted directly in the deaths of a few patients. In the New England Journal of Medicine, Lountzis and Rahman published an article about a 34 year old woman who had a growth on her fingers that doctors were unable to completely remove because of her fear of needles.

</doc>
<doc id="20639887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639887" title="Michihiro Ozawa">
Michihiro Ozawa


</doc>
<doc id="20639909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639909" title="Star of Bethlehem (disambiguation)">
Star of Bethlehem (disambiguation)

The Star of Bethlehem is a Christian tradition regarding the birth of Jesus. 
Star of Bethlehem may also refer to:
Star of Bethlehem is a common name for flowering plants, it may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20639915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639915" title="Jana Natya Manch">
Jana Natya Manch

Jana Natya Manch (People's Theatre Front; Janam for short, meaning "Birth") is a New Delhi-based amateur theatre company specializing in left-wing street theatre in Hindi. It was founded in 1973 by a group of Delhi's radical theatre amateurs, who sought to take theatre to the people. Theatre personality Safdar Hashmi is the best-known figure associated with the troupe.
Janam collects donations after each performance and funds its work in this manner. As a matter of policy, the group does not accept donations or grants from state, corporate or NGO agencies. The company does street as well as open-air proscenium performances, and also occasionally organises talks, discussions, workshops, exhibitions, film shows, etc.
The company has performed its plays in festivals organised by Prithvi Theatre (Mumbai), National School of Drama (New Delhi), Sahitya Kala Parishad (New Delhi), Natrang Pratishthan (New Delhi), Sangeet Natak Akademi (Kerala), Natya Akademi (West Bengal) and others.
So far this group of self-trained actors has done over 8,500 performances of nearly 80-odd street plays and 16 proscenium plays in about 140 cities in India. The company has performed outside India once, in spring 2007, when they toured the United States, performing, lecturing and conducting workshops on several university and colleges campuses.
Early history.
Janam was founded in 1973 by a group of Delhi’s left-wing theatre amateurs, who sought to take theatre to the people. It was inspired by the spirit of the Indian People’s Theatre Association (IPTA). Its early plays, though initially designed for the proscenium, were performed on makeshift stages and chaupals in the big and small towns and villages of North India. It also experimented with street skits.
Janam’s street theatre journey began in October 1978. The first play "Machine" with lyrical, stylized dialogues depicted the exploitation of industrial labour. Janam has played a significant role in popularizing street theatre as a form of voicing anger and public opinion. It has done plays on price rise, elections, communalism, economic policy, unemployment, trade union rights, globalization, women’s rights, education system, etc. Some of its best-known street plays are "Hatyare", "Samrath ko Nahi Dosh Gosain", "Aurat", "Raja ka Baja", "Apaharan Bhaichare Ka", "Halla Bol", "Mat Banto Insaan Ko", "Sangharsh Karenge Jitenge", "Andhera Aaftaab Mangega", "Jinhe Yakeen Nahin Tha", "Aartanaad", "Rahul Boxer", "Nahin Qabul", "Voh Bol Uthi" and "Yeh Dil Mange More Guruji".
This form of theatre has become a vital cultural tool for workers, revolutionaries and social activists. Street theater addresses topical events and social phenomenon and takes them straight to peoples’ places of work and residence.
Safdar Hashmi.
Safdar Hashmi was Janam's Convenor, who was killed in performance in 1989. The attack on Janam took place on 1 January that year, in Sahibabad, an industrial township on the outskirts of Delhi. The play being performed was "Halla Bol", in support of workers' demands. This play, and its previous version "Chakka Jam", were both done in support of a seven-day strike of industrial workers in November 1988. A spectator, Ram Bahadur, was also killed in the attack. There were massive protests all over the country following this murder and these protests led eventually to the formation of the Safdar Hashmi Memorial Trust (Sahmat) in Delhi.
Hashmi, a founder member of Janam, was a brilliant theoretician and practitioner of political theatre, especially street theatre. A versatile personality, he was a playwright, a lyricist, a theatre director, a designer and an organizer. He also wrote for children. His film scripts were much acclaimed. He wrote on various aspects of culture and related issues in journals and newspapers. Safdar was a member of the C.P.I. (M). In recognition of his contribution to the street theatre movement and to the growth of a democratic culture, the University of Calcutta in 1989 conferred on Safdar the degree of D.Litt. posthumously.
Safdar was born to Haneef Hashmi and Qamar Azad on 12 April 1954 in Delhi. He spent his childhood in Aligarh and finished his schooling in Delhi. He did his M.A. in English literature from University of Delhi. After short stints of teaching in the universities of Garhwal, Kashmir and Delhi he worked in the Press Institute of India and then joined as the Press Information Officer of the Govt. of West Bengal in Delhi. In 1984 he gave up his job to work full-time as a political cultural activist. In 1980, Habib Tanvir directed the play "Moti Ram ka Satyagraha" for Janam.
Every year, Janam and CITU jointly organise an event to commemorate Hashmi's martyrdom at Jhandapur, at the same place where the 1989 attack had taken place.
Janam after Safdar.
Since 1989 Janam has been engaged in both street and proscenium theatre (including "Moteram ka Satyagraha", "Satyashodhak", "Varun ke Bete", "Hum Yahin Rahenge", "Ek Aurat Hypatia Bhi Thi"). In 1993 it began a bilingual theatre quarterly "Nukkad Janam Samvaad" and also instituted the Safdar Hashmi Memorial Lecture series.
Among Janam’s recent proscenium plays is "Aazadi Ne Jab Dastak Di", based on Manini Chatterjee’s book "Do and Die". In January 2004, Janam created "Bush ka Matlab Jhadi" (Bush is a just a bush!), a multimedia presentation celebrating the anti-imperialist sentiment the world over. The play used giant masks, video projection, and live music to create a hilarious expose of the US-UK role in Iraq, their ambitions of world conquest, and the people’s resistance to it. The play was the outcome of Janam’s collaboration with many artists including Surajit Sarkar (video artist), Arunkumar (sculptor), Kriti Arora (artist), Kanishka Prasad (architect), and Ashish Ghosh (music director). This 45-minute play was commissioned by the World Social Forum in Mumbai.
Later in 2004 Janam produced a proscenium play "Shambookvadh" on the question of caste. This play is scripted by Brijesh, has music by Kajal Ghosh, and is directed by Sudhanva Deshpande. The play was invited to the National School of Drama’s theatre festival in 2006, and to the Prithvi Festival in November 2006. In the summer of 2008, Janam produced "Ulte Hor Zamaaney Aye", a proscenium play written by Brijesh, with music by Kajal Ghosh and directed by Sudhanva Deshpande. This was a black comedy about a woman who struggles to get treatment for her husband, who is initially mistaken for a bomb blast victim in a hospital, but dropped like a hot brick when they find out he is actually an industrial worker.
Among Janam’s recent street plays, "Yeh Dil Mange More Guruji" is on the attempts of the Hindu Right brigade to destroy India’s secular and democratic framework; "Aakhri Juloos" is on the right to protest; "Yeh Bhi Hinsa Hai" is a play against the growing violence on women; "One Two ka Four" is a reworked version of an earlier play, "Nahi Qubool", on the nuclear deal; "Yeh Hum Kyon Sahen" is on the conditions of workers in and around Delhi.
Safar, the mobile theatre.
In 1997 Janam constructed an innovative and dismantleable mobile theatre, Safar (acronym for Safdar Rangmanch), to take proscenium plays to working class areas. Safar is a flexible, innovative structure designed by Janak Mistry. It is set up by the actors of Janam wherever they go to perform their large proscenium plays, and is equipped with lights and a sound system. It can be used for a variety of purposes, and various kinds of spaces can be created in it. It can seat about 600-700 people.
Studio Safdar, Shadi Khampur.
In 2012, Janam moved into its own space. Located about 6 k.m. west of Connaught Place is a neighbourhood known as Shadi Khampur, where the group has created a small black box theatre, called Studio Safdar. Janam also has premises on the top floor of the same building, and uses the open terrace to do its own rehearsals. Studio Safdar is envisaged as a space that can used by theatre and other artists to experiment in, create new work, and to show it. The larger idea of how the space came into being and the activities therein within the first year of its establishment are explained by Sudhanva Deshpande in interviews here and here. Next door to Studio Safdar is the May Day Bookstore and Cafe, managed and run by LeftWord Books.
In popular culture.
The 1989 Hindi film, "Salim Langde Pe Mat Ro", directed by Saeed Akhtar Mirza, was dedicated to the memory of Safdar Hashmi. The 2008 Hindi film, "Halla Bol", directed by Rajkumar Santoshi, was inspired by his life of founder Safdar Hashmi, and also depicts a scene, where a street theatre activist is shown being beaten by political goons, but turns into a catalyst for public uprising in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20639935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639935" title="Janam (disambiguation)">
Janam (disambiguation)

Janam may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20639964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639964" title="Albert Garrette Burns">
Albert Garrette Burns

Albert Garrette Burns (March 10, 1888 - December 4, 1951) was president of the National Inventors Congress starting in 1931 and served till at least 1939. He was known as the "Nation's Gadget Chief".
Biography.
He was born in California on March 10, 1888 to WIlliam F. Burns and Louise C. Ball. He later invented a lock for Model T Fords. Other jobs included working in a tea and coffee store, directing a local chamber of commerce, running a wholesale business, as well as managing a sanitarium and a textile mill. He also invented and marketed a bread-slicer.

</doc>
<doc id="20639992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639992" title="Judith M. LeBlanc">
Judith M. LeBlanc

Judith M. LeBlanc (born January 3, 1936) is an American psychologist, teacher and special education researcher.
__TOC__
Biography.
Judith M. LeBlanc is head consultant of the Centro Ann Sullivan del Perú. She is the main architect of the Center’s Functional natural curriculum methodology and along with Liliana Mayo developed the Center’s distance education program. LeBlanc is Professor Emeritus of the University of Kansas Departments of Applied Behavioral Science and Special Education. She is the Coordinator of International Programs at the Schiefelbusch Institute for Research in Life Span Studies. 
LeBlanc received her B.S. degree in psychology from Southern Methodist University, her M.A. from Pittsburg State University and her Ph.D in Developmental and Child Psychology from the University of Kansas.
Recognition.
In 1991, LeBlanc was awarded an Outstanding Contribution Award for International Development by the Association for Behavior Analysis. She is an honorary distinguished professor of the Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia and of the Universidad Inca Garcilaso de la Vega. LeBlanc has been inducted to the University of Kansas Women’s Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20639996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639996" title="Pityrodia">
Pityrodia

Pityrodia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae. The genus is endemic to Australia, with species occurring in Western Australia and the Northern Territory.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20639999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20639999" title="Mughal Road">
Mughal Road

Mughal Road is the road between Bafliaz, a town in the Poonch district, to Shopian district in the Kashmir valley. The road is 84km long, and situated in the Jammu and Kashmir state of India.
The road brings the Poonch and Rajouri district closer to Srinagar in Kashmir valley. The distance between Srinagar and Poonch will be reduced from 588km to 126km. The road passes through Buffliaz, Behramgalla, Chandimarh,Poshana, Chattapani, Peer Ki Gali, Aliabad, Zaznar, Dubjan, Heerpora and Shopian.
The road was historically used by Moghul emperors to travel and conquer Kashmir during the sixteenth century.
Construction.
The construction of the prestigious project was started in 2005 with a target of completion in March 2007 and an estimated cost of INR 255 crores. Also, opponents claimed the road will get early snowfall in winter and hence will not serve as an alternate route to existing Jammu-Srinagar highway. Finally Supreme Court gave conditional permission for the construction of the road.
The construction work was completed on 4 December 2008, Double lane road has already been completed as of August 2012. .
Beginning 2010, Mughal Road Car Rally is being organized every year covering 600 km including the picturesque stretch through Pir Panjal.
See also.
While a fresh deadline of 31 July 2013 has been fixed for completion of the road, the state government is hopeful of throwing it open before that. "We are quite optimistic that by the end of October this year, we will substantially complete the road surface, minus seven bridges. Next year we will be completing the bridges as well. We are hopeful to throw the road open for light motor vehicles before next year itself, if all goes as planned," says Bimal Tikoo, Chief Engineer Mughal Road. "We are under pressure to complete the project. Local politicians and ambitious people want us to be quick. We are hopeful to complete substantial road surface work by October2011 this year."
References.
the mughal road will be open October 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20640005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640005" title="Waichiro Omura">
Waichiro Omura


</doc>
<doc id="20640007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640007" title="List of islands of New York">
List of islands of New York

A list of islands in New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="20640009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640009" title="Denisonia">
Denisonia

Denisonia is a genus of snakes. Rare and venomous, it is also known as De Vis banded snake or mud adder.
Description.
D.devisi is a short, thick and slightly flat snake, The eyes are set at the top of its head and have a conspicuous iris. D.devisi is yellowish brown to olive green in colour with irregular, ragged edged narrow dark bands running across the body. De Vis banded snake is usually confused with death adders as both have thick, banded bodies. The main difference is that the De Vis banded snake’s tail does not taper abruptly and its head is not broad and triangular. 
D.devisi are distributed throughout the alluvial flats of the mid eastern interiors of Australia.
Habitat.
D.devisi are sluggish snakes inhabiting the low lying areas and particularly near sites subjected to seasonal flooding. During the day, this adder stays in the soil cracks or deep cavities and emerges out at night for feeding on frogs.
Reproduction.
D.devisi gives birth to fully formed young ones (viviparous).

</doc>
<doc id="20640028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640028" title="Antonio Longoria">
Antonio Longoria

Antonio Longoria (August 14, 1890 - December 31, 1970) was a scientist who claimed to have invented a death ray in the 1930s.
Biography.
He was born in Madrid, Spain on August 14, 1890. He received his degree in engineering and a Ph.D. in medicine. In 1911 he emigrated to the United States. He moved to Cleveland, Ohio where he married and had three children. He became the president of the Sterling Electrical Company. He became a naturalized US citizen on December 29, 1919. He claimed in 1936 that patents for his process for welding ferrous and nonferrous metals by his "invisible ray" were sold for $6,000,000. He died on, New Year's Eve, December 31, 1970 in Winter Park, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20640044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640044" title="All the Best (Cookies album)">
All the Best (Cookies album)

All The Best is the first album by Mini Cookies, released on August 13, 2003. It is a compilation of old hit songs from Cookies along with seven new songs.
Track listing.
"New songs are noted with *"'

</doc>
<doc id="20640046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640046" title="Olimje Castle">
Olimje Castle

Olimje Castle () is a 16th-century castle located in the settlement of Olimje, part of the Municipality of Podčetrtek in eastern Slovenia. It is currently a Franciscan monastery.
History.
The predecessor of the current castle occupied the site since c. 1000, and first belonged to the counts von Peilestein (known locally as "Pilštajn"), including Hemma of Gurk (), an 11th-century saint and member of the family.
Around 1550, a Count Tattenbach rebuilt the castle in renaissance style, at the same time adding a defensive ditch to guard against Turkish incursions.
In 1658 the castle was bought by Baron Ivan Zakmardy of Zagreb, who began converting it into a monastery, and in 1663 donated it to brothers of the Pauline order from Lepoglava, Croatia. Between 1665 and 1675, they completed the conversion and added a handsome baroque church, whose altar of the Assumption of Mary is considered one of the finest baroque altars in Slovenia. In 1740, the monk Ivan Ranger painted the entire presbytery, and a side chapel was built and decorated.
The Paulines also established a pharmacy, among the oldest in Europe; the monastery contains a fresco honoring Paracelsus. The anticlerical reforms of Joseph II forced the monks out, as their activities did not include running a school or other charitable institution, and Olimje was not a parish, which it became in 1785. The former monastery was bought by the noble house of Attems in 1805; due to high taxes, the new owners could however not afford the upkeep of the entire structure, and had the north and west wings torn down. 
The castle was nationalized after World War II. In 1974, a major earthquake badly damaged it; soon afterward it was thoroughly renovated with the assistance of national, municipal, and parish funds. The sanctuary and parish were given to the Conventual Franciscans in 1990. On the 15th of August, 1999, they revived the monastery after 217 years. Today they care for both pilgrims and the tourists visiting the historic castle and pharmacy. Due to public interest, they have also established a herbal apothecary.

</doc>
<doc id="20640057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640057" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carroll County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Carroll County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20640074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640074" title="Bluepixel Animations">
Bluepixel Animations

Bluepixel Animations is a multimedia training institute located in Hyderabad, India.
It offers courses that include Editing, Visual Effects, Advanced 3D(Maya) to prepare students for careers in animation production.

</doc>
<doc id="20640134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640134" title="Winston Knoll Collegiate">
Winston Knoll Collegiate

Winston Knoll Collegiate (WKC) is a public high school located in the Walsh Acres/Lakeridge neighbourhood of northwestern Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. It first opened its doors in 1996, and currently serves a community of just over 1100 students. The school operates based on a college system, which separates students based on their grade and allots them a specific group of teachers and classrooms. A strong emphasis on technology is also encouraged.
The front archway was deported from the former Central Collegiate Institute, the first high school in the city.
The school has a total of six designated ares called Colleges.The Colleges are split over two stories. There are Colleges A,B,C,D,E,F and B-west. Each College contains a number of classrooms. There are a total of five computer labs, located in A,B,C,D,and E. The school also has a number of laptop computers stored in the Library.
Winston Knoll Collegiate is wheelchair accessible and has an elevator to transport handicaps, as well as a FIAP program.
The school also has a successful commercial kitchen which helps trains students into the food industry. The kitchen/cafeteria is called Winston's.
Current feeder elementary schools include Centennial School, George Lee School, Henry Janzen School, MacNeill School, McLurg School, Ruth M. Buck School, Ruth Pawson School and W.H. Ford School.

</doc>
<doc id="20640156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640156" title="4 Play">
4 Play

4 Play is the second album by Mini Cookies. It was released on January 21, 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="20640175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640175" title="Napoleone Orsini Frangipani">
Napoleone Orsini Frangipani

Napoleone Orsini Frangipani (1263 – 24 March 1342) was a Roman Cardinal. His ecclesiastical career lasted 57 years, 54 of them as a cardinal, and included six conclaves. He was a member of the Orsini and Frangipani families. 
Born in Rome to Rinaldo Orsini, a brother of Pope Nicholas III, Napoleone took holy orders in 1285 and was named a papal sub-chaplain by Honorius IV. He rose quickly, and on 16 May 1288 was appointed cardinal deacon of San Adriano by Nicholas IV. 
During the pontificate of Boniface VIII his gift for diplomacy was put to wide use and he was named legate to Spoleto and Ancona. In this capacity, in 1301, he retook the city of Gubbio, which had rebelled against the Papal State. An opponent of the Colonna family, he was a supporter of Boniface' Italian crusades. 
During the Avignon Papacy Napoleone realigned himself with the Colonna and testified against Boniface at the latter's posthumous trial. Diplomatically active during the pontificates of Clement V and John XXII, he died at the age of seventy-nine in 1342, at Avignon, during the reign of Benedict XII.

</doc>
<doc id="20640181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640181" title="Star of Bethlehem (painting)">
Star of Bethlehem (painting)

The Star of Bethlehem is a painting in watercolour by Sir Edward Burne-Jones depicting the Adoration of the Magi with an angel holding the star of Bethlehem. It was commissioned by the Corporation of the City of Birmingham for its new Museum and Art Gallery in 1887, two years after Burne-Jones was elected Honorary President of the Royal Birmingham Society of Artists. At 101 1/8 x 152 inches, "The Star of Bethlehem" was the largest watercolour of the 19th century. It was completed in 1890 and was first exhibited in 1891.
Origin of the composition.
In 1886, John Prideaux Lightfoot had approached William Morris and Burne-Jones to create a tapestry as a gift for their "alma mater" Exeter College, Oxford, suggesting the "Adoration of the Magi" as a subject. The two quickly agreed. Burne-Jones completed a 26 x 38 inch modello or design in watercolour and bodycolour heightened with gold in 1887. Morris and his assistant John Henry Dearle based the cartoons for the tapestry weavers on Burne-Jones's watercolour, changing the colour scheme and adding background details including the flowering plants characteristic of Dearle's tapestry work. The tapestry was woven by Morris & Co. at Merton Abbey over the next two years and displayed in their London showrooms at Easter 1890 before being presented to Exeter College.
The Adoration was ultimately the most commercially successful of all Morris & Co. tapestries. Of the ten versions woven, one is in Eton College Chapel, one in the Hermitage Museum, St Petersburg, one in the Art Gallery of South Australia, and one at Manchester Metropolitan University. The original hangs in the Exeter College Chapel.
The painting.
The Birmingham commission gave Burne-Jones an opportunity to revisit his tapestry design as a full-scale painting. The colour palette with its rich blue-greens differs greatly from both the original watercolour modello and the Morris tapestry, and its large size allowed him to add a wealth of fine detail not possible in the tapestry version, especially in the clothing. Burne-Jones worked on a ladder, and wrote "a tiring thing it is physically to do, up my steps and down..." A photograph by Barbara Leighton Sotheby, preserved as a platinum print by Frederick Hollyer, shows Burne-Jones on his ladder in front of the work-in-progress. "The Star of Bethlehem" was completed in 1890 and exhibited at the New Gallery, London, in the spring of 1891 before being sent on to the Birmingham Museum & Art Gallery, where it remains.
Burne-Jones used a different pose of the angel holding the star, this time in a warm colour palette, to illustrate the wildflower called Star of Bethlehem ("Ornithogalum umbellatum") in "The Flower Book", a collection of watercolours on themes inspired by the names of flowers that he completed between 1882 and 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="20640184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640184" title="Maine Marathon">
Maine Marathon

The Gorham Savings Bank Maine Marathon is a series of USATF certified road running events held each October in Portland, Maine that include a full marathon and a half marathon, as well as a marathon relay. The course is an out-and-back that starts and finishes along the Back Cove of Portland, going up the coast to Yarmouth and back. The 2012 race is on Sept. 30, and the 2013 event is on Oct. 6.
From 1978 through 1987, the event was known as the Casco Bay Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="20640191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640191" title="HMS Patriot">
HMS Patriot

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Patriot":

</doc>
<doc id="20640215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640215" title="Kintyre, Jamaica">
Kintyre, Jamaica

Kintyre is located in St. Andrew Jamaica on the side of a mountain immediately east of the Hope River, Jamaica beyond Papine. It is accessible only via a driving bridge that can be sure to have some fault whenever a hurricane or heavy rain passes over the island.
The community has been taken over by little gangs who terrorize the community making it more difficult to live in.

</doc>
<doc id="20640249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640249" title="The Green Collar Economy">
The Green Collar Economy

The Green Collar Economy: How One Solution Can Fix Our Two Biggest Problems is a 2008 book by Van Jones. It outlines a plan for simultaneously solving socioeconomic inequality and environmental problems. The book has received favorable reviews from Al Gore, Nancy Pelosi, Laurie David, Paul Hawken, Winona LaDuke and Ben Jealous. "The Green Collar Economy" is the first environmental book written by an African-American to make the "New York Times" bestseller list.
The book is a detailed proposal for a "green new deal". Jones describes the opportunity to create thousands of low- and medium-skill jobs that help conserve energy (for example, insulating older homes and buildings) or use alternate energy sources (solar panels). He emphasizes that these would be local jobs that could not be exported. With appropriate incentives and programs, the jobs could be created in inner cities and thereby help lift people out of poverty. According to Jones, Americans can ensure the "approaching green wave lifts "all" boats," and calls for a mass movement to tackle the United States' ecological and economic crises.

</doc>
<doc id="20640254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640254" title="Northern Yuan Dynasty">
Northern Yuan Dynasty

Northern Yuan Dynasty (official name: Mongol Uls, Mongolia; Khalkha Mongolian: ᠬᠦᠮᠠᠷᠳᠦ ᠥᠨ ᠥᠯᠥᠰ/Umard Yuan, ) refers to successor state of the Yuan Dynasty that had retreated north to Mongolia after the expulsion from China in 1368, until the emergence of the Qing Dynasty in the 17th century. The Northern Yuan Dynasty began with the end of Mongol rule in China and this period was marked by factional struggles and the often only nominal role of the Great Khan. The period before 1388, when Toghus Temur was murdered near the Tuul River, is sometimes referred to as the Northern Yuan. It is also referred to as Post-Imperial Mongolia or Mongolian khanate in some modern sources. In Mongolian chronicles this period is also known as "The Forty and the Four", meaning forty tumen eastern Mongols (Eastern Mongolia) and four tumen Western Mongols.Common name of this period in Mongolian historiography is "Period of political disunion" and Mongolian historians don't use the term "Northern Yuan", "Northern Yuan period and "Post-imperial Mongolia".
Dayan Khan and Mandukhai Khatun reunited the entire Mongol nation in the 15th century. However, the former's distribution of his empire among his sons and relatives as fiefs caused the decentralization of the imperial rule. Despite this decentralization there was a remarkable concord within the Dayan Khanid aristocracy and intra-Chinggisid civil war remained unknown until the reign of Ligden Khan (1604–34).
The last sixty years of this period are marked by intensive penetration of Tibetan Buddhism into Mongolian society.
History.
Retreating to Mongolia (1368–1388).
The Mongols under Khubilai khagan (r. 1260–94) of the Mongol Empire (1206–1368), a grandson of Genghis Khan (r. 1206–27), had conquered all of China by eliminating the Southern Song Dynasty in 1276 and destroyed the last Chinese resistance in 1279. The Mongol Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368) ruled all of China for about a century. However, the Mongols dominated North China for more than 140 years, starting from the time when the Jurchen Jin Dynasty was annihilated. Nevertheless, when the Han Chinese people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters such as droughts, floods and the ensuing famines since the late 1340s, and the government's lack of effective policy led to a loss of the support from people. In 1351, the Red Turban Rebellion started and grew into a nationwide turmoil. Eventually, Zhu Yuanzhang, a Chinese peasant established the Ming Dynasty in South China, and sent an army toward the Yuan capital Dadu (present-day Beijing) in 1368. Toghan Temür (r. 1333–70), the last ruler of the Yuan, fled north to Shangdu (located in present-day Inner Mongolia) from Dadu in 1368 after the approach of the forces of the Míng Dynasty (1368–1644). He had tried to regain Dadu, but eventually failed; he died in Yingchang (located in present-day Inner Mongolia) two years later (1370). Yingchang was seized by the Ming shortly after his death.
The Yuan remnants retreated to Mongolia after the fall of Yingchang to the Ming Dynasty in 1370, where the name Great Yuan was formally carried on, known as the Northern Yuan. The Northern Yuan rulers also buttressed their claim on China, and held tenaciously to the title of Emperor (or Great Khan) of the Great Yuan (Dai Yuwan Khaan, or 大元可汗) to resist the Ming who had by this time become the real ruler of China.
The Ming army pursued the Northern Yuan forces into Mongolia in 1372, but were defeated by the latter under Ayushridar (r. 1370–78) and his general Köke Temür (d. 1375). In 1375, Nahacu, a Mongol official of Biligtu Khan (Ayushridara) in Liaoyang province invaded Liaodong with aims of restoring the Mongols to power. Although he continued to hold southern Manchuria, Nahacu finally surrendered to the Ming Dynasty in 1387–88 after a successful diplomacy of the latter. The Yuan loyalists under Kublaid prince Basalawarmi (the Prince of Liang) in Yunnan and Guizhou were also destroyed by the Ming in 1381-82.
The Ming tried again towards Northern Yuan in 1380, ultimately winning a decisive victory over Northern Yuan forces around the Buir Lake region in 1388. About 70,000 Mongols were taken prisoner and the Mongol capital Karakorum was sacked and destroyed. It effectively destroyed the power of the Khaan's Mongols for a long time, and allowed the Western Mongols to become supreme.
Field gun and hand cannon were used by the Northern Yuan army.
Rise of the Oirats (1388–1478).
In 1388, the Northern Yuan throne was taken over by Yesüder, a descendant of Arik Böke (Tolui's son), instead of the descendants of Kublai Khan. After the death of his master Togus Temur (r. 1378–88), Gunashiri, a descendant of Chagatai Khan, founded his own small state called Qara Del in Hami. The following century saw a succession of Chinggisid rulers, many of whom were mere figureheads put on the throne by those warlords who happened to be the most powerful. From the end of the 14th century there appear designations such as "period of small kings" ("Бага хаадын үе") for this period in modern historiography. On one side stood the Oirats (or Western Mongols) in the west against the Eastern Mongols. While the Oirats drew their side to the descendants of Arik Boke and other princes, Arugtai of the Asud supported the old Yuan khans. Another force was the House of Ogedei who briefly attempted to reunite the Mongols under their rule.
The Mongols split into three main groups: western Mongols, the Mongol groups under the Uriankhai in northeast, and the Eastern Mongols between the two. The Uriankhai and some Borjigin princes surrendered to the Ming Dynasty in the 1390s. The Ming divided them into Three Guards: Doyin, Tai'nin and Fuyu.
Periods of conflict with the Ming Dynasty intermingled with periods of peaceful relations with border trade. In 1402, Örüg Temür Khan (Guilichi) abolished the name Great Yuan; he was however defeated by Öljei Temür Khan (Bunyashiri, r. 1403–12), the protege of Tamerlane (d. 1405) in 1403. Most of the Mongol noblemen under Arugtai chingsang sided with Oljei Temur. Under Yongle (r. 1402–24) the Ming Dynasty intervened aggressively against any overly powerful leader, exacerbating the Mongol-Oirat conflict. In 1409 Oljei Temur and Arugtai crushed a Ming army, so that Yongle personally attacked the two on the Kherlen River. After the death of Oljei Temur, the Oirats under their leader Bahamu (Mahmud) (d. 1417) enthroned an Arik-Bokid, Delbeg Khan in 1412. Although, the Ming encouraged the Oirats to fight against the Eastern Mongols, they withdrew their support when the Oirats became powerful. After 1417 Arugtai became dominant again, and Yongle campaigned against him in 1422 and 1423. Bahamu's successor Toghan pushed Arugtai east of the Greater Khingan range in 1433. The Oirats killed him in the west of Baotou the next year. Arugtai's ally Adai Khan (r. 1425–38) made a last stand in Ejene before he was murdered too.
Toghan died in the very year of his victory over Adai. His son Esen (r. 1438–54) brought the Oirats to the height of their power. Under his Chinggisid puppet khans, he drove back the Moghulistan monarchs and crushed the Three Guards, Qara Del and the Jurchen. In 1449 he captured the Ming Emperor Zhengtong, bringing about a wholescale collapse of the Ming northern defence line. Esen and his father ruled as taishis of Chinggisid khans but after executing the rebellious khan Tayisung (r. 1433–53) and his brother Agbarjin in 1453, Esen took the title khan himself. He was, however, soon overthrown by his chingsang Alag. His death broke up the role of the Oirats until they revived in the early 17th century.
From Esen's death to 1481 different warlords of the Kharchin, the Belguteids and Ordos fought over succession and had their Chinggisid Khans enthroned. The Mongolian chroniclers call some of them the Uyghurs and they might have some ties with the Hami oasis. During his reign, Manduulun Khan (1475–78) effectively won over most of the Mongol warlords before he died in 1478.
Restoration (1479–1600).
Second reunion.
Manduul's (Manduulun) young khatun Mandukhai proclaimed a boy named Batumongke. The new khan, as a descendant of Genghis Khan, took the title "Dayan" meaning the "Great", with reference to the Yuan Dynasty. Mandukhai and Dayan Khan overthrew Oirat supremacy. At first the new rulers operated with the taishi system. The taishis mostly ruled the Yellow River Mongols. However, one of them killed Dayan Khan's son and revolted when Dayan Khan appointed his son, jinong Ulusbold, over them. Dayan Khan finally defeated the southwestern Mongols in 1510 with the assistance of his allies, Unebolad wang and the Four Oirats. Making his another son jinong, he abolished old-Yuan court titles of taishi, chingsang, pingchan and chiyuan.
The Ming Dynasty closed border-trade and killed his envoys. Dayan invaded China and subjugated the Three Guards, tributaries of the Ming. The Oirats assisted his campaign in China.
Administrative divisions.
Batmunkh Dayan Khaan reorganized the Eastern Mongols into 6 tümens (literally "ten thousand") as follows.
They functioned both as military units and as tribal administrative bodies who hoped to receive taijis, descended from Dayan Khan. Northern Khalkha people and Uriyankhan were attached to the South Khalkha of eastern Inner Mongolia and Doyin Uriyangkhan of the Three Guards, respectively. After the rebellion of the northern Uriankhai people, they were conquered in 1538 and mostly annexed by the northern Khalkha. However, his decision to divide the Six tumens to his sons, or taijis, and local tabunangs-sons in law of the taijis created a decentralized system of Borjigin rule that secured domestic peace and outward expansion for a century. Despite this decentralization there was a remarkable concord within the Dayan Khanid aristocracy.
Last reunion.
By 1540 new regional circles of Chingisid taijis and local tabunangs (imperial son-in law) of the taijis emerged in all the former Dayan Khanid domains. The Khagan and the jinong (crown prince) had titular authority over the three right wing tumens. Darayisung Gödeng Khan/Daraisun Guden khagan (r. 1547–57) had to grant titles of khans to his cousins Altan, ruling the Tumed and Bayaskhul, ruling the Kharchin. The decentralized peace among the Mongols was based on religious and cultural unity created by Chinggisid cults.
A series of smallpox epidemics and lack of trade forced the Mongols to repeatedly plunder the districts of China. In 1571 the Ming opened trade with the 3 Right Wing Tumens. The large-scale conversion to Buddhism in the Three Right Wing Tumens from 1575 on, built on the amity of the Chinggisids. Tümen Jasagtu Khan appointed a Tibetan Buddhist chaplain of the Karma-pa order. In 1580 northern Khalkha proclaimed their leading Dayan Khanid prince, Abtai Khan, khan. Representatives from all Mongols, including Oirats, constituted the court of Tümen Jasagtu Khan who had conquered Koko Nur and codified a new law.
By the end of the 16th century, the Three Guards lost their existence as a distinct group. Their Fuyu was absorbed by the Khorchin after they had moved to the Nonni River. Two other, Doyin and Tai'nin, were absorbed by the Five Khalkhas.
Disunion of Mongolia (1600–1636).
In the 17th century, the Mongols came under the influence of the Manchus, who founded the Later Jin Dynasty (Qing Dynasty). The princes of Khorchin, Jarud and southern Khalkha Mongols made a formal alliance with the Manchus from 1612 to 1624. Resenting this suborning of his subjects, Ligdan Khan, the last Khagan in Chahar, unsuccessfully attacked them in 1625. He appointed his officials over the tumens and formed an elite military band to coerce opposition. The massive rebellion broke out in 1628. The Chahar under Ligden defeated their combined armies and the Manchu auxiliary at Zhaocheng but fled a large Manchu punitive expedition. Only Tsogt Taiji (1581–1637) supported the Great Khan whilst other nobles of the northern Khalkha remained neutral and inactive. Ligden died on his way to Tibet to punish the dGe-lugs-pa order in 1634. His son, Ejei Khan, surrendered to the Manchus and was said to give the seal of the Yuan Khagan to Qing emperor Huang Taiji the next year (February 1635), ending the Northern Yuan.
After the death of Dayan Khan most of Mongolia came under the rule of descendents of his youngest son, Gersendze Huangtaizi (Gersenz huntaij). By the early 17th century these formed four Khanates, from west to east:
In the north, from 1583, Russian adventurers gained control of the forest tribes of Siberia but did not attempt to interfere with the numerous and warlike peoples south of the forests. They had some dealings with the Altan Khan who is said to have introduced them to Chinese tea.
To the east, in 1582–1626, Nurhaci unified the tribes of Manchuria. His son, Huang Taiji (1626–1643) consolidated the new state and incorporated parts of Inner Mongolia. At his death Dorgon became regent for his 6-year-old son and was in charge when the Manchus took Beijing and founded the Qing Dynasty (1644).
To the west in Dzungaria, about 1600–1620 the Oirats or Western Mongols became united under Khara Khula and formed the Zunghar Khanate.This unification was partly driven by their wars with the Altan Khans.
Struggle against foreign invasions (1636-1688).
In 1662 the Altan Khan attacked and put to death his eastern neighbor. This caused the senior Tushetu Khan to drive him out, but he was restored with Zunghar and Qing support. In 1682 he was captured by the next Dzashgtu Khan and his Khanate disappeared from history. The loss of the westernmost Khalkha Khanate opened the way for the Zunghars. In 1672 Galdan became Khan of the Zunghars. After conquering the northern Tarim Basin from Kashgar to Hami he began to dream of uniting the Mongols and restoring the realm of Genghis Khan.
Decline (1688-1691).
Galdan allied with the Dzasagtu Khan against the Tushetu Khan, who in turn attacked the Dzashgtu Khan (who drowned while trying to escape) and then invaded Dzungar territory where he killed one of Galdan's brothers. Galdan responded (1688) by annihilating the Tushetu Khan's army near the Tarim River and plundering the tombs at Karakoram. The Tushetu Khan and the other Khalkha leaders fled to Hohhot at the northeast corner of the Ordos Loop and begged for Qing help. By 1690 Galdan controlled the whole Khalkha country as far as the edge of Manchuria and turned south toward Beijing. This direct threat to the Qing led the Kangxi Emperor (Enh-Amgalan khaan-in Mongolian) to block Galdan who withdrew to the northwest in late 1690. In May 1691 the Emperor held a Kurultai at Dolon Nor (Dolonnuur) where the Khalkha chiefs declared themselves vassals of the Qing Emperors. In 1695 Galdan moved east again. The Emperor sent a massive army and defeated him near Ulan Bator (at Jao Modo or Zuunmod on June 12, 1696). Galdan fled with a few followers and later died. Outer Mongolia was thus incorporated into the Qing Empire, and the Khalkha leaders returned to Outer Mongolia as Qing vassals. A Qing garrison was installed at Ulaanbaatar. The Qing forces occupied Hami but did not advance into Zungharia.Oirats later expanded into Tibet and Kazakhstan and they tried to liberate all Mongols.

</doc>
<doc id="20640290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640290" title="Hiroaki Sato (footballer)">
Hiroaki Sato (footballer)


</doc>
<doc id="20640338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640338" title="M138 bomblet">
M138 bomblet

The M138 bomblet was a sub-munition of the U.S. chemical weapon, the M43 BZ cluster bomb. The bomblet contained BZ, an incapacitating agent and was developed with the M43 in 1962. The M138s, along with all other U.S. BZ weapons were destroyed during the 1980s.
History.
The U.S. Army Chemical Corps began mass-production of the chemical M43 BZ cluster bomb in March 1962. The M43 was designed to utilize the M138 bomblet. The M138, like its parent cluster bomb and all BZ munitions, were stored at Pine Bluff Arsenal in Arkansas. Between 1988 and 1989 all U.S. BZ munitions, including the M138 bomblets were demilitarized and destroyed.
Specifications.
The M138 bomblet had the largest continuous diameter of any chemical bomblet in the U.S. arsenal, a full 72 millimeters (mm). The M138 also possessed the thickest steel walls of U.S. bomblets, about 3 mm. The M43 cluster bomb was designed to hold 57 M138s, arranged in three stacks of 19 bomblets. Each bomblet held about 6 ounces of the incapacitating agent BZ, also known as 3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate. The bomblets themselves were composed of M7 canisters which held a 50/50 mixture of pyrotechnic and agent (pyromix). 
Each bomblet was a thin-walled cylinder that held an M150A2 "all-ways" acting impact fuze with an M308 delay element. The M138 became armed immediately upon separating from the M43 cluster bomb and its M30 cluster adapter. When the bomblet impacted the ground it ignited the fuze, and, after a short delay, the pyromix was ignited.
Tests involving the M138.
The M138 was the subject of various tests, including those to determine its effectiveness and its detonability as demilitarization plans for BZ weapons ramped up during the 1980s. Tests undertaken at Pine Bluff Arsenal in 1981 showed that the M138 was a non-detonable item. Because of these test results it was determined that any demilitarization plant need not include provisions for the containment of accidental detonation of the M138. Regardless, an Army report issued on the results of the testing emphasized that extreme care must be exercised in order to prevent accidental detonation of the M138 bomblets as they were destroyed.
Other testing of the M138 was carried out by the U.S. Army's Deseret Test Center under the auspices of Project 112. These tests, known collectively as "Tall Timber" were carried out from April through June 1966 at the Waiakea Forest Reserve near Hilo, Hawaii. The purpose of the Tall Timber tests was to determine the effectiveness of BZ-filled M138 bomblets in a tropical forest environment. The tests used statically ignited M138 bomblets containing live BZ incapacitating agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20640342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640342" title="Weiquan movement">
Weiquan movement

The Weiquan movement is a non-centralized group of lawyers, legal experts, and intellectuals in China who seek to protect and defend the civil rights of the citizenry through litigation and legal activism. The movement, which began in the early 2000s, has organized demonstrations, sought reform via the legal system and media, defended victims of human rights abuses, and written appeal letters, despite opposition from Communist Party authorities. Among the issues adopted by Weiquan lawyers are property and housing rights, protection for AIDS victims, environmental damage, religious freedom, freedom of speech and the press, and defending the rights of other lawyers facing disbarment or imprisonment.
Individuals involved in the Weiquan movement have met with occasionally harsh reprisals from Chinese officials, including disbarment, detention, harassment, and, in extreme instances, torture. Authorities have also responded to the movement with the launch of an education campaign on the "socialist concept of rule of law," which reasserts the role of the Communist Party and the primacy of political considerations in the legal profession, and with the Three Supremes, which entrenches the supremacy of the Communist Party in the judicial process.
Background.
Since the legal reforms of the late 1970s and 1980s, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has moved to embrace the language of the rule of law and establish a modern court system. In the process, it has enacted thousands of new laws and regulations, and begun training more legal professionals. The concept of "rule of law" was enshrined in the constitution, and the CCP embarked on campaigns to publicize the idea that citizens have protection under the law. At the same time, however, a fundamental contradiction exists in the implementation of rule of law wherein the CCP insists that its authority supersedes that of the law; the constitution enshrines rule of law, but also emphasizes the principle of the "leadership of the Communist Party." The judiciary is not independent, and is therefore subject to politicization and control by the Communist Party. This has produced a system that is often described as "rule by law," rather than rule of law.
Because judicial decisions are subject to the sometimes arbitrary assessments of the CCP, citizens who attempt to make use of the legal system to pursue grievances find that, if their cause is determined to have the potential to undermine the authority of the Communist Party, they may be suppressed. Defendants who find themselves facing criminal charges, such as for conducting activism or for their religious beliefs, often have few means of pursuing an effective defense.
The Weiquan movement coalesced in the early 2000s in response to these inherent contradictions and the arbitrary exercise of legal authority in China, though its roots could be traced to the consumer protection movement that began in the 1990s. The movement is informal, and can be understood as including lawyers and legal activists who advocate for civil rights and defend the interests of citizens against corporations, government or Communist Party organs. Fu Hualing and Richard Cullen note that Weiquan lawyers "are generally always on the side of the weaker party: (migrant) workers v. employers in labor disputes; peasants in cases involving taxation, persons contesting environmental pollution, land appropriation, and village committee elections; journalists facing government censorship; defendants subject to criminal prosecution; and ordinary citizens who are discriminated against by government policies and actions."
The emergence of the Weiquan movement was made possible by a confluence of factors, including a market for their services, and an emerging rights consciousness. It was also facilitated by the 1996 "Lawyers Law," which changed the definition of lawyers from "state legal workers" to professionals holding a legal certificate who perform legal services. The law effectively delinked lawyers from the state, and gave lawyers greater (though still limited) autonomy within the profession.
Weiquan lawyers tend to be especially critical of the lack of judicial independence in China. Rather than challenging particular laws, they frame their work as being in keeping with Chinese laws, and describe their activities as a means of defending and upholding the Constitution against abuses. As such, Weiquan lawyering has been described as a form of Rightful resistance.
Weiquan lawyers.
Weiquan Lawyers (), or “rights protection” lawyers, refer to a small but influential movement of lawyers, legal practitioners, scholars and activists who help Chinese citizens to assert their constitutional, civil rights and/or public interest through litigation and legal activism. In the context of a rising number of lawyers in China, the proportion of Weiquan lawyers is very small Weiquan Lawyers face considerable personal, financial and professional risks.
Notable Weiquan Lawyers include He Weifang, Xu Zhiyong, Teng Biao, Guo Feixiong and Chen Guangcheng, Gao Zhisheng, Zheng Enchong, and Li Heping. Many barefoot lawyers are peasants who teach themselves enough law to file civil complaints, engage in litigation, and educate fellow citizens about their rights. Some Weiquan lawyers are the pragmatists and some are more radical.
Major fields.
Freedom of expression.
Although freedom of speech is enshrined in Article 35 of the Constitution of the People’s Republic of China, Chinese authorities enforce restrictions on political and religious expression. Such restrictions are sometimes in accordance with Article 105 of the criminal code, which contains vague and broadly defined provisions against "inciting subversion of state power". Weiquan lawyers, along with international human rights organizations, have argued that the provisions against subversion are inconsistent both with China’s own constitution and with international human rights standards, particularly in light of the lack of transparency and clear guidelines used in applying the laws.
Several Weiquan lawyers have been involved in litigation and other forms of advocacy to defend the rights to free expression for individuals charged with the crime of subversion. Notable cases include that of Liu Xiaobo, a prominent Beijing intellectual sentenced to 11 years in prison for inciting subversion in December 2009. Chengdu activist Tan Zuoren was sentenced to five years for inciting subversion for publishing writings on the 1989 Tiananmen Square Massacre, advocating for the families of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake victims, and accepting interviews from the Falun Gong-affiliated Sound of Hope radio. His lawyers were reportedly barred from entering the courtroom. In October 2009, intellectual Guo Quan was sentenced to 10 years in prison for publishing “reactionary” articles online.
Weiquan lawyers have also challenged the application of state secret laws, which are sometimes used to prosecute individuals who disseminate information on politically sensitive issues. In November 2009, for instance, lawyers were involved in arguing for Huang Qi, a Sichuan activist who had advocated online for the parents of Sichuan earthquake victims. Huang was sentenced to three years in prison for possession of state secrets.
Judicial independence.
The Chinese Constitution enshrines rule of law, but simultaneously emphasizes the principle of the "leadership of the Communist Party." The legal profession itself is subordinate to the authority of the Communist Party; the Ministry of Justice, not the bar associations, is responsible for issuing and renewing lawyers' licenses. Weiquan lawyers have argued that this structure precludes the emergence of genuine rule of law, and in some cases have advocated for reforms to advance judicial independence and the protection of legal professionals.
In late August 2008, a collection of several dozen Beijing lawyers signed a petition stating that the Beijing Bar Association leaders should be elected by the organization's members, rather than being appointed. The petition letter stated that selection process in place for the Association's directors is inconsistent with official guidelines and the Chinese constitution, and should be replaced with a democratic voting process. The Beijing Bar Association responded to the campaign by asserting that "Any individual who uses text messages, the web or other media to privately promote and disseminate the concept of direct elections, express controversial opinions, thereby spreading rumors within the Beijing Bar Association, confuse and poison people's minds, and convince people of circumstances that do not exist regarding the so-called 'Call For Direct Elections For the Beijing Bar Association' is illegal." The following year, the Beijing Bureau of Justice refused to renew the licenses of 53 Beijing Weiquan lawyers, all of whom had signed the petition for elections to the Bar Association.
Land rights.
Under Chinese property law, there is no privately held land; “urban land” is owned by the state, which grants land rights for a set number of years. Rural, or “collectively owned land,” is leased by the state for periods of 30 years, and is theoretically reserved for agricultural purposes, housing and services for farmers.
Forced evictions are forbidden under International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, which China has ratified. Under China’s constitution and other property laws, expropriation of urban land is permitted only if it is for the purpose of supporting the “public interest,” and those being evicted are supposed to receive compensation, resettlement, and protection of one’s living conditions. The “public interest” is not defined, however, and abuses are common in the expropriation process, with many citizens complaining of receiving little or no compensation.
Forced evictions with little or no compensation occur frequently in both urban and rural China, with even fewer legal protections for rural citizens. Collectively owned rural land may be "reallocated" at the discretion of authorities, and in many regions local governments collude with private developers to reclassify rural land as urban land, which can then be sold. from the mid-1990s to mid-2000s, an estimated 40 million Chinese peasants were affected by land requisitions. Citizens who resist or protest the evictions have reportedly been subjected to harassment, beatings, or detention, and land-related grievances occasionally escalate into large-scale protests or riots.
Several Weiquan lawyers have advocated for the rights of individual citizens whose land and homes were taken with inadequate compensation, including Shanghai lawyer Zheng Enchong. Ni Yulan, a Beijing lawyer, was herself left homeless by forced eviction, and became an outspoken advocate for victims before being sentenced to two years in prison.
In 2007, a 54-year-old farmer in Heilongjiang Yang Chunlin published numerous articles on human rights and land rights, and helped to organise a petition entitled: "We want human rights, not the Olympics." The petition reportedly collected over ten thousand signatures. Yang was put to trial, and sentenced to five years in prison, where he has allegedly been tortured. Li Fangping was hired to defend him, but was denied access to his client.
Defense of ethnic minorities.
Several Weiquan lawyers, including Teng Biao, Jiang Tianyong, and Li Fangping, offered legal aid to Tibetans in the wake of the March 2008 Tibetan protests. The protests resulted in the imprisonment of at least 670 Tibetans, and the execution of at least four individuals. Chinese government sources asserted that the unrest and violence in Tibet had been masterminded by the Dalai Lama and executed by his followers for the purpose of fomenting unrest and disrupting the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. The Open Constitution Initiative (OCI), operated by several Weiquan lawyers and intellectuals, issued a paper in May 2009 challenging the official narrative, and suggesting that the protests were instead a response to economic inequities, Han Chinese migration, and religious sentiments. The OCI recommended that Chinese authorities better respect and protect the rights and interests of the Tibetan people, including religious freedom, and pursue the reduction of economic inequality and official corruption.
Tibetan Filmmaker Dhondup Wangcheng was sentenced to six years in prison for making a documentary on human rights in Tibet in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics. Two lawyers who sought to represent him, Chang Boyang and Li Dunyong, faced threats and harassment for their advocacy.
In July 2010, a group of Chinese activists including Teng Biao co-signed a letter to the Chinese leadership to protest the 15-year prison sentence that had been meted out to Uighur journalist Halaite Niyaze. Niyaze was not permitted to have a lawyer at his trial, where he was charged with "endangering state security." According to reports, Niyaze was being charged because he had criticized the Chinese government in an interview with a Hong Kong news agency for not doing enough to prevent the July 2009 Ürümqi riots.
Falun Gong.
Falun Gong, a spiritual qigong discipline that once claimed tens of million adherents in China, was banned in July 1999 under the leadership of the Communist Party, and a campaign was launched to suppress the group. In an attempt to have Falun Gong adherents renounce their belief in the practice, they are subject to state-sanctioned, systematic violence in custody, sometimes resulting in death. Some sources indicate hundreds of thousands may have been detained in reeducation-through-labor camps for practicing Falun Gong and/or resisting persecution.
In November 1999, the Supreme People’s Court offered a judicial interpretation of article 300 of the criminal code, stating that Falun Gong should be regarded as a "“xie jiao",” or evil religion. Large numbers were subsequently sentenced to long prison terms, often under article 300, in what are typically very short trials without the presence of a lawyer. In 2009 alone, the Falun Dafa Information Center reported that several hundred Falun Gong adherents have been sentenced to prison terms of up to 18 years. Human rights groups, including Amnesty International, note that the application of the law to persecute Falun Gong adherents contravenes both China’s own constitution and international standards. Several Weiquan lawyers have argued similarly while defending Falun Gong adherents who face criminal or administrative sentencing for their beliefs. Laywers who have defended Falun Gong include Guo Guoting, Zhang Kai and Li Chunfu, Wang Yonghang,Tang Jitian and Liu Wei, among others.
In addition to litigation work, Weiquan lawyers like Gao Zhisheng have also advocated publicly and in the media for human rights for Falun Gong. In 2004 and 2005, Gao wrote a series of letters to China’s top leadership detailing accounts of torture and sexual abuse against Falun Gong practitioners, and calling for an end to the persecution of the group. In response, Gao lost his legal license, was put under house arrest, detained, and was reportedly tortured.
HIV/AIDS.
Some Weiquan lawyers have advocated for the rights of HIV/AIDS victims who contracted the virus as a result of state-sponsored blood drives. In the 1990s, government officials in central China, and especially in Henan province, encouraged rural citizens to sell blood plasma in order to supplement their incomes. Gross mismanagement of the process resulted in hundreds of thousands of individuals being infected with HIV. According to activists, victims have not been compensated, and no government officials were held accountable. Authorities continue to suppress information about the epidemic, which is particularly sensitive in light of the involvement of Li Changchun, the Communist Party Propaganda head and formerly Party chief in Henan.
Hu Jia is arguably the most well known advocate for HIV/AIDS victims, having served as the executive director of the Beijing Aizhixing Institute of Health Education and as one of the founders of the non-governmental organization Loving Source.
Women's rights.
Chen Guangcheng, a blind self-taught Weiquan lawyer, rose to prominence for defending victims of China's one-child policy. First implemented in 1979, the one-child policy mandates that couples may only have one child, though there are exceptions for some rural citizens, ethnic minorities, and couples who were themselves only children. Though Chinese laws condemn harsh enforcement measures, Chinese authorities and family planning staff have been accused of carrying out coercive, late-term forced abortions, sterilization, incarceration and torture to enforce the policy. In 2005, Chen Guangcheng filed a class action case against family planning officials in Linyi, Shandong, who were accused of subjecting thousands of women to sterilization or forced abortions.
Underground Christians.
China's constitution guarantees freedom of religion, yet also provides a caveat specifying that only "normal" religious activities are permitted. In practice, religious freedom is granted only within the strictly prescribed parameters of the five officially sanctioned "patriotic" religious associations of Buddhism, Taoism, Islam, Protestantism and Catholicism. Groups falling outside the state-administered religions, including "underground" or "house church" Christians, are subject to varying degrees of repression and persecution.
Although there are no definitive figures on the number of underground Christians in China, some estimates have put their total number in excess of 70 million. At least 40 Catholic bishops operate independent of official sanction, and some are under surveillance, house arrest, detention, or have disappeared. Several leaders and members of underground Protestant churches have also been detained and sentenced to reeducation through labor or prison terms. Violent raids and demolitions have been carried out on underground churches, sometimes resulting in injury to congregants inside. Chinese officials have labelled several underground Protestant churches as a "xie jiao", or "evil religion", thus providing a pretext for harsher punishment of members.
Several prominent Weiquan lawyers themselves identify with the underground Protestant movement, and have sought to defend church members and leaders facing imprisonment. These include Zhang Kai, Li Heping, and Gao Zhisheng. Former house church leader Bob Fu's US-based organization "ChinaAid" has sponsored legal cases, and provided "rule-of-law training" and legal help for distressed clients in China.
Other initiatives.
A number of specific events have attracted the help and attention of Weiquan activists. In the March 2008 earthquake in Sichuan province, shoddy school construction resulted in the collapse of several schools full of students. A number of Weiquan lawyers, including Tan Zuoren, were involved in advocating for the rights of parents, and in investigating allegations that corrupt officials were responsible for the poor construction. Parents and lawyers met with reprisals from Chinese officials for their activism.
Later the same year, it was revealed that large quantities of infant formula had been tainted with melamine, causing 300,000 infants to fall ill and resulting in several deaths. A group of parents of the victims were reportedly detained for attempting to draw media attention to their plight. Dozens of lawyers—particularly from the provinces of Hebei, Henan and Shandong—offered pro-bono legal services to victims, but their efforts were obstructed by authorities.
Individual human rights cases, such as the Deng Yujiao incident and the death of Qian Yunhui, have also drawn help from rights defenders such as Wu Gan.
In 2003, a group of legal scholars, including Teng Biao and Xu Zhiyong, formed the Open Constitution Initiative () to advocate for greater rule of law. The organization was involved in the Sun Zhigang case, and has advocated for petitioners, labor rights, freedom of expression, HIV/AIDS victims, Tibetans, land rights, and protection of public health, among other issues.
Government response.
Retrenchment on rule of law.
In response to the emergence of the Weiquan movement, which often makes use of the official language about "rule of law" to justify its work, in April 2006 a political campaign was launched to solidify the Communist Party's leadership over judicial work, combat the idea of greater independence for judges and lawyers, and educate people and judicial authorities about the "socialist concept of rule of law." The campaign was announced by Luo Gan, then the head of the Party Central Committee's Political and Legislative Affairs Committee. Luo urged that in order to protect political stability, "forceful measures" be adopted "against those who, under the pretext of rights-protection (weiquan), carry out sabotage." The launch of the campaign coincided with a crackdown on Weiquan lawyers.
Shortly after the campaign's launch, Party Committees provided instruction to judges reminding them of the political goals that their work must uphold. According to one document issued to judges in Zhejiang province and quoted by Human Rights Watch, "Recently, some judges have started to believe that to be a judge you just have to strictly apply the law in a case. In fact, this kind of concept is erroneous [...] all the legal formulations have a clear political background and direction [...] We must stamp out the kind of narrow viewpoint that thinks that you can also do court work by having judicial independence."
During a December 2007 conference on political-legal work, CCP General Secretary Hu Jintao articulated the theory of the "Three Supremes," which emphasized again that legal work should regard as supreme the concerns and interests of the Communist Party. In March 2008, Wang Shengjun was confirmed as the new head of the Supreme People's Court. Wang, who has no formal legal training himself, abandoned the efforts of his predecessors to improve judicial competence, training, and autonomy, and instead placed primary importance on the ideological implications of the "Three Supremes" theory and upholding the leadership of the Communist Party.
In 2010, China's Ministry of Justice issued two new regulations intended to "strengthen the supervision and management of lawyers and law firms". According to the Associated Press, the new regulations would serve to "allow authorities to punish lawyers ... for actions such as talking to the media or even causing 'traffic troubles.'"
In March 2012, China's Ministry of Justice issued a new directive requiring lawyers first obtaining their license or renewing an existing license to swear an oath of loyalty to the Communist Party. According to the Ministry's website, a section of oath includes the following: “I swear to faithfully fulfill the sacred mission of legal workers in socialism with Chinese characteristics. I swear my loyalty to the motherland, to the people, to uphold the leadership of the Communist Party of China and the socialist system, and to protect the dignity of the Constitution and laws." 
Suppression of lawyers and coercive measures.
Weiquan lawyers have faced various challenges to their work from the Chinese government, including disbarment or suspension, violence, threats, surveillance, arbitrary detention, and prosecution. This is particularly true for lawyers who take up politically sensitive cases. Reports of harassment, intimidation, and violence against Weiquan lawyers increased in 2006 following the launch of the campaign to promote the "socialist concept of the rule of law." Authorities have refused to renew the licenses of several dozen Weiquan lawyers, and several have effectively been banned for life from the legal profession. In 2009, for instance, at least 17 Weiquan lawyers were not permitted to renew their legal licenses after taking on politically sensitive cases. Several Weiquan lawyers have themselves been sentenced to prison in response to their activism. A selection of notable instances of suppression are listed here:
International response.
Although there is relatively little awareness of the Weiquan phenomenon as a movement outside of China, Western governments and human rights organizations have consistently expressed concern over the treatment of individual Weiquan lawyers in China, some of whom have faced disbarment, imprisonment, prolonged disappearance, sentencing and alleged torture for their work in promoting civil rights and speaking out against one-party rule. In October 2010, a bipartisan group of 29 members of the U.S. House of Representatives pressed President Obama to raise the cases of Liu Xiaobo and Gao Zhisheng with the Chinese leadership, writing of Gao Zhizheng's prolonged detention: "If lawyers are hauled away for the "crime" of defending their clients, then even the pretense of rule of law in China has failed." The U.S. State Department claims to have raised the cases of these two individuals with their Chinese counterparts.
In 2008, Hu Jia was awarded the Sakharov Prize by the European Parliament recognizing his human rights advocacy. The same year, Hu and Gao Zhisheng received nominations for the Nobel Peace Prize, and were considered to be favorites for the award. Two years later, seven members of the U.S. House of Representatives nominated imprisoned lawyers Gao Zhisheng and Chen Guangcheng, along with fellow dissident Liu Xiaobo for the prize. The letter noted that these individuals have sought to "raise the Chinese people’s awareness of their dignity and rights, and to call their government to govern within its constitution, its laws, and the international human rights agreements it has signed," and thereby made a significant contribution to peace. The Nobel Prize Committee awarded the honor to Liu in absentia in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20640360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640360" title="Italo-Yemeni Treaty">
Italo-Yemeni Treaty

The Italo-Yemeni Treaty of 1926 (also known as the Treaty of San'a) was a treaty between the Kingdom of Italy and Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen.
Background.
The Red Sea was of strategic importance to the United Kingdom due to both trade and as a route for its navy to pass through in order to reach India among other places. South of Yemen was the British Colony of Aden and Aden Protectorate which were at considerable risk of anti-colonialist rebellions. Italy had colonies of its own in the region: Eritrea and Somaliland, both of low profitability. There was considerable belief that increased ties with Yemen would fuel increased trade with the colonies and bring the region under the Italian sphere. The Yemeni Kingdom at this point had its eye on annexing Aden and, with the advent of Imam Yahya, also had aspirations for a Greater Yemen.
The Treaty.
In September 1926 the Treaty was signed and was described as a friendship treaty. The treaty recognized Yahya as King of Yemen and his claims to Aden. It was renewed on October 15, 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20640378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640378" title="Pueblo Community College">
Pueblo Community College

Pueblo Community College (PCC) is a two-year institution of higher learning located in Pueblo, Colorado. 
History.
"Pueblo Community College" (PCC) traces its history to the founding of Southern Colorado Junior College (SCJC) in 1933. In 1937 SCJC became part of the Pueblo County Junior College District, and was renamed Pueblo Junior College. In 1961 the college district was dissolved by the General Assembly and the Junior College became the four-year Southern Colorado State College (SCSC). In the 1970s, SCSC opened a branch institution, the College for Community Services and Career Education, that in 1978 was re-organized by the General Assembly into a separate entity and renamed in 1979 to Pueblo Vocational Community College under the Colorado Community College System. In 1982 it was renamed to Pueblo Community College.
Mike Davis.
In 2006, college president Mike Davis was confirmed to have died in a plane crash while traveling to Pueblo's branch campus in Durango, Colorado. He had been a college president for five years and previously had served as an administrator at Vincennes University.
Student Body.
As of 2010 the college has an enrollment of 6,592 students spread over four campuses in the Pueblo region. The college was accredited by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools in 1979.
Early College.
In 2006, Pueblo Community College opened its doors to high school students from Dolores Huerta Preparatory High School and other local Pueblo area high schools. The Early College Program (ECP) allows high school students to enroll in collegiate level coursework at nearly no cost to the student. PCC confers degrees awarded to high school students every year. In 2013, PCC awarded degrees to over 30 high school students. 
Pueblo Community College Health Clinic.
In 2008, PCC opened a new health clinic for its students to provide low-cost basic health services to its students. PCC also opened a new student cafeteria named Pueblo Joe's as part of President Garvin's "vision of a college that's more comfortable for students and a resource for the entire community.". 

</doc>
<doc id="20640379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640379" title="Tiger and buffaloes">
Tiger and buffaloes

Tiger and buffaloes is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Myanmar (Burma). It belongs to the hunt game family. The board is a 4x4 square grid, where pieces are played on the intersection points. It is one of the smallest hunt games. Three tigers are going up against eleven buffaloes. The tigers attempt to capture as many of the buffaloes by the short leap method as in draughts. The buffaloes attempt to hem in the tigers. 
The game cannot be classified with any of the other hunt games: Tiger games, Leopard games, Fox games, etc. Despite the word "Tiger" in the title, Tiger and buffaloes is not a tiger game since it does not use an Alquerque board. An Alquerque board is a 5x5 square grid with diagonal lines. Tiger and buffaloes is a 4x4 square grid with no diagonal lines. Tiger and buffaloes may form a subfamily of its own under the hunt game family. 
Another name for the game is Tiger game.
Goal.
The tigers win if they capture enough buffaloes such that the buffaloes can no longer effectively hem them in.
The buffaloes win if they hem in the tigers.
Equipment.
A 4x4 square grid is used. There are 3 tiger pieces colored black, and 11 buffalo pieces colored white.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide who will play the Tigers, and who will play the Buffaloes.
2. The board is empty in the beginning. The first stage of the game is the Drop phase. Buffaloes and Tigers alternate their turns. The Buffaloes move first. Four buffaloes are placed on any vacant points on the board. Then the Tiger player places one tiger on any vacant point. Then the Buffalo player places four more of its pieces on any vacant points. Then the Tiger player places another tiger piece onto any vacant point. Then the Buffalo player places its last three buffaloes on any vacant point. Lastly, the Tiger player places its last tiger onto any vacant point.
3. The next stage is the Movement phase. The Buffaloes move first. Players alternate their turns moving one of their own pieces in a turn. Both tigers and buffaloes can move (in any direction) along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent point. There are only orthogonal lines on the board, and therefore all moves are orthogonal (right, left, forward, backward). However, the tiger instead can capture an adjacent buffalo. The tiger leaps over the adjacent buffalo, and lands on a vacant point immediately beyond. The leap must be in a straight line, and follow the pattern on the board. The captured buffalo is removed from the board. It is uncertain if multiple leaps and captures are allowed. It is also uncertain if captures are compulsory, but in all other hunt games, captures are never compulsory.

</doc>
<doc id="20640403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640403" title="Joseph Lynch (Irish politician)">
Joseph Lynch (Irish politician)

Joseph P. Lynch (died 1954) was an Irish politician. He was elected unopposed as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) to the 2nd Dáil at the 1921 elections for the Leix–Offaly constituency. He supported the Anglo-Irish Treaty and voted in favour of it. He stood as a pro-Treaty Sinn Féin candidate at the 1922 general election but was not elected.

</doc>
<doc id="20640415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640415" title="Kakuichi Mimura">
Kakuichi Mimura


</doc>
<doc id="20640429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640429" title="Seventeen Evergreen">
Seventeen Evergreen

Seventeen Evergreen is a San Francisco based duo, composed of Caleb Pate and Nephi Evans, which stylistically weaves psychedelic rock with electronic experimentation. They record on their own Pacific Radio Fire imprint and license material to UK label, Lucky Number Music—also home to Sebastien Tellier. "Life Embarrasses Me On Planet Earth", their debut album, was released in the U.S. in 2005. Lucky Number Music released a remixed version in 2007 and distributed it in Europe and Japan.
The band has garnered a following in Europe and has appeared on Rob Da Bank's BBC Radio 1 show, and on BBC 6 Music. They played at the 2007 End Of The Road Festival in Dorset, England.
Discography.
Singles.
DVD/Visual

</doc>
<doc id="20640444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640444" title="Bangkok gubernatorial election, 2009">
Bangkok gubernatorial election, 2009

The ninth gubernatorial election for the city of Bangkok, Thailand was held on the 11 January 2009. The election came about after the resignation of Apirak Kosayothin on the 13 November 2008, the incumbent who was only just re-elected a little more than a month (on 5 October 2008). the resignation stemmed from an indictment by the National Counter Corruption Commission or NCCC, in which Apirak was indicted for the controversial 6.6 billion Baht fire-engine procurement contract. The former Prime Minister and former Bangkok Governor Samak Sundaravej was also found guilty in the same verdict. On the 13 November Apirak in front of television cameras announced his resignation saying: ""Like the Democrat Party, I support a move that will perpetuate politics-for-people"" at the same time maintaining his innocence and stating that his resignation should become an example of a change in Thai politics, his resignation triggered an automatic by-election. By the end of the 11 January 2009, Sukhumband was declared the winner of the race, becoming the 15th Governor of Bangkok.
Campaign.
On the 1 December, the Election Commission allowed the registration of candidates. A total of 14 candidates registered. In accordance with the law, they picked numbers by which they would be assigned for the campaign. The three highest profile candidates were: MR Sukhumbhand Paripatra, ML Nattakorn Devakula and Yuranun Pamornmontri. 
MR Sukhumbhand Paripatra, the 56 year old candidate of the Democrat Party, is a former Foreign Minister. MR Sukhumband vowed to carry on with policies initiated by Governor Apirak and to continue the environmentalist agenda. He ran under the slogan: "Bring back Bangkokians' smiles".
ML Nattakorn Devakula, a 32 year old Independent candidate, was a former TV host, popularly known as "Khun Pluem". He ran on the slogan: "Vote for me. Vote for the governor of the future".
Yuranun Pamornmontri, the 45 year old Puea Thai Party candidate, is a popular TV actor and film star.
Media.
Election posters of the Candidates:
Polling and results.
The election and results were announced on the same day:

</doc>
<doc id="20640450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640450" title="Spinning drop method">
Spinning drop method

The spinning drop method (rotating drop method) is one of the methods used to measure interfacial tension. Measurements are carried out in a rotating horizontal tube which contains a dense fluid. A drop of a less dense liquid or a gas bubble is placed inside the fluid. Since the rotation of the horizontal tube creates a centrifugal force towards the tube walls, the liquid drop will start to deform into an elongated shape; this elongation stops when the interfacial tension and centrifugal forces are balanced. The surface tension between the two liquids (for bubbles: between the fluid and the gas) can then be derived from the shape of the drop at this equilibrium point. A device used for such measurements is called a “spinning drop tensiometer”.
The spinning drop method is usually preferred for the accurate measurements of surface tensions below 10−2 mN/m. It refers to either using the fluids with low interfacial tension or working at very high angular velocities. This method is widely used in many different applications such as measuring the interfacial tension of polymer blends and copolymers.
Theory.
An approximate theory was developed by Bernard Vonnegut, in 1942, to measure the surface tension of the fluids, which is based on the principle that the interfacial tension and centrifugal forces are balanced at mechanical equilibrium. This theory assumes that the droplet's length L is much greater than its radius R, so that it may be approximated as a straight circular cylinder.
The relation between the surface tension and angular velocity of a droplet can be obtained in different ways. One of them involves considering the total mechanical energy of the droplet as the summation of its kinetic energy and its surface energy:
The kinetic energy of a cylinder of length L and radius R rotating about its central axis is given by
in which
is the moment of inertia of a cylinder rotating about its central axis and "ω" is its angular velocity. 
The surface energy of the droplet is given by
in which V is the constant volume of the droplet and "σ" is the interfacial tension. 
Then the total mechanical energy of the droplet is
in which Δ"ρ" is the difference between the densities of the droplet and of the surrounding fluid.
At mechanical equilibrium, the mechanical energy is minimized, and thus
Substituting in 
for a cylinder and then solving this relation for interfacial tension yields
This equation is known as Vonnegut’s expression. Interfacial tension of any liquid that gives a shape very close to a cylinder at steady state, can be estimated using this equation. The straight cylindrical shape will always develop for sufficiently high ω; this typically happens for "L"/"R" > 4. Once this shape has developed, further increasing ω will decrease "R" while increasing "L" keeping "LR2" fixed to meet conservation of volume.
New developments after 1942.
The full mathematical analysis on the shape of spinning drops was done by Princen and others. Progress in numerical algorithms and available computing resources turned solving the non linear implicit parameter equations to a pretty much 'common' task, which has been tackled by various authors and companies. The results are proving the Vonnegut restriction is no longer valid for the spinning drop method.
Comparison with other methods.
Spinning drop method facilitates the measurement of surface tension compared to other widely used methods. Because in this method, measuring the contact angle is not required between a solid surface and the liquid. Another advantage of the method is that, it is not necessary to estimate the curvature at the interface, which usually brings difficulties with taking the first and second derivatives describing the shape of the fluid drop.
On the other hand, this theory suggested by Vonnegut, is restricted with the rotational velocity. Spinning drop method is not expected to give accurate results for the high surface tension measurements, since the centrifugal force that is required to maintain a cylindrical shape of the drop is much higher in the case of liquids that has high interfacial tensions.

</doc>
<doc id="20640451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640451" title="Electoral district of East Devon">
Electoral district of East Devon

The Electoral district of East Devon, sometimes referred to as Devon East, was an electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based on Tasmania's north coast in the town of Devonport and the surrounding rural area.
The seat was created as a single-member seat ahead of the 1871 state election following the abolition of the Devon seat. In 1886, it became a two-member seat, and at the 1897 election, it was abolished and split into the electorates of Devonport and Latrobe.

</doc>
<doc id="20640456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640456" title="Joseph Lynch">
Joseph Lynch

Joseph Lynch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20640470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640470" title="Natan Spigel">
Natan Spigel

Natan Spigel (also: Nathan, Szpigiel/Spiegel/Szpigel) (1886–1942) was a Jewish artist painter born in Poland. Spigel was a key member of the influential Expressionist group, Jung Idysz. He showed throughout Europe until his internment in Radomsko ghetto in 1939. Natan was murdered in Treblinka in 1942, and only about 20 of his works survived World War II.
Life and Artistic Career.
Natan Spigel was born into an orthodox Jewish family in Lodz, now in Poland, in 1886 (or 1900). He studied art as a young man and then in 1920 traveled to Rome on sponsorship, where he continued his studies with Henryk Glicenstein. His first major success, in Paris, was the invitation to show in the 1924 Salon d'Automne, although his first public exhibition was in Lodz in 1921. He was invited to exhibit in London at the Ben Uri Gallery in 1930 and also, at a joint exhibition with Jacob Epstein. In Poland Natan Spigel was regularly exhibiting his work, with shows in Lodz, Cracow and Warsaw (1921, 1928 & 1937). 
Spigel considered himself a Jewish painter, and his painting reflected this focus, depicting scenes of Jewish life in Poland, as well as portraits and still-life, in both watercolours and oils. A particularly distinctive feature of some of his watercolours was his use of varnish to give age and contrast. Spigel was a key member of the Expressionist group, Jung Idysz. He was also a member of ‘Start’, a group of mainly Jewish, Lodz artists, who exhibited across Poland throughout the 20’s and 30’s. By the 1930s his work was in collections in Poland, London, and Israel. 
Shortly after the German invasion of Poland, in 1939, Natan Spigel, together with his family, was interned in the Radomsko ghetto. He continued to paint during this time. He perished in the extermination camp, Treblinka, in 1942.
Today Natan Spigel’s work can be seen in public collections in Tel Aviv, London, Lublin, and Ein Harod. Only about 20 of his paintings are definitely known to have survived.

</doc>
<doc id="20640472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640472" title="Breginj">
Breginj

Breginj (locally "Brgin" and "Bәrgin", , ) is a village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Name.
Breginj was first attested in written sources in 1170 as "Vergia" and "Vergin" (and in 1275 as "Bergona"). The modern Slovene name "Breginj" is based on the local name "Brgin". This was borrowed from the Romance name "Bergona", which is of unknown origin.
History.
Until the 18th century, Breginj was part of the Republic of Venice, and it is still considered part of the historical region known as Venetian Slovenia. Breginj was a comune of the Province of Gorizia (as Bergogna), except during the period between 1924 and 1927, when the Province of Gorizia was abolished and annexed to the Province of Udine during Italian rule (1918–1943, nominally lasting until 1947).
1976 earthquake and aftermath.
Most of the village was demolished by the 1976 Friuli earthquake, with only the Church of Saint Nicholas and a couple of buildings remaining standing. Breginj was the settlement in Slovenia most damaged by the earthquake and a new settlement of prefabricated houses was erected for its residents. Media reports at the time on the failure to preserve cultural heritage in the village were censored by Slovenia's communist government. One of the few remaining houses, a complex of three-story stone houses intertwined with corridors, has been declared an architectural and ethnological monument and houses a small museum.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Breginj include:

</doc>
<doc id="20640497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640497" title="Armand Fabella">
Armand Fabella

Armand V. Fabella (1930 – 27 November 2008) was a Filipino businessman and educator. He served as Secretary of Education from 1992 to 1994. 
Fabella was born in Paris, France to Filipino parents. His father, Vicente K. Fabella, was the founder of Jose Rizal College. He earned a degree in economics from Harvard University and a Masters in Economics from Jose Rizal College, and also pursued post-graduate studies at the London School of Economics. In 1962, he was named as among the Ten Outstanding Young Men of the Philippines. 
Fabella was named to various positions in the government of President Diosdado Macapagal, including as Assistant Executive Secretary. He also served in the administration of President Ferdinand Marcos. During the administration of President Fidel Ramos, he served as Secretary of Education from 1992 to 1994. Ramos awarded him the Presidential Medal of Merit in 1998. Fabella also worked as a consultant for the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, the World Bank, and the Asian Development Bank.
In the private sector, Fabella served on the board of directors of several corporations, including the Philippine Commercial and Industrial Bank, the United Coconut Planters Bank and the Knowledge Channel. He was the chairman of the board of the Private Education Retirement Annuity Association. He also served as chairman of the board of directors of the family-owned Jose Rizal University, and was chairman emeritus at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20640498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640498" title="Electoral district of West Hobart">
Electoral district of West Hobart

The Electoral district of West Hobart, sometimes referred to as Hobart West, was an electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in Tasmania's capital city, Hobart.
The seat was created as a single-member seat ahead of the 1871 state election following the dissolution of the multi-member Hobart Town seat. In 1886, it became a two-member seat, and at the 1897 election, it was abolished when the seat of Hobart was created under a trial of the Hare-Clark model.
The seat was then recreated as a single-member seat at the 1903 state election and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model for the entire state in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20640503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640503" title="Rainbow Alley">
Rainbow Alley

Rainbow Alley is a drop-in center for GLBTQ young people in Denver, Colorado. It is administered by the Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Community Center of Colorado and provides health services, counseling and referral, youth-lead events and activities to young people aged 12 to 21.
History.
The center was founded on June 4, 1998. Its mission was to provide support and facilities for GLBTQ young people, their families and their allies in an environment free from discrimination, hate, drugs, tobacco and alcohol. The center describes its belief in empowerment, teamwork and respecting individuality to achieve its mission.
Facilities.
The center has a medical clinic, computer lab, library, kitchen, dance floor, games facilities, and open hang-out space. 
The center offers resources on employment and training, education, housing, health, drugs, and safe sex. Staff and trained volunteers at the center consult on family conflict, dating relationships and independent living.
Programs.
Support and Discussion Groups.
Discussion groups administered by the center address drug and alcohol use, HIV and AIDS, coming out, suicide prevention, personal safety, and difficulties at school.
Speaker's Bureau.
Center users can volunteer for training to speak in schools, churches and professional agencies about their experience as GLBT youth.
Annual Events.
Youth, staff and volunteers at Rainbow Alley run two annual events, Gaybutante Ball (a coming out ritual borrowed from the debutante ball tradition) and Queer Prom (allowing members to attend a prom with their choice of date, without fear of harassment or discrimination).
Activities.
The center offers a weekly dinner, movie nights, art activities, talent shows, open mic nights, dances, drag shows and outings to events including baseball games and the theater.
Membership and management.
All Rainbow Alley activities are created and run by youth participants, supervised by and in partnership with trained adults, who in turn train youth leaders in peer-based support.
Center users can become members on completion of two classes on GLBTQ terminology, homophobia, and myths and assumptions about the GLBTQ community. Membership status allows users to volunteer at the center and to participate in monthly field trips, quarterly sleep-over/lock-ins, and an annual camping trip.
Youth Leadership Council.
The center's monthly calendar of events, activities and fundraisers is designed by the Youth Leadership Council (YLC), a group of Rainbow Alley Members who wish to become leaders at the center and in the greater GLBTQ community. The YLC serves also as the center's Justice Council, dealing with incidents of rule-breaking at the center. YLC members are trained to participate in Speakers Bureau and in the center's Street Outreach Team.
Paid Peer Staff.
Volunteer youth staff at the center are responsible for greeting program participants, entering census data and maintaining the facility. Peer staff are trained to deliver education on safe sex, HIV prevention, and smoking avoidance.

</doc>
<doc id="20640511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640511" title="Karor Tehsil">
Karor Tehsil

Karor Lal Esan Tehsil (),is a subdivision (tehsil) of Layyah District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 14 Union Councils, one of which form the tehsil capital Karor Lal Esan.

</doc>
<doc id="20640517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640517" title="German submarine U-3506">
German submarine U-3506

German submarine "U-3506" was a Type XXI U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The "Elektroboote" submarine was laid down on 14 July 1944 at the Schichau-Werke yard at Danzig, launched on 28 August 1944, and commissioned on 16 October 1944 under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Gerhard Thäter.
Service history.
"U-3506" undertook no war patrols, with no ships sunk or damaged, remaining as a training vessel for the duration of the war. "U-3506" was one of three Type XXI boats (along with and ) that were scuttled in the Elbe II U-boat bunker. The bunker has since been filled in with gravel, although even that did not initially deter many souvenir hunters who measured the position of open hatches and dug down to them to allow the removal of artifacts. The boat now lies beneath a car park and she and the other wrecks are completely inaccessible. The site is located in the Free Port of Hamburg and in order to access it one must present a passport.

</doc>
<doc id="20640538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640538" title="The Annual">
The Annual

The Annual is a series of compilation albums currently published annually by London-based electronic dance music brand Ministry of Sound. Described as Ministry of Sound's "flagship" series, the popular albums feature house, big beat and trance tracks popular in nightclubs, especially those in the United Kingdom.
History.
From 1995-1999, the individual releases of The Annual were denoted by roman numerals, from The Annual to The Annual IV. In 1999, the series' titling was reorganized and all following albums were named by year, beginning with The Annual 1999 - Millennium Edition. Starting in 2001, the album was named for the year following the Autumn release date instead of the year of release, thus there is no album assigned to 2001 (aside from the Spring 2001 Annual). After the "Clubbers Guide To ... 2001" (Mixed By Tall Paul) Ministry of Sound decided not to use big name DJs but to use lesser-known DJs that mix digitally, and not credit who the mixer is on the front cover. This has since been denied once, where CJ Mackintosh, Jazzy M and Marc Hughes mixed "Fifteen Years" in 2006, and several times since then such as on "Live & Remastered" (though the mixes on this box set were mixed in the 1990s). The "Sessions" series still continues to be mixed by a DJ.
As the series became more popular in the early 2000s, similar (though not identical) albums of the same name were licensed to Ultra Records in the United States, Ministry of Sound subsidiary labels in Australia and Germany, and Universal Music in many countries worldwide, including Italy, Mexico, Argentina, Portugal and the Philippines. These albums share many tracks with the (original) UK releases, though they are mixed in a different order and replace some songs with more local songs in the track listing.
The Australian Annuals in particular are held in much higher regard than the UK Annuals, as much more local and underground tracks are used and are always mixed by well known and underground DJ's. Every Annual since the "The 2002 Annual" have been chart toppers and go either Gold or Platinum and stay on the ARIA Compilation charts and Australian iTunes charts for months on end.
"The Annual II" remains one of the biggest selling compilation albums of all time in the UK, including quite possibly the biggest selling DJ mix album in the UK.
Spin-offs.
"The Ibiza Annual" series began in a large selling #1 album in August 1998, as mixed by Pete Tong and Boy George. As the title suggests it contains songs big in Ibizan DJ sets. The 1999 edition, despite criticism that it didn't make full usage of the songs available, was well received as was the 2000 edition. Editions starting from 2001 were mixed digitally.
Seasonal editions began in 2001, starting with "Spring 2001" (the first digitally mixed Annual). A chillout annual was also released at the end of 2001, "The Chillout Annual 2002". The 1997 album "Dance Nation 3" was also promoted as the follow-up to "The Annual II".
Series overview.
Note: These refer to the albums released in the UK under the Ministry of Sound label, and not any of the alternate releases from other countries or labels.
Australian albums.
Note: These albums from "The Summer Annual - Summer 2000" to "The 2008 Annual" were distributed by EMI Music Group Australasia Pty Ltd. "The Annual 2009" onwards are distributed by Universal Music Australia Pty Ltd under exclusive license from Ministry of Sound Australia Pty Ltd & Ministry of Sound Recordings Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="20640542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640542" title="Takashi Takabayashi">
Takashi Takabayashi

Takabayashi played for the Japan national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20640573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640573" title="Electoral district of George Town">
Electoral district of George Town

The Electoral district of George Town was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of George Town in Tasmania's Tamar Valley region north of Launceston.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20640589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640589" title="2010 in New Zealand">
2010 in New Zealand

Incumbents.
Government.
2010 was the second full year of the 49th Parliament.
Awards.
New Zealander of the year.
The inaugural awards take place.
Sports.
Rowing.
The 2010 World Rowing Championships were held at Lake Karapiro, near Hamilton, New Zealand between 29 October – 7 November.
Soccer.
At the 2010 FIFA World Cup finals in South Africa, New Zealand finish third in their pool after achieving three draws: 1-1 vs Slovakia, 1-1 vs Italy and 0-0 vs Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="20640617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640617" title="When the Flood Comes">
When the Flood Comes

When the Flood Comes is the second album by Australian blues/roots band, The Audreys. The album was released 18 April 2008 on Kybosh Records and distributed by Universal Music.
The album debuted in the Top 20 on the ARIA Album Charts (the first time that the band has a release that has charted) and went on to win the 2008 ARIA award for 'Best Blues & Roots Album' 
In an interview Goddall explained that the majority of the album had been written in New York.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Taasha Coates and Tristan Goodall, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20640621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640621" title="Dunleith, Delaware">
Dunleith, Delaware

Dunleith is a suburb of Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware. It was built in the early 1950s, and was the first housing development marketed for African-Americans in Delaware. In 1990, the population was 2,600.
Geography.
Dunleith is located at (39.708724, -75.555479). It is 2 miles (3.2 km) south of Wilmington and the Delaware Memorial Bridge is 2 miles (3.2 km) SE.
History.
The community was named after the Rogers and Du Pont family's estate, "Dunleith Mansion". In 1949 (Housing Act of 1949), Delaware Community Homes bought the approximately , and the homes were constructed by housing developer Leon Weiner. Many World War II veterans, blue-collar workers, and teachers became homeowners for the first time. The streets were named after prominent African-Americans such as Jackie Robinson, Ralph Bunche and George Washington Carver. Subsequently two churches were built; Coleman Memorial Methodist Church on Anderson Drive and Community Presbyterian Church on Rogers Road. The Dunleith Community School was founded in 1956.
Notes.
Surratte Park on Bethune Drive is named for John Surratte Sr., who was coach of the Dunleith Community School baseball team in the late 1960s.
An annual Dunleith Day is celebrated in Surratte Park every August.
A Homecoming Festival is also celebrated annually the day after Thanksgiving, since 1983.
References.
http://www.wdel.com/story.php?id=38573476600

</doc>
<doc id="20640627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640627" title="Megumi Kobayashi">
Megumi Kobayashi


</doc>
<doc id="20640637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640637" title="Marc Guylaine">
Marc Guylaine

Marc Guylaine was a Canadian herring seiner built in 1969, along with its two sister ships, the "Lady Dorianne" and "Lady Audette". After its two sister ships both mysteriously sank in the Acadian peninsula, drowning nine men, and the only two other ships built to the same specifications met identical fates, the "Marc Guylaine" became the subject of great fear that it would meet a similar end. 
The government eventually agreed to purchase the "cursed" ship from its captain, and subsequently renamed it and moved it out of Atlantic Canada, selling it to a fishing corporation on the Pacific Coast where it remains in service today as the "Freeport".
Construction.
In 1969, Saint John Shipbuilding built three identical 126-tonne fishing trawlers named the "Lady Audette II", the "Marc Guylaine II" and the "Lady Dorianne II". The original engineering records for the Dorianne and Audette were obtained by the "Marine Museum of the Great Lakes at Kingston" for their records-collection.
The "Marc Guylaine" was sold to Gélas Haché, and the "Lady Audette" was sold to A. Chaisson.
Sinkings.
On November 23, 1970, the "Lady Dorianne" departed from Havre-Aubert en route to Shippagan following a storm. It was alternatively reported as having five or six men aboard, including the captain Sylvio Noël, when it disappeared off the coast of Miscou Island. Everybody aboard was presumed killed, although the ship and bodies were never found. In December, the Ministry of Transportation was urged to not give up its search for the ship, since the previous sinkings of two identical ships were still unexplained and it was hoped that the wreckage might provide a clue to its fate. It was never found, although searches turned up an uninflated life raft from the ship.
On April 23, 1971 the "Lady Audette" radioed the trawler "Apollo III", addressing its captain Roméo Michon: "Roméo, come quickly to us, we are sinking." The "Lady Audette" is believed to have inexplicably sunk near the Rochers aux Oiseaux off Magdalen Islands, and could not be found. Three men drowned but, unlike the sinking of her sister ship, there were also four or five survivors. Two years later, the wreckage was discovered.
Aftermath.
In May 1971, an anxious Acadian fishing population demanded a public hearing into the safety of the "Marc Guylaine", and 400 people met at the Saint-Raphaël community centre where an "action group" was commissioned to study the issue. Ultimately the last of the sister ships was found to be unseaworthy. 
Federal official Bernard M. Deschênes was appointed as Commission Counsel to study both the Audette and Dorianne sinkings. In 1973, the Canadian Coast Guard released its report entitled "In the Matter of a Formal Investigation Into the Circumstances Attending the Loss of the M.F.V. "Lady Dorianne II" and the M.F.V. "Lady Audette II" in the Gulf of St. Lawrence on Nov. 23, 1970 and Apr. 22, 1971 Resp."
Haché, the captain of the "Marc Guylaine", subsequently found he could not hire any local fishermen to man his ship, and petitioned the provincial Ministry of Fisheries to offset his financial losses incurred. The resulting battle took a year to wind its way through bureaucracy, as civil servants ruled that the "Marc Guylaine" was perfectly seaworthy. In May 1972, at the urging of the local population to consider Haché an "innocent victim", the Ministry agreed to purchase the boat from him. 
Rather than scrap the ship, the ministry simply renamed the vessel to "Jean Marc IV" and re-sold it within the year. It was renamed the "F/V Freeport" in 1974, and registered in Vancouver on the Pacific coast three years later.
In 1992, it was one of two Pacific vessels to cooperate with the Simon Fraser University research study "Decision Dynamics at Sea: An Application of Foraging Theory to the Study of Fishing Effort".
In 2005, it was cited by Sitka, Alaska authorities for failing to have an Automatic Identification System aboard.
It remains in use today, registered through 2009, by the "Kanata Fishing Company" in Prince Rupert, British Columbia.
In media.
For several years, the legend of the "cursed" ships became a regular report in the media. In 1973, Stompin' Tom Connors wrote "The Curse of the Marc Guylain", referring to the three sister ships as "three floating coffins on the sea".
The "Lady Dorianne" was also the subject of a song entitled "The Tempest" in 2005.
In 2008, Lighthouse Productions contracted filmmaker Paul-Émile d'Entremont to film a documentary seeking the wreckage of the "Lady Dorianne", which was theorised to be sitting 240 feet beneath sea level, as the only known shipwreck in the area. The film is scheduled for completion in late 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20640640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640640" title="Thạch Bảo Khanh">
Thạch Bảo Khanh

Thạch Bảo Khanh (born on April 25, 1979) is a Vietnamese footballer who played for Hà Nội T&T F.C.. He is a member of Vietnam national football team since 2002. He is best known for his performance at 2004 Tiger Cup even though Vietnam was relegated from the group-stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20640663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640663" title="Villains (Wolfgang album)">
Villains (Wolfgang album)

Villains is the sixth full-length studio album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang.

</doc>
<doc id="20640668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640668" title="Miren Castle">
Miren Castle

Miren Castle (, also known as ' 'castle' and ' 'Our Lady beneath the Karst'; or "") is an elevation above the settlement of Miren near Nova Gorica, in southwest Slovenia. Its Slovene name reflects the fact that the hill was once occupied by a castle; it is currently dominated by a collection of ecclesiastical buildings.
Castle building.
The origins of Miren Castle are unknown. It is thought to have been erected by the knights Tosi on the foundations of a Roman castrum, and to have borne the name "Monte Grado".
Taken by rebelling peasants during the great revolt of 1515, it was burned and destroyed. Some remnants of its walls remain visible near the present-day church and monastery.
Our Lady of Sorrows Church.
Over the centuries, a series of churches have occupied the site. The first recorded was the Church of Our Lady, built in 1488, rebuilt in 1753, and destroyed on 30 May 1914. Between 1700 and 1756, Grad was inhabited by hermits. The summit of Grad is now dominated by a monastic church dedicated to Our Lady of Sorrows (). It was built in 1886, and was completely destroyed and rebuilt during and after each World War. In 1958, its interior was decorated with frescoes by Tone Kralj. The entrance gate bears the inscription "Ite in domum Matris Vestræ" 'Go into the house of your mother'. It is still a pilgrimage destination.
Other.
The path to Miren Castle features Stations of the Cross designed by the architect Ivan Vurnik in 1931. By the last station there stands the architecturally unique Chapel of the Scala Sancta, (), the floor of which is made of 28 stepped platforms. It was blessed in 1757 by the Gorizia archbishop Karl Michael von Attems.

</doc>
<doc id="20640685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640685" title="Public Security Work Bulletin">
Public Security Work Bulletin

Public Security Work Bulletin (公安工作简报) was a highly classified serial produced by the Ministry of Public Security of the People’s Republic of China during the disastrous Great Leap Forward, 1958-1961. 
Appearing on average every five days, it was one important source through which information about the true state of affairs in the country reached a small circle of senior decision makers. Issues varied in thickness from 2 to 12 pages, and a typical print run is estimated to have been no more than a 300 copies altogether. It began to appear in late 1958 and ceased publication at the end of August 1962. Its contents sometimes amounted to executive summaries (produced by the Ministry of Public Security General Office) of longer reports from provincial and municipal Public Security Bureaus. Especially in the first half 1962, it served as the channel through which condensed versions of central task-force investigations into lower-level irregularities and corruption etc. were distributed to those with a ”need to know” such matters. The "Public Security Work Bulletin" was also for a time the regular channel through which national monthly, quarterly and annual incarceration, crime, and accident statistics were circulated by the ministry. Such sensitive statistical data was regularly redacted from articles and reports appearing in less highly classified ministerial sister-publications such as Public Security Construction and People's Public Security. 
There is no mention of "Public Security Work Bulletin" in known secondary sources. The above is based on a study of surviving copies of the "Bulletin" itself. 

</doc>
<doc id="20640690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640690" title="Electoral district of Glamorgan">
Electoral district of Glamorgan

The Electoral district of Glamorgan was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based around the town of Swansea in eastern Tasmania, and included Bicheno, Little Swanport and the Freycinet Peninsula. After 1886, the seat extended as far south as Triabunna and Buckland, which had previously been in neighbouring Sorell.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished at the 1903 election, when it was abolished and divided between Cambria to the north, and Sorell to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20640716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640716" title="Electoral district of Glenorchy">
Electoral district of Glenorchy

The Electoral district of Glenorchy was a single-member electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the northern suburbs of Tasmania's capital city, Hobart, and included New Town, Moonah and Glenorchy.
The seat was created ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856, and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20640764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640764" title="All I Could Do Was Cry">
All I Could Do Was Cry

"All I Could Do Was Cry" is a doo-wop/rhythm and blues single recorded in 1960 and released that same year by singer Etta James and was written for James by Chess songwriter Billy Davis, Berry Gordy and his sister Gwen Gordy. The song was said to be inspired by James' former boyfriend Harvey Fuqua ironically dating Davis' former girlfriend, who was Gwen. Gordy and Fuqua later married the same year the song was recorded, which likely added to the tension in James' bluesy vocals. The song eventually peaked at number-two on the R&B charts and number thirty-three on the pop charts. James would later re-record the song in the early nineties. Beyoncé Knowles later covered the song while filming her role as James in the 2008 film, "Cadillac Records".

</doc>
<doc id="20640788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640788" title="Red-Greens (Sweden)">
Red-Greens (Sweden)

The Red-Greens () was a coalition of red-green political parties in Sweden, publicly launched on 7 December 2008, largely based on the Norwegian ruling Red-Green Coalition. It consisted of the three parties in the Riksdag (Parliament of Sweden), sitting in opposition to the Alliance coalition government. The parties, which faced the voters as three separate parties in the 2010 general election, aimed to reach agreement on significant areas of policy before the election. The parties aimed to achieve a majority at the following Swedish general election on 19 September 2010, in the unsuccessful bid to form a coalition government. The Red-Green pact was put to a pause on 26 October 2010, and completely dissolved (according to a spokesperson for the Green Party) on 26 November.
Parties.
The coalition consisted of three parties;
Background.
The Red-Greens took their cue from Alliance for Sweden, the co-operation between four centre-right parties which is considered to have contributed to these parties' success in the 2006 general election. The cooperation represented a significant development since the Social Democrats, especially the party leadership of Mona Sahlin, previously have been sceptical about too close a co-operation with the Left Party, which was officially communist until 1990. The Social Democratic minority government led by Göran Persson before the 2006 election had much closer cooperation with the Green Party than with the Left Party.
In October 2008 a deeper co-operation between the Social Democrats and the Green Party was announced, and a common shadow budget for 2009 was presented. In December 2008, the Left Party was included in the co-operation and the Red-Greens was launched.
Outcomes.
The Social Democrats lost 5% in comparison with 2006 elections, thus scoring their worst result since 1914.
The Green Party made a significant transformation from the smallest elected party to the third largest party during the term, overtaking the Left Party, the Christian Democrats, the Liberals and even the Centre Party.
The Red-Green pact was put to a pause on 26 October 2010, and completely dissolved (according to a spokesperson for the Green Party) on 26 November.
Two political events are considered to have had a strong negative effect on public perception of the Red-Green coalition:
The coalition was planned to provide a sort of "division of labour" between parties in targeting the electorate. The Greens should have attracted young, environmentally aware, urbanites who would have traditionally voted centre-right; the Social Democrats would have retained their traditional electorate of middle-class voters.
Polls following the elections proved that the coalition had in effect more distortive than beneficial effects. The Greens mostly attracted previous Social Democrat voters, while not affecting centre-right electorate. The Social Democrats lost supports of Northern Sweden voters, scared that Green politics may affect their ways of life, and of urban middle-class voters, who could not agree with Left Party views on taxes, economy and foreign policy and still mistrusted it for its Communist past. The Social Democrats remained attractive only for voters depending on the provisions of the welfare states.

</doc>
<doc id="20640834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640834" title="Layyah Tehsil">
Layyah Tehsil

Layyah Tehsil (), is a subdivision (tehsil) of Layyah District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 23 Union Councils, three of which form the tehsil and district capital Layyah.
History.
The tehsil was created during the period of British rule, the population according to the 1891 census was 113,451, this had risen to 122,578 in 1901. At this time the tehsil was part of Mianwali District, at the time of the 1901 census it contained 2 towns - the capital Layyah (population 7,546) and Karor Lal Isa (population 3,243) as well as 118 villages. The land revenue and cesses in 1903-4 amounted to 1.6 lakhs. The tehsil was divided into the Thal and the Kacchi, the former a high sandy tract to the east and the latter a low-lying strip of country along the Indus. The tehsil was subsequently divided and Karor Tehsil now exists as a separate tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="20640854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640854" title="Conventionists (Mexico)">
Conventionists (Mexico)

The Conventionists were a faction led by Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata which grew in opposition to the Constitutionalists of Venustiano Carranza and Álvaro Obregón during the Mexican Revolution. It was named for the Convention of Aguascalientes of October to November 1914.
Obregón defeated the Conventionists at the Battle of Celaya in April 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20640855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640855" title="Jinzhou District">
Jinzhou District

Jinzhou District () is one of the six districts of Dalian, Liaoning, China. It is located about northeast of the city centre and facing the Bohai Sea to the west and has a longer history than Dalian itself, and used to be a thriving walled city where the officials of this area were dispatched from the central government. Recently, it is again a thriving town, having Dalian Development Area within its area as well as becoming a bedtown to downtown Dalian.
History.
Before Russia leased Lüshun Naval Port and established Dalian as a commercial port in 1898, Jinzhou was the center of this region, a thriving walled town, to which the central government official was dispatched to rule this region.
Recently, it is again a thriving District, having Dalian Development Area within it as well as becoming a bedtown to downtown Dalian.
Geography.
Administrative Divisions.
There are 7 subdistricts, 10 towns, and 1 ethnic township within the district.
Subdistricts:
Towns:
The only township is Qidingshan Manchu Ethnic Township (七顶山满族民族乡)
Education.
Colleges and Universities
Other Special Schools
Sightseeing.
Dalian Development Area
Golden Pebble Beach (Jinshitan) Tourist Area
Eight Views of Old Jinzhou.
The Eight Views of Old Jinzhou are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20640868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640868" title="The Eventually Home">
The Eventually Home

The Eventually Home is the second release from Andy Hull's solo project, Right Away, Great Captain. The concept record conveys the journey of a 17th-century sailor who has been betrayed by his wife who has committed adultery with his own brother. In this second part of the planned trilogy, the sailor returns home in the song "Memories from a Shore" with the intention of killing both his wife and brother.

</doc>
<doc id="20640917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640917" title="Alternative medicine degrees">
Alternative medicine degrees

Alternative medicine degrees include academic degrees, first professional degrees, qualifications or diplomas issued by accredited and legally recognised academic institutions in alternative medicine or related area, either human or animal.

</doc>
<doc id="20640942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640942" title="Karashizuke">
Karashizuke

"Nasu Karashizuke" (eggplant pickled in mustard and sake lees) is a popular type of "karashizuke".

</doc>
<doc id="20640944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640944" title="Las Galeras, Samaná">
Las Galeras, Samaná

Las Galeras is a Dominican Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná province. It is on the east coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the "Rincón Bay" that is found between "Cabrón" and "Samaná" capes.
"Las Galeras", in English "The Galleys" (a galley was a war ship where prisoners and slaves were used to move the ship), because two galleys stayed here during the 16th Century.
Population.
In the last national census (2002), the population of Las Galeras is included with that of Santa Bárbara de Samaná.
Economy.
The most important economic activities of the province are agriculture, fishing and tourism.
Tourism.
The region is famous for its beautiful palm beaches. There is a beach at the seafront of Las Galeras itself, as well as a white sand beach, Playa "La Playita" within walking distance from the town. Boat tours to Rincon beach (Playa Rincón) are available from the Las Galeras jetty.

</doc>
<doc id="20640953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640953" title="Ex-communist">
Ex-communist

Ex-communist can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20640976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640976" title="Maximum bubble pressure method">
Maximum bubble pressure method

In physics, the maximum bubble pressure method, or in short bubble measure method, is a technique to measure the surface tension of a liquid, with surfactants.
__TOC__
Background.
When the liquid forms an interface with a gas phase, a molecule on the border has quite different physical properties due to the unbalance of attracting forces by the neighboring molecules. At the equilibrium state of the liquid, interior molecules are under the balanced forces with uniformly distributed adjacent molecules.
However, relatively fewer number of molecules in the gas phase above the interface than condensed liquid phase makes overall sum of forces applied to the surface molecule direct inside of the liquid and thus surface molecules tend to minimize their own surface area.
Such an inequality of molecular forces induces continuous movement of molecules from the inside to the surface, which means the surface molecules has extra energy, which is called surface free energy or potential energy, and such an energy acting on reduced unit area is defined as surface tension.
This is a frame work to interpret relevant phenomena which occurs surface or interface of materials and many methods to measure the surface tension has been developed.
Among the various ways to determine surface tension, Du Noüy ring method and Wilhelmy slide method are based on the separation of a solid object from the liquid surface, and Pendent drop method and Sessile drop or bubble method depend on the deformation of the spherical shape of a liquid drop.
Even though these methods are relatively simple and commonly used to determine the static surface tension, in case that the impurities are added to the liquid, measurement of surface tension based on the dynamic equilibrium should be applied since it takes more time to obtain a completely formed surface and this means that it is difficult to achieve the static equilibrium as a pure liquid does.
The most typical impurity to induce dynamic surface tension measurement is a surfactant molecule which has both of hydrophilic segment, generally called “head group” and hydrophobic segment, generally called “tail group” in a same molecule. Due to the characteristic molecular structure, surfactants migrate to the liquid surface bordering gas phase until an external force disperse the accumulated molecules from the interface or surface is fully occupied and thus cannot accommodate extra molecules. During this process, surface tension decrease as function of time and finally approach the equilibrium surface tension (σequilibrium). Such a process is illustrated in figure 1. (Image was reproduced from reference)
Maximum bubble pressure method.
One of the useful methods to determine the dynamic surface tension is measuring the “maximum bubble pressure method” or, simply, bubble pressure method.
Bubble pressure tensiometer produces gas bubbles (ex. air) at constant rate and blows them through a capillary which is submerged in the sample liquid and its radius is already known.
The pressure ("P") inside of the gas bubble continues to increase and the maximum value is obtained when the bubble has the completely hemispherical shape whose radius is exactly corresponding to the radius of the capillary.
Figure 2 shows each step of bubble formation and corresponding change of bubble radius and each step is described below. (Image was reproduced from reference)
A, B: A bubble appears on the end of the capillary. As the size increases, the radius of curvature of the bubble decreases.
C: At the point of the maximum bubble pressure, the bubble has a complete hemispherical shape whose radius is identical to the radius of the capillary denoted by Rcap. The surface tension can be determined using the Young–Laplace equation in the reduced form for spherical bubble shape within the liquid.
formula_1
D, E: After the maximum pressure, the pressure of the bubble decreases and the radius of the bubble increases until the bubble is detached from the end of a capillary and a new cycle begins. This is not relevant to determine the surface tension.
Currently developed and commercialized tensiometers monitors the pressure needed to form a bubble, the pressure difference between inside and outside the bubble, the radius of the bubble, and the surface tension of the sample are calculated in one time and a data acquisition is carried out via PC control.
Bubble pressure method is commonly used to measure the dynamic surface tension for the system containing surfactants or other impurities because it does not require contact angle measurement and has high accuracy even though the measurement is done rapidly. “Bubble pressure method” can be applied to measure the dynamic surface tension, particularly for the systems which contain surfactants. Moreover, this method is an appropriate technique to apply to biological fluids like serum because it does not require a large amount of liquid sample for the measurements.

</doc>
<doc id="20640980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640980" title="Morganella morganii">
Morganella morganii

Morganella morganii is a species of Gram-negative bacteria. "M. morganii" has a commensal relationship within the intestinal tracts of humans, mammals, and reptiles as normal flora. Although "M. morganii" has a wide distribution, it is considered an uncommon cause of community-acquired infection and it is most often encountered in postoperative and other nosocomial infections such as urinary tract infections.
Historical identification and systematics.
"Morganella morganii" was first described by a British bacteriologist H. de R. Morgan in 1906 as Morgan's bacillus. Morgan isolated the bacteria from stools of infants who were noted to have had "summer diarrhea". Later in 1919 Winslow et al., named Morgan's bacillus, "Bacillus morganii". However in 1936, Rauss renamed "B. morganii" as "Proteus morganii". Fulton in 1943, showed that "B. columbensis" and "P. morganii" were the same and defined the genus "Morganella", due to the DNA-DNA hybridization. Genus "Morganella" has two species "M. morganii" and "M.columbensis". However in 1962, a review article by Ewing reported that "M. columbensis" had been reidentified as "Escherichia coli", therefore removing that organism from the genus "Morganella".
Microbiology.
"Morganella morganii" is facultative anaerobic and oxidase-negative. "M.morganii" are colonies, that appear off-white and opaque in color, when grown on agar plate "M. morganii" are straight rods, about 0.6-0.7 µm in diameter and 1.0-1.7 µm in length. This organism moves by way of peritrichous flagella, but some strains do not form flagella at 30 °C.
"M. morganii" is catalase-positive (meaning it can produce the enzyme catalase), meaning it is able to convert hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) to water and oxygen. This is a common enzyme found in most living organisms. In addition "M. morganii", is indole test-positive representing this organism can split tryptophan to indole, pyruvate and ammonium. Methyl red tests positive in "M.morganii", indicator dye that turns red in acidic solutions. Although a rare human pathogen, "M. morganii" has been reported as a cause of urinary tract infections, nosocomial surgical wound infections, peritonitis, CNS infection, endophthalmitis, pneumonia, chorioamnionitis, neonatal sepsis, pyomyositis, necrotizing fasciitis, and arthritis. Numerous cases of nosocomial infection have been described, usually as postsurgical wound infections or urinary tract infections. Patients in whom bacteremia develops are typically immunocompromised, diabetic, or elderly or have at least one serious underlying disease.
Role of bacteria.
"Morganella morganii", is a member of the tribe Proteeae (normal fecal flora that often causes infection in patients whose normal flora have been disturbed by antibiotic therapy) of the family Enterobacteriaceae, with two subspecies: "M. morganii" and "M. sibonii". "Morganella morganii" has been regarded as a harmless opportunistic pathogen, however there are strains that carry "antibiotic-resistant plasmids" and have been associated with nosocomial outbreaks of infections. There have been several reports that "M. morganii" causes sepsis, ecthyma, endophthalmitis, chorioamnionitis, however more commonly urinary tract infections, soft tissue infections, septic arthritis, meningitis and bacteremia often with fatal consequences.
In a rare case published in 2003, a patient present with bilateral necrosis of both upper and lower eyelids. Upon microbial analysis the areas were shown to have heavy growth of "M. morganii".
Treatment and antibiotic resistance.
Treatment of "M. morganii" infections may include:
A study conducted at the University Hospital at Heraklion, Crete, Greece showed a 92% success rate in the use of these antibiotics.
However, there are "M. morganii" strains are resistant to penicillin, ampicillin/sulbactam, oxacillin, first-generation and second-generation cephalosporins, macrolides, lincosamides, fosfomycin, colistin, and polymyxin B. The emergence of highly resistant strains of "M. morganii" have been associated with use of third-generation cephalosporins.
Polymicrobial infections are most abundantly caused by this microbe which additionally damages the skin, soft tissues, and urogenital tract can be cured through use of the aforementioned antibiotics.

</doc>
<doc id="20640981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640981" title="Morganella">
Morganella

Morganella may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20640991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640991" title="Defense Industry Sector (Ethiopia)">
Defense Industry Sector (Ethiopia)

The Ethiopian Defense Industry sector is an office under the Ministry of Defense responsible for administering several defense industries. Its objective is to provide for and support the Ethiopian National Defense Force. 
History.
The manufacturing of weaponry in Ethiopia was started in the 18th century during the era of Emperor Tewodros. Historical records show Emperor Tewodros built a huge cannon called Sebastopol in 1868, in Gondar Province at a village named Gafat, and took it to the mountain of Maqdala. Later, under the reign of Emperor Menelik, an ammunition factory was established in 1911, which started producing cartridges for Wejigra and Wechefor rifles. 
The basis for modern defense industry was laid with the establishment of the then Emperor Haile Selassie ammunition factory in 1953 with the cooperation of the government of Czechoslovakia. Its objective was to locally manufacture ammunition for light weapons. In 1984, it was expanded with newer technology and more capacity. 
Due to the serious attention given towards building a strong defense industry, the Derg regime set out to build various defense factories with support from the former Soviet Union and other eastern block nations. In 1986, the government issued a directive to form a Defense Industry Commission reporting to the council of ministers which would be responsible for administration, production and strategic direction. Experts from the Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Industry and Ethiopian Management Institute were drawn to study the establishment of the commission. In 1991, the commission (renamed Basic Materials and Engineering Industry Commission) was administering four production facilities. 
While the number of military production facilities grew, the structure remained unchanged until 2004 when a new body Defense Industry Coordinating Office was created to administer all factories, including those under the National Defense Force. In 2007, the Defense Industry Coordinating Office was renamed Defense Industry Sector and put under the Ministry of National Defense. 
Organizations.
Currently, there are 8 organizations administered by DIS: 

</doc>
<doc id="20640993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640993" title="Indolocarbazole">
Indolocarbazole

Indolocarbazoles (ICZs) are a class of compounds that are under current study due to their potential as anti-cancer drugs and the prospective number of derivatives and uses found from the basic backbone alone. First isolated in 1977, a wide range of structures and derivatives have been found or developed throughout the world. Due to the extensive number of structures available, this review will focus on the more important groups here while covering their occurrence, biological activity, biosynthesis, and laboratory synthesis.
Occurrence.
The first isolated ICZ, dubbed staurosporine (STA) was in 1977 from a culture of "Streptomyces staurosporeus" found in a soil sample from Iwate Prefecture, Japan. The proper stereochemistry was not proven until 1994. Over the course of the next decade, further study of the compound showed some fungi inhibition, hypotensive activity, and most importantly, a broad protein kinase inhibitor. The next landmark discovery came with the detection of rebeccamyacin (REB) in a sample of "Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes", again in soil, but this time in a sample from Panama. REB was found to act against leukemia and melanoma in mice, and also against human adenocarcinoma cells.
Since 1977, ICZs have been discovered all over the world in actinomycetes, bacteria commonly found in soil. Numerous forms have tested positive for anti-tumor activity, such as 7-hydroxy-STA and 7-oxo-STA2. Some of the strains from which ICZ compounds have been found are Actinomadura melliaura in Bristol Cove, California, "Streptomyces hygroscopicus" in Numazu Prefecture, Japan, Micromonospora sp. L-31-CLO-002 from Fuerteventura Island, Canary Islands, Spain, and Actinomadura sp. Strain 007 from Jiaozhou Bay, China. The wide distribution of the various strains that produce these compounds is not surprising due to the number of properties these compounds can take on with limited functionalization on the specie’s part.
In addition to actinomycetes, ICZs have been found in slime molds (myxomycetes), blue-green algae (cyanobacteria, and marine invertebrates. Like the ones derived from actinomycetes, the ones found in myxomycetes cover an expansive range of derivatives and functionalizations. Two of the more important ones to date have been Arcyriacyanin A, which was found to inhibit a panel of human cancer cells by effecting PKC and protein tyrosine kinase, and lycogalic acid dimethyl ester A (found in Tokushima, Japan from Lycogala epidendrum), which showed strong antiviral activity. A few of the strains of myxomycetes studied are Arcyria ferruginea and Arcyria cinerea, both from Kochi Prefecture, Japan.
Three species of cyanobacteria has been found to produce ICZ compounds. "Nostoc sphaericum" from Manoa Hawaii, "Tolypothrix tjipanasensis" from Vero Beach, Florida, and "Fischerella ambigua" strain 108b from Leggingen, Switzerland. An interesting note on the first two is that many of the ICZ derived from them do not have the annelated pyrrolo[3,4-c] unit.
The final major group in which ICZs are found are various marine invertebrates. Three species of tunicate, one mollusk, one flatworm, and one sponge have been discovered in places ranging from Micronesia to New Zealand. Testing for further invertebrate production is ongoing by both genetic and phylum-based studies.
Biological activity.
Indolocarbazoles have been found to exhibit a wide range of activities, which makes their range of presence in nature unsurprising. Because of this variety, the following section will examine their modes of action in bacterial and mammalian cells independently, with special attention paid to cancer cell effects.
The general modes of action found in mammalian cells are inhibition of protein kinases, inhibition of eukaryotic DNA topoisomerase, and intercalative binding to DNA. The number of protein kinases thought to exist in the human genome exceeds six hundred, making a nanomolar inhibitor such as STA extremely useful for both treatment of various diseases and study of protein kinases in a variety of functions. Since this discovery, a vast effort has been undergone to make highly specific STA and REB derivatives. One of the major lessons learned from initial research on STA was the development of the pharmacophore model for a protein kinase inhibitor in which a bidentate hydrogen donating system flanked by various hydrophobic groups inserts into the binding site. The information derived from this original pharmacophore has led to the synthesis of highly specific inhibitors against a number of protein kinases, including PKC, cyclin-dependent kinases, G-protein coupled receptor kinases, tyrosine kinase, and cytomegalovirus pUL97 protein.
Topoisomerase I and II cleave and relegate one and two sides of a DNA strand, respectively, and are consequently vital parts of cell reproduction. Studies have found that in REB-like structures, the imide function of the pyrrole segment acts to interact with Topoisomerase I, the main carbon backbone acts as an intercalative inhibitor, and the sugar moiety undergoes DNA groove binding. The latter two actually act in unison due to the three-dimensional structure of a glycosylated REB molecule. The Top1 inhibitor section binds to cleavable DNA-Top1 complexes so as to prevent the relegation step. Because of this, sensitivity is based on quantity of Top1 present, making cells undergoing constant reproduction and growth (namely tumor cells) most vulnerable.
At this point, bacterial inhibition of Top1 has not been founding using ICZs. Because of this, it is thought that most of the anti-cell growth function of ICZs comes from inhibition of various protein kinase groups and intercalative DNA binding. Studies on "Streptomyces griseus" with in vitro protein labelling have led to inhibition of a wide range of cellular functions. This led to the theory that there were several eukaryotic protein kinases present required for secondary metabolism.
Biosynthesis.
Unfortunately, only biosynthesis of REB, STA, and K252a have been studied in depth. This section will emphasize the REB pathway due to how well studied it is. The pathway begins with the modification of L-tryptophan to 7-chloro-L-tryptophan. This is done by catalysis using RebH in vitro halogenation and RebF (a flavin reductase) to provide FADH2 for the halogenase. RebO (a tryptophan oxidase) then deaminates, after which it is further reacted with another one of itself and RebD (a heme containing oxidase). This forms the majority of the carbon backbone, which then undergoes decarboxylative ring closure using RebC and RebP. A glycosylation occurs using RebG and NDP-D-Glucose, which finally goes through methylation by RebM.
Information for this pathway, along with those of K252a and STA, was derived from information on known genes, enzymes, and intermediates. The two types of studies done on these pathways are in vivo studies of gene disruption of L. aerocolonigenes or recombinant strains of S. albus. The second type of experiment consisted of in vitro experiments done on cell extracts.
Synthesis.
Laboratory synthesis of ICZs has been a topic of great interest since their discovery. Unfortunately, due to the somewhat complex nature of the molecule and the high level of reactivity of carbons on indole molecules, a facile high yield synthesis has yet to be found. Despite this, there have been many ways found to produce this compound in its various forms. Of special interest is one of the better REB syntheses, found in 1999. The process begins by producing 7-chloroindole-3-acetamide by treating 7-chloroindole with a series of reagents, shown farther down. This molecule is then glycosylated and reacted with methyl 7-chloroindole-3-glyoxylate to produce an intermediate that goes on to stabilize into the final product. While this process is one of the better ones to date, it is still work and time intensive, going through 12 total steps and only yielding 12%.
Further developments.
Ever since the birth of ICZ research in the late seventies, the field has been burgeoning with continued advances in both technology and organic chemistry techniques. While only a handful of ICZ based compounds have made it past stage II clinical trials, the sheer variety that these molecules can take on leaves much still unexplored territory. Of particular recent interest in synthesis techniques is the use of palladium based catalysts, which have been found to be excellent activators for use in formation of carbon-carbon bonds.

</doc>
<doc id="20640996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640996" title="Line 1 (Metrovia)">
Line 1 (Metrovia)

Lane 1 of Metrovia ("Guasmo - Rio Daule"), Opened to the public on July 30 of 2006, it is the first Line of a total of 7 to operate in Metrovia's BRT System.
Stations.
South to North.
En servicio actualmente:

</doc>
<doc id="20640997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20640997" title="Battery Gunnison">
Battery Gunnison

Battery Gunnison, later called Battery New Peck, is a six inch coast artillery battery located on Sandy Hook in New Jersey. 
Gunnison was built in 1903 as a twin six inch disappearing gun battery. In 1942 the battery was altered to accept two M1900 six inch pedestal mounted guns along with the addition of two shell hoists and a plotting room. The battery was renamed Battery New Peck after the modification because the two six inch guns were transferred from Battery Peck. Battery Peck was named in honor of an artillery officer who was killed in the Sandy Hook proving ground. Battery New Peck was in use until 1949. 
Battery New Peck is unique in that is still retains its two guns and an ongoing restoration effort has brought the battery to a near original appearance.
Gunnison Beach takes its name from Battery Gunnison.

</doc>
<doc id="20641000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641000" title="1976 Friuli earthquake">
1976 Friuli earthquake

The 1976 Friuli earthquake, also known in Italy as Terremoto del Friuli ("Friulian earthquake"), took place in the Friuli region in northeast Italy on Thursday, May 6, 1976. The quake was centered on the town of Gemona del Friuli, measured 6.5 on the surface wave magnitude scale, and killed 939 people, injured 2400, and left 157,000 homeless.
Earthquake.
The quake struck at 21:00:12 (20:00:12 UTC). Seventy seven villages in the Friuli region were affected. Gemona del Friuli was greatly damaged and despite extensive emergency measures and international aid by the end of 1976 15000 people were still living in camping trailers, 1000 in tents and 25000 in evacuation centres. The damage was estimated at $4.25 million. Much of the town has since been reconstructed. The tremor was felt in Venice as well as neighboring Austria, Switzerland and Slovenia (at the time SFR Yugoslavia). In Slovenia, the upper Soča valley and the Brda area was particularly affected, with the village of Breginj nearly completely demolished. The earthquake damaged several buildings in Nova Gorica and was felt also in the Slovenian capital, Ljubljana.
The Italian Government nominated Chamber of Deputies member Giuseppe Zamberletti as coordinator of aid efforts on behalf of the regional administration. The national funds were assigned to the reconstruction of the damaged buildings by Zamberletti and the regional council of Friuli Venezia Giulia. From September to December 1976 all the earthquake victims were accommodated into prefabricated buildings, in order to better cope with the winter. After Zamberletti's mandate the regional government of Friuli Venezia Giulia was able to completely rebuild many towns, thanks to an accurate resource management. Nowadays, many years after the tragedy, the State's intervention in Friuli Venezia Giuia is seen as a great example of efficiency and reliability. 
Aftershocks.
There were many aftershocks with the two sets of strong shocks on 11 September (16:31, 5.5 Msand 16:35, 5.4 Ms) and again on 15 September (3:15, 6.0 Ms and 9:21, 5.9 Ms) 1976.
Aftermath.
This event also spurred the foundation of the Protezione Civile (the Italian Civil Defense body that deals with nationwide prevention and management of emergencies and catastrophic events).

</doc>
<doc id="20641011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641011" title="Boerhavia coccinea">
Boerhavia coccinea

Boerhavia coccinea is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family which is known by many common names, including scarlet spiderling, red boerhavia, hogweed, and in Spanish, hierba del cancer and hierba de la hormiga. It is a widespread plant whose native range is not certain but probably includes the southwestern United States and parts Mexico. It is present across the southeastern United States, where it may be naturalized. It is present in Africa, Asia, Australia, and South America. It is present on many Pacific islands, including the Hawaiian Islands, where it is an invasive species and a noxious weed. It grows in a wide variety of habitats, including disturbed areas as a common roadside weed. This is a low-lying, sprawling perennial herb producing reaching stems which can exceed a meter in length. The stems are somewhat hairy and sticky with glands. The generally oval-shaped leaves are held on short petioles. They are wavy along the edges and may have reddish margins. The inflorescence is a small head of tiny frilly flowers, each just a few millimeters long. The flowers are often bright scarlet to red-violet in color but can be shades of pink, yellow, or white.

</doc>
<doc id="20641013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641013" title="HMS Artifex (F28)">
HMS Artifex (F28)

HMS "Artifex" was a repair ship of the Royal Navy from late in the Second World War and into the Cold War. 
Launched as the Cunard liner RMS "Aurania" she was requisitioned on the outbreak of war to serve as an armed merchant cruiser. Damaged by a U-boat while sailing with an Atlantic convoy, she was purchased outright and converted to a floating workshop, spending the rest of her life as a support ship for the navy.
Peacetime career.
As one of the post-Great War "A-class" ocean liners, RMS "Aurania" was built by Swan Hunter and Wigham Richardson Ltd. at their Wallsend-on-Tyne yard for Cunard and launched on 6 February 1924. Her sisters included RMS "Alaunia" and RMS "Ausonia". With the merger of Cunard and the White Star Line in 1933, she continued to serve with the resulting company, Cunard White Star Ltd.
War career.
With war looming, she was requisitioned by the Admiralty on 30 August 1939 and converted to serve as an armed merchant cruiser, which involved the fitting of a number of guns. The conversion was completed on 2 October 1939. On completion of the work she entered service protecting trade sailing through the North Atlantic, covering the convoys. She was initially assigned to the Northern Patrol, followed by the Bermuda and Halifax Escort Force and then the North Atlantic Escort Force.
On 21 October 1941 she was sailing as an escort for convoy SL 89, bound from Halifax to the Clyde. She was straggling behind the convoy with a group of four other armed merchant cruisers and was sighted by "U-123", under the command of Reinhard Hardegen. At 04.28 hours he fired three torpedoes at her, two of them hitting the "Aurania" in the bow and under the bridge. The ship began to flood at the Number 3 hold, causing a list to port that eventually reached 25 degrees. The "Aurania"s cargo of empty drums acted to keep her afloat, and the captain was able to reduce the list to 15 degrees and get underway again. Meanwhile other convoy escorts had chased "U-123" away from the scene. During the confusion a lifeboat had been launched containing six men, but it swamped upon hitting the water. One of the escorts, the Hunt class destroyer , picked up three of the men, but was unable to locate the others. Some hours later "U-123" came across the sinking lifeboat, with a single survivor, and took him prisoner. Meanwhile "Aurania" was escorted back to Rothesay Bay by the sloop , arriving on 23 October. The Germans claimed that she had been sunk.
She was laid up, spending the period between November 1941 and March 1942 with Plymouth Command. She was bought outright by the Admiralty on 24 March 1942 and selected for conversion to a Heavy Repair Ship. Work began that December and lasted until July 1944. She was commissioned in August as HMS "Artifex" and after carrying out trials was prepared for service in the Pacific theatre. She sailed to join the British Pacific Fleet in early 1945, and by March was being deployed out of Manus in the Admiralty Islands, supporting the ships of Task Force 57. "Artifex" took passage to Leyte on 19 April to support ships involved in the attacks against the airfields in the Sakishima-Gunto Islands. She remained here throughout April and much of May, sailing for Manus again on 20 May. She remained here for the rest of the war. On being released from the British Pacific Fleet in September she sailed back to Britain.
Postwar.
"Artifex" was kept in commission after her return and was assigned to the training establishment at Rosyth, which was used to train artificer apprentices. She remained here as a training ship until 1955, when she was paid off and reduced to the reserve. She continued to be based at "Caledonia" though as a tender. She was finally laid up at the Dockyard and placed on the disposal list. HMS "Artifex" was sold for scrapping to BISCO on 28 December 1960 and departed Rosyth under tow on 7 January 1961, bound for the shipbreakers at Spezia.

</doc>
<doc id="20641020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641020" title="Sékou Ba">
Sékou Ba

Sékou Ba (born 3 May 1955) is a Burkinabé politician, currently serving in the government of Burkina Faso as Minister of Animal Resources. He is a member of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP).
Ba was born in Kampti, located in Poni Province. After attending school in Bobo-Dioulasso, he continued his studies at the University of Dakar in Senegal and then in France. Back in Burkina Faso, he was in charge of studies at the Ministry for Economic Promotion's Directorate for Control of State Companies from 1984 to 1986. He was subsequently department head at the Directorate for Control of State Companies from 1988 to 1990, Director-General of the Faso Fani Factory from 1990 to 1992 and Director of Inspection of Public Enterprises and Parastatals from 1992 to 1993. After serving as Secretary-General of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Mines from 1993 to 1995, he was President of the Privatization Commission from 1995 to 1997 and Director-General of the National Office of Foreign Trade from 1998 to 2006.
Ba was appointed to the government on 6 January 2006 as Minister of Housing and City Planning. Following the May 2007 parliamentary election, he was moved to the post of Minister of Animal Resources on 10 June 2007.
Ba is a member of the National Council of the ruling CDP. He has also served as Secretary-General of the CDP's Economy and Development Commission, and subsequently as Vice President of the same Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20641035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641035" title="Elevation (Anggun album)">
Elevation (Anggun album)

Elevation is the fourth international studio album by Indonesian singer-songwriter Anggun. The album was recorded in English and French. The French version is Anggun's first French release to be fully co-written by her.
Singles.
French Singles
International Singles
"Singles released in Indonesia":

</doc>
<doc id="20641052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641052" title="Arroyo Barril, Samaná">
Arroyo Barril, Samaná

Arroyo Barril is a Municipal district of Santa Bárbara de Samaná, Samaná Province in the Dominican Republic . It is on the south coast of the Samaná Peninsula, on the coast of Samaná Bay.
It was elevated to the category of municipal district on May 1, 2003.
Population.
In the last national census (2002), the population of Arroyo Barril was included with that of Santa Bárbara de Samaná.
Economy.
The most important economic activities of Arroyo Barril are the same as the province as a whole: agriculture, fishing and tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="20641075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641075" title="El Llano, Elías Piña">
El Llano, Elías Piña

El Llano, Dominican Republic (in English, "The Plain") is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province.
Population.
The municipality had, in 2002, a total population of 8,151: 4,376 men and 3,775 women. The urban population was 30.23% of the total population.
History.
El Llano was elevated to the category of municipality by the law 3208 of 2 July 1974. Before that date, it was part of Comendador.
Economy.
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="20641096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641096" title="Carl Boardley">
Carl Boardley

Carl Boardley is an English motor-racing driver, and four time hot rod World Champion..
On 5 July 2009 he won the National Hot Rod World Championship for his fourth World title in a row.
His younger brother Stuart is a former professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20641098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641098" title="Macnamara Morgan">
Macnamara Morgan

Macnamara Morgan (c.1720–1762) was an Irish playwright, poet, and barrister.
Life.
He was born in Dublin, was called to the bar, and practised at Dublin.
He is best remembered for writing the tragedy "Philoclea" which premiered at Covent Garden on 22 January 1754. 
The play was heavily influenced by Spranger Barry and based on Philip Sidney’s "Arcadia". He also wrote the pastoral comedy "The Sheep-Shearing or Florizel and Perdita", which premiered in Dublin in 1747 at the Smock Alley Theatre and was subsequently revived at Covent Garden in 1754. The work is based on William Shakespear's "The Winter's Tale", contained music by Thomas Arne and was published in 1767.

</doc>
<doc id="20641099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641099" title="Sánchez, Samaná">
Sánchez, Samaná

Sánchez, Dominican Republic is a Dominican municipality in the Samaná province, on the south coast of the peninsula of Samaná.
History.
The old town of "Las Cañitas" was elevated to the category of municipality in 1866 with the name of Francisco del Rosario Sánchez, one of the three Founding Fathers of the Dominican Republic.
It was a very small town but it grew in importance and population when the railway from town to La Vega (in La Vega province) began to run across the rich region of the Cibao. Sánchez became the most important port of the country during the rest of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century. The railway worked until 1966.
The port has lost its importance because when other ports in the country grew in importance, Sánchez lost its importance as a port. And the Yuna River has been filling the Samana Bay with solid material and only small boats can get to the port.
Economy.
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture. Fishing was the main activity but now is not so important.

</doc>
<doc id="20641130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641130" title="Juan Santiago, Elías Piña">
Juan Santiago, Elías Piña

Juan Santiago is a Dominican municipality in the Elías Piña Province.
History.
Juan Santiago was elevated to the category of municipal district of Comendador by the law 916 of 12 August 1978. Then it was elevated to the category of municipality.
Economy.
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="20641140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641140" title="Drežnica, Kobarid">
Drežnica, Kobarid

Drežnica () is a village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It is located above the Soča River on a small plateau under Mount Krn. Together with the neighboring settlements of Koseč, Drežniške Ravne, Jezerca, and Magozd, it has around 565 inhabitants.
Name.
Drežnica was first mentioned in written sources in 1178 as "Dresnitz" and "Dresniz" (and in 1291 as "Dresnica", and in 1351 as "Dresnize"). The name is a univerbized form derived from "*Dręzžьna voda" (literally, 'forest creek') or "*Dręzžьna vьsь" (literally, 'forest village'), derived from the Slavic word "*dręzga" 'forest, thicket'. Place names of similar origin include "Drežnik" and "Dresden".
History.
In 1747, the Parish of Drežnica was founded. In the late 19th century and early 20th century, it was a prosperous village with more than 1,000 inhabitants. During that time, the current church was built on the site of a previous, smaller one.
At the outbreak of World War I, most of the inhabitants were evacuated to the interior of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. In the first months after the Italian attack on Austria-Hungary, the village was occupied by Italian troops and the rest of the inhabitants were sent to internment camps in Italy, where many died of malnutrition and bad conditions. The village was almost completely destroyed during the Battles of the Isonzo, but the church remained completely intact. 
After the war, in 1918, it was occupied by Italian troops and annexed to Italy in 1920. Between 1920 and 1941, many locals emigrated abroad, mostly to Argentina and Yugoslavia, and the number of inhabitants dropped significantly. 
During World War II, especially after the Italian armistice, the area was an important center of Slovenian partisan resistance. Between September 10 and November 1, Drežnica was part of the liberated territory, known as the Kobarid Republic, administered by the local anti-Fascist resistance (composed by partisans, former TIGR members, and unaffiliated insurgents). In November 1943, it was occupied by Nazi German forces, but the Partisan resistance remained strong in the surrounding mountainous area around Mount Krn. In 1945, it was liberated by the Partisans and put under Yugoslav military administration. 
Between June 1945 and September 1947, Drežnica was cut off from Kobarid, which was put under Anglo-American military administration. This caused a severe economic crisis and many people emigrated from the village, either to the nearby Anglo-American zone, to Tolmin, or to the interior of Slovenia. In September 1947, it was officially annexed to Yugoslavia and included in the Socialist Republic of Slovenia.
The church.
The main attraction in the village is the church, dedicated to the Sacred Heart. It was built on the site of an older building dedicated to Saint Julius. The belfry was only completed in 1986 and is 52 m high. The paintings inside the church were made during World War II by the Slovene modernist painters Zoran Mušič and Avgust Černigoj.
In July 2009, the Slovenian politician and former Prime Minister Janez Janša married his current spouse, Urška Bačovnik, in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="20641160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641160" title="West Coyote Hills">
West Coyote Hills

The West Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in northern Orange County, California. Parts of it lie within the city limits of La Habra and Buena Park, with most of it sprawling across western Fullerton between Ralph B. Clark Regional Park and Euclid Street north of Rosecrans Avenue. The foothill region to the east and south is known as Sunny Hills.
Name.
The hills received their name from the nearby Rancho Los Coyotes; by the 1870s they were being called Coyote Hills.
Development.
The West Coyote Hills was once a major oil field, dating back to 1890. Extraction has long since ceased, and most of the West Coyote Hills has been developed for residential and commercial use, as well as West Coyote Hills Park.
A tract measuring across the ridge of the hills, owned by Pacific Coast Homes (a land development division of the Chevron Corporation), is the largest remaining tract of undeveloped land in north Orange County. Plans to build 760 homes on , while restoring and donating 352 acres to the City of Fullerton for use as the Robert E. Ward Nature Preserve. A group called Open Coyote Hills has been leading the support while a group called Friends of Coyote Hills has led the push to preserve the entire site as open space.
Fossils.
U.S. Geological Survey researchers have found invertebrate fossils representing 184 taxa from 158 localities in the “San Pedro” Formation in the Coyote Hills, including various species of annelids, mollusks, arthropods, and echinoids; the fossils suggest a late Pliocene to early Pleistocene age for outcrops of the formation. The occurrence of the bivalve "Solamen columbianum" in the area marks its first occurrence as a fossil. The oldest fossil occurrence of the gastropods "Tegula pulligo" (Gmelin), questionably "Haliotis cracherodii", and the crustacean "Randallia ornata" occur in the “San Pedro” Formation in the Coyote Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="20641161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641161" title="Sabana Larga, Elías Piña">
Sabana Larga, Elías Piña

Sabana Larga, Elías Piña is a Dominican municipal district of Comendador in the Elías Piña Province.
Population.
In the last national census (2002), the population of Sabana Larga is included with that of Comendador.
History.
Sabana Larga was elevated to the category of municipal district of Comendador by the law 18 of 20 January 2004.
Economy.
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="20641176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641176" title="Boerhavia coulteri">
Boerhavia coulteri

Boerhavia coulteri is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name Coulter's spiderling. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, particularly the desert areas. This is an annual herb producing an erect or creeping stem up to about 70 or 80 centimeters in maximum length. They are slightly hairy and have sticky resin glands toward the bases. The leaves are lance-shaped to somewhat triangular, pointed, sometimes wavy or rippled along the edges, and 5 centimeters in maximum length. Most of the leaves grow from the lower half of the plant. The sticky inflorescence is a small cluster of tiny white to pale pink flowers, each under two millimeters long. The fruit is an elliptical body a few millimeters in length with longitudinal ribs. The fruits are borne in small clusters.

</doc>
<doc id="20641178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641178" title="I Am... World Tour">
I Am... World Tour

I Am... World Tour (sometimes referred to as the I Am... Tour) was the fourth concert tour by American recording artist Beyoncé Knowles. It was launched in support of her third studio album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce" (2008). The tour was announced in October 2008 and the first dates were revealed in December 2008. It kicked off in late-March 2009 with five rehearsal shows in North America, officially commencing in late April 2009. The tour visited the Americas, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia with 108 shows in total. Preparations for the shows began eight months prior to the beginning of the tour with twelve-hour rehearsals for two months. Knowles described the shows as her best and most theatrical from all of her tours. Pre-concert food drives were held during several stops of the I Am... World Tour as part of a campaign by General Mills' Hamburger Helper entitled, "Show Your Helping Hand" where fans were asked to bring food during the concerts.
The set list for the concerts included songs from Knowles' three studio albums as well as several covers of other artists and a Destiny's Child medley. The central theme of the tour was to showcase the difference between Knowles' dual personality; her emotional side and her onstage persona, Sasha Fierce which was also demonstrated in the dual album "I Am... Sasha Fierce". The show featured two stages - the main one and a smaller B-stage where Knowles was transferred during the middle of the show. She was backed by an all-female band, female background dancers and a big LED screen. Thierry Mugler collaborated with Knowles on the costumes and had a creative advisor role further working on the choreography, lighting and production. Chris March made the costumes usable for stage and helped in their making. For the ballads, Knowles wore longer dresses while for the performances of the up-tempo songs, more make-up and more revealing outfits were worn. The fashion and Knowles' look and figure received praise from critics.
I Am... World Tour received critical acclaim from music critics who praised Knowles' performance abilities calling her the best female performer and chose the performances of "Ave Maria", "Listen" and "At Last" as highlights during the shows. A concert in Malaysia was cancelled by Knowles after several Muslim groups tried to ban it although she agreed to tone down her look according to the country's standards. The tour was commercially successful grossing $119.5 million from 108 shows in total. Separate performances of several songs were broadcast on different channels and two concerts were released as live albums; the live performance at the I Am... Yours revue was in a CD/DVD format in 2009 and footage of the tour was released on an eponymous titled live album in 2010.
Background.
In 2006, during an interview with MTV News, Knowles talked about her more aggressive stage persona, Sasha Fierce. She said: "I absolutely get scared every time I get on the stage. I get nervous. I'm actually really scared when I'm not nervous because then I don't transform into that person that people are used to seeing." She added that in real life, she was nothing like the person people see in her videos and performances: "I'm really more quiet, reserved. I speak when spoken to and polite. When I'm onstage, I'm aggressive, I'm strong, I'm fearless." Knowles' third album "I Am... Sasha Fierce" formally introduced Sasha Fierce as her alter ego; she revealed that Sasha was born during the making of her single "Crazy in Love" (2003). In an interview with "People" magazine, Knowles affirmed that her alter ego is strictly for the stage and Sasha Fierce was further described as the singer's sensual, aggressive alter ego. In October 2008, "Billboard" magazine reported that Knowles would go on tour in the spring of 2009 to support her third studio album. Beyoncé's father and manager Mathew Knowles revealed that it would visit different countries worldwide. The tour dates for the European leg were announced in December 2008. During an interview with "Entertainment Weekly", Knowles confirmed that she was excited about the tour and that she would be backed by her all-female band which also accompanied her during her previous tour The Beyoncé Experience (2007). She also stated that she worked on the tour for eight months, rehearsing and trying to put the set list together. Knowles further revealed that the twelve-hour rehearsals for the tour included dancing the choreography in heels for two months before it commenced. She also added that she learnt to make transition from herself to Sasha Fierce really fast for the performances. Knowles further acknowledged that I Am... World Tour was a huge production and that she was proud of the theatrical show she created. She said that it was a mixture of everything she loved: "I tried to bring jazz and hip-hop, and ballet and fashion, and everything together... It is the best thing I've done as far as my tours go."
The tour kicked off in late-March 2009 with five rehearsal shows in North America and it officially commenced in late April 2009, at Arena Zagreb in Croatia later visiting the Americas, Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia. Nearly eight months after the release of "I Am ... Sasha Fierce", Knowles brought the tour in support of the album to North America. Pre-sale tickets for members of her fan club were available on April 20, 2009 and general public sales began on April 25, 2009. The six-week North American leg of the I Am... World Tour kicked off on June 21 with a show at Madison Square Garden in New York and finished with a four-night residency at Encore in the Wynn Las Vegas from July 30, 2009 to August 2, 2009. The tour finished with a concert at Queen's Park Savannah in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, with 108 shows in total. Knowles and her organization, The Survivor Foundation, became the spokesperson for General Mills' Hamburger Helper campaign entitled, "Show Your Helping Hand". The campaign's mission was to provide more than 3.5 million meals to local food banks in North America. Knowles encouraged spectators to bring non-perishable foods to her North American concerts to be donated to the campaign. According to the campaign's official website, nearly three millions meals and over $50,000 have been donated.
Development.
During an interview with the Associated Press, Knowles said that one of the hardest parts of the tour was "squeezing a decade's worth of hits into a two-hour show" and performing the songs in designer Thierry Mugler's "elaborate" costumes. She elaborated: "I'm never gonna go onstage or do a video and not work until my feet are blistered, and until I'm basically, I can't walk any more. I always give, and I do that because I know how lucky I am, to do my job." She also promised that the tour would be more emotional than The Beyoncé Experience because of the "real[,] raw and more sensitive" nature of the "I Am..." portion of the double album. Knowles also expressed frustration that snippets of the show appeared online after the first shows on the opening leg, "ruining" some of the surprise of the concert experience and possibly convincing some fans not to attend. She went on saying: "It's great because people can get a little sneak peek and say, 'Oh, I wanna come to the show,' or, 'I don't wanna go to that show'... and I'm fans of people so I go on there and check it out too. But you put so much of your heart and time into the wardrobe... it's kind of unfortunate that people can see the show months before you get into their city, but that's life." French designer Thierry Mugler collaborated with Knowles on the wardrobe and had a creative advisor role, as he also contributed to designing the whole show, from lighting to choreography, production and directing three sequences for the concert. As a creative advisor, Mugler stated about the show: 
"message that we wanted to get across to Knowles' fans was The sense of mise-en-scène or using everything we get, like technology, lights, sets and costumes in order to sublimate the emotions and energy that we share and want to share with others. It was my responsibility to make Beyoncé's vision come true. There will be a lot of dramatization and metamorphosis on stage. Some very strong effects have been inspired directly by Beyoncé, and only she could make happen on stage. I also was the AD [assistant director for the Diva video shot especially for the show. I also gave input for various visual and creative aspects of the show." 
Onstage, Knowles was backed by her ten-piece all-female band, Suga Mama, which included two drummers, two keyboardists, a percussionist, a horn section, three backup vocalists called the Mamas, and a lead guitarist. The show used two stages. A simple main stage included a pop up set of stairs, a big LED background screen, and glass risers for Suga Mama and The Mamas. A smaller B-stage in the middle of the crowd was used for Knowles' later performances. The show included six costume changes during which her trio of background singers sang over "lush" harmonies. The set list included songs from Knowles' three studio albums, a Destiny's Child medley and several covers of other artists, as well as "Listen" originally recorded for the of the film "Dreamgirls". Several critics noted that the songs on the set list were divided into ballads and more up-tempo songs to coincide with the central theme of "I Am... Sasha Fierce" - the dual personality of Knowles. During the performances of the ballads, she wore longer dresses with white colors while for the performances for the uptempo songs, she had more make-up and revealing outfits. Ben Ratliff of "The New York Times" further noted "the unwieldy mother concept of the tour : the duality of well-meaning good girl and rapacious animal-robot-dance-titan." Jay Lustig of "The Star-Ledger" concluded that the album's split personality was reflected in the show naturally enough. However, Barbara Ellen of "The Observer" wrote, "Another irritant is the much-trumpeted 'duality' nonsense with Sasha Fierce, Beyoncé's alter-ego for her latest album. All 'Sasha' does here is flail about in a video, no different from regular Beyoncé, except for a gold dress and a hairdo that veers dangerously towards Liberace." Similarly, Ann Powers from the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that the only thing which was not fully realized was the show's "overarching" theme, "Beyonce meant to represent herself as a split personality, tender and open on the one hand, indomitable and rather scary on the other. But Beyonce has chosen the wrong dichotomy to represent herself."
Fashion.
After several years of retirement from the fashion industry, French designer Thierry Mugler served as the main costume designer for the tour. Knowles was attracted with his work at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala, "Superheroes, Fashion and Fantasy" (2008), where several of his haute couture pieces were on display. Knowles immediately fell in love with the costumes and wanted to use them on her tour after her mother and designer Tina Knowles influenced her decision. She met with Mugler in Paris in September and started exchanging ideas with him, further designing costumes which were inspired by her love of music and life. She hired him as the designer for the tour costumes in November, 2008. Speaking about her collaboration, Knowles said, "The best part about this tour is I'm working with Thierry Mugler, who is an icon and a legend, and I've been a fan." Mugler wanted to capture the duality between being a woman and a warrior and understand these two sides with own perception of both aspects while creating the costumes for Knowles and using the words "Feminine. Free. Warrior. Fierce" as inspiration. He felt, "Sasha Fierce is another aspect of Beyoncé's personality, she is Fierce on stage and Beyoncé in real life... Beyoncé is a very sophisticated 'stage animal', which means that she is truly instinctive. Beyoncé expresses herself through the two aspects of her personality. On stage, there is Sasha Fierce and there is Beyoncé in her truest self." He described the costumes as "very elaborate" and rooted in the songs' meanings. He conducted a 71-piece wardrobe for Knowles, her dancers and the band for the tour. For the shows, Knowles had ten different looks which were noted to be "fierce" as her onstage alter ego. She wore "ferocious power-glam superheroine outfits for a one-two punch of femininity and fierceness". American fashion designer Chris March also collaborated with Knowles during the tour helping Mugler in the process of creating the costumes and making them usable for stage purposes as his expertise was execution of outfits. On July 23, 2009, March filled a lawsuit against Mugler for allegedly not paying him for the work he did on the wardrobe. Knowles' look captured a duality of soft and hard, combining bows with metal and incorporating fishnets, mismatched gloves and power shoulders into costumes that mirror Knowles' lyrics about "all the single women" femme fatales and power brokers in a "high-tech "Blade Runner" world" as stated by Michael Quintanilla of "San Antonio Express-News". Caryn Ganz of "Rolling Stone" magazine noted that the wardrobe designs consisted of a variety of gold sparkly leotards, all form-fitting, light-reflecting and leg-baring. Knowles also wore leopard-print pants and glow-in-the-dark bra with a blinking beacon affixed to her body. Joanna Horowitz of "The Seattle Times" wrote that the singer donned a series of curve-hugging leotards and mile-high stilettos, which were revealing her legs.
The fashion and wardrobe during the shows received praise from critics. Randall King of the "Winnipeg Free Press" praised the little designs noting that they were suitable for films and compared them with something fashion designer Bob Mackie might have designed for a space movie in the 1970s. Alice Jones of "The Independent" noted that the "extraordinary" ensemble which Knowles wears during the opening of the show is "topped off by the most enormous gold-sequined bow on her ever-undulating booty". She further noted that Knowles' alter ego looked just like her only with more make-up and noted, "set list of 30 songs introduces us to any number of different Beyoncés – showgirl, balladeer, feminist, rock chick, gangster queen, cyborg – via off-stage costume changes and a leotard for every mood, including one which looks like the front end of a Harley-Davidson, complete with flashing headlamps." Kathy McCabe of "The Daily Telegraph" noted that the shows featured "some of the most elaborate and revealing costumes of her career" and further described the corsets as "jaw-dropping". Tamara Hardingham-Gill of the "Daily Mail" commented that the number of costume changes during the show "only added to the magic of the evening". Donna MCconnel of the same publication noted that a "dramatic" gold jewelled metal corset with built-in curve worn during the concerts drew "even more attention to her famous figure". Another writer of "Daily Mail" wrote that Knowles' outfits "became increasingly outlandish - part Roman goddess, part WWF wrestler". A writer of "Evening Chronicle" wrote, "Her costumes were as sparkling as her personality. From NYPD cop to bride to Wonderwoman and beyond, the outfits showed off every inch of her perfectly toned body." Holly Burnes of "The Daily Telegraph" also praised the fashion writing that the wardrobe included "one incredible costume after another _ from a Mad Max look that would have had Mel Gibson on his knees, to an angelic wedding dress for a rendition of Ave Maria guaranteed to have raised the sails of the Sydney Opera House." Simon Collins of "The West Australian" described the costumes as "sexy". Jay Hanna of "The Sunday Times" noted that Knowles looked like a "goddess" in the "array of spectacular outfits" further praising the crystal encrusted black corset she wore during the performance of "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" describing her look as "dazzling". Jim Farber from the "Daily News" wrote, "The costumes didn't disappoint, including one getup that looked like Barbarella on a safari and another that depicted Beyoncé as an unlikely innocent in white."
Concert synopsis.
The show started with Knowles almost entirely obscured by smoke, walking towards the front of the stage and striking a pose in silhouette with only one beam of light illuminating her while singing several lines of "Déjà Vu". The lights went up and Knowles was revealed wearing spangly gold leotard and stilettos joined by two dancers in PVC catsuits and an all-female band who started playing the opening horns of "Crazy in Love". More PVC-clad dancers emerged, while canons on either side of the stage puffed clouds of glitter out over the crowd and confetti were also dropped on stage as Knowles sang the song. She continued to perform "Naughty Girl" while banks of bright orange lights were displayed on stage. During "Freakum Dress" Knowles bent backwards at her guitarist's feet. She asked the crowd "Are ya'll ready to dance?" and went on singing "Get Me Bodied" wearing a sequin dress while performing dance routines. Knowles later emerged atop a giant lighted flight of stairs wearing a white leotard and sang "Smash Into You" - the staircase was the show's biggest piece of equipment. She performed "Ave Maria" in a white dress which was later turned into a bridal dress after a veil was put on her head by the backing dancers. She sand the song with an operatic soprano voice adding an excerpt from Sarah McLachlan's "Angel" and Franz Schubert's Ave Maria". She continued on to sing "Broken-Hearted Girl" wearing a white bustier with a sheer, flowing wrap. At the conclusion of the song, outtakes from the music video of "If I Were a Boy" were shown before she appeared to perform the aforementioned song wearing Ray-Bans, a leather breastplate, aviator shades and a bulletproof-looking one-piece further asking the crowd to sing along the track. She included an excerpt from Alanis Morissette's "You Oughta Know" and Tupac Shakur's "California Love" while also doing several moves like a male. A video interlude directed by Melina Matsoukas was shown as excerpts from "Sweet Dreams" was played in the background. The video showed Knowles as a robot further interacting with a cheetah as a mechanical voice intoned Sasha Fierce. This was a short introduction before Knowles performed the electro song "Diva" dressed in a leopard print leotard. She appeared at the top of the staircase with her backup dancers behind her while another video interlude showing Knowles singing and dancing at the age of five was shown. She then sang "Radio" while a clip was projected on the screen showing her dancing as a child. "Me, Myself and I" was introduced with a brief speech about female empowerment with Knowles saying "Ladies, we need each other. We need to learn from each other, and we need to empower each other". "Ego" and "Hello" were also performed afterwards. 
The show continued with a short medley performed by her backup singers, The Mamas, followed by another video interlude featuring a coin toss between Knowles' emotional side and Sasha Fierce. Knowles then appeared from under the stage after the lights were turned off several times and several dance routines were performed by her dancers. Then a man banged a gong and Knowles appeared on the stage. She was then lifted out of a 20-foot train by a harness and over the audience she performed "Baby Boy" while she high-stepped in slow motion and front-flipped. She was then lowered to the B-stage where she finished the song and continued with Dawn Penn's "You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)". A stripped-down version of "Irreplaceable" was sang afterwards and the crowd was asked to sing along the lines "to the left, to the left". Knowles then pointed to individual fans describing their look and continued with "Check On It" and a medley of Destiny's Child hits including "Bootylicious", "Jumpin' Jumpin'", "Independent Women", "Bills, Bills, Bills" and "Survivor" which was included during a video interlude. Performances of "Upgrade U" and "Video Phone" followed; Knowles was accompanied by two female dancers and three male dancers, one of whom recorded a live stream of her with a camera throughout the routine during the performance of the latter song. This was followed by a rendition of "Say My Name" where she interacted with one member of the audience, asking that person what his or her name and then asking from them to say her name. As the song ended she went back to the main stage. In the penultimate section of the show, Knowles appeared in the middle of the stage wearing a gown with lights at her from all around the arena as she sang "At Last". A footage of her performance of the song at Barack Obama's inauguration as President of the United States, video images of civil rights era footage and snippets from her performance of the song in the movie, "Cadillac Records" (2008) were shown on the screens behind here. The power ballad "Listen" was performed afterwards. This was followed by a Youtube video interlude featuring imitations of the choreography for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" performed by fans as well as Barack Obama and Justin Timberlake. Knowles then sang the song while performing the Bob Fosse-inspired choreography. For the finale, she performed an extended version of "Halo" descending from the stage and shaking hands with the fans in the front rows. She then went to the top of the staircase and repeatedly said "I am", awaiting the crowd to say it back. She then said "I am... yours" which was also written on the screen behind her and exited the stage.
Critical response.
The I Am... World Tour received rave reviews from critics. Mike Ross of the website Jam! gave Knowles' "spectacular" performance 4.5 out of 5 stars stating that she proved she could sing traditional R&B if she wanted with the cover of Etta James' "At Last". He further noted that the show had "high-production bells... a wide range of musical styles... a remarkable vocal range, and of course the riveting presence of the star herself." Stephanie Classen of "The Star Phoenix" remarked, "Beyoncé doesn't really need the bells and whistles of a big stadium show, but it sure makes for an unforgettable concert." Additional praise was received from Randall King of the "Winnipeg Free Press" who graded her "lavishly produced" performance 4 stars out of 5, saying, "In Sasha-mode... Knowles is raw energy convincingly expressing a live hard/work hard ethos with every shimmy and nimble vocal trill... But Beyoncé... showed feeling ... with more ballad-y numbers" further noting that her split-personality "bounces back and forth" throughout the show. Alice Jones of "The Independent" noted that whether Knowles performed power balladry, dancehall or electro songs, "she sings her heart out" and further praised the "astonishingly high-energy show, the ambitious choreography barely grazing her perfect, lung-busting vocals which run from caramel smooth to honeyed foghorn". She concluded her review by saying, "Watching Beyoncé sing and strut her stuff can feel at best overawing, at worst, alienating. She takes her role as entertainer so seriously she's almost too good." Ben Ratliff of "The New York Times" writes, "there is a breathtaking elegance in her acute desire to entertain" further saying that "the whole point of the dazzling show was to make you ask how she does it. Not just physically, but organizationally." Ratliff also praised Knowles' "hollering voice, her imperious movement, her costume changes and the show’s crush of concepts with their long tails of reference." Deborah Mcaleese and Lauren Mulvenny of "The Belfast Telegraph" described the show as "incredible... mind blowing... electrifying". A writer of "Evening Chronicle" wrote that Knowles proved she was the best entertainer "with a two-hour set packed with bling, glamour and, most importantly, enthusiasm", further praising her for singing the songs live "hit[ting every note" while dancing to her choreography. The writer further chose the performances of "Ave Maria", "At Last" and "Listen" as highlights during the show describing Knowles' vocals as "incredible". Similarly, Jay Hanna of "The Sunday Times" chose the same songs as highlights during the show, further saying that "Halo" was the most memorable moment of the night. She also praised Knowles' "enviable" dancing skills, compared her with Dionne Warwick but noted that, "Her brilliant performance, which was only let down by weaker, less melodic songs such as Get Me Bodied or Upgrade U, was matched by spectacular production and audio visuals." Jay Lustig of "The Star-Ledger" also wrote that "At Last" and "Listen" were as "riveting as anything that had come before", further choosing the performances of "You Oughta Know" and "Halo" as other highlights. Lustig described the show as a "bona fide pop spectacle" noting that many of the songs which were performed had futuristic themes. Jim Farber from the "Daily News" viewed the tour as "a huge upgrade in charm, humor and chops" and added that "Beyoncé's presence punctuated her singing like an exclamation point".
Describing the show as simultaneously "spellbinding, exhausting to watch and hugely slick" and calling Knowles "the planet's greatest superstar", Michael Cragg of musicOMH noted that the highlights included songs from the "Sasha Fierce" disc of the album. Caryn Ganz of "Rolling Stone" magazine praised the show, saying, "She worked, and worked it relentlessly, never missing a note, a beat of choreography, or a chance to strike a pose, hold it, and be adored." Jayson Rodriguez of MTV News, commented "Through six outfit changes, bombastic ballads, high-energy singles and a daring high-wire journey from the stage to the center of the arena, Beyoncé delivered over and over again." A writer of "Billboard" magazine noted that Knowles "brought all the fierceness" on stage for the tour. "The Australian"s Patrick Emery noted that Knowles showcased her self-assurance and professionalism in "full view" further praising the "carefully" choreographed show. Comparing her performance with Michael Jackson's, Renee Michelle Harris of the "South Florida Times" writes, " owns the stage with her trademark swagger and intensity... showcasing her powerful vocals without missing a note, often while engaged in vigorous, perfectly executed dance moves...no one, not Britney, not Ciara and not Rihanna can offer what she does—a complete package of voice, moves and presence." Tamara Hardingham-Gill of the "Daily Mail" awarded the performance five out of five stars and noted that Knowles' vocal abilities were showcased during the ballads of the show where she was "note perfect throughout". She concluded her review by saying that although it was "too early" to compare Knowles with Michael Jackson, "she certainly proved that she is one of the most exciting and talented performers around and may well go down in history as such." Comparing her with Diana Ross and Tina Turner, Holly Burnes of "The Daily Telegraph" noted that Knowles proved she was the "world's best female performed" with her performance and added, "Whether crumping, sweeping across the stage in towering heels, or simply standing still, Beyonce was dynamite, blasting the benchmark for concert performers forever... Good luck trying to follow that act whoever you are." Simon Colling from "The West Australian" described the performance as "powerhouse" and added, "Beyonce's high-energy, high-voltage mix of song (loud, commercial R&B) and dance recalled names like Tina Turner, Aretha Franklin and rapper Missy Elliott. Sometimes her booming vocals were so over the top she seemed to have come down with a case of Mariah Carey syndrome." Writing that there were "ska, reggae, girlish pop, jazz, rap, soul, gospel, Middle Eastern, rock and body-thumping club remixes", Joanna Horowitz of "The Seattle Times" added, "The only thing is, while she can wrap her voice and body around just about any style, she doesn't really have her own signature, at least musically. And while all the variety kept the concert interesting, it came off a little unfocused... But for a show that's as much about style as music, you gotta hand it to Beyoncé. The evening played out like a hip-hop Cirque du Soleil — sequins galore, dramatic dance numbers, and Beyoncé at one point soaring". "The Observer"s Barbara Ellen wrote, "she is a performer who can shape-change at will. Whether charismatic and soulful, or teasing and flirty, Beyoncé is, above all, in charge. Probably the most 'in charge' of any female artist I've seen onstage... she is a force of nature - delivering one of the most enjoyable well-paced shows I've seen in years." However, she noted that Knowles is "so steeped in professionalism that what should be magical can become mechanical." Noting influences by Tina Turner and Barbra Streisand during the tour, Ann Powers of "Los Angeles Times" writes:
"She somersaulted while suspended in a harness. Thrilling! She sang happy birthday to a 2-year-old. Adorable! She let the crowd take over while singing 'Irreplaceable.' Fun! She got on her knees and mourned Michael Jackson. Poignant! She hit most of her notes too, though sometimes slipping badly in her lower register. And she danced like only Beyonce can dance, with a combination of power, grace and smarts that fully unites Broadway choreography with urban street innovations... Indeed, her production can be seen as a retelling of pop's history from a feminine viewpoint -- and as an argument for Beyonce as the ultimate realization of the female pop dream."
Commercial performance.
Tickets for the American leg of the tour were available for pre-sale for members of Knowles' fan club on April 20, 2008 and the official tickets went on sale to the general public through Ticketmaster on April 25. In late May 2009, Knowles' label announced through a press release that the singer decided to set aside 2,000 seats for each date on her then-forthcoming North American tour at a discounted price of $20. After already selling 1,000 tickets per show for the special low price, the last 1,000 discounted seats for each show were made available to the public on May 29, 2009 through Ticketmaster (with the exception of the artist's four-night residency at the Encore at Wynn Las Vegas). Due to the big demand, Sony Music announced additional dates in England, Asia and South America. In May 2009, Knowles' official website was peppered with requests by disappointed fans — from Boston; Anchorage, Alaska; Tampa, Florida; St. Louis and Montreal — who asked from her to come to their towns. The "Daily Mail" reported that the first European leg of the tour sold over 350,000 tickets for 32 shows; the UK part of the leg sold out completely with Knowles playing to over 100,000 fans. Knowles broke her record of concert attendees by selling out the Morumbi Stadium in Sao Paulo, Brazil, with over 60,000 tickets sold. It was reported to "Billboard" that as of September 16, 2009, from the 53 shows, Knowles grossed $53.5 million and drawn 667,509 fans from the mostly 15,000-seat arenas. In 2009, the tour was nominated for Eventful Fans' Choice Award at the 6th Annual Billboard Touring Awards. The tour grossed $86 million from 93 concert shows and 108 show total grossed $119,5 million.
Controversy in Malaysia.
In September 2009, it was announced by the Associated Press that Knowles would be bringing her show to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on October 25, 2009, but it would be without some of her usual tricks. After encountering what became familiar opposition from religious groups in a predominantly Muslim country, Knowles agreed to tone down some parts of her act. A spokesperson for the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party stated: "We are against Western sexy performances; we don't think our people need that." However, a rep soon came from the concert's Malaysian organizer, stating that "all parties have reached an amicable understanding" about the performance. He went on saying that Knowles should be regarded as a "role model" and an "embodiment of success" because of her philanthropic work, including campaigns against poverty and domestic violence. The Marctensia promoter further told the Associated Press: "We are confident that Beyoncé's concert will once and for all silence international critics and put Malaysia back on track and move up the ranks in presenting A-list international pop concerts in this region and further boost tourism."
However, it was ultimately announced in October 2009 that the concert has been postponed in the wake of accusations by Islamic conservatives that the show would be "immoral and unclean". Malaysian promoter Marctensia said in a statement that the show has been postponed to a future date to be announced shortly, and added "The postponement is solely decision of the artist and has nothing to with other external reasons." Another representative declined to comment on whether the show was postponed due to the heavy criticism it was receiving from religious leaders in the country. The show also faced oppositions by Islamic conservatives in Egypt who branded it as an "insolent sex party" that threatens the Muslim nation's "social peace and stability" and tried to encourage people against going to the concert. Two years prior to the performance, Knowles scheduled a show in Malaysia but backed out due to similar protests regarding her performance.
Recordings and broadcasts.
While Knowles was on tour, she was asked to perform a Las Vegas residency-type of show. Knowles and her team produced the shows in seven days and entitled it I Am... Yours. She performed an unplugged, acoustic styled show different from the rest of her tour, at the Encore Theater in Las Vegas. The show on August 2, 2009 was recorded and later released as a DVD, audio CD and television special in late November 2009 titled "". The DVD was critically and commercially successful peaking at number one on the "Billboard" Top Music Video chart and reaching high peak positions in other countries. It was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Another live CD/DVD of the tour was released as "I Am... World Tour" in late November 2010. The album contained performances from different stops of the tour blended with personal footage of Knowles' backstage work and thoughts about the tour and her life. It served as the directorial debut for Knowles. The DVD was commercially successful becoming the best selling DVD in the world in 2010.
Parts of the show in Vancouver on March 31, 2009 were recorded and have been used for commercial use, as well as photos from the show used in the official tour book and other promotional items. "If I Were A Boy" and "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" from the show in New Orleans were recorded and shown on TV One as a part of the Essence Music Festival in 2009. A CD and DVD, released on June 15, 2010, featured her performance of "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". "Crazy In Love", "Freakum Dress", "Get Me Bodied", "Smash Into You" and "Broken-Hearted Girl" from the show in Donetsk, Ukraine, were recorded professionally and shown on TRK Ukraina as part of their footage of the Donbass Arena opening. "Crazy In Love" and "Single Ladies" were professionally recorded at the Summer Sonic Festival in Osaka, Japan and used to promote Knowles' Japanese tour. "Crazy In Love" and "Naughty Girl" were also professionally recorded at the 2009 Singapore Grand Prix F1 Rocks event in Singapore for Channel HD 5 Live coverage. "Crazy In Love" was recorded professionally and shown on Frecuencia Latina from the show in Lima, Peru at the Explanada del Estadio Monumental.
Set list.
The following set list is representative of the show on June 21, 2009. It is not representative of all concerts for the duration of the tour.
Tour dates.
a This concert was a part of the Essence Music Festival
b These concerts were a part of the Summer Sonic Festival
c This concert took part in the opening event for the Donbass Arena
d This concert was a part of the F1 Rocks Singapore Festival.
e This concert was a part of the Yasalam After-Race Concerts
f This concert was a part of a competition presented by Trident Gum
Personnel.
Personnel adapted as per the I Am... World Tour booklet and "I Am... World Tour" DVD.
Creative Direction
Suga Mama Band
The Mamas (Background Vocalists):
Choreographers
Assistant Choreographers
Dancers
Security
Tour Management
Tour Sponsors
Tour Promoters

</doc>
<doc id="20641200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641200" title="Stalagmometric method">
Stalagmometric method

The stalagmometric method is one of the most common methods for measuring surface tension. The principle is to measure the weight of the drops of the fluid falling from the capillary glass tube, and then calculate the surface tension of the specific fluid which we are interested in. We know the weight of each drop of the liquid by counting the number of the drops falling out. From this we can determine the surface tension 
Stalagmometer.
A stalagmometer is a device for investigating surface tension using the stalagmometric method. It is also called a stactometer or stalogometer. The device is based on a capillary glass tube whose middle section is widened. In terms of the volume of the drop, it could be calibrated to the same size based on the design of the stalagmometer. The part of the bottom of the device is narrowed down to let the fluid fall out from the tube in a shape of drop.
In the experiments, the drops of the specific fluid are flowing slowly from the tube in a vertical direction. The drops hanging on the bottom of the tube start to fall when the volume of the drop reaches the maximum value which is dependent on the characteristic of the solution. In this moment, the weight of the drops is in an equilibrium state with the surface tension. Based on the Tate’s law:
formula_1
The drop is falling when the weight (mg) is equal to the circumference (2πr) multiplied by the surface tension (σ). The surface tension can be calculated provided the radius of the tube (r) and mass of the fluid droplet (m) are known. Alternatively, since the surface tension is proportional to the weight of the drop, the fluid of interest may be compared to a reference fluid of known surface tension (typically water):
formula_2
In the equation, m1 and σ1 can be the mass and surface tension of the reference fluid, and m2 and σ2 can be the mass and surface tension of the fluid we want to investigate. If we take water as a reference fluid, then:
formula_3
If the surface tension of water is known, we can calculate the surface tension of the specific fluid from the equation. The weight of more drops we measure, the more precise we calculate the surface tension from the equation. One thing we need to notice is that keeping the stalagmometer clean is really important so as to get meaningful reading. There are commercial tubes for stalagmometric method in three kinds of size: 2.5, 3.5, and 5.0 (ml). The size of 2,5 (ml) is suitable for small volume and low viscosity, of 3.5 (ml) for relatively high viscous fluid, of 5.0 (ml) for large volume and low viscosity, 2,5 (ml) for small volume and high viscosity and are flexible for different size of most of the fluids.
"Survismeter" produces ultra accurate results of surface tension along with viscosity, interfacial tension, wetting coefficient and density data. The survismeter is most accurate and safer for volatile, inflammable and carcinogenic liquids.
Modified method.
During the experiment, we may sizes of the drops each time, thus reduce the precision of value of the surface tension. The stalagmometric method was currently improved by S. V. Chichkanov and his colleagues that they modify the experiment to measure the weight of the drops in a fixed number rather than directly measure the number of the drops. The modified method to determine the surface tension based on the weight of the drops in a fixed number can be more precise than the original method based on the number of drops, especially for the fluid which surface is highly active. The advantage of the modified method is that it actually get more precise value of the surface tension and reduce the duration of experiments.

</doc>
<doc id="20641213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641213" title="Line 3 (Metrovia)">
Line 3 (Metrovia)

Line 3 of Metrovia was inaugurated on May 4 of 2008. It connects the populous Neighborhood of Bastion Popular at the North of Guayaquil with downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="20641232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641232" title="Boerhavia wrightii">
Boerhavia wrightii

Boerhavia wrightii is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name largebract spiderling. It is native to the deserts of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it grows amongst desert shrubs. This is an annual herb producing a slender, spidery erect stem to about 70 centimeters in maximum length. The leaves are lance-shaped to oblong with rippled edges and roughly pointed ends. Most of the leaves grow near the base of the plant. The inflorescences appear at the ends of the slim stem branches. They bear a few pale pink flowers, each just a few millimeters long, with adjacent reddish or pinkish bracts.

</doc>
<doc id="20641234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641234" title="Hibret Machine Tools Engineering Complex">
Hibret Machine Tools Engineering Complex

Hibret Machine Tools is military-civil engineering complex of the Ethiopian Defense Industry. It specializes in production of medium weapons for the Ethiopian National Defense Force.
History.
Hibret Machine tools was established on May 5, 1953 to produce bullets for light weapons under the name Hailesellassie I Ammunition Factory. In 1984, the Derg regime invested heavily to expand the ammunition production line and create a tools and spare parts production unit. 
Structure.
Hibret Machine tools were restructured which resulted in its ammunition unit transferred to Homicho Ammunition Engineering Complex and currently is organized as follows:
Products.
Military - a variety of mortars
Civilian - hand tools, hospital beds, aluminum saddles, household and office furnitures

</doc>
<doc id="20641235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641235" title="Drežniške Ravne">
Drežniške Ravne

Drežniške Ravne () is a settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Matthew and dates to 1511. The church itself with some of its furnishings was damaged in an earthquake in 1998, but this also revealed traces of late Gothic frescos on the walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20641239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641239" title="Yasuo Takamori">
Yasuo Takamori


</doc>
<doc id="20641252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641252" title="2009 Super GT season">
2009 Super GT season

The 2009 Super GT season (officially known as the 2009 Autobacs Super GT Series for sponsorship reasons) was the 16th season of the Japan Automobile Federation Super GT Championship. The season opener on March 22, was moved to Okayama, due to the continued renovation of Suzuka in preparation for the 2009 Japanese Grand Prix. The season finale on November 8 also was moved to Motegi, instead of Fuji. Due to the worldwide economic crisis, race weekends were two days instead of three.
André Lotterer and Juichi Wakisaka claimed the GT500 title in their Petronas TOM'S Lexus SC430. The team also won their respective teams title. In GT300, Racing Project Bandoh's Manabu Orido and Tatsuya Kataoka won the title by three points from Nobuteru Taniguchi and Ryo Orime.
Development in Car Factories.
GT500 Class.
Originally the three makers agreed to unify engine specification into a 3.4 L V8 (the same configuration of Formula Nippon). However, due to the aforementioned economic crisis, Nissan found difficulties to develop a suitable engine for their GT-R, and chose to bear performance ballast while using the same engine last year. Honda continued to use their midshiped-NSX, and bear performance ballast as the regulation originally outlaws midship cars, this is also their last Super GT year with NSX, which they announced they will use a new vehicle (HSV-010) in 2010 season. 
Aston Martin joined the series with a Le-mans spec. Aston Martin DBR9, it is the first Aston Martin car participated the series history (including JGTC), also the first European and non-Honda/Nissan/Toyota car in GT500 since the 2006 season (Maserati MC12 did participate the pre-season test in 2006 season but withdraw from the series later). The DBR9 will only be run at the first round, and the two rounds at Fuji.
GT300 Class.
The apr team, which has used the Toyota MR-S for a long time have discontinued to use MR-S in this season, replacing them with midshipped Toyota Corolla Axio instead.
The Cusco, the only team using an AWD car (Subaru Impreza), exits the series as they want to concentrate on off-road events. However, Subaru cars do not take absence from the series as R&D Sport uses a Legacy B4 since Race 6.
Thunder Asia Racing, a team from Singapore, spot races the Sepang race with a Mosler MT900R. Their full participation in 2010 season was confirmed after the 2009 season ends.
Schedule.
As a measure of cost reduction, the two longest race, as well as the final race in the series' distance in the series was shortened in this season. This include the trimming of the traditional 1000km race in Suzuka to 700 km. However, to avoid 1-pit strategy that cause unfairness to some teams, 2-pits rule is in force in Suzuka 400 km race.

</doc>
<doc id="20641269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641269" title="Homec, Kobarid">
Homec, Kobarid

Homec is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20641271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641271" title="Tehran Bus Rapid Transit">
Tehran Bus Rapid Transit

Tehran Bus Rapid Transit was officially inaugurated in 2008 in order to facilitate the motor traffic in Tehran. As at 2011 the bus rapid transit (BRT) system had a network of 100 kilometers which transports 1.8 million passengers on a daily basis.
Tehran has 6 BRT lines.
The total length of BRT in Tehran is about 150 km that will be increased to 300 km in future.
Tehran's mayor, Dr. Ghalibaf addressed the inaugural ceremony saying: 
Polls conducted in recent years have shown that one of the most important concerns of Tehran citizens is motor traffic and related problems because it causes health problems, increases economic costs and leads to countless hours of wasted time. Therefore, the Tehran Municipality and the Islamic City Council cannot be indifferent to challenges related to this issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20641284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641284" title="Sparletta">
Sparletta

Sparletta is a range of soft drink products manufactured by The Coca-Cola Company in South Africa and Zimbabwe since 1955. It is distributed in South Africa, Namibia, Mozambique, Kenya, Uganda, Botswana and Tanzania.
It is available in the following flavours: Creme Soda, Sparberry, Cherry Plum, Pine Nut, Iron Brew, Apple and Blackcurrant.

</doc>
<doc id="20641292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641292" title="2004 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team">
2004 Texas A&amp;M Aggies football team

The 2004 Texas A&M Aggies football team completed the season with a 7–5 record. The Aggies had a regular season Big 12 record of 5–3.

</doc>
<doc id="20641295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641295" title="Sacred Blaze">
Sacred Blaze

Reception.
"Sacred Blaze" was given a 31 out of 40 by "Famitsu" magazine. It was the 8th best-selling game in Japan during its release week at 18,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20641311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641311" title="Bolandra californica">
Bolandra californica

Bolandra californica is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family, known by the common names Sierra bolandra and Sierra false coolwort. It is one of two species in the small genus "Bolandra". It is endemic to the High Sierra Nevada of California, where it is an uncommon member of the coniferous forest understory. 
This is a perennial herb growing from a caudex, producing a few sharp-lobed leaves up to ten centimeters long. The inflorescence is a tall panicle reaching up to 60 centimeters in height and topped with small flowers. Each flower is a cup-shaped body with five lobes curling back at the mouth. Five thin, sharp-pointed petals curl out from the mouth, each long and green with purple edges.

</doc>
<doc id="20641330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641330" title="Mutual coherence">
Mutual coherence

Mutual coherence can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20641361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641361" title="Idrsko">
Idrsko

Idrsko is a settlement on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Thomas and was built in 1765. The belfry was added in 1861. There was extensive damage to the village in the 1976 Friuli earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="20641371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641371" title="Amity School of Engineering &amp; Technology">
Amity School of Engineering &amp; Technology

Amity School of Engineering & Technology (ASET), is an engineering institute of the Ritnand Balved Education Foundation (RBEF), affiliated to the Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi.
The Technichal Institute was established in 1999.
Academics.
Amity School of Engineering and Technology (ASET) is an institution of the Ritnand Balved Education Foundation (RBEF), and is the first institution to qualify for running the B. Tech Programme. The first session, which commenced in 1999, admitted 240 students according to the regulations of the GGS Indraprastha University.
ASET, Delhi is affiliated with Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, Delhi, and is approved by the AICTE, it offers courses leading to B.Tech degrees in:
with an intake of 60 students in each branch of engineering. The 14th batch of 2012-2016 has been admitted this year. The tenth batch of students graduated in July – August 2012.
Notable achievements.
Students from the Mechanical and Electronics department of ASET designed and developed a 4WD BAJA Vehicle and the Tri-Fuel Amity Hybrid Car. These concept cars were exhibited during the 9th Auto Expo held in New Delhi in 2008, and received accolades from automobile experts. Global automotive giant Delphi extended financial assistance for further research on the prototype.

</doc>
<doc id="20641372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641372" title="Yoshio Furukawa">
Yoshio Furukawa


</doc>
<doc id="20641379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641379" title="Richard Charke">
Richard Charke

Richard Charke (c. 1709–c. 1738) was an English violinist, composer, operatic baritone, and playwright.
Biography.
Charke was born in London. He initially worked as a dancing-master before being appointed by Colley Cibber as leader of the orchestra at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1729. Soon thereafter he began performing as a solo violinist and singing in small roles at the theatre. He eventually graduated to lead roles in the musical productions at Drury Lane, starring in such productions as Henry Carey’s "The Contrivances" (1729) and Cibber’s "Damon and Phillida" (1729). 
Charke possessed a good sense of humor and had a talent for wit, which he ultimately made use of in pantomimes, mostly as a composer but also as a writer. He wrote several amusing "Medley Overtures" that became highly popular for pantomime performances during the 1730s and 1740s. He authored only one pantomime "Harlequin Restored, or, The Country Revels," which contained music by both himself and Thomas Arne and premiered at Drury Lane on 14 December 1732 (although the Burney Collection of newspapers showing contemporary playbills give the date as 20 March 1732). 
In addition to his contribution to pantomimes, Charke composed one ballad opera, "The Festival", which premiered in 1734 and starred Susannah Maria Cibber. He also contributed songs to W.R. Chetwood's "The Lovers Opera" (1729) and "The Generous Freemason" (1730), and to James Miller's "The Humours of Oxford" (1730). 
Charke's private life was somewhat tragic. In 1730 he married his manager’s youngest daughter, Charlotte Cibber, with whom he quarreled incessantly. Only a few months into their marriage he began to pursue affairs with other women. He also had a penchant for gambling and for spending money frivolously. In the summer of 1736 he fled England for Jamaica in order to avoid his gambling debts and debtor's prison. He became ill shortly after arriving in Jamaica, dying in either late 1737 or early 1738.

</doc>
<doc id="20641385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641385" title="Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs">
Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs

Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs ("GEAR UP") is a federal grant program administered by the United States Department of Education. It was established in Chapter 2 of the 1998 amendments to the Higher Education Act of 1965 which awarded financial assistance to students and colleges from the federal government. GEAR UP was authored by Congressman Chaka Fattah and signed into law by President Bill Clinton in October, 1998.
Early Intervention and College Awareness Program.
The GEAR UP chapter focuses heavily on the Early Intervention and College Awareness Program. This program provides a guarantee of financial aid to low-income students who have obtained a secondary diploma or its equivalent. The program was also designed to aid students in elementary and high school to be aware of the benefits of higher education, and to reach the educational level necessary to attend an institute of higher education. Institutions eligible for grant money include states, partnerships between middle schools, high schools, and colleges and universities, and community organizations and businesses. The grant also stipulates that at least 50% of the participants must be eligible for free or reduced-price lunch, or are at or below 150% of the poverty level. Each entity devises its own plan, submits the plan to the Secretary of Education, and evaluates the plan on a biennial basis. The submitted plan must describe the activities to be implemented and provide the necessary assurances that the grant money will be matched by the entity, other existing programs will not be undermined by the new plan, and the any conclusive evaluation results. Eligible entities must implement the plan so it impacts students for the first time no later than their seventh grade year. Therefore, many programs are initiated in middle schools and extended to the associated high school.
Entities receiving grant money are given a fair amount of autonomy. Each plan is devised and implemented independent of other entities. However, each plan must include comprehensive mentoring, counseling, outreach, and supportive services, including financial aid counseling, providing information and activities regarding college admissions, achievement tests, and application procedures, and improving parental involvement. Funds can support identification of at-risk children, after school and summer tutoring, assistance in obtaining summer jobs, academic counseling, volunteer and parent involvement, providing former or current scholarship recipients as mentor or peer counselors, skills assessment, providing access to rigorous core courses that reflect challenging academic standards, personal counseling, family counseling and home visits, staff development, programs for students of limited English proficiency, and summer programs for remedial, developmental or supportive purposes.
For students who successfully complete the middle school and high school programs, there are scholarships available. In order to be eligible for this students must be less than 22 years of age and have participated in the early intervention component of the program. Not more than 10% of the students from a secondary school can be eligible, in a process requiring application and dependent in part on class rank. These students must attend in-state higher education institutes, unless the college or university provides for portability of funding. If so, students are required to complete a prescribed set of courses and maintain satisfactory progress. The scholarships provided must be no less than 75% of the average cost of attendance for an in-state student in a four-year program at a public institution, and no less than the maximum Federal Pell Grant for that fiscal year. However, the total award to any one student cannot exceed that student's cost of attending the school.
The program also allows a small percentage, only 0.75% to be used in assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of an entity's plan. When the program was passed in 1998, $200 million was appropriated for the following fiscal year, and for five years after. Since the passing of the bill, this program has been met with general approval. It was particularly successful in Connecticut. However, because each entity designs and implements unique plans, the results of the GEAR UP program have been varied.
Other programs.
Other programs amended include:
See also.
Student Aid Alliance

</doc>
<doc id="20641393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641393" title="Cynthia Dall">
Cynthia Dall

Cynthia Dall (born Cynthia Meggin Loya) (March 12, 1971 April 5, 2012), sometimes known as "Cindy Dall", was an American lo-fi musician and photographer. Dall also gained notoriety in the fanzine world of the 1990s for her frequent transgressive-styled cover shots and appearances in Lisa Carver's "Rollerderby" magazine.
Cindy was born in Roseville, California. She started recording and performing with then-boyfriend, Bill Callahan under his former moniker, Smog. She first appeared on the Smog song "Wine Stained Lips", which was a B-side to the 1994 "A Hit" 7" single. Cindy went on to contribute vocals and guitar on the "Burning Kingdom" EP, "Wild Love", and "The Doctor Came at Dawn", and she toured with Smog in the US and Europe in 1995. 
In 1996, Cindy released her first solo album, "Untitled". The original pressing of the LP had no artist name on the sleeve at the time, but Cindy's name was later added for re-pressings. The album features engineering work by Jim O'Rourke, and guitar and vocals by Bill Callahan. 
In 1998, she did the vocals for a remix of "Torture Day" by The Notwist.
In 2002, Cindy released her second album, "Sound Restores Young Men", which was recorded by O'Rourke and Tim Green of The Fucking Champs.
Cindy suffered from epilepsy. She also engaged in political activism around Sacramento, helping citizens register to vote. 
Cindy died at her home in 4th Avenue, Sacramento on April 5, 2012. According to her record label, she was in the process of working on demos for a new album of material.

</doc>
<doc id="20641411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641411" title="Richard Cousins">
Richard Cousins

Richard John Cousins (born 29 March 1959) is the chief executive officer of the world's largest foodservice company, the Compass Group, based in Chertsey, Surrey.
Early life.
He was born in Leeds, and grew up in Bracknell.
He did a BSc degree at the University of Sheffield in 1980. At Lancaster University Management School, he gained an MSc in Operational Research.
Career.
He began in the group operational research depart of Cadbury-Schweppes in 1981, being involved in market research and investment projects. In 1984 he joined BTR Industries, again in operational research. He became corporate planning manager for Newey and Eyre (now part of Hagemeyer UK), one of its subsidiaries and an electrical components firm. In 1990 he moved to BPB plc, the British firm which is the world's largest manufacturer of plasterboard and now owned by the French company Saint-Gobain, working in planning. From 1996-8, he was managing director of its Abertay Paper Sacks company at Bucksburn in Aberdeen. He became a group financial controller and president of the Canadian section of the business in 1998 before becoming chief executive in 2000. Under his leadership, he took the company into the FTSE 100, which transformed its market capitalization from £1bn to around £4bn. He sold BPB to Saint-Gobain for £3.9bn in December 2005, after a hostile takeover. 
He joined Compass in May 2006 as Group Chief Executive, taking over from Mike Bailey.
On 12 April 2011 he gave the Arena Savoy Lecture at London's Savoy Hotel.
Personal life.
He married Caroline Thorpe in 1982. They have two sons (born May 1992 and October 1994) and live in the Chilterns. He enjoys watching cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="20641423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641423" title="Jevšček">
Jevšček

Jevšček is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia, right on the border with Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20641427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641427" title="Jamber">
Jamber

Jambar (), also called Jambar Kalan is a small town and a Union Council near Phoolnagar in Punjab, Pakistan. It is a part of Pattoki Tehsil in Kasur District.
Location.
It lies on the N-5 about away from Phoolnagar and away from Lahore the capital of Punjab Province.
(Century paper & board mills)is near jamber.it is a progressing town.

</doc>
<doc id="20641463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641463" title="Tsukasa Hosaka">
Tsukasa Hosaka

Hosaka made several appearances for the Japan national football team, including qualifying matches for the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He also played at the 1964 Summer Olympics football competition in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20641470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641470" title="13039 Awashima">
13039 Awashima

13039 Awashima (1990 FK1) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on March 27, 1990 by Kin Endate and Kazuo Watanabe at Kitami Observatory in Hokkaido, Japan.
It named after a small island "Awashima" （粟島） in Niigata Prefecture, in Sea of Japan, and proposed by Shigemi Numazawa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20641474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641474" title="Pietro Candido Decembrio">
Pietro Candido Decembrio

Pietro (also known as Pier and Piero) Candido Decembrio (in Latin, Petrus Candidus Decembrius) (1399–1477) was a well-known Italian humanist and author of the Renaissance, and one of those involved in the rediscovery of ancient literature.
The son of the humanist Uberto Decembrio, he was born in Pavia, and named after his father's employer Peter of Candia. He was a pupil of his father's friend and teacher Manuel Chrysoloras in Florence. In 1419 he became secretary to Filippo Maria Visconti, Duke of Milan, and served in this post for nearly thirty years, continuing as secretary of the Ambrosian Republic after the Duke's death. When Francesco Sforza came to power in the city, Decembrio lost his position. He then found work in the chancery of Pope Nicholas V, but with several other humanists, he left after the accession of Pope Callixtus III and travelled instead to the Neapolitan court of Alfonso the Great of Aragon.
After Alfonso's death in 1458 he returned to Rome as secretary to Pius II and then to Milan in 1460. In 1466 he was granted a pension by the Duke of Ferarra. In 1477 he died in Milan and is buried in the Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio.
He produced a Latin version of Plato's "Republic" and attempted a continuation of Virgil's "Aeneid". His grave lists 127 works.

</doc>
<doc id="20641486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641486" title="Mutual coherence (linear algebra)">
Mutual coherence (linear algebra)

In linear algebra, the coherence or mutual coherence of a matrix "A" is defined as the maximum absolute value of the cross-correlations between the columns of "A".
Formally, let formula_1 be the columns of the matrix "A", which are assumed to be normalized such that formula_2 The mutual coherence of "A" is then defined as
A lower bound is 
A deterministic matrix with the mutual coherence almost meeting the lower bound can be constructed by Weil's theorem.
The concept was introduced in a slightly less general framework by Donoho and Huo, and has since been used extensively in the field of sparse representations of signals. In particular, it is used as a measure of the ability of suboptimal algorithms such as matching pursuit and basis pursuit to correctly identify the true representation of a sparse signal.

</doc>
<doc id="20641487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641487" title="Communauté de communes Seine-Austreberthe">
Communauté de communes Seine-Austreberthe

The Communauté de communes of Seine-Austreberthe is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" in the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The Agglomeration community comprises the following 14 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20641492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641492" title="Jezerca">
Jezerca

Jezerca () is a small settlement above the town of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20641497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641497" title="2009 J. League Division 1">
2009 J. League Division 1

The 2009 J. League Division 1 season is the 45th season of the top-flight club football in Japan and the 17th season since the establishment of J1 League. The season started on March 7, 2009 and ended on December 5, 2009.
A total of eighteen clubs participated in double round-robin format. At the end of the season, top three clubs received automatic qualification to the following years' AFC Champions League. Also starting this season, the bottom three clubs were relegated to J2 League by default.
Participating Clubs.
The following eighteen clubs will play in J. League Division 1 during the 2009 season. Of these clubs, Sanfrecce Hiroshima and Montedio Yamagata are the newly promoted clubs.
League Format.
Eighteen clubs will play in double round-robin (home and away) format, a total of 34 games each. A club receives 3 points for a win, 1 point for a tie, and 0 points for a loss. The clubs are ranked by points, and tie breakers are, in the following order: 
A draw would be conducted, if necessary. However, if two clubs are tied at the first place, both clubs will be declared as the champions. The bottom three clubs will be relegated to J2. The top three clubs will qualify to AFC Champions League in the following year.
Top scorers.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20641504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641504" title="Edier Frejd">
Edier Frejd

Edier Frejd (born 16 December 1979) is a Colombian-born Swedish footballer who plays for Sandnes Ulf.
Frejd previously played for IF Elfsborg and GAIS in the Allsvenskan and UD Las Palmas in the Segunda División.

</doc>
<doc id="20641508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641508" title="Human Terrain Teams">
Human Terrain Teams

Human Terrain Teams are an organizational innovation intended to improve the U.S. military's capacity to acquire "sociocultural knowledge" in conditions of irregular warfare. Although the Human Terrain System, the larger organization that has responsibility for creating, educating, fielding, and learning from the human terrain teams, has been described elsewhere on wikipedia, little has been written on wikipedia about the human terrain teams themselves. A recently published book by Christopher J. Lamb, James Douglas Orton, Michael Davies, and Theodore Pikulsky—Human Terrain Teams: An Organizational Innovation for Sociocultural Knowledge in Irregular Warfare—focuses attention on the 81 human terrain teams deployed to Afghanistan between 2007 and 2012. The discussion of human terrain teams—especially the known determinants of their effectiveness and ineffectiveness—needs to continue.

</doc>
<doc id="20641514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641514" title="Boschniakia hookeri">
Boschniakia hookeri

Boschniakia hookeri is a species of parasitic plant in the broomrape family known by the common names Vancouver groundcone and small groundcone. 
It is native to western North America from British Columbia to northern California, where it grows in wooded areas. It is a parasite of salal bushes, which it parasitizes by penetrating them with haustoria to tap nutrients. The groundcone is visible aboveground as a purplish, brown, or yellowish cone-shaped inflorescence 3 to 6 centimeters long. Pale-colored flowers emerge from between the overlapping bracts. Coastal aboriginal groups ate the potato-like stembase of Ground Cones raw, though usually as a snack and not in any quantity [http://www.northernbushcraft.com/plants/groundCone/notes.htm].

</doc>
<doc id="20641517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641517" title="Estadio Osvaldo Roberto">
Estadio Osvaldo Roberto

The Estadio Osvaldo Roberto (also known as Parque Osvaldo Roberto) is a football stadium located in Montevideo, Uruguay, in the Sayago neighborhood at the intersection of Ave. Sayago and Ave. Millan streets. The stadium's capacity is 8,500 people. It is the home ground of Racing Club de Montevideo. The stadium was opened in 1941. 
The stadium is named after the founder and a former player of Racing Club de Montevideo, Osvaldo Roberto.

</doc>
<doc id="20641546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641546" title="Jorge Anckermann">
Jorge Anckermann

Jorge Anckermann (Havana, 22 March 1877 – 3 February 1941) was a Cuban pianist, composer and bandleader. He started in music at eight with his father. At ten he was able to substitute in a trio. In 1892, he went to Mexico as musical director of the bufo company of Nachos Lopez, visiting various Mexican states, and also touring California.
Anckermann lived in Mexico City for a number of years, teaching music. In Cuba, he was for many years the musical director of leading theatres. He composed and produced pieces for zarzuelas, reviews and comedies. He also composed boleros, and was apparently the originator of the guajira. The grand theatre "Alhambra" was the scene of his greatest hits, such as "La isla de cotorras". Famous pieces include "El arroyo que murmura"; "El quitrín"; "Flor de Yumurí"; "Un bolero en la noche".

</doc>
<doc id="20641583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641583" title="2009 Malaysia Premier League">
2009 Malaysia Premier League

The Premier League Malaysia 2009 was the sixteenth season of the Premier League Malaysia, Malaysia's second tier football league. It began in January 2009 and will have 14 teams playing for promotion to the recently expanded Super League Malaysia.
The following teams will participate:
¹ - Relegated from Super League Malaysia<br>² - Promoted from National League Malaysia
League table.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="20641588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641588" title="Ryuzo Hiraki">
Ryuzo Hiraki

Ryuzo Hiraki (平木隆三 "Hiraki Ryūzō"; October 7, 1931 – January 2, 2009) was a Japanese football player and manager. He was part of the Japan national team for the 1956 Summer Olympics football competition in Melbourne and 1964 Summer Olympics football competition in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20641601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641601" title="Emirgan Park">
Emirgan Park

The Emirgan Park ( or rarely "Emirgan Parkı") is a historical urban park located at the Emirgan neighbourhood in the Sarıyer district of Istanbul, Turkey, on the European coast of the Bosphorus. It is one of the largest public parks in Istanbul.
History.
In the Byzantine era, the entire area, where today the park stretches, was covered with cypress trees and known as "Kyparades" or "Cypress Forest". It became known as "Feridun Bey Park", when the uninhabited land was granted in the mid-16th century to Nişancı Feridun Bey, a Lord Chancellor in rank in the Ottoman Empire.
In the 17th century, Ottoman sultan Murad IV (reigned 1623-1640) presented the estate to Emir Gûne Han, a Safavid Persian commander, who surrendered his sieged castle without any resistance, and followed him back to Istanbul. The name "Feridun Bey Park" was changed to "Emirgûne", which in time became corrupted to "Emirgan".
During the centuries, the estate's owner changed several times, and by the end of the 1860s, it was owned by Khedive Ismail Pasha (reigned 1863-1879), Ottoman governor of Egypt and Sudan. The area was used as the backyard of a large wooden yalı that he built on the shore of the Bosphorus. Further, he built within the park area three wooden pavilions, which still exist.
The heirs of the Khedive's family sold the estate in the 1930s to Satvet Lütfi Tozan, a wealthy Turkish arms dealer, who granted the park grounds, the three pavilions included, later in the 1940s to the City of Istanbul during office of Governor and Mayor Lütfi Kırdar (1938-1949).
The park today.
The park, owned and administered today by the Metropolitan Municipality of Istanbul, covers an area of on a hillside, and is enclosed by high walls.
Inside the park with two decorative ponds are plants of more than 120 species. The most notable rare trees of the park's flora are: Stone Pine, Turkish pine, Aleppo Pine, Blue Pine, Eastern White Pine, Maritime Pine, Japanese Cedar, Norway Spruce, Blue Spruce, Atlas Cedar, Lebanon Cedar, Himalayan cedar, Beech, Ash tree, Sapindus, Babylon Willow, Hungarian Oak, Colorado White Fir, Maidenhair tree, California incense-cedar, Coast Redwood and Camphor tree.
Many jogging tracks and picnic tables make the Emirgan Park a very popular recreation area for the local people, especially during the weekends and holidays. The three historic pavilions, called after their exterior color as the Yellow Pavilion, the Pink Pavilion and the White Pavilion were restored in time between 1979-1983 by the Touring and Automobile Club of Turkey under its CEO Çelik Gülersoy, and opened to the public as cafeteria and restaurant.
The Emirgan Park is closely associated with the tulip, the traditional flower, which gave its name to an era (1718-1730) of the Ottoman Empire. A special garden was established in Emirgan Park in the 1960s to revive the city's tradition of tulip cultivation. Since 2005, an annual international tulip festival is organized here every April making the park attractive and very colorful with these flowers.
Yellow Pavilion.
The Yellow Pavilion () is a large wooden mansion in the form of a chalet built by Khedive Ismail Pasha between 1871-1878 as a hunting lodge and guest house.
Situated in the center of the park and overlooking the Bosphorus, the two-storey mansion with one balcony, one terrace and a basement is constructed on an area of . It consists of four rooms, one hall and a kitchen in the lower floor and three rooms and one salon in the upper floor. Its layout reflects the architecture of the traditional Ottoman house with a salon encircled by many living rooms. The ornaments at the ceilings and the walls were the work of the court architect Sarkis Balyan. The ceilings are enriched with oil painted flower figures and the facades with outstanding carvings. The high doors and windows, as well as the opulent interior decorations in bright colors reflect the glory of that era. A pond is situated to the northeast, next to the mansion.
Used only by the owners from the very beginning, the pavilion was restored within four months in the beginning of the 1980s with due diligence, furnished with antiques and opened to the public as a cafeteria. The Yellow Pavilion, the main base of the park, is run since 1997 by Beltur, the tourism company of the Metropolitan Municipality of Istanbul. Up to 100 guests can be served at the premise in summer and winter time.
Pink Pavilion.
The Pink Pavilion (), one of the three mansions in the park built by Khedive Ismail Pasha, is a two-storey, typical Ottoman house. Named after its exterior's original color of cranesbill flower pink, the pavilion reflects the glory of its history with fine ornaments.
The pavilion is used as a cafeteria on weekends. Furthermore, it available for conventions and wedding ceremonies. In the summer months, the premise can accommodate up to 350 guests, for cocktails up to 500 people. In the winter time, groups of up to 150 guests can be served.
White Pavilion.
The White Pavilion () is the third mansion within the Emirgan Park built by Khedive Ismail Pasha. It is only far from the Yellow Pavilion. The two-storey wooden building bears the architectural characteristics of the neo-classical style.
The mansion is used in the daytime as a cafeteria and in the evenings as a restaurant of Turkish-Ottoman cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="20641607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641607" title="12810 Okumiomote">
12810 Okumiomote

12810 Okumiomote (1996 BV) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on January 17, 1996 by Kin Endate and Kazuro Watanabe at Kitami Observatory in Hokkaido, Japan.
It named after the region "Okumiomote" （奥三面） in northern Niigata Prefecture, and proposed by Shigemi Numazawa. 

</doc>
<doc id="20641615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641615" title="2008 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series">
2008 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series

The 2008 Fujitsu V8 Supercars season was the ninth running of the Fujitsu V8 Supercars Series, the second-tier V8 Supercar series. It began on 21 February at the Clipsal 500 and ended on 7 December at Oran Park Raceway after seven rounds.
Race calendar.
The series consisted of six events in support to the 2008 V8 Supercar Championship Series and one stand-alone event.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers have competed during the 2008 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series.
Points system.
Points are awarded to any driver that completes 75% of race distance and is running on the completion of the final lap. These are the points awarded for each race.

</doc>
<doc id="20641620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641620" title="Calixte Duguay">
Calixte Duguay

Calixte Duguay, CM (born July 15, 1939) is a multi-disciplinarian Canadian Artist born in Sainte-Marie, Acadia, on Lamèque Island.
In 2009, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada "for the impact he has had on the Acadian and Canadian music scene as a writer, composer and singer".

</doc>
<doc id="20641642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641642" title="OSK Holdings Berhad">
OSK Holdings Berhad

OSK Holdings Berhad (OSK) () is a public company listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. Despite its public-listing status, it is 80.76% owned by individuals with the lion's share of it owned by its CEO Ong Leong Huat. After commencing business in 1963, the history of OSK has been characterised by four decades of positive growth with a reasonably sound track record despite several ownership changes. OSK has diversified away from its stockbroking business to include investment banking activities which is carried out under its investment bank subsidiary, OSK Investment Bank Berhad.
OSK offers stockbroking services, treasury products, corporate advisory, derivatives and structured products, offshore investment banking, asset management, trustee services, and Islamic banking services. It recently obtained a commercial banking licence in Cambodia and full fledged operations should begin soon barring unforeseen circumstances. OSK has been acknowledged as a cost-competitive financial services and investment banking service provider in Malaysia.
Its future remains relatively bright despite the current global economic downturn. A strategy based on conservatism and cost-leadership has not helped distinguish it from its peers but should ensure at least medium-term survival as Malaysia continues to liberalize its financial market thereby unlocking pockets of growth and releasing benefits from low-hanging fruits.
Regional Presence.
OSK has over 50 offices across Malaysia and has a presence in the following countries:
In April 2008, Bank Negara approved OSK’s plan to set up a commercial bank in Cambodia to undertake commercial banking activities. OSK Indochina Bank Ltd had on October 10, 2008 commenced commercial banking operations in Phnom Penh. The bank offers the full range of retail and commercial banking products and services as well as foreign exchange and capital market expertise.

</doc>
<doc id="20641647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641647" title="Sanlam">
Sanlam

Sanlam Limited is a South African financial services group with its head office in Cape Town in the Western Cape and business interests in Africa, Europe, India, the USA, Australia and South East Asia. Established in 1918, the group demutualised in 1998 and listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Limited and the Namibian Stock Exchange. Sanlam provides professional financial advice and financial products to individuals, businesses and institutions.
History.
In December 1917 a small group of Afrikaners and a Scot met in the Royal Hotel in Cape Town to discuss the founding of an insurance company that would attract capital through policyholders' premiums. Suid-Afrikaanse Nasionale Trust en Assuransie Maatskappij (Santam) was registered on 28 March 1918. However, before Santam was even registered it was decided to convert the life assurance department to a separate company to ensure that long-term profits, payable to policyholders would be separated from short-term profits payable to shareholders. The Suid-Afrikaanse Nasionale Lewens Assuransie Maatskappij Beperk, Sanlam, was registered on 8 June 1918. Sanlam, the subsidiary, consequently became the spearhead of the operation, while Santam remained focused on short-term insurance.
During its first decade, Sanlam's income came mainly from the rural areas. In the late twenties it ventured more actively into the cities. In 1935 Sanlam bought the shares of the life assurance company African Homes Trust (now Metropolitan Life) from Santam. In 1940 Federale Volksbeleggings (FVB) was registered, giving policy owners a stake in a large number of commercial and industrial companies and providing them with the opportunity to contribute towards broad-based development, to their benefit, but also to the benefit of SA and all its people. The foundation of FVB eventually led to the foundation of home-grown industrial and mining giant Gencor in the 1950s. In 1946 Bonuskor was registered for the re-investment of policy bonuses, allowing Sanlam to mobilise capital for the development of Afrikaner businesses.
Santam remained the controlling shareholder, but after protracted negotiations in the 1950’s became an independent mutual life assurance company on 8 March 1954, as well as the largest single shareholder in Santam. In 1960 Sankor was formed to undertake further development projects when Bonuskor's capital totalled R10 million.
During the 1990’s Sanlam's focus gradually shifted from life insurance to providing a broader range of financial products and services. In 1998 Sanlam demutualised, listing on the JSE Securities Exchange as well as the Namibian Stock Exchange on 30 November 1998. This changed Sanlam from a mutual entity into a public company with a share capital, namely Sanlam Life Insurance Ltd. At the same time a separate company, Sanlam Ltd, was installed as the parent company of the Sanlam group of businesses. The Group was also restructured into several independent businesses within a federal business structure.
Operations.
The Sanlam Group conducts its business through a corporate head office and four business clusters. The corporate head office is responsible for the group's centralised functions such as strategic direction, financial and risk management, marketing and communications, group human resources and corporate social investment (CSI).
Sanlam Personal Finance is responsible for Sanlam’s retail business. It provides clients across all market segments (entry-level, middle and affluent) with a range of financial solutions. Businesses include Sanlam Sky Solutions, Sanlam Individual Life and Segment Solutions, Glacier, Sanlam Trust, Sanlam Liquid, Sanlam Healthcare Management (85%), Sanlam Linked Investments, Sanlam Personal Loans (70%), Reality (Loyalty Programme) and Anglo African Finance (75%).
Sanlam Emerging Markets is responsible for Sanlam's financial business services in emerging markets outside South Africa. Businesses include: Botswana Life (54%), Sanlam Life (Namibia), Sanlam Namibia Holdings (54%), NICO Life (Malawi) (49%), Pan Africa Life (Kenya) (50%), African Life (Tanzania) (64%), African Life (Zambia) (70%), Entreprise Life Assurance (Ghana) (49%), Sanlam Life (Uganda), FBN Life (Nigeria) (35%), Shriram Life (India) (26%), SIM Kenya (72%), SIM Capital Alliance (Nigeria) (50%), SIM Namibia (86%), Botswana Insurance Fund Management (54%), SIM Swaziland (65%)and Pacific & Orient Insurance Co. Berhad (POI) (49%).
Sanlam Investments provides investment and risk management products to individual and institutional clients in South Africa, the UK and elsewhere in Europe, the United States and Australia. South African operations include: Sanlam Investment Management, Sanlam Private Investments, SIM Global, Sanlam International Investment Partners, Sanlam Capital Markets, Sanlam Private Equity, Sanlam Structured Solutions , Sanlam Properties, Sanlam Employee Benefits, Sanlam Group Risk, Sanlam Multi Management, Sanlam Collective Investments, Graviton, Blue Ink. Australia: Calibre Investments (40%). United Kingdom and Ireland: Merchant Securities Group (75%), Summit Trust (65%), Sanlam Asset Management Ireland, Sanlam UK.
Sanlam also has an effective 60% interest in Santam, a short-term insurer with a 23% market share.
Recent news.
Sanlam posted a 43% rise in its first-half earnings in September 2013 after the firm reported successes from its new businesses in Malaysia and India.

</doc>
<doc id="20641684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641684" title="Hisao Kami">
Hisao Kami

In 1972 he retired from playing for his club, Yawata Steel, in which he had been one of the most successful stars, but as their manager in 1980-83 and 1987-89 he oversaw a downward spiral as the once-great club, former Emperor's Cup winners and contenders for the Japan Soccer League title, were relegated to Division 2 and, a decade later, to the Kyushu regional league, where they would stay until their demise in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20641705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641705" title="Spice (wrestling)">
Spice (wrestling)

Melissa Anne Grill Petersen ("née" Grill, formerly Bellin born May 29, 1973), also known by her ring name Spice, is a former member of World Championship Wrestling's Nitro Girls dance team. She also worked for WCW as a valet and wrestler.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career.
She attended classes at Life Chiropractic University in Atlanta, Georgia and West Chester University of Pennsylvania. Before joining World Championship Wrestling, she was a waitress, bartender, model, aerobics instructor and personal trainer.
World Championship Wrestling.
On July 14, 1997 she joined the WCW Nitro Girls as Nitro Girl Spice. 
On November 1, 1999, she began feuding with fellow Nitro Girl A.C. Jazz over control of the group after founder Kimberly left the group. Jazz soon left WCW and was replaced in the feud by Tygress, who began challenging Spice. On the November 22, 1999 edition of "WCW Monday Nitro", Spice and Tygress wrestled to a no-contest. After the match, Tygress and Skye painted Spice's face with make-up. 
On the December 13, 1999 edition of "Nitro", Madusa caught Evan Karagias flirting with Spice. This led to a match between the two women later in the show that ended with Spice pinning Madusa. Spice then began managing Evan Karagias. At the 1999 "Starrcade" pay-per-view, Spice accompanied Karagias for his WCW Cruiserweight Championship match against Madusa. Late into the match, Spice distracted and low-blowed Karagias, allowing Madusa to win the match and the title. Spice left the ring with Madusa and managed her for about one month before returning to the Nitro Girls as a dancer.
WCW also used her extensively for publicity and promotional work. Before leaving WCW in 2000, she appeared in the non-nude Nitro Girls pictorial in "Penthouse" magazine.
Recent activities.
After leaving WCW Bellin became a member of the pop music group Diversity 5 with other ex-Nitro Girls. She has formal training in ballet, modern and jazz dancing, but found a love for hip hop/street dancing in her teens. She has danced for many teams, including Reebok's national performance team. She also danced in several music videos, for artists such as R. Kelly and The Graveyards. She choreographed for many groups like the WCW Nitro Girls, D.C. Dancers, Reebok, Miss Fitness USA competitors and various other production companies.
Personal life.
She now works as a chiropractor in Atlanta. She is married and has a son. She is the owner and developer of Flow Unlimited, a Living Wellness Coaching and Consulting Company dedicated to energizing, educating, and enlightening people on their journey of optimal healthy living.

</doc>
<doc id="20641717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641717" title="St. Xavier's School, Durgapur">
St. Xavier's School, Durgapur

St. Xavier's School, Durgapur, is a school in Durgapur, West Bengal, India. The school was established in 1963 and is managed by Headmaster Reverend Father Zenith William, S.J. Rev. Fr. A.Wautier S.J. from Belgium was the chief architect in bringing the school to completion.
History.
In 1960, Mr. Bell, the then GM of Hindustan Steel Ltd. (now known as Durgapur Steel Plant), requested the Jesuit provincial Fr. R. Anthoine to establish a school in Durgapur. He offered a small plot of land at the crossing of Sarat Chandra Avenue and Kalidas Road for the purpose. However, finding it inadequate, the Provincial declined the offer.
A few years later, Mr. A.N. Lahiri, GM of HEC (later known as MAMC) contacted Frs. Van Exem and Drugman in Asansol and offered a shed in the Ophthalmic Factory for a school. St. Xavier’s School, Durgapur was first established there in May 1963.
On 14 September 1963 the school was transferred to a small Primary School building in the HEC (MAMC) Township. The Jesuit Provincial declared that since no land was made available for St. Xavier’s School, Durgapur, the Jesuits would be bound to close the school before taking the responsibility of higher classes, and leave Durgapur.
In mid 1964, Mr.L.Donnelly, the deputy Managing Director of AVB contacted the provincial and informed that if the Jesuits agreed, he would request the West Bengal Government to hand over of land leased to AVB for a school run by the Jesuit Fathers.
Meanwhile, in 1964 the Sisters of Apostolic Carmel opened a school for girls. In time, when the sisters raised their school to a high school, St. Xavier’s became a boy’s-only school around 1969, until then St. Xavier’s had both boys and girls.
In January 1965, a three-year contract was signed between the Calcutta Jesuit Province and the MAMC authorities to run a Bengali medium school, the then High School in MAMC Township, fully sponsored by the MAMC concern. A few days before the expiry of the contact, the Jesuit Provincial was informed that the contract would not be renewed by the MAMC authorities.
On 18 February 1966 the foundation stone of the present St. Xavier’s building was laid by Dr Dharmasey M. Khatau, Chairman, AVB, on a plot of land adjacent to AVB Colony (a residential township for AVB employees), leased by the government of West Bengal to the Calcutta Province of Jesuits for 997 years. In January 1967, St. Xavier’s School was transferred from the MAMC Primary School to the new and permanent building at AVB Colony - which was later known as ABL Townahip.
Fr. J. Dubois was the first Headmaster at the time of the opening of this English Medium School. (The present headmaster and prefect are Fr. Zenith William SJ and Fr.Thamacin respectively)
Concurrently to the main school in MAMC and AVB, a primary school-part of the main school- was started in Hindustan Steel Ltd. (later called DSP), in 1964 in Tagore House. After a few months, the school was transferred to a Primary School building of DSP at Lala Lajpat Rai Road. In 1971, the school was transferred to their own building at Mirabai Road. 
In 2001, on the expiry of the 30 years lease, the DSP authorities demanded a large sum of money for further lease, and the Jesuits decided to move out of DSP after a five years grace period. The then Headmaster tried his best to get a piece of land near the Bidhan Nagar close to the present main school for relocation of the primary wing so as to separate the secondary and eventually a 10+2 section, but this proved futile. In 2004 June, a new wing was begun in the main campus and in 2006 May the Primary wing from Mirabai section was shifted to the new building.
St. Xavier’s School Durgapur has classes up to std. X with a preparatory class(KG)along with an upcoming std.XI and XII to begin by 2013. With the exception of class 10, each class has four sections, with a classroom for each section. Previously there used to be a second campus on Mirabai Road as a part of the primary section but a few years back the whole campus was in ABL township. It is an English Medium School and affiliated to the Council for Indian Certificate of Secondary Education, New Delhi. Admissions to KG are in December every year; admissions to classes 1 to 8 in March as and when vacancies arise. The academic session is from April to March.
Campus.
The school campus covers over 160000 square metres of land, with more than one third of it occupied by dense greenery, consisting of deciduous and evergreen tropical trees. The school has a football ground, an auditorium, a badminton, volleyball, a basketball court, a multigym, a meditation room as well as a table tennis court and ample unbuilt space.
Curriculum.
The school follows the ICSE syllabus. The subjects include Science, Maths, English, and has the provision of Hindi and Bengali under the category of languages. The extra subject which is taught is Computer Applications. The school has computer labs. The school also has introduced elocution, debate, quiz, essay writing, painting etc. Co-curricualr activities include cultural committee, sports and games committee, quiz club, English literary club, Bengali literary club, computer club, Nature club and Hindi literary club. Computer is taught as a separate subject, taking part in the Inter Jesuit Elocution and Extempore Competition every year.
The school will celebrate its golden jubilee in 2013 and will be upgraded to class XI and XII.
Extracurricular activities.
St.Xavier's has a school football team that participates in the Inter School Football Tournament of Durgapur every year.It also has an Elocution team which participates in elocution competitions and a school choir.

</doc>
<doc id="20641728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641728" title="R618 road (Ireland)">
R618 road (Ireland)

The R618 road is a regional road in Ireland which runs west-east from the N22 in Macroom along the northern banks of the River Lee to rejoin the N22 at "Carrigrohane" near Cork City. The road passes through Carrigadrohid, Coachford and Dripsey en route. The point where the R618 leaves the N22 on the outskirts of Cork is known as "Kerry Pike". The road was once part of the main route between Cork and Kerry.
The road is long.

</doc>
<doc id="20641731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641731" title="Nathaniel Wedderburn">
Nathaniel Wedderburn

Nathaniel Carl Wedderburn (born 30 June 1991 in Wolverhampton) is an English footballer for Scottish Championship side Cowdenbeath, as a midfielder. He can also play as a centre-back.
Career.
Stoke City.
Wedderburn won academy player of the year at Stoke City in his first season at the Potters, playing regularly with the youth team and reserves, he also travelled with the first team during this season but not making the bench. Second season as an academy player saw him take the captains armband for the season, during this season he was named on the bench in every League cup game but not making his debut. After some impressive performances in Stoke's Academy side which saw Wedderburn sign his first Professional contract at Stoke lasting 1 and a half years. After this, he moved to Notts County on loan. Wedderburn made his league debut whilst on loan at Notts County on 6 December 2008, playing in the 1–0 home win over Morecambe. After extending his loan spell for the second time before 25 January 2009, his loan spell was, once again, extended until 3 March 2009. He went on to make a further 9 league appearances for County before returning to Stoke in March 2009.
On 17 September 2009, Wedderburn was called up to the England Under 19 squad three European U19 Championship qualifiers in October 2009. Wedderburn signed on loan for Hereford United in November 2009. After making three appearance, Wedderburn return to his parent club. Wedderburn was released by Stoke at the end of the 2009–10 season.
Northampton Town.
Following his release from Stoke, Wedderburn signed for League Two side Northampton Town on a two-year contract. After joining the club, Wedderburn says Manager Ian Sampson was the reason he joined the "Cobblers".
He made his debut for the club, on 14 August 2010, in a 1–1 draw with Accrington Stanley. In the second round of League Cup, Wedderburn made assist from the corner to allow Andy Holt equalise against Reading and the match would go in a penalty-shootout after a tie 3–13 in the regular time and kept after extra-time, but in the end, Northampton won 4–3 on penalties. In 2010–11 season, Wedderburn made thirty-seven appearance in all competitions.
In 2011–12 season, under new manager Gary Johnson and Aidy Boothroyd, Wedderburn playing time was widely used, as he made two appearance. The main factor was suffering injuries like two sets of ruptured ankle ligaments, a hamstring injury and two calf strains. After making a recovery from an ankle injury, Manager Johnson placed him on loan list to gain first team experience. In January transfer Window, Wedderburn was expected to leave the club, but no avail. Wedderburn was frozen out of the first team by Johnson; instead, spent time on the bench. Wedderburn played his first match since September, in a 3–1 loss against Crawley Town on 17 April 2012 (this turns out to be his last appearance). After the match, he thought his Northampton's career had ended, having receiving bad luck in the 2011–12 season and delighted to make his return.
In May 2012, Wedderburn was released from Northampton after being told his contract would not be renewed.
Corby Town.
On 13 August 2012, Corby Town, and former Northampton Town boss, Ian Sampson announced in a post match interview that he was hoping to secure the signing of Wedderburn before the start of the league season.
Cowdenbeath.
In July 2013, Wedderburn signed for Scottish First Division side Cowdenbeath after a trial spell.

</doc>
<doc id="20641745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641745" title="Konkuk University Law School">
Konkuk University Law School

Konkuk University Law School (also known as Konkuk Law School or KU Law, Korean:건국대학교 법학전문대학원) is one of the professional graduate schools of Konkuk University, formerly known as the College of Law. Located in Seoul, Republic of Korea, it is one of the 25 government approved law schools. It has the lowest student to faculty ratio in the country. It plans to specialize in real estates law and offers scholarship to all students. 50% of the students will receive half scholarship and the other 50% of the students will get full scholarship.
History.
Dr. You Suk Chang established the Chosun Political Science School in 1946 and later became Konkuk University in 1959. In 1954 the College of Law was established. The College graduated around 8,000 students since its founding. In 2009, the College of Law was changed to law school and no longer accepts undergraduates.
Admission.
Admission to Konkuk Law is highly selective: For the class entering in 2009, there were approximately 304 applicants, of which 40 were admitted. 22 applicants had a perfect TOEIC score and the median composite LEET score was around 115. The applicants were varied; there were many who come from U.S. and Canadian universities as well as U.S. licensed attorneys. About 2/3 were male.
The applicants were evaluated based on their undergraduate GPA, LEET (standardized law school admission exam), admissions essays and personal/case interviews. Konkuk Law also gave one and half hour written exam which tests the applicants analytical skills. Interviews were conducted by five faculty members who evaluate the applicant's personal merit and logical skills.
Seoul National University produced the largest number of acceptance- twelve, followed by Yonsei University, eleven and Korea University and Ewha Woman's University each producing two. Sogang University, Hongik University, Chung-Ang University, Sookmyung Women's University, Pusan National University, George Washington University, University of California, Berkeley each had one acceptance.
Interestingly, only 15% of them majored in law as undergraduate- the percentage of L.L.B (bachelor of law), those who studied law in college is much higher in other schools, such as Korea University where the ratio was 59%. The overall percentage of LLB in all schools is 33.7%.
Programs.
The school has an exchange program with Chicago-Kent.
Scholarship.
A half of each class of the JD program receive scholarship that cover the full tuition. The other half receive scholarship that covers half of the tuition.
Facility.
The Law Building.
The law building consists of one underground level and five over ground levels and contains 4,400 square meters of space.
The Law Library.
The first floor contains monographs and law books and the second floor contains government publications and other research materials.
Iluhun.
Iluhun (Korean:일우헌) is a university's residential hall for the students preparing for the goshi(national examinations, Korean:고시).

</doc>
<doc id="20641777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641777" title="Jesus de Huenuraquí">
Jesus de Huenuraquí

Jesus de Huenuraquí was a Spanish fort on heights to the north of the north bank of the Bio Bio River, next to the site of the modern rail station of Huenuraquí, in the commune of San Rosendo. It is eight kilometers west of San Rosendo and ten kilometers south of the town of Rere, Chile.
Fort de Jesus was erected in 1593 by Governor Martín García Oñez de Loyola jointly with the fort of Chivicura across the Bio Bio on the south bank. They were erected to secure the communications of the city of Santa Cruz de Coya in Catirai. Both forts and the city were destroyed by the Moluche in 1599. Fort de Jesus was rebuilt by Alonso de Ribera in 1602 as "Fuerte de Huenuraquí" as part of the fort system of La Frontera. The Mapudungun name comes from "huenu", "above", and from "raqui", the Moluche sound for the voice of the bird that in Chile is called the "bandurria", the Black-faced Ibis.

</doc>
<doc id="20641778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641778" title="Gerhard Thäter">
Gerhard Thäter

Gerhard Thäter (born 18 November 1916 in Kiel, died 15 February 2004 in Wilhelmshaven) was a German naval officer.
Entering the Kriegsmarine in 1936 he served in the submarine branch and as commander of "U-466" and "U-3506" saw action during the Second World War.
When the Federal Republic of Germany established her own armed forces in 1956, Thäter joined the German Navy again. In the course of his service he was made Naval Attaché to West Germany's embassy at Ottawa, Canada.
On 15 February 2004 Thäter died in Wilhelmshaven, Germany.
Awards.
Gerhard Thäter's awards include the German Cross in Gold for repeated acts of bravery, the Iron Cross Second Class, and the U-Boat War Badge.

</doc>
<doc id="20641785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641785" title="Shozo Tsugitani">
Shozo Tsugitani


</doc>
<doc id="20641786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641786" title="Southern Military Command">
Southern Military Command

The Southern Military Command is one of seven Military Commands of the Brazilian Army. The Southern Military Command or ""Comando Militar do Sul"" (CMS) is responsible for the defence of the states of Rio Grande do Sul, Paraná and Santa Catarina.

</doc>
<doc id="20641802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641802" title="Shlomo Cohen">
Shlomo Cohen

Shlomo Cohen () (born on 15 June 1941) is an Israeli diplomat. He served as Israel's ambassador to Venezuela until Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez decided to break diplomatic relations with Israel in January 2009 in the wake of the Gaza War.
Biography.
Education.
Cohen studied Political Science and Eastern Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, earning a doctorate in Political Science and History.
In addition to Hebrew, he speaks fluent English, French and Spanish.
Career in the Foreign Ministry.
Cohen has an extensive diplomatic career that began in 1965 when he joined the diplomatic service. Between 1965 and 1968 he was a member of the Israeli delegation in Nepal as the Third Secretary. Between 1968 and 1974 he was the Second Secretary for Economic Affairs in Mexico. Between 1978 and 1983 he served as Advisor on Political Affairs in Uruguay and as a non-resident advisor in Paraguay.
Later, between 1986 and 1990 he served as Ambassador to Honduras. Between 1993 and 2001 he was the Israeli Ambassador to Guatemala and concurrently the Ambassador to Nicaragua and Honduras.
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Israel he served, among other roles, as General Director of the "Israel-Ibero American Cultural Institute" (2001–2003), "Department for Latin America 1" (Central America, Mexico and the Caribbean), Deputy Director of the "Department of Training", as well as additional duties in the Department of Human Resources.
From 2003 he was the senior representative of Israel in Venezuela as well as the Concurrent Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago, Suriname, Barbados and Guyana.
He was expelled by Veneuzuelan President Chavez on January 6, 2009 in response to the Israeli invasion of Gaza.

</doc>
<doc id="20641815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641815" title="Siege of Kehl (1733)">
Siege of Kehl (1733)

The Siege of Kehl (14–28 October 1733) was one of the opening moves of the French Rhineland campaign in the War of the Polish Succession, at the fortress town of Kehl in the upper Rhine River valley. A large French army under the command of the Duke of Berwick besieged and captured the fortress, which was lightly garrisoned and in poor condition.
Context.
On the death of Augustus II on 1 February 1733, the Polish throne was claimed by both his son, Augustus III, and by Stanislas I, father in law of Louis XV. Whilst a body double ostensibly left Brest by sea, Stanilas crossed Germany incognito and arrived at Warsaw on 8 September. On 12 September Stanislas was elected king of Poland by the diet.
On his election Russia and Austria (backing Augustus III) invaded Poland. By 22 September Stanislas, who did not have a proper army, had to take refuge in Danzig (now known as Gdansk), there to await the French help he had been promised. On 5 October, Augustus III was proclaimed king under protection from Russian forces at Warsaw. Great Britain, the Dutch Republic, Sweden, Denmark and the Republic of Venice recognised that Austro-Russian aggression against Poland was the casus belli and pledged to remain neutral. Spain, coveting the Kingdom of Naples and Sardinia, which coveted the Duchy of Milan, sided with France.
Louis XV's courtiers (including the princes of Conti and Eu, the counts of Clermont, Charolais and Belle-Isle, the duc de Richelieu, but also Maurice de Saxe, Augustus III's half-brother and the former lover of Anna Ivanovna, now the tsarina of Russia) joined up under marshal James FitzJames to form an army for invading the Rhineland with the objective of distracting Austria from events in Poland and gaining the Duchy of Lorraine.
Prelude.
The village and fortress of Kehl was located near the Margraviate of Baden (now part of the German state of Baden-Württemberg, but then part of the Holy Roman Empire), just across the Rhine River from the French city of Strasbourg. The fortress at Kehl, and that at Philippsburg to the north, provided strategic military control over major crossings of the upper Rhine, which formed the boundary between French-controlled Alsace and the various principalities of the empire.
Nominally the responsibility of the emperor, maintenance and defense of the fortress belonged to the Swabian Circle, which was largely dominated by the Duchy of Württemberg. Although some imperial troops were stationed there in January 1733, the commander of the fortress was the Württembergian lieutenant general Baron Johann August von Phull, and most of its garrison consisted of Swabian troops. When the war broke out, numerous works to repair and expand the fortress were underway, but key defenses near the Rhine were incomplete.
On 12 October, French troops under Belle-Isle and Silly marched into the Duchy of Lorraine and seized its capital, Nancy. Control over the remainder of Lorraine was rapidly established, and the two commanders left garrisons throughout the duchy before sending the bulk of their forces into Alsace to focus on the campaign on the Rhine.
Also on 12 October, Berwick ordered troops from the Strasbourg encampment to cross the Rhine. At a point near Auenheim, about below Kehl, they constructed a ship bridge and crossed 4,000 men to the east bank. Near Goldscheuer, above the fortress, they began constructing another bridge. Two days later, the bulk of the Berwick's army had crossed the Rhine. General Phull, when the French began their movements, destroyed the bridge between Kehl and Strasbourg, and also destroyed those houses and other buildings outside the fortress that might provide the attacking French any sort of shelter.
Siege.
Berwick first ordered the construction of a line of circumvallation. Local villagers were among those pressed into service for its construction, which was anchored at both ends by the Rhine, above and below the fortress. Berwick's quartermasters also made demands to the surrounding villages for the delivery of provisions to the besiegers. The Duke of Württemberg signed a supply agreement that he characterized in reports to the emperor as being concluded under the greatest duress.
By 17 October Berwick was ready to begin digging siege lines, and it became apparent to Phull that the fortress' river-facing hornwork was Berwick's target when the latter began construction of batteries on the island between Kehl and Strasbourg. On 18 October Phull issued detailed instructions to his commanders concerning the tactics of defense and retreat. The hornwork was to be held until it was either breached or its artillery rendered useless, at which point the defenders were to fall back first to the covered way between the hornwork and the main fortress, and then to the fortress proper.
The French began digging siege trenches on the night of 19 October. By 21 October the siege lines reached an unfinished lunette on the Rhine-facing side of the fortress, and the French began setting up a battery there on 23 October. The defenders were by this time reduced to musket fire and grenades, as most of their artillery had been dismounted or destroyed by enemy fire.
On 23 October the French opened fire not only on the hornwork, but also began battering the walls of the main fortress with cannon fire. After two failed assaults by Berwick's grenadiers, they succeeded in briefly occupying the hornwork; it was reoccupied by the Germans the next day. The defenders attempted a sortie against the French positions near the hornwork, but it was repulsed. By 27 October, the French had established numerous batteries and were mercilessly battering the main fortification. About 4 pm on 28 October, the French barrage started a fire on the hornwork that was severe enough that its commander requested permission from Phull to withdraw; this permission was granted. Phull then held a council, in which it was determined that only 500 men were combat-ready, and that the fortress might hold out at most three more days. Consequently Phull raised the white flag around 8 pm on 28 October.
The garrison marched out of the fortress on 31 October with the full honors of war, and was escorted to the imperial defense line at Ettlingen.
Aftermath.
The onset of bad weather ended the French campaign for the year, and Berwick, after consolidating his control over the area, quartered his troops for the winter on the French side of the Rhine. In 1734 Berwick continued the campaign down the Rhine, successfully flanking the Austrian defense line at Ettlingen, and continuing with the siege of Philippsburg, during which he was killed by a shell. That siege was successfully concluded by his second in command, the marquis d'Asfeld, and marked the end of significant military operations in the Rhine valley for the war. Pursuant to the 1738 Treaty of Vienna that ended the war, France eventually withdrew from Kehl and Philippsburg, but eventually annexed Lorraine.

</doc>
<doc id="20641825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641825" title="Boschniakia strobilacea">
Boschniakia strobilacea

Boschniakia strobilacea is a species of parasitic plant in the broomrape family known by the common name California groundcone. 
It is native to California and southern Oregon, where it grows in wooded areas and chaparral. It is a parasite of manzanitas and madrones, which it parasitizes by penetrating them with haustoria to tap nutrients. The groundcone is visible aboveground as a dark purplish or reddish to brown inflorescence up to 18 centimeters long. Pale-margined purple flowers emerge from between the overlapping bracts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20641830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641830" title="Chicagoland (disambiguation)">
Chicagoland (disambiguation)

Chicagoland is the Chicago metropolitan area.
Chicagoland may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20641885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641885" title="She Never Lets It Go to Her Heart">
She Never Lets It Go to Her Heart

"She Never Lets It Go to Her Heart" is a song written by Chris Waters and Tom Shapiro, and performed by American country music artist Tim McGraw. It was released in June 1996 as the fourth single from McGraw's "All I Want" album. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
Single and album edits.
The single edit to "She Never Lets It Go to Her Heart," released for retail sale and radio airplay, features an alternate vocal track by McGraw that is slightly different than that of the original album version. In addition, the backing vocals were remixed, eliminating the "stereo width" effect heard in the album version.
Chart performance.
"She Never Lets It Go to Her Heart" debuted at number 73 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of June 22, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20641886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641886" title="Electoral district of Queenborough">
Electoral district of Queenborough

The Electoral district of Queenborough was an electoral district of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was based in the southern suburbs of Tasmania's capital city, Hobart, in particular Sandy Bay, and surrounding districts such as Cascades, Taroona and Kingston.
The seat was created as a single-member seat ahead of the Assembly's first election held in 1856. It was abolished at the 1886 election when neighbouring Kingborough became a two-member seat.
The seat was then recreated as a single-member seat at the 1897 state election and was abolished when the Tasmanian parliament adopted the Hare-Clark electoral model for the entire state in 1909.
Members for Queenborough.
First incarnation: 1856–1886
Second incarnation: 1897–1909

</doc>
<doc id="20641888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641888" title="Tripartite Declaration of 1950">
Tripartite Declaration of 1950

The Tripartite Declaration of 1950 (also referred as the Tripartite Agreement of 1950), was a jointly issued statement by the United States, Britain, and France, which guaranteed the territorial "status quo" determined by Arab - Israeli armistice agreements. It developed from discussions related to the armistice. The declaration outlined the parties' commitment to peace and stability in the area and their opposition to the use or threat of force. They pledged to take action within and outside the United Nations to prevent violations of the frontiers or armistice lines. Further, they reiterated their opposition to the development of an arms race. 
The Tripartite declaration also stipulated close consultation among the three powers with a view to limiting the Arab - Israeli arms race. It was issued on 25 May 1950. The aim of the Western powers was to maintain stability and the free flow of oil, to neutralize the Arab-Israeli conflict and, if possible, to convince Arabs and Israelis to make common cause with the West against the threat of Soviet encroachment. 
In June 1952, the parties set up the Near East Arms Coordinating Committee (NEACC), through which they coordinated their arms sales to all parties in the conflict. The United States sold virtually no arms in the Middle East, leaving those markets to Britain and France, with considerable competition between the two. The NEACC functioned reasonably well for more than three years. Both Britain and France periodically withheld arms from the rivals in the Arab - Israeli dispute. This primarily occurred when states took action that threatened either British or French regional interests. The three powers recognized, however, that the Arab states and Israel needed to maintain a certain level of armed force for purposes of internal security and legitimate self-defense. They declared that they would consider arms requests in light of these principles-including requests that would permit the countries to "play their part in the defense of the area as a whole:' An important but somewhat unenforceable clause of the Tripartite Agreement also stressed that the three powers would only sell arms with an assurance that the purchasing nations would not use them for acts of aggression against other nations.
The United States was the central force behind the agreement. U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower viewed the 1950, Tripartite Declaration as a proper instrument to ensure neutrality of the West in general and of the United States in particular in the Arab-Israeli feud. Its ultimate purpose was to prevent any seizure of the middle east territory by force. Others consider that the “agreement did not prevent the Arab states from obtaining weapons through their alliance relationships with suppliers, but Israel was excluded. Little foreign aid was provided by the United States, and Israeli military officials who sought to purchase weapons and ammunition in the United States were rebuffed.” 
The demise of the Declaration.
The Czech arms deal of September 1955, by means of which the Soviet Union agreed to sell Egypt $250 million worth of modern weaponry, made irrelevant Western efforts to limit the flow of arms. In April 1956 France began to transfer large quantities of modern arms to Israel. “France had been supplying Israel with arms since the early 1950s under the terms of a secret Franco Israeli arms arrangement (in violation of the Tripartite Agreement, but with American support and encouragement)."

</doc>
<doc id="20641897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641897" title="Richard Hol">
Richard Hol

Richard (or Rijk) Hol (Amsterdam, 23 July 1825 – Utrecht, 14 May 1904) was a Dutch composer and conductor, based for most of his career at Utrecht. His conservative music showed the influence of Ludwig van Beethoven, Felix Mendelssohn, and Robert Schumann and the Leipzig school, though as a conductor he offered Dutch audiences the more revolutionary music of Hector Berlioz and Richard Wagner.
Life.
Richard Hol followed a course in piano under Jan George Bertelman at the royal conservatory of Amsterdam; after his graduation in 1844 he made a living as piano accompanist. In part on the basis of his choral compositions he was appointed director of the Amsterdamse Toonkunstkoor in 1857. In 1862, when Johannes Verhulst was appointed to the position, Hol removed to Utrecht, where he came to occupy the center of musical life, taking up the post of Ferdinand Kufferath in directing the city concerts ("stadsconcerten") and the Utrecht Toonkunstkoor for the remainder of his life. In addition he was organist at the cathedral, 1869-1888.
From 1875 he served as director of the Stedelijke Muziekschool at Utrecht, teaching music theory and history himself. Among his prominent pupils were Johan Wagenaar, who succeeded him as teacher and cathedral organist, and Catharina van Rennes.
In his last years Hol published pieces in numerous journals and served from 1894 until his death as editor of the organ journal "Het Orgel". When the Nederlandsche Toonkunstenaars-Vereeniging was founded in 1875, he served as its first director. Among the many decorations he received was his appointment in 1875 as a corresponding member of the Académie française.
He composed an anthem for Transvaal, in use until the British occupied it in 1887. His posthumous reputation remained largely confined to Dutch audiences and choral singing groups, until his four symphonies began to be recorded at the close of the 20th century.
His "vaderlandische legende" ("patriotic legend") for chorus, orchestra and organ, "De Vliegende Hollander" ("The Flying Dutchman"), Op. 70 (1874) was described in 1904 as frequently performed, in "Le guide musical", reviewing a concert with a performance of the ballad, in The Hague.

</doc>
<doc id="20641905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641905" title="Euronesian">
Euronesian

Euronesian refers to any person of mixed European and Polynesian, Melanesian or Micronesian descent. It is most commonly used in Samoa. Most Euronesians are descended from British or French people and Polynesians (In Samoa itself often from German people), with some from Spaniards and Polynesians in Isla de Pascua and from Spaniards and Micronesians in Guam, Northern Marianas, Marshall Islands, Caroline Islands, and Palau.

</doc>
<doc id="20641910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641910" title="Brötzmann">
Brötzmann

Brötzmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20641935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641935" title="Worldnomads.com">
Worldnomads.com

WorldNomads.com is a website that provides global travel insurance and travel safety services for people from over 150 countries. According to World Nomads, theirs is the only travel insurance you can actually buy after you have already left home and are already away travelling and they are the recommended travel insurance partner of Lonely Planet. 
In 2004, World Nomads added two more services to help travellers stay safe when travelling: travel blogs to stay in touch with family and friends and a series of iPod phrase books to teach elementary travel phrases in a wide variety of languages to their members. Then in 2005 in the wake of the Tsunami, World Nomads launched an experimental travel philanthropy program that they called Footprints, which has since developed into the Footprints network and as of December 2008 raised over $500,000 for community projects in the developing world. 
In 2006, it established travel scholarships by partnering with National Geographic.
References.
World Nomads Invests In Travellr TechNation Sept 21st 2009
Top iPhone language translation apps MSNBC Aug 21st 2009
Tourism loses its way Smart Company, Dec 10th 2008
UBC Student wins global exposure for photos Canada.com
World Nomads Travel Scholarship Winner Tells All NatGeoTV
Sun, surf and spirit SMH, October 4, 2008
Online Charity build the bottom line Travel Trends
Footprints donations reach half million dollar milestone eTurboNews
Keep travelling safely eMediaWire
World Nomads Travel Writing Scholarship University of Queensland
School of enduring lessons The West Australian
Footprints & WorldNomads Donations Hit Half Million Dollar Donations Travel Mole

</doc>
<doc id="20641943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641943" title="Charles, Count of Charolais">
Charles, Count of Charolais

Charles de Bourbon-Condé, Count of Charolais (19 June 1700 – 23 July 1760), was a French noble. As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, he was a "Prince of the Blood".
Biography.
The second son of Louis III, Prince of Condé, and Louise-Françoise de Bourbon, Charles de Bourbon-Condé was made governor of Touraine in 1720. He fought in Hungary in the war against the Ottoman Turks and won distinction at the battle of Belgrade. In 1728 he became one of the candidates for the hand of the wealthy heiress Maria Zofia Sieniawska, supported by Louis XV in an attempt to gain a strong position in Poland before the royal election. He was "gouverneur" of his nephew Louis Joseph, Prince of Condé.
Debauched, violent, wrathful, sadistic, bloodthirsty and occasionally murderous, barely within the bounds of sanity, and incredibly arrogant, not least on account of his rank, which gave him gross impunity as a royal prince, Charles, Count of Charolais, never ceased to appear in the news of his time. Heredity may have played a part, as his father Louis was popularly known as "le Singe Vert", or the Green Monkey, to his contemporaries because of his ugliness and depravities. Perhaps unsurprisingly given his rank, overwhelming police reports about Charles de Bourbon were long kept secret. These relate, among other appalling depravities, Charles's kidnap and detainment of women and girls for use in sadistic orgies he arranged with other debauchees. Some historians have seen in him an inspiration for certain characters in the novels of the Marquis de Sade.
In one particular instance, in the street and in front of witnesses, this nobleman, a relative of the king, fired his pistol and killed, coldly and without reason other than his own pleasure, a man who had the misfortune of being within reach of his weapon. The regent Philippe d'Orléans was truly shocked by this heinous crime, and summoned the count to say that, while he could not punish him on account of his rank, he would willingly forgive anyone who took reciprocal action.
Another story tells of how in a drunken rage, he assaulted and badly injured the unfortunate driver of the Spanish ambassador who had parked his carriage in an alley beside the Louvre usually reserved for cars of the princes of the blood.
He secretly married Jeanne de Valois-Saint Remy, a descendent of Henri II via an illegitimate branch; their son Louis-Thomas (1718–1799), who was not legitimated by the king, was later exiled to England.
He had two illegitimate children with Marguerite Caron de Rancurel: 
On his death the county of Charolais reverted to the king. Some years later it was granted to a brother of the future Louis-Philippe of France.
He was buried at the Église Collégiale Saint-Martin, Montmorency.

</doc>
<doc id="20641946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641946" title="Blue Clear Sky (song)">
Blue Clear Sky (song)

"Blue Clear Sky" is the title of a song written by Bob DiPiero, John Jarrard and Mark D. Sanders, and performed by American country music singer George Strait. It was released in March 1996 as the first single and title track from Strait's album of the same name. "Blue Clear Sky" was recorded in Nashville, Tennessee at Emerald Studios. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
Background.
Strait told "Billboard" that he loved the song when he first heard it, but he was also concerned. "I Thought that 'Blue Clear Sky' didn't sound right to me, it should have been 'Clear Blue Sky.' Tony and I talked about it, and we came so close to messing it up. We finally called Bob DiPiero of the song's writers, and he said he got the line from 'Forrest Gump.'." Bob DiPiero writes in the "GAC" (Great American Country) featured article, "Bob DiPiero Reveals The Story Behind "Blue Clear Sky"" about the idea of the song. Bob says, "I went to see the movie "Forrest Gump." About halfway through the movie, Forest has a dialogue where he is talking about his girlfriend, Jenny. The dialogue went something like this...
"Jenny was gone, then all of a sudden, out of the blue clear sky, she was back."
Well, of course it's backwards. The real term is "out of the clear blue sky," but it grabbed my attention. The next day I was writing with John Jarrard and Mark D. Sanders. I told them about this backwards idea and we wrote "Blue Clear Sky" about how love seems unfindable and then out of the blue, you find it." 
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying "that readily identifiable, likeable, warm Texas voice totally sells this sweet song about the joys of finding love." She discusses the "catchy, melodic introduction to the steel guitar weaving throughout this lively uptempo number."
Chart performance.
"Blue Clear Sky" debuted at number 41 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of April 6, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20641955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641955" title="Dean Chandler">
Dean Chandler

Dean Andrew Robert Chandler (born 6 May 1976 in Ilford) is an English former professional footballer. He currently plays for Redbridge and has represented England's Learning Disability team.
Chandler began his career as a trainee with Charlton Athletic, turning professional in April 1994 and making his league debut the following season. In 1994, Chandler along with teammate Lee Bowyer was found to have tested positive for cannabis after a training ground check. Both received bans of several months. On his return, Chandler found it difficult to break into the Charlton first team and in March 1997 was loaned to Torquay United. He made his Torquay debut against Lincoln City at Sincil Bank, but lasted only 20 minutes before going off with an ankle injury. He returned a fortnight later and played a further three league games for the Gulls. 
Chandler was released by Charlton at the end of the 1996–97 season, having played just two league games, scoring once. In August 1997 he signed for Lincoln City, and played in the defeat away to Burnley in the League Cup on 26 August. Struggling to break into the first team, he was loaned to Yeovil Town on 28 November 1997. He scored on his Conference debut the following day against Cheltenham Town at the Huish. He remained at Yeovil until the end of January 1998, but returned to Lincoln at the end of the loan period. 
He subsequently joined Chesham United, before signing for Slough Town on 26 November 1998. However, he could not agree terms with Slough and a day later was sold to Yeovil Town for £3,500. He was released by Yeovil manager David Webb on 4 May 2000, but returned on 3 July on a three-month trial, Webb apparently having a change of heart. He was then released again by Webb on 18 July 2000. according to Webb, 'after a lot of thought', but according to the "Western Gazette", because he played in cricket match, arranged as part of teammate Tony Pennock's testimonial, whilst injured. 
In September 2000, after a short spell completely out of the game, Chandler began training with Slough Town, with a view to signing for them once fully fit, which he duly did. He made his Slough debut in the 4–3 win over Aldershot Town in the Isthmian League Full Members Cup at Wexham Park on 24 October 2000, but then pick up another injury which restricted him to only three games all season. On 10 August 2001, he joined Conference side Woking on a free transfer after a successful trial period, but stayed only until the last week of November when he joined Purfleet. He was sacked by Purfleet in April 2003 for a 'breach of club discipline'.
He subsequently joined Thurrock, moving to Ford United in August 2003. He captained Ford to the First Round proper of the FA Cup, but scored an extra-time own goal as Ford lost at home to Port Vale. Ford changed their name to Redbridge the following year and Chandler was surprisingly released from the renamed club, joining East Thurrock United in June 2004.
In July 2004, Chandler made his debut for the England Learning Disability team, playing in a 16–0 win against hosts Sweden in the Global Games. He was sent off in the following match, against Brazil, for violent conduct as England progressed to the semi-finals with a 4–3 victory.
He left East Thurrock in November 2005, joining Leyton, but in April 2006 moved on to Heybridge Swifts.
He subsequently rejoined East Thurrock United and returned to Redbridge in December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20641956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641956" title="Strengleikar">
Strengleikar

Strengleikar (English: Stringed Instruments) is a collection of twenty-one Old Norse prose tales based on the Old French "Lais" of Marie de France. It is one of the literary works commissioned by King Haakon IV of Norway (r. 1217-1263) for the Norwegian court. The collection is anonymous. It has been attributed to Brother Robert, a cleric who adapted several French works into Norse under Haakon, the best known of which is "Tristrams saga ok Ísöndar" (a Norse version of the Tristan and Iseult legend), but there is also reason to think that the collection may be a gathering of the work of several different translators. Unlike many medieval translations, the "Strengleikar" are generally extremely close in sense to the Old French originals; the text which differs most is "Milun", which is abridged to half its original length.

</doc>
<doc id="20641973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641973" title="Shahida (film)">
Shahida (film)

Shahida was a Pakistani Urdu film released on March 19, 1949. The film was directed by Luqman. ""Shahida"" was actually the first "Pakistani film" which was started before partition and released in 1949. It was originally started as a project by Hakim Ahmad Shuja, along with financial backers in undivided British India c 1945-46 but could not be filmed due to the various problems, in particular the Independence/Partition of India and Pakistan in 1947, which also led to the truncation of the old, joint film industry and its mutual contacts. The project was revived in 1948, by M.Akbar, as producer and Luqman as director. Hakim Ahmad Shuja was retained to revise his original script and to help write out the song lyrics, of classics such as "Dar ba dar Phirte hain" and "Alwidah", with Master Ghulam Haidar and GA Chishti giving the excellent music. 

</doc>
<doc id="20641982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641982" title="Mobexpert">
Mobexpert

Mobexpert is the largest furniture and accessories distributor in Romania with 36 stores and one of the largest 12 furniture companies in Europe.
History.
The company was founded in 1993 by Dan and Camelia Şucu. The two opened their first store in the Unirea Shopping Center where they sold imported furniture.
In 1994 the company opened their first furniture factory where they produced at first office chairs, then couches and later metallic and plastic furniture pieces.
In 1995 the company started to expand the network and started to buy furniture companies as Samus Dej, Ilefor Târgu Mureş and Mobstrat Suceava.
In 2007 the company opened its first store outside Romania in Sofia, Bulgaria. Another store has been opened in Belgrade, Serbia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20641988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641988" title="Bothriochloa barbinodis">
Bothriochloa barbinodis

Bothriochloa barbinodis is a species of grass known by the common name cane bluestem. It is native to the Americas, including most of South and Central America, Mexico, and the southernmost continental United States from California to Florida. 
This is a perennial bunchgrass growing in upright clumps 60 to 120 centimeters tall. The straw-colored stems have nodes at intervals which are fringed with fluffy hairs. The leaves are 20 to 30 centimeters long and blue-green when new, drying to a reddish yellow. The inflorescence is a feathery array of spikelet units. Each unit is composed of one hairy, tan, fertile spikelet with a twisted awn up to 3.5 centimeters long twinned with a stalked, sterile spikelet which is much smaller and lacks an awn. The long-haired spikelets are wind-dispersed. 
In its native range, this grass is useful as a forage for grazing animals and a groundcover for revegetating cleared land. It is very drought resistant. It is considered an indicator of rangeland damage, as it is often one of the first native species to be eliminated when an area is overgrazed.
It is known elsewhere as an introduced species and sometimes a weed, such as in Hawaii. 
It is grown as an ornamental plant for its showy inflorescences.

</doc>
<doc id="20641989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641989" title="List of Israeli ambassadors to Egypt">
List of Israeli ambassadors to Egypt

Israeli ambassadors to Egypt have been appointed since the Egyptian–Israeli Peace Treaty. The first ambassador was Eliyahu Ben-Elissar.

</doc>
<doc id="20641994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20641994" title="Wild Angels (song)">
Wild Angels (song)

"Wild Angels" is a the title of a song written by Matraca Berg, Gary Harrison and Harry Stinson, and performed by American country music artist Martina McBride. It was released in November 1995 as the second single and title track from McBride's album of the same name. The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, giving McBride her first Number One hit on that chart.
Content.
The song is about a female who looks at her relationship and concludes that there must be "wild angels" watching over her and her lover to keep them together.
McBride's daughter, Delaney, who was a baby at the time, can be heard laughing in the song's intro. According to her "Greatest Hits" album, McBride had a difficult time recording Delaney. She also praised the production of Paul Worley and Ed Seay, notably Lonnie Wilson's drum fills and Joe Chemay's bass guitar. Worley described the dual electric guitar tracks, with Dan Dugmore on the right channel and Dann Huff on the left, as "amazing".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Thom Oliphant and premiered in late 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20642021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642021" title="La lugubre gondola">
La lugubre gondola

La lugubre gondola is one of Franz Liszt's most important late works. 
Its genesis is well documented in letters from which we know that Liszt was Richard Wagner's guest in the Palazzo Vendramin on the Grand Canal in Venice in late 1882. Liszt may have had a premonition there of Wagner's death which inspired the first version of the work: a piano piece in 4/4, written in December 1882 (which remained unpublished until the Rugginenti edition of 2002). This piece was recomposed the next month, in January 1883, and very shortly thereafter arranged for violin or cello and piano. The piano version was published in 1885, with minor changes (this version is today usually called "La lugubre gondola II"). This was the only version of this piece published in Liszt's lifetime.
Wagner died in Venice on February 13, 1883, and the long funeral procession to Bayreuth began with the funeral gondola to Venice's Santa Lucia railway station. Liszt was by now almost certainly considering the piece to be a Wagner memorial, and in 1885 he returned to the string version and replaced the last three bars with a twenty-bar coda. This was probably done before the publication of the solo version, because the new extended string version does not contain the minor alterations in the published solo version.
According to Liszt's correspondence with Lina Ramann, "La Lugubre Gondola" was originally to have been entitled "Troisième élégie" and was to have been dedicated to her.
There is an undated manuscript, clearly from the end of Liszt's life, of a starker version of the piece in 6/8 for piano solo - virtually a new composition. It remained unpublished until 1927, when it was published alongside the other version of the piece, but with the same title. So since 1927, the 4/4 piece has been known as "La lugubre gondola II", and the hitherto unpublished 6/8 piece is usually called "La lugubre gondola I". It is unfortunate that the numbering which attached itself to these two works puts them out of chronology.
The opening single melodic line of "La Lugubre Gondola No. 2" can be seen to be inspired by Wagner’s unending melodies, and the unresolved diminished sevenths and unfinished phrases are reminiscent of the "Prelude" to Wagner's "Tristan und Isolde". Liszt then develops this into a more lyrical, romantic line.

</doc>
<doc id="20642029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642029" title="Siege of Kehl">
Siege of Kehl

The Siege of Kehl may refer to one of four sieges of the fortress above the town of Kehl, located in present-day southwestern Germany, across the Rhine River from Strasbourg:

</doc>
<doc id="20642035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642035" title="Evochron Legends">
Evochron Legends

Evochron Legends is a mercenary space simulation online game from the Starwraith 3D Games' "Evochron" series.
Similarities to earlier Evochron installments.
The gameplay of the game is comparable to "Evochron Renegades", in which the player takes the role of a mercenary pilot in the fictional Evochron sector of space. The gameplay is a freeform sandbox approach, and allows the player to seamlessly switch from any of the available roles without menu-interfaces. Traditional roles include, among others, mining, trading, pirating, exploring, bounty hunting, and military flight. Similarly to earlier "Evochron" titles, the gameplay is fully seamless (including travel, planet descents, and ship control) with the exception of the shipyard, in which the player customizes their ship.
Like in "Evochron Renegades", all environments are interactive. This means none of the environments besides the background is simply there for 'the looks'. All nebulae can be flown through, with some of the clouds actively disabling or hindering player and AI ship systems. Planets can be descended upon in real-time and used to trade upon, a feature often praised in the now classic "". Atmospheric flight differs significantly from space flight, although the controls remain identical. Asteroid fields allow the player to mine and use them as temporary cover in combat from missile and gunfire. Larger asteroids sometimes include tunnel systems that can be explored or used for combat advantages. Objects like planets, stars, and black holes all induce a gravity pull on the ship.
Flight in "Evochron Legends" is a hybrid between heavy- and low-inertia flight. By using a ship-system called the inertial dampening system (IDS) the player can choose to let the ship automatically adapt the course to the cockpit orientation or to let the ship keep its current heading and speed to turn the ship freely during flight due to the lack of friction in space.
New features and improvements.
New features include military combat ships ranging from light scouts to heavy interceptors that can be purchased and flown by players, and new capital ships such as Cruisers, Battleships, Command Ships, and Destroyers that can engage in war zone battles. In addition, the game makes a huge jump forward in graphical aspects - where "Evochron Renegades"' graphics were considered 'functional' rather than 'flashy', "Evochron Legends" has more highly detailed textures and new effects such as stellar accretion discs and more planetary ring types. New roles have been added, including passenger transport, energy transport, crafting, and capital ship escorting.
Currently, three systems feature war zones, in which the player engages the Vonari along with the military. Through dockable carriers available in the war zones, players can buy themselves military crafts if wished for. By engaging in military missions, the player gains a military rank that allows buying more powerful military crafts.
A new feature is called crafting, in which players use raw commodities to create second-level commodities or usable items. This is done at special constructor stations, which allows the player to create items and more valuable commodities. An amount of platinum can be converted into a long-range probe, and amounts of metal can be crafted into armor plating. Some items can only be crafted by combining multiple commodities together.
New commodities include oxygen, water, gold, and silver. Some of these (oxygen, water) can be gathered from planetary atmospheres and surface. Gold and silver are rare commodities that are both valuable and crucial to create some of the crafted items.
While most of the environments from "Evochron Renegades" return, including planets, cities, stars, stations, nebulae, asteroid fields, and caves, the nebula class that disturbed weaponry has been replaced by a high-energy nebula that jams the jump-drive of the player. For the multiplayer mode, it is being presented as a good place for a hard and honest fight between clans. Also, dockable carriers and constructor stations are new environments.
The difficulty of the game has been tweaked, giving the game a slightly more balanced learning curve. The learning curve is still considered steep, especially during the first combat situations. The training mode has received a full makeover, allowing the player to choose for either a full training or only focussing on certain aspects.
Story quest.
The story revolves around one person chasing the Phantom class battle carrier from "Arvoch Conflict" and "Evochron Renegades". The story seems to be as optional as possible, although completing the quest will yield beneficial advantages.
The story quest will let the player go on a hunt after beacons that are scattered throughout the universe. Unlike earlier games, the player will need to fulfill certain requirements for the beacon to activate, making the story more 'red line'--like for players new to the series. Although the story builds further on the earlier Starwraith 3D Games lore, it is self-explanatory and does not require earlier knowledge of the story.
Multiplayer.
Multiplayer in the "Evochron" series has offered the seamless profile system since its very beginning. In this system, a pilot profile made will always be available on any game server that is not purely set to multiplayer profiles. In this way, players are free to work on their spacecraft in single player.
Capture the flag-like objects have been added, allowing players and clans to set up a CTF match seamlessly. Notable locations for such a match include within a high-energy nebula and the interior of a large asteroid.
Any person can host a (dedicated) game server for a predetermined number of players. Other players are required to use a compatible version of the client to connect to the server, and to have identical universe files. The host of the game sets any rules, although rules are only controlled through players and not enforced by the game itself. In this way, the freeform spirit of the game is retained.

</doc>
<doc id="20642038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642038" title="Josef Kriehuber">
Josef Kriehuber

Josef Kriehuber (14 December 1800 – 30 May 1876) was an Austrian lithographer and painter. He made numerous portraits for nobility and government officials. Josef Kriehuber left more than 3000 lithographs, with portraits of many people.
Life.
Josef Kriehuber was born in Vienna, Austria on 14 December 1800. He was first trained by his brother Johann Kriehuber, then studied at the Vienna Academy under Hubert Maurer, then moved to Galicia, where he devoted himself to horse painting. He worked as a lithographer for several Viennese publishing houses. With nearly 3,000 works, Josef Kriehuber was the most important portrait lithographer of the Viennese Biedermeier period. Kriehuber is also noted for his studies of the Prater park. He taught at the Vienna Theresianum academy.
Kriehuber was only 13 years old when he went to the art-class in the Imperial Academy in Vienna. In 1818, he accompanied the prince Sanguszko as a drawing-master to Poland. In 1821 he returned to Vienna. To earn himself money for the course at the academy, and for the cost of living, he became one of the most industrious lithographic employees of the publishing company Trentsensky. In 1826, his first portraits using the new printing technique of lithography appear. In the next few decades, Kriehuber becomes the most sought-after and best-paid portraitist of Biedermeier Vienna. His success probably stems from the fact that he is a master of portraying men as more distinguished, and women as prettier, than they are in reality.
His works, an image of the Viennese society of this epoch, include nearly 3000 portrait-lithographs, along with a few hundred water-colours. There are but few well-known persons of that time who did not have their portrait made by Kriehuber. Names include: Francis I of Austria, Fürst von Metternich, Josef Radetzky, Franz Grillparzer, Johann Nestroy, Archduke Johann, Friedrich Halm, Friedrich Hebbel, Hammer-Purgstall, Franz Schubert, Anton Diabelli, Robert Schumann, Giacomo Meyerbeer, Carl Czerny, Franz Liszt, Sigismond Thalberg, Ole Bull, Niccolò Paganini, Elias Parish Alvars, Fritz Reuter, Therese Krones, Fanny Elßler, Archduke Karl Ludwig, Sophie of Austria, Marie-Louise of Austria, Johann Kaspar von Seiller, Stephan Endlicher, Ignaz von Seyfried, Moritz Gottlieb Saphir, Carl von Ghega, Wilhelm von Tegetthoff, Ferdinand Maximilian von Austria.
In 1860 he was hailed as first artist awarded the Franz Joseph Order in Austria. With the advances of photography, however, commissions fell off; Kriehuber's last years were overshadowed by poverty. He died on 30 May 1876, in his native city of Vienna. His final resting place, now an honorary grave, is in Vienna's "Zentralfriedhof" (central cemetery).
Significant collections of his works are in the Albertina (Vienna), and in the portrait collection of the Austrian National Library in Vienna. Since 1889 a street in Vienna-Margareten (Vienna's 5th district), has been named after Kriehuber.

</doc>
<doc id="20642051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642051" title="Donalbain (Macbeth)">
Donalbain (Macbeth)

Donalbain is a character in William Shakespeare's "Macbeth" (c.1603-1607). He is the younger son of King Duncan and brother to Malcolm, the heir to the throne. Donalbain flees Scotland after the murder of his father for refuge in Ireland. 
He is based upon a personage in an account of King Duncan in "Holinshed's Chronicles," a history of Britain familiar to Shakespeare. He is ultimately based on the historical King Donald III of Scotland.
In the original text of the First Folio his name is spelled Donalbaine, it is sometimes spelled Donaldbain.
Origin.
Shakespeare's Donalbain is based upon 'Donald Bane' in the account of King Duncan from "Holinshed's Chronicles" (1587). There, he makes his only appearance in the narrative after King Duncan is murdered. He then decides to seek refuge in Ireland where, the reader is informed, he was "cherished by the king of that land." After his departure, Macbeth uses "great liberality" toward the Scottish nobles in order to gain their favour, and rules capably for seventeen years before being defeated by Malcolm and his English forces. Holinshed's historical personage is Donald III of Scotland.
Historically, Donalbain (Donald Ban/Donald the Fair)seized the Scottish throne after the death of Malcolm and reigned off and on for a few years but was ultimately succeeded by Malcolm's son Edgar.
Role in the play.
Donalbain appears in a few early scenes in the play as a silent member of his father's entourage. He speaks only in 2.3 when, after his father's murder, he decides to flee to Ireland. His brother decides to seek refuge in England. Donalbain tells Malcolm that their "separated fortune / Shall keep us both the safer." With his father and brother, Donalbain represents moral order in the play, and contributes to the father/son motif of the play. The ending of Roman Polanski's film of Macbeth, in which Donaldbain, returning to Scotland after the death of Macbeth, hears the witches murmuring in the heather and gets off his horse to investigate, evidently alludes to the historical fact that Donalbain seized the throne after the death of Malcolm.

</doc>
<doc id="20642053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642053" title="List of Ambassadors of Egypt to Israel">
List of Ambassadors of Egypt to Israel

Diplomatic relations in between Egypt and Israel were established on February 26, 1980. From the year 1982 to 1988, and from 2001 to 2005, there was no Egyptian ambassador to Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20642059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642059" title="Hocking House">
Hocking House

Hocking House is a historic home in Frostburg, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, three-bay, hip-roofed dwelling, built about 1855 in the transitional Greek Revival-Italianate architecture style. Local tradition suggests that it was one of three stations of the Underground Railroad in Frostburg. The land on which the home stands was part of the estate of Robert Clarke, Sr., one of the original settlers of the area that is now Frostburg. It was converted into a clubhouse in 1942.
Hocking House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20642066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642066" title="Aikaranad North">
Aikaranad North


</doc>
<doc id="20642067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642067" title="Aikaranad South">
Aikaranad South


</doc>
<doc id="20642069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642069" title="Amballur, Ernakulam">
Amballur, Ernakulam

Location.
Amballoor is located about 25 km from the Cochin city. It is a part of the Amballoor Panchayath, which forms the south edge of Ernakulam district. Amballoor comes in the Ernakulam - Thalayolaparambu main road.
Amballoor Pallithazham is the main junction of Amballoor. It is the heart of Amballoor. 
Main temples in this area are Amballur Kavu & Koote Kavu, both are bhagavathi temples.Amballoor thrikkovu is an another main temple ,it is a krishna temple.
The famous "St: Francis Assissi church" is situated at this junction. The St: Francis UP school is the first school of this place.The school celebrated its centenary year recently.
Perumpally, Aarakkunnam, Kanjiramattom, Edakkattuvayal etc. are a few places adjacent to Amballoor.

</doc>
<doc id="20642071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642071" title="Arakapady">
Arakapady


</doc>
<doc id="20642073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642073" title="Asamannoor">
Asamannoor

History.
It came into existence in 1953 with six wards and seven ward members.Besides the general seat, the first ward was having a reserved seat also.Its duration was three years.The first president was K. Keshavappisharadi (two years) and then S.N. Nair. Since 1957 administrator rule is in operation.

</doc>
<doc id="20642076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642076" title="Ayyampuzha">
Ayyampuzha


</doc>
<doc id="20642079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642079" title="Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule">
Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule

The Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule (DVS), German Air Transport School, was a covert military-training organization operating as a flying school in Germany. It began during the Weimar Republic in Staaken, Berlin in 1925 and its head office was transferred in 1929 to Broitzem airfield near Braunschweig.
The DVS was outwardly a flying school for commercial pilots, but in fact became a secret military arm training military aviators for the future Luftwaffe.
This training facility grew in importance in the initial stages of the Nazi Regime, while camouflaging as a harmless civilian organization "(Tarnorganisation)", at the time of Germany's rearmament in violation of the Versailles Treaty. 
On May 31, 1945, after Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, the American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. Known as "Law number five", this Denazification decree disbanded the Deutsche Verkehrsfliegschule and its facilities were taken over by the occupying forces.
Nowadays there are some flying schools in Germany operating under the same name in different locations in the country. All these were established in the postwar years.

</doc>
<doc id="20642080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642080" title="Chelamattom">
Chelamattom


</doc>
<doc id="20642081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642081" title="Sun (heraldry)">
Sun (heraldry)

A representation of the sun is used as a heraldic charge. The most usual form, often called sun in splendour or in his glory, consists of a round disc with the features of a human face, surrounded by twelve or sixteen rays, alternating wavy and straight.
It is a common charge in the heraldry of many countries. It often appears as a rising sun or demi-sun.
It was used as a badge by Edward II of England, and was later adopted by Edward IV following the appearance of a parhelion or "sun dog" before his victory at the Battle of Mortimer's Cross in 1461. It also had significance in alchemy, and may be a symbol of the Roman deity "Sol Invictus" (Unconquered Sun). The alternating straight and wavy rays are often stated to represent the light and heat of the sun respectively.
The Sun of May shown on the national flag of Uruguay has an identical form to the "Sun in Splendour".
Examples.
In splendour.
Székely Land

</doc>
<doc id="20642084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642084" title="Edakkattuvayal">
Edakkattuvayal


</doc>
<doc id="20642089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642089" title="Elamkunnapuzha">
Elamkunnapuzha


</doc>
<doc id="20642090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642090" title="Elanji">
Elanji

Demographics.
As of the 2001 census, Elanji had a population of 16995 with 8455 males and 8540 females. The majority of people living in Elanji are Syro Malabar Christians, although there is also a Hindu minority population living there too.
There are three main churches in Elanji. Chief among them is the St Peter's and Paul's church (estd. 1200) of the Roman Catholic Syrian Christians belonging to the Diocese of Pala mutholapuram church and the other one being Xavierpuram church.
The nearest towns are Piravom, Kuravilangad and Koothattukulam. The taluk headquarters at Muvattupuzha is 27 km away. The village lies about 42 km southeast of Kochi and there are a number of buses that ply between Pala and Ernakulam, which connects Elanji with Kochi. Elanji is almost the mid-way point on the Vaikom–Thodupuzha bus route. Elanji lies about 32 km east of Kottayam town. There is a Panchayath bus stand in the heart of the Elanji town itself. Elanji is in Ernakulam district.
The Vijnan Institute of Science and Technology (VISAT), an engineering college established in the year 2011, is 2 km away from this town. The engineering college is AICTE approved and affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University. This college comes under the Vinjyan Charitable Trust.
Most inhabitants are engaged in agriculture, farming and trading, with the main cash crops being rubber, paddy, coconut, areca nut, ginger, turmeric, 'kacholam' and pepper.
The famous Malayalam novelist Sri Perumbadavam Sreedharan was born in Elanji. He is also known as Perumbadavam. 
There is also a famous Hindu temple in the name of Lord Shiva; the speciality of this temple is that the main door opens to the west direction. This type of Lord Shiva temples is rare in Kerala state. The name Elanji was believed to be derived from the word Elavanjiyoor d-e-s-am. During the passage of time desam has been dropped off and Elavanjiyoor became Elanji. It is very interesting to know that Elanji is the name of a tree with fragrant blooms commonly found in Elanji village area. One of the oldest and famous high schools in and around Elanji (Monippally, Neezhoor etc.) and the name of that school is presently St. Peter's High secondary School Elanji formerly known as St. Peter's high School Elanji.

</doc>
<doc id="20642095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642095" title="Enanalloor">
Enanalloor


</doc>
<doc id="20642099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642099" title="Eramalloor">
Eramalloor

Eramalloor is a village in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Geography.
Eramalloor is a village located on the NH47 Highway linking Kanyakumari and Salem. It is near the coast, with a landscape characterised by salty ponds (known locally as "Kandom") and larger ponds used for fishing (known as "Chaal"). It lies along the backwaters of Alapuzha, and is situated next to Ezhupunna near the model tourism village at Kumbalangi and the beach at Chellanam.
Administration.
Administratively, Eramalloor falls under the Ezhupunna panchayat (local village administrative body) of the Alapuzha District.
Industry and economy.
The village is famous for sea food processing industries, such as Torry Harris, Premier, AFDC and Daimond Seafoods. Agriculture has declined in the past years, with the paddy fields giving way for shrimp cultivation or to be reclaimed for housing.

</doc>
<doc id="20642100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642100" title="Irapuram">
Irapuram


</doc>
<doc id="20642101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642101" title="Kaippattur">
Kaippattur


</doc>
<doc id="20642102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642102" title="Kalloorkkad">
Kalloorkkad

Kalloorkkad is a village in Ernakulam district in Kerala, India.
Location.
Kalloorkad is situated in Muvattupuzha taluk of Kerala State, 13km from Muvattupuzha, 12km from Thodupuzha, and 5km from Vazhakulam. The economy of Kalloorkad is reliant on agriculture, and main the cultivations are rubber and pineapple. The village is well connected with towns like Thodupuzha, Muvattupuzha and Kothamangalam through local bus transport and there are some KSRTC buses also present in there.
Government.
The place falls under Muvattupuzha assembly constituency, which is part of Idukki (Lok Sabha constituency). It was part of Muvattupuzha (Lok Sabha constituency) until 2004. The municipality is headed by the Municipal Chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="20642103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642103" title="Kanayannur">
Kanayannur

Kanayannur is a Taluk in the District of Ernakulam, in the state of Kerala, India. Taluk is an administrative denomination in India.
Demographics.
Kanayannur is the largest Taluk in Kerala.
Kanayannr taluk office situated at M G Road, Ernakulam. There is a village in kanayannur taluk whose name is also Kanayannur. Kanayannur village office situated at a village called Eruvely. The place Kanayannur is presently known as Palace Square though Kanayannur taluk and Kanayannur village still exist. It is believed that there was a palace of king of Kochi in Kanayannur hence the place is named palace square.

</doc>
<doc id="20642104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642104" title="Karumalloor">
Karumalloor

Karumallur(ml:കരുമാല്ലൂർ) is a village in Paravur Taluk, Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.Karumalloor (Karumalore) is a panchayat in Ernakulam District. Karumalloor is situated in the highway connecting North Paravur with Aluva. This road is a nationalized route of KSRTC and plenty of buses connecting North Paravur with Aluva and other parts of Ernakulam District are running. It is situated 6 kilometers from Paravur. The village consists of large tracts of paddy fields. Karumallur is bounded by distributaries of the river Periyar. The panchayat is mainly a rice-based agrarian economy.
History.
Karumallur was under Ayirur village union . The panchayat was formed in 1953. The village was famous for agricultural tools and even people from north come to buy these products. The St.Joseph Ponthefical Seminary is in this panchayat.
Educational Institutions.
Colleges
Schools
Relegious.
Temples
Kalappurakkal Bhagawati is one of the oldest and prominent family temples in Karumalloor. The temple is located in Kalappurakkal Tharavadu complex.
Mankuzhi Theravada Bhagawati Temple is another old family temple in Karumalloor. The temple is located in Mankuzhi Thraravadu complex.Apart from Bhagawati, deities of Virabhadra (Shiva),Guru(Elders),Brahmarakashasu( Vaishnava kala)and Nagadevta (Sarpa) are also worshipped.Annual function ( Prathishtadin) is held as Thrikala Puja on Choti Nakshtra day in Medam ( Malayalam Month) every year with Annadanam to all devotees.
Churches
Localities.
Mattupuram, Manjaly, Kallikuzhy, Manakkapady, Thattampady, Karumallur, Aduvathuruth, Veliyathunad, Paruvakkad, Vayalodam, Kaduvappadam, U.C College, Mariyapady, Chettikkad, Thopp, Thekkethazham.

</doc>
<doc id="20642105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642105" title="Kedavoor">
Kedavoor


</doc>
<doc id="20642106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642106" title="Keecherry">
Keecherry


</doc>
<doc id="20642107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642107" title="Bolzano-Bozen Foxes">
Bolzano-Bozen Foxes

The HC Interspar Bolzano-Bozen Foxes is an Italian ice hockey team located in the city of Bolzano, South Tyrol that play in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).
History.
It is the most successful team in the history of the Italian ice hockey league, with 19 championships.
From the 2013-14 season, the HC Bolzano will leave the Italian ice hockey league to join the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).
Roster 2010-11.
Goalie
Defender
Forward
Staff.
"Chairman:"
"Head Coach:"
"Assistant Coach:"
"Team doctor:"
"Physiotherapist:"
"Teamleader:"
"Kit Manager:"

</doc>
<doc id="20642109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642109" title="Kizhakkumbhagom">
Kizhakkumbhagom


</doc>
<doc id="20642111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642111" title="Kombanad">
Kombanad

Tourist attractions around kombanad.
Paniyely poru, the famous waterfalls and picknic spot is just 5km away from kombanad. Panamkuzhy river and mahagony plantation is the another picknic spot is also just 4 km away from kombanad. The famous kodanad elephant training centre and mini zoo is also just 15 minutes drive from kombanad.

</doc>
<doc id="20642112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642112" title="Koovappady">
Koovappady

Koovappady is around 8 km north to Perumbavoor and is near to Kodanadu elephant training centre. Other places of interest nearby include Kalady, the birthplace of Sankaracharya, and Malayattoor. Ganpati Vilasam High School is famous here.

</doc>
<doc id="20642113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642113" title="Jatbong">
Jatbong

Jatbong is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20642116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642116" title="Kottappady">
Kottappady


</doc>
<doc id="20642119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642119" title="Kulayettikara">
Kulayettikara


</doc>
<doc id="20642122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642122" title="2009 Russian First Division">
2009 Russian First Division

The Russian First Division 2009 is the 18th season of Russia's second-tier football league since the dissolution of the Soviet Union. The season began on 28 March 2009 and ended on 4 November 2009.
Teams.
The league has been reduced from 22 to 20 teams. It features eleven clubs from Russian First Division 2008, two clubs relegated from Russian Premier League 2008, five zone winners from Russian Second Division 2008 and two of the third-placed clubs from Russian Second Division 2008.
Movement between Premier League and First Division.
FC Rostov as 2008 champions and Kuban Krasnodar as runners-up have been promoted to the Premier League. They will be replaced by relegated teams Shinnik Yaroslavl and Luch-Energia Vladivostok.
Movement between First Division and Second Division.
Due to the league contraction, seven instead of the regular five teams were relegated to their respective Second Division group. These teams, ranked 16th through 22nd in 2008, were Metallurg-Kuzbass Novokuznetsk, Volga Ulyanovsk, Torpedo Moscow, Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk, Dinamo Barnaul, Dinamo Bryansk and Zvezda Irkutsk.
The relegated teams were replaced by the five 2008 Second Division zone winners. These were MVD Rossii Moscow (West), Metallurg Lipetsk (Center), Volgar-Gazprom-2 Astrakhan (South), Volga Nizhny Novgorod (Ural-Povolzhye) and FC Chita (East).
Further team changes.
Sportakademklub Moscow avoided relegation in 2008 by finishing 15th, but announced refusal to play in the First Division on 18 December 2008. On 15 January 2009, SKA Rostov-on-Don refused to play as well. Regulations provided that Sportakademclub and SKA should be replaced by two of the runners-up from the Second Division groups (FC Bataysk-2007, FC Torpedo Vladimir, FC Gazovik Orenburg, FC Avangard Kursk or FC Smena Komsomolsk-on-Amur). However, since all of those teams refused promotion, the places were eventually filled by third-place finishers FC Nizhny Novgorod and FC Krasnodar.
Overview.
FC MVD Rossii resigned from the league on 17 July after playing 19 matches. The team was in the 19th position with 17 points.
Top scorers.
"Last updated: 4 November 2009; Source: PFL "
Awards.
On 25 November 2009, Professional Football League announced the award winners for the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20642123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642123" title="Kumbalangy">
Kumbalangy

Kumbalangy is a suburb of the city of Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India, located in the district of Ernakulam.
Location and geography.
Kumbalangy is an island-village on the outskirts of Cochin city. The village is 16 km2 in area. Kumbalangy is 15 km. from the South Railway Station and 45 km. from the Kochi International Airport.
Population and economy.
Nearly 1,00,000 people live in the village. The main occupation in Kumbalangy is fishing, and there are over 100 Chinese nets in the backwaters that face the village. Groves of mangroves separate land from water providing a breeding ground for prawns, crabs, oysters and small fishes. It is home to fishermen, farmers, labourers, toddy tappers and coir spinners.
An occupation that's seen quite a revival is that of boatmen. The village is well connected by road to the mainland, and the local community did not patronize them very much. However, tourists are keen on cruises. Fisher folk and boatmen also demonstrate various fishing techniques for the tourists.
Model tourism village.
In 2003 Kerala government selected several Indian villages as model villages. The Kumbalangy Integrated Tourism Village project is meant to transform the tiny island into a model fishing village and tourism spot. The panchayat (village council) - with financial assistance from the state government - is implementing the project.
"The Kumbalangy project was set in motion in 2003 to help the local people, the economy and the locality through tourism," says M C Sivadathan, President of the Kumbalangy panchayat. "And in order to achieve this, we have done away with many concepts typical of tourism elsewhere. Our idea is to create job opportunities for the villagers, while also ensuring that tourists have a good time seeing and experiencing real village life," he explains.
Currently, there are about 10 houses that offer rooms to visitors. This facility is generally within a residence, where two or more rooms with attached baths are set aside for guests. The tourists sit with the host family and eat the same food they eat. They can walk through the village, watch fisher folk at work, fish themselves, go canoeing and visit the farms, among other things. They can also contact the panchayat if they require assistance.
Many people also wondered whether Kerala food would be palatable to foreign taste buds. The result, though, has been extremely satisfactory. "Other than making the food less spicy, we do not deviate from traditional cuisine," says Lilly Lawrence, who supervises cooking in the Retreat. "There is a huge demand for fish and seafood, such as prawn and shrimp. Everything is available locally," she says. Lawrence recalls, "Initially, we were worried about whether guests would like the village and its rustic ambience. But we realized that this is a novel experience for them. We have had tourists who stayed with us for weeks, reading books, fishing or simply watching the backwaters." Tourists also find that there is no huge communication gap, because at least one member in a family, if not all, can converse in English.
Artists' village.
Under the Kumbalangy project, Kalagraamam, an artists' village, is also being set up. The initial plans were to erect a cottage in the middle of the backwaters. Later, the panchayat members, tourism secretary and the tourism minister were all agreed that this would disturb the backwaters ecology. Kalagraamam, therefore, will now stand on four acres of land inside Kumbalangy. It will showcase the traditional fishing equipment and handicrafts of the region.
Pokkali farming.
Another goal the project has is to bring the village back to a time when it was more ecologically balanced - about 25 years ago. Towards this, pokkali farming, a crop pattern that alternates between rice and fish (each for six months a year), is being brought back in full form. Also, mangroves that were once in abundance in the region are being planted once again. So far, about 50,000 mangrove saplings have been planted in the area. "We used to have plenty of fish here because of the mangroves. The planting of mangroves will lead to a better environment for the fish to live in" says Sivadathan.
Infrastructure.
The Kumbalangy panchayat is well aware that being a tourist destination also brings with it greater responsibilities. "Tourists will not come unless there are proper roads and lights. So, the roads and canals have been strengthened, CFC lamps have been installed, and 600 biogas plants have been set up for waste management. Kumbalangy is also the first panchayat in the state to set up such a waste management system. A park has also been constructed for visitors to relax in. The most remarkable thing about this project is that what we do for the tourists also directly benefits the local population," Sivadathan says.

</doc>
<doc id="20642124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642124" title="Kunnathunad">
Kunnathunad


</doc>
<doc id="20642126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642126" title="Wright Butler House">
Wright Butler House

Wright Butler House is a historic home in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story, Queen Anne-style suburban one-unit dwelling built about 1896. The house was the home of Wright Butler (1868–1932), one of Cumberland's leading architects at the turn of the 20th century. He also designed the George Truog House.
The Wright Butler House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20642127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642127" title="Kuttamangalam">
Kuttamangalam


</doc>
<doc id="20642130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642130" title="Kuttampuzha">
Kuttampuzha


</doc>
<doc id="20642131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642131" title="Manakunnam">
Manakunnam


</doc>
<doc id="20642133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642133" title="Maneed">
Maneed

Demographics.
Major attraction at Maneed
Govt LP School,
Govt High School,
Govt Hospital,
Maneed village Office,
Maneed Panchayath,
Maneed Palli( previousely Kiliamangalath Church),
Sree Narayana Temple Maneed,
Nechoor Palli(200 yrs old),
Madakkil Kavu,
Moovattupuza River etc.,
YMCA hall, YMCA junction,
Mini civil station Anamunthi,
Kiliamangalath building Anamunthi(100 years old),
Maneed Puncha scattered over 1000 Hectors of land.

</doc>
<doc id="20642135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642135" title="Manjalloor">
Manjalloor


</doc>
<doc id="20642138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642138" title="Marady">
Marady

Marady is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.
References.
www.maradychurch.com

</doc>
<doc id="20642139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642139" title="Marampilly">
Marampilly

Demographics.
Marampally is located exactly in the middle of Aluva and Perumbavoor, 8 Kilometres to both towns. A bridge to cross Periyar river from Marampally to Vellarappilly (Thiruvairanikulam) has been completed and now official opening is awaited.
Marampally is a junction with roads to South Vazhakkulam and Vellarappilly, with facilities of Bank, ATM, Hospital, College,computer shop(Events), Schools, Supermarket (Merry-7 Supermarket), temples, masjid, church and other small industries. 
The nearest place from here is 
Manjapetty. There are four temples and a Masjid. Manjapetty Jangar 
service operates across Periyar river joining the old Travancore and Kochi states.

</doc>
<doc id="20642141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642141" title="Mattoor">
Mattoor


</doc>
<doc id="20642143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642143" title="Memury">
Memury


</doc>
<doc id="20642148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642148" title="Mookkannoor">
Mookkannoor

The nearest city is Angamaly (6 km)
The nearest airport is Cochin International Airport (13 km)
Demographics.
"As per|2001 India census, Mookkannoor had a population of 18638 with 9432 males and 9206 females.
People of Mookkannoor are known for culture and social responsibility. They have a very helpful nature, and welcoming attitude towards visitors. The Catholic religious congregation of St. Therese (CST) was founded here. The Brothers of that community are engaged in various religious and social activities including healthcare, technical training and education in Mookkannoor today. Their hospital is a major centre of medical care and nursing education. Residents of Mookkannoor and nearby areas like Manjapra, Koratty, Karukutty, Palissery, Thuravoor, Anappara, Kidangoor, Thabor are getting medical care at this hospital. Mookkannoor is a small business and cultural hub for people of neighbouring areas.
The Panchayath office, Village office, Post office, Agriculture office and Electricity office, MAGJM hospital are located in the heart of the village. Mookkannoor now hosts one of the famous engineering colleges - FISAT. Mr.Hormis who is the founder of the Federal Bank was born in this village Mookkannoor. Mokkannoor branch is one of the branches of Federal Bank which was started at the founding period. Now South Indian bank also started a branch at Mookkannoor. Mookkannoor is known for its educational services provided inside the village and it is one of the most developed and progressed among the nearby villages and areas when compared to them. there are many financial and educational institutions that operate at Mookkannoor now, There are so many English medium and Malayalam medium schools, Trade college - ITI which is run by CST brothers. The easiest way to Athirappilly is through Mookkannoor-Ezhattumukham or Thumboormuzhi Dam. You can save 25km if you go through Mookkannoor Especially for the people from ernaakulam.
Mookkannoor is a Main road to famous tourist places like Athirapilly waterfalls, Vazhachaal, Thumboormuzhy, Silverstorm water theme park, Dream world water theme park and towards Tamil Nadu.
Mookkannoor is very close to International pilgrim center Malayattor where one of the 7 churches built by St. Thomas (15th century is located). Cochin international airport - CIAL is also very near to Mookkannur"

</doc>
<doc id="20642156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642156" title="Ectropis fractaria">
Ectropis fractaria

Ectropis fractaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="20642162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642162" title="Mulavoor">
Mulavoor


</doc>
<doc id="20642164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642164" title="Muvattupuzha (village)">
Muvattupuzha (village)

Muvattupuzha is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="20642166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642166" title="Jeombongsan">
Jeombongsan

Jeombongsan is a mountain between the counties of Inje and Yangyang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20642167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642167" title="Neriamangalam">
Neriamangalam

Neriamangalam is on the banks of Periyar River. It is on the border of Ernakulam & Idukki districts. Agriculture is the predominant occupation in this area.
The Neriamangalam Bridge, Ranikallu (stone of queen) etc. are of historical importance. The Neriamangalam Bridge, built across the Periyar river, is often referred as 'The Gateway to the Highranges' as it is on the way to the higher regions of Idukki district, especially Munnar. The bridge was made by His Highness The Maharaja of Travancore in 1935. Now the bridge is a part of National Highway 49 which leads to Dhanushkodi in Tamilnadu. 
The St Joseph's church, Neriamangalam is a major place of worship for Syro-Malabar Christians of this region. The Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Neriamangalam is an important educational institution in this region.
Neriamangalam gets the highest average rainfall in the state of Kerala. So this place is aptly hailed as 'The Cherrapunjee of Kerala'. The nearest town is Kothamangalam, which is about from Neriamangalam.

</doc>
<doc id="20642168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642168" title="Njarackal">
Njarackal

Demographics.
Njarackal is situated at the centre of Vypeen island. It is widely believed that Njarackal is named after the Earl of Sandwich.
Njarackal is also known as Narakkal.

</doc>
<doc id="20642171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642171" title="Onakkoor">
Onakkoor


</doc>
<doc id="20642172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642172" title="Palakkuzha">
Palakkuzha


</doc>
<doc id="20642174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642174" title="Parakkadavu">
Parakkadavu


</doc>
<doc id="20642175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642175" title="Pattimattom">
Pattimattom


</doc>
<doc id="20642182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642182" title="Pindimana">
Pindimana

Late Ex-MLA M. I. Markose is hailing from this village.
References.
It is believed that the name PINDIMANA is derived from the name of old 'Brahimin family'. Thrikkariyoor is the nearby city. Its temple is one of the 108 Shiva temples. Thrikkariyoor was also an important town in the old age. 

</doc>
<doc id="20642183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642183" title="Pothanikkad">
Pothanikkad

It's also the first village to achieve 100% literacy in India.(http://keralastate.org/districts/ernakulam.php) The name derives from the Malayalam words "poth", meaning buffalo, "anaa", meaning elephant, and "kaddu", meaning forest, as it was originally a forest with wild buffalos and elephants. Now, this small village has developed into one of the most educated and culturally advanced villages in Kerala. St. Mary's High School is the oldest high school in Pothanicad, where very prominent people in the society and many local politicians have been educated. St.Johns High school Pulinthanam is another pioneering education institution in the village. A Government lower primary school and two other private senior secondary high schools with CBSEcurriculum also gives better education for the young community.
Pothanicad is 16 km away from Thommankuthu water falls [http://wikimapia.org/777471/Thommankuthu-Waterfalls], the nearest tourist location and approximately 22 km from well known bird’s sanctuary Thattekkad near Kothamangalam.

</doc>
<doc id="20642184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642184" title="Union Grove Schoolhouse">
Union Grove Schoolhouse

Union Grove Schoolhouse is a historic one room school building located in Dickens, Allegany County, Maryland. It is a one-story frame building, rectangular in plan, containing a single classroom and an entrance vestibule. It is the last remaining one-room schoolhouse on its original site and in unaltered condition in Allegany County. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20642186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642186" title="Puthencruz">
Puthencruz

Puthencruz (, "Puttan kuriśŭ") is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala near Kolenchery town. It is a part of Greater Cochin area. Puthencruz is one of the most developing villages in Ernakulam. Puthencruz plays a pivotal role in the connecting people from different places to Ernakulam, which lies in the outer ring of Ernakulam City.It is now being transformed to a city in all prospects.
Etymology.
The name "Puthencruz" is a Portuguesisation of the Malayalam word പുത്തൻകുരിശ് ("puttan kuriśŭ"), which means "New Cross".
Religion.
Churches.
Puthencruz is the headquarters of the Jacobite Society in India, and the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Sunday School Association, its subsidiary. It is the place where Akhila Malankara Suvisesha Yogam being conducted from 26 to 31 December of every year with a mid-night Mass.

</doc>
<doc id="20642188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642188" title="Puthenvelikkara">
Puthenvelikkara

Etymology and History.
Puthenvelikkara was a village in Paravur and based on its importance Puthenvelikkara became a panchayat.
Geography.
Puthenvelikara is surrounded by water: rivers and lagoon. It resulted in the formation of fertile lands suited for cultivation. The main source of income for people comes from agriculture. The provinces or wards such as Kurisingal, Kurumba thuruth, Thuruthippuram, Thuruthur, Panjipalla, Manancheri Kunnu, Karottukara, Vattekattu Kunnu, Keezhuppadam, Kodikuthiya Kunnu, Elanthikara, Kanakkankadav, Cherukadappuram, Thelathuruth, Kozhithuruth, Chowkakadav, Malavana, Stationkadav and some small islands, together form the village of Puthenvelikkara. Puthenvelikkara was fame in Paravur for its numerous Kunnu\Hills, but today they are destroyed for productive purposes in Paravur.
Civic Administration.
Puthenvelikara belongs to Paravur (proposed) block panchayat. Puthenvelikara comes under Vadakkekara circle and got its own police station.
Transport.
Today Puthenvelikara is blessed with interconnectivity, formerly Puthenvelikara was surrounded by water and was almost a subisland.
Major roads in Puthenvelikara
Ferry services are available in different parts of Puthenvelikara. Some of them are
Education.
Colleges
Schools
Religious.
Temples in Puthenvelikkara
Churches in Puthenvelikkara:

</doc>
<doc id="20642191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642191" title="Puthuvype">
Puthuvype

Location and Surroundings.
Puthuvype is a part of Vypin Island. It borders Vembanad Lake to the east, Arabian Sea to the west and South and Njarakkal to the North. The main throughfares in the area are Vypin-Munambam Road and LNG Terminal Road.
Industries.
Industries located to Puthuvypeen is mainly related to natural regasification project and petroleum projects.
The Kochi LNG Terminal of Petronet LNG Ltd will be the first LNG terminal in southern India and the fourth LNG terminal of country. The Project is a Greenfield LNG Regasification terminal at Puthuvypeen Special Economic Zone (SEZ) on land allotted by the Kochi Port Trust. The terminal shall have a capacity of 5 MMTPA. 
It is a loading buoy anchored offshore that serves as a mooring point and interconnect for tankers loading or offloading petroleum products. It is operated by Kochi Refineries Ltd (KRL), a subsidiary of BPCL.
An international bunkering terminal to supply fuel for vessels is planned by Cochin Port Trust. 
Bunkering industry point out that major transhipment trade is going to shift to Kochi from Colombo with the commissioning of the ICTT on Jan 2011. This will in turn attract a higher volume of vessel traffic including a greater number of coastal feeder vessels. Besides, the port’s strategic location given its close proximity to international sea route will attract mother vessels to Kochi. Construction works expected to start in mid-2011.
Cochin Port Trust also plans to build a Ship Repair Complex at Puthuvypeen.
Tourism.
One of the less visited but yet very beautiful beach is the Puthuvype beach. This beach has not been developed for tourism and the local administration is making a lot of efforts to promote this place as an alternative to Cherai Beach, being a suburb of the city of Kochi. Also a light house is situated here. The light house is situated less than half a kilometer away from the beach.This lighthouse is one of the tallest in India. There is a shallow ditch to the north of the Beach.Entry to the light house is permitted from 3 P.M to 5 P.M.
A Mega Oceanarium is coming up at PuthuVypeen, at an area of 65 acres with an investment of Rs.300 crores. This is the first Oceanarium of the country and will be largest in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="20642193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642193" title="Jinny">
Jinny

Jinny were an Italian 1990s band who released singles throughout Europe. 
The band members were Alessandro Gilardi, Claudio Varola, Federico Di Bonaventura and Walter Cremonini.

</doc>
<doc id="20642194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642194" title="Ramamangalam">
Ramamangalam


</doc>
<doc id="20642200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642200" title="Thekkumbhagom">
Thekkumbhagom


</doc>
<doc id="20642204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642204" title="Thiruvaniyoor">
Thiruvaniyoor

Demographics.
During the starting years of 19th century, almost 90% of the land was under the control of Devasam or Landloards. The major devasams and landloards at that time were thiruvaniyoor devasam, Chemmanad Devasam, Monappilly Devasam, Muriyamangalam Devasam, Purapperi Mana, Kizhakumbhagath Mana, Thuruthikkala Mana, Mathurakkattu Mana, etc. 
References.
http://lsgkerala.in/thiruvaniyoorpanchayat

</doc>
<doc id="20642208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642208" title="Jewangsan">
Jewangsan

Jewangsan is a mountain between the county of Pyeongchang and the city of Gangneung, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20642211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642211" title="Thrikkariyoor">
Thrikkariyoor

Thrikariyoor is a village in Nellikuzhi panchayath in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala. Thrikkariyoor temple is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="20642214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642214" title="Vadakkekara (village)">
Vadakkekara (village)

Vadakkekara is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="20642215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642215" title="Vadakkumbhagom">
Vadakkumbhagom


</doc>
<doc id="20642221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642221" title="Valakam">
Valakam


</doc>
<doc id="20642223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642223" title="Varappetty">
Varappetty

Facilities.
Varappetty has a public health center with a Resident Medical Officer and 2 other doctors on OP.
Agriculture, mainly rubber plantations, are the major cultivation of this area.
Religion.
Mahadeva Temple Varappetty is one of the oldest Shiva temples in Kerala. Pothanakkavu is a famous temple in Varappetty.
Inchoor Mar Thoma is a Jacobite Sehiyon Church. It is one of the oldest and famous churches in Kerala.
Varappetty central juma masjid is the local mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="20642225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642225" title="Velloorkunnam">
Velloorkunnam

Velloorkunnam is a village in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="20642233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642233" title="Town Clock Church (Cumberland, Maryland)">
Town Clock Church (Cumberland, Maryland)

Town Clock Church is a historic church in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, United States. It is a one-story gable-front brick building built in 1848 by its German Lutheran congregation. A tall clock tower rises from the slate roof above the principal facade.
The Cumberland Town Clock Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The facility is the home of First Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) of Cumberland, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20642240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642240" title="Vengola">
Vengola

It lies in the bus route from Perumbavoor to Kolenchery.
Near by villages are Kizhakkambalam(4.4 km), Vadavucode/Puthencruz(6.4 km), Kunnathunad(6.4 km), Rayamangalam(6.9 k.m.), Choornikkara(7.1 km), Vazhakulam(2.7 km)

</doc>
<doc id="20642242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642242" title="Vengoor">
Vengoor


</doc>
<doc id="20642246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642246" title="Vengoor West">
Vengoor West


</doc>
<doc id="20642252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642252" title="Jungwangsan">
Jungwangsan

Jungwangsan is a mountain between the counties of Jeongseon and Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20642262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642262" title="Ectropis excursaria">
Ectropis excursaria

The Twig Looper ("Ectropis excursaria") is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in the Eastern part of Australia.
The wingspan is 30-45 mm, with the females being larger than the males.
The larvae feed on a wide range of plants, including Hedera helix, Pelargonium zonale, Juglans regia, Salvia officinalis, Pinus radiata, Rosa odorata, Gardenia jasminoides, Citrus limon, Hardenbergia violacea and Cassia, Acacia, Eucalyptus, Bursaria and Hakea species. 

</doc>
<doc id="20642273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642273" title="Rosemary Owens">
Rosemary Owens

Rosemary Joan Owens AO is the Dean of Law at the University of Adelaide Law School and the current Head of School. She first started working at the University of Adelaide in 1987 as a tutor in the law school, becoming a Senior Lecturer in 1995, Associate Professor in 2005, and in 2008 she was appointed as a Professor of Law. She had previously performed the role of Associate Dean and replaced Paul Fairall upon his departure.
Rosemary Owens holds a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) with Honors (having been awarded both The Angus Parsons Prize and The Law Society of South Australia Centenary Prize), a Diploma of Education, and a Bachelor of Arts (Hons), majoring in history. All were awarded by the University of Adelaide. Her research interests include work-related law and feminist legal theory.

</doc>
<doc id="20642281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642281" title="Boland's Mill">
Boland's Mill

Boland's Mill is located on the Grand Canal Dock in Dublin, Republic of Ireland at the corner of Pearse Street and Barrow Street. The majority of the complex consists of concrete silos built between the 1940s and 1960s. The mill stopped production in 2001 and the site is now derelict. Within the complex of buildings, the older stone block buildings facing onto Ringsend Road and onto Grand Canal Dock together with two terraced houses on Barrow street are listed as protected buildings by Dublin City Council. The taller concrete silos on the site are not protected structures. 
This site should not be confused with the old Bolands Biscuit Mills building on the corner of Grand Canal Street and Macken Street now known as the Treasury Building.
The mill was the scene of the 1916 Easter Rising, and was claimed by Eamon de Valera for the Irish Republic. De Valera's forces occupied the mill at the start of the rebellion. The location was selected in order to cover the southeastern approaches to the city.
Site control and planning.
The Boland's Mill site initially had planning permission for an office, residential and retail/hotel redevelopment granted by the Dublin Docklands Development Authority (under Section 25 of the Dublin Docklands Development Authority Act, 1997). The site was sold to Versus Limited/Benton Properties for 42 million euros in 2004 and had planned to develop 67 apartments, two houses, 13,284sqm of office space, as well as retail and leisure facilities on the site.
The property collapsed in value by a staggering 84 percent following the property market bust, from €61m in 2007 to €9.9m in 2009, according to accounts filed by Versus with the Companies Office. Versus owes parent company Benton €15.8m.
The National Asset Management Agency took control of the site in late 2012. Future plans indicate that receivers are likely to consider pushing ahead with a major office development, potentially utilising NAMA's budgeted €2bn to meet the demand for offices around the Grand Canal basin. The area has become extremely popular as a location for hi-tech multinationals.

</doc>
<doc id="20642305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642305" title="The Whirl of New York">
The Whirl of New York

The Whirl of New York is a Broadway musical that premiered at Winter Garden Theatre on June 13, 1921. It was an expanded and substantially re-worked version of "The Belle of New York" (1897, music by Gustave Kerker with book and lyrics by Hugh Morton). The show was billed not as a revival but as "founded on "The Belle of New York".". The new version had music by Gustave Kerker, Al Goodman and Lew Pollack; book and lyrics by Hugh Morton and Edgar Smith; additional music by Leo Edwards; and additional lyrics by Sidney D Mitchell, Cyrus Wood and Cliff Friend. It opened to favourable reviews and ran for 124 performances.
Premiere cast.
The premiere cast included:

</doc>
<doc id="20642306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642306" title="Alacode">
Alacode


</doc>
<doc id="20642307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642307" title="Anavilasam">
Anavilasam

Anavilasam near Thekkady.

</doc>
<doc id="20642308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642308" title="Priceminister">
Priceminister

PriceMinister is the French company behind the online electronic commerce website PriceMinister.com, ranking 2nd amongst French e-shopping sites.
History.
Founded by Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet, Pierre Krings, Justin Ziegler, Olivier Mathiot and Nathalie Gaveau in August 2000, the private company is headquartered in Paris at 57, Boulevard de la Villette. Nowadays 92 r Réaumur 75002 PARIS.
This model stands as a trusted third party, assuring the safety of the transaction for both parties. The company guarantees a total refund to the buyer if the product is not delivered, or found to be damaged on delivery; as well as ensuring payment to the seller.
In 2001, the company launched in the cultural goods market, covering: books, CD, DVD and video games.
Today, the site claims to attract more than 23 million visitors per month, offering around 127 million discounted products, built around 4 axis: Products; Automotive; Real Estate; Travel.

</doc>
<doc id="20642311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642311" title="Anaviratty">
Anaviratty


</doc>
<doc id="20642312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642312" title="Ectropis bispinaria">
Ectropis bispinaria

Ectropis bispinaria is a moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in Australia.
The wingspan is about 30 mm for males and 40 mm for females.
The larvae feed on "Dahlia pinnata", "Persea americana", "Rosa odorata", "Citrus limon" and "Grevillea robusta". 

</doc>
<doc id="20642315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642315" title="Arakkulam">
Arakkulam


</doc>
<doc id="20642322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642322" title="Ayyappancoil">
Ayyappancoil

Ayyappancoil is 7.430 km far from Kattappana, which is a nearby major town. Ayyappancoil is located 17.33 km from district head quarters and 135 km from its State capital city Thiruvananthapuram .
Ayyappancoil was a big township in early 1960s. During the construction of Idukki hydro-electric project, the township was evacuated by the Kerala government.
Ayyappancoil (Suspension)hanging bridge.
Ayyappancoil hanging(Suspension) bridge is built across the Periyar River, connecting the Ayyappancoil Grama panchayath and Kanchiyar Grama Panchayath in Idukki district Kerala. The new hanging bridge will give a new hope to the villagers as the can connect easier. This bridge is the longest hanging suspension bridge in the district. The suspension bridge draws a lot of tourists owing to its picturesque scenery.

</doc>
<doc id="20642327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642327" title="Bisonvalley">
Bisonvalley

Bison Valley is a village in Udumbanchola Taluk in the Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Demographics.
Cardamom Plantations, Warriathu Plantations (16 Acre and 19 Acre) and Achen Kadu are the major plantations. bisonvalley is located near to famous tourist destination munnar. munnar is only 20 KM awy from bisonvalley. from gap roads we can see a beautiful view of bisonvalley, especially paddy fields in muttukad.

</doc>
<doc id="20642330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642330" title="Chakkupallam">
Chakkupallam

The town has a large church, built in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20642332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642332" title="Chathurangapara">
Chathurangapara


</doc>
<doc id="20642333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642333" title="Chinnakanal">
Chinnakanal


</doc>
<doc id="20642336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642336" title="Elappara">
Elappara

Demographics.
Elappara is surrounded by tea estates namely the Tyford Tea Ltd, MMJ Plantations, Haileyburia Tea Estates Ltd., etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20642339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642339" title="Kalkoonthal">
Kalkoonthal


</doc>
<doc id="20642341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642341" title="Kanjikuzhi">
Kanjikuzhi


</doc>
<doc id="20642344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642344" title="Madaesan">
Madaesan

Madaesan is a South Korean mountain that extends across Yeongwol County, Gangwon-do and Danyang County, Chungcheongbuk-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20642346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642346" title="Kannan Devan Hills">
Kannan Devan Hills

The village of Kannan Devan Hills in Devikulam Taluk, was given on lease on 11th July, 1877 by the Poonjar Thampuran to John Daniel Munroe, of London and Peermedu, for coffee plantation. The lands and plantations were later resumed by the Government of Kerala by the KANNAN DEVAN HILLS (RESUMPTION OF LANDS) ACT, 1971. 
Today Kannan Devan Hills is a great tourist spot.

</doc>
<doc id="20642349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642349" title="Kanthalloor">
Kanthalloor

Kanthaloor is a village nestled in the Western Ghats of India.The salubrious climate and the picturesque landscapes and wide variety of tropical crops coupled with the close proximity of Munnar (a major hill station), has transformed this village into a tourist destination.
Crops.
Kanthaloor is famous for its wide variety of crops which is not seen on the other parts of kerala, which includes varieties of Apple, Orange, Strawberry, Blackberry, Plums, Gooseberry, Egg fruits, peach & passion fruits..etc.
Transportation.
Only road transportation available. Nearest highway is NH-49 which passes through Munnar and can be accessed from Kanthalloor-Marayoor-Munnar. Truck trails to Tamil Nadu also available from Kanthalloor, Bodi district in Tamil Nadu is near to this place
Geography.
Kanthalloor is a virtually rain shadow village, lying in the eastern side of the Western Ghats near to Marayur
The place is famous for its cool season fruits and vegetables. Kanthalloor is famous for its apple, oranges, plums, peaches and variety of other fruits and vegetables that are not grown in other parts of Kerala. The Anaimudi Sholai National Park(Formerly known as the Mannavan Chola) is the evergreen forest surrounding Kanthalloor. The major places of attraction includes Pattisseri Dam, Kulachivayal rocks, Keezhanthoor waterfalls and the cave temple of Sri Rama.
Politics.
Current panchayath member for kanthalloor (Ward 2) is Sri madhavan 

</doc>
<doc id="20642352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642352" title="Kanthippara">
Kanthippara


</doc>
<doc id="20642355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642355" title="Karikkode (village)">
Karikkode (village)


</doc>
<doc id="20642358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642358" title="Karimkunnam (village)">
Karimkunnam (village)

Karimkunnam is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala.
Demographics.
The Village of Karimkunnam falls in the Idukki District of the state of Kerala in India. The place has its own history which can be traced to 1000 A.D. As of 2001 India census, Karimkunnam had a population of 12188 people. The prosperity of karimkunnam starts in 1970’s with the arrival of high yield rubber plants. The introduction of rubber plants into the fertile land of karimkunnam proved a success. Farmers who were depend on paddy and other food crops turned to rubber cultivation. This revolution gave enough money for the local people which enabled them to provide better education for their children.

</doc>
<doc id="20642361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642361" title="Karunapuram">
Karunapuram


</doc>
<doc id="20642372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642372" title="Kokkayar">
Kokkayar


</doc>
<doc id="20642374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642374" title="Konnathady">
Konnathady

Demographics.
It is situated away 14 km from national highway 49.

</doc>
<doc id="20642378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642378" title="Kudayathoor">
Kudayathoor


</doc>
<doc id="20642381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642381" title="Norseman triathlon">
Norseman triathlon

The Norseman xtreme triathlon is a non-Ironman branded triathlon, point to point, race held in Norway annually. The distances are equivalent to those of an Ironman race with the swim starting from the loading bay of a car ferry, through the water of the Hardangerfjord fjord to the local town, Eidfjord. At Eidfjord the competitors transition onto their bikes and then cycle 180 km through the mountains, the first 40 km of which is uphill (reaching 1200 m above sea level). After transition two (at Austbygda), the competitors then run 42.2 km of which the first 25 km (to Rjukan) are flat and following this they end up climbing the local mountain, Gaustatoppen, 1880 m above sea level.
The race is "unsupported" so competitors need to have personal back up crews that follow them with cars to provide them with food and drink. The support crews also have to accompany their competitor up the final mountain climb due to the inherent dangers of being highly fatigued on a mountain. During this final mountain climb competitors are required to carry a backpack containing emergency food and clothing should the weather turn, whilst they are on the mountain.
Weather conditions and strict health checks and deadlines determine whether the race can be followed into the mountains and those that finish are given a black finishers top and take on the name "Norsemen". Those that do not make the cut-off time but complete the distance on a lower alternative route are given a white finishers top. The number of participants is usually limited to a certain number of competitors. Approximately 40% of the participants are from outside Norway; and about 15% are female.
Norseman triathlon first took place in 2003 with 21 individuals at the starting line. The race time record is 10:23:43 by Henrik Oftedal (Norway) in 2012 and for women it is 12:17:04 by Annett Finger (Germany) in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20642386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642386" title="Kumaramangalam">
Kumaramangalam

Kumaramangalam is a village in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Kumaramangalam is an ancient village near Thiruchengodu, located on a busiest state highway between Erode and Namakkal. It houses many engineering, Arts and nursing colleges. In. the heart of the city there is a centuries old Paandeeswaran temple with a huge stone made pond. Kumaramangalam is a traditional Tamil village where there are numerous temples and people lives with culture and harmony. One of the pre independence chief minister of Madras presidency and freedom fighter Dr. P Subbarayan is from Kumaramangalam.
History.
We could able to back trace the history of Kumaramangalam only from 17th century; during that time it was under the rule of Mysore Empire. The well-known Zamin of Kumaramangalam Nanjayya, who built the Kalingarayan dam in Bhavani river and check dam near Poolampatty near Kumarapalayam, are still serving the people in this area. He constructed a Manimandabam on the Thiruchengodu Hill for Arthanareeswarar devotees. He did all these activities under the Mugal emperors of Mysore. During that time Kumaramangalam was a well-known Zamin at the kingdom of Mysore. he is from Vettuva gounder family.
Business.
Agriculture and Textiles are the main business. Total population is distributed among weavers, farmers and agricultural labors. Power looms or Auto looms plays a major role in the Kumaramangalam's economy.
There is a weekly market (Sandhai) operates every Saturday near Paandeeswarean temple where all the formers and local vendors of nearby villages sell their commodities to the people.
Transportation.
Bus
As it is located at the very busy highway, there is a round-the-clock bus facility connecting Kumaramangalam with the nearby towns. There are express buses operated via Kumaramangalam to cities like Trichy, Coimbatore, Tirupur, Omalur, Sankagiri, Duraiyur etc. There are local buses and mini buses operated from Kumaramagalam to Thiruchengodu, Kandampalayam and Kolaram which serves all the nearby villages.
Train
Nearest railway station is Sankagiri, which is just 10 km away from Kumaramangalam.
Air
Salem Airport is the nearest airport for Kumaramangalam; it is a 90-minute drive from there. Coimbatore and Trichy are the other airports nearer to Kumaramagalam.

</doc>
<doc id="20642388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642388" title="Kunchithanny">
Kunchithanny

Kunchithanny (കുഞ്ചിത്തണ്ണി)is a village in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala. Located on the banks of river Muthirappuzha, this small hill station is home for peoples from different parts of the state of Kerala.
History.
Kunchithanny was a remote settlement of farmers who moved here in the early 1950's from the neighboring districts of Kottayam, Pathanamthitta and Ernakulam. The people came here to encroach the forest area which was then belonged to the princely state of Travancore and State of Kerala, the labors and officers came for the construction of different hydroelectric projects also got settled here after the completion of the work. There are many tribal settlement areas too, where we can find native peoples.
Culture.
Since the majority are from neighboring districts of Kottayam and Ernakulam , the Food, Language and Life style are similar to the adjoining districts but forms a derived version of Hi-ranges culture.
How to reach here.
The nearest railway station is Aluva which is 110 kilometers on the Cochin Dhanushkodi national highway and the Nearest airport is Cochin international airport. Those who are traveling to Kunchithanny has to get down at Aluva (By train), though there are no direct buses from Aluva, any one can board a bus to Adimali or Kothamangalam and can switch the bus at Adimali or Kothamangalam private bus stands respectively.
Demographics.
References 

</doc>
<doc id="20642394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642394" title="Manjumala">
Manjumala


</doc>
<doc id="20642397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642397" title="George Crawford (American businessman)">
George Crawford (American businessman)

George Crawford (1861–1935) was a prominent American businessman of the late 19th and early 20th century.
A senior figure in the energy supply industry, Crawford was the founder and chairman of Columbia Gas & Electric, one of the leading American utilities companies of the 20th century. Crawford is also notable as the father of the late New York socialite Sunny von Bülow, who spent 25 years in a coma, and whose husband Claus Von Bulow was famously charged, convicted and then acquitted of her attempted murder.
George Crawford was the son of Eben Crawford, a farmer from Emlenton, Venango County, Pennsylvania. Eben and his brothers reportedly tried a variety of business ventures and a local Emlenton history records that they had "returned home penniless" from the California gold rush, but the family made a fortune after reserves of oil and natural gas were discovered on Eben's farm in 1901. He and his brothers founded the Emlenton Gas Co., one of the first natural gas companies in the world.
George Crawford married Annie Laurie Warmack in 1927; he was 66 years old and his young wife (a native of St. Louis) was 28. He was 70 when his only child Sunny was born in 1931, reportedly in Crawford's personal railroad carriage. By this time he was the chairman of the board of Columbia Gas & Electric, owner of Lone Star Gas Co. in Texas and a major investor in significant oil and gas reserves in Mexico.
The family had two homes, one in the Squirrel Hill section of Pittsburgh and a second home (previously his father's residence) at 304 Hill Street, Emlenton, PA.
When George Crawford died in 1935, he left his four-year-old daughter a fortune valued then (1935) at more than US$100 million (UK£75 million)

</doc>
<doc id="20642399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642399" title="Mankulam">
Mankulam

References.
This is a naturally beautiful village near to Munnar. Majority of the people are depended on agriculture and allied activities for their livelihood.

</doc>
<doc id="20642401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642401" title="Koseč">
Koseč

Koseč (Italian: "Cossis") is a small settlement above Drežnica in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
A small church in the settlement dedicated to Saint Justus dates to the second half of the 14th century, making it one of the oldest surviving churches in the Soča area. It is built of travertine and its interior is covered in frescos from the late 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20642403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642403" title="Mannamkandam">
Mannamkandam


</doc>
<doc id="20642406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642406" title="Neyyassery">
Neyyassery

Institutions.
Proposed Parish hall.
Parish Hall - The General body of the St: Sebastian's church has decided to construct a new parish hall with A/c provision costing one crore in the nearby ground. The speciality of the hall will be
Contributions from the parishers and the NRI's are the main source for fund besides own fund. All are welcomed to contribute liberally for the ambitious project. Those working abroad and erstwhile parishers are requested to sposor liberally for the early completion of the project.Those willing to contribute are requested to contact Rev Fr Vicar St: Sebastian's Church Neyyassery. Please contact in the following phone number for further details Raju Thomas Padathil ( member of the committee constituted for the purpose) 9745690208 ( between 6 PM to 10 PM)
Panchayat Library.
The public library under the Karimannoor Panchayat started during the period of Shri.P.O.Mathew, who was the ward member at that time. Presently it has a spacious reading room section with all leading Malayalam dailies and a book section with a good collection of books.Two generations owe their knowledge and career growth to this institution.
St Sebastian's High School.
St Sebastian's High School, under the corporate management of Kothamangalam, is situated at the heart of Neyyassery. This school has a vast alumni who are in various parts of the world. Professionals in respectable positions in India and abroad, demonstrates the quality of education imparted by this school in the past.
Village Office, Neyyassery.
Village office is situated near Panchayth library on the side of Neyyassery Vannapuram road
Idukki District Co-operative Bank.
A branch of Idukki District Co-operative Bank was started at Neyyassery in 2009
Agriculture office.
The Office of the Assistant Director of Agriculture is situated near to Church and school.
Post Office.
The pincode of Neyyassery is 685581
Rubber producers Society.
Rubber producers Society( Karimannoor RPS is the official name)- Established in 1987. An Eco-friendly rubber processing centre is functioning under the society. Have two smoke houses with a capacity of 2000 sheets each .A training centre is under construction . Approximate processing Capacity is 500 kg of rubber per day. Approximate turn over of the society is Rs 4 cores per annum.The society is governed by a committee headed by Sri Raju Thomas padathil, K O Jose ( vice president ), Sunny Abraham, A V Simon, V V Francis, R C joseph and Paul joseph.The society is formed with the assistance of Rubber Board
Iswarya Haritha Sangom.
The Sangom is Headed by Sri George Augustine Thalappillil. Formed in 2003 for promoting crops other than rubber. A Milk society is functioning under the sangom.Engaged in various activities for the development of Neyyassery.
Religious Institutions.
St Sebastian's Church.
St. Sebastian's church is situated at the heart of Neyyassery. This church is the centre for worship for the Syro Malabar Christians in Neyyassery.
Franciscan Clarist Congregation(FCC) Convent.
This convent is under the vimala province, Kothamangalam of the FCC. This convent runs a nursery school in Neyyassery. The nuns in this convent actively help the people of this village through their generosity.
Transport.
The nearby towns/villages are Kothamangalam, Karimannoor, Thodupuzha, Udumpannoor, Muthalakodam, Vannapuram, Kaliyar, Thommankuth, Vandamattam and Kalloorkad.
Neyyassery is well connected with roads to neighboring places. But this village is not well accessible by public transport. Majority of the population uses private vehicle. The private vehicles give the accessibility to outside world. People of this village believe that this structure gives a less polluted environment. So people are reluctant to accept radical changes in this village that may lead to economic growth of this place.

</doc>
<doc id="20642408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642408" title="Pallivasal">
Pallivasal


</doc>
<doc id="20642415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642415" title="Pampadumpara">
Pampadumpara

Etymology.
The origin of the city's name is steeped in natural specialties of this area. The name Pampadumpara is composed of three local language words. That are Pamp means Snake, Aadum means Dance and Para means Rock. As a whole the meaning of the name Pampadumpara is snakes dancing rock. Legend says in this area there were lots of different snakes and they used to dance on top of the rocks and thus the name becomes Pampadumpara.
Ethnic Groups and Communities.
The Village Pampadumpara has people of three religions – Hindu, Christian and Muslim.
Geography and Economy.
Pampadumpara is a beautiful hilly area with its plantations of Cardamom, Pepper, coffee, Tea, Ginger etc. Thus the economy of this area is derived from the geographical features of this village. Cardamom is the most suitable plant for cultivation and it grows in more than 60% of the total area. The latest trend of this village is to find a way to attract the nature loving tourist to their own homes for a short stay.
Transport.
Road transportation is only available mode of transportation.
Education.
Pampadumpara is a 100% literate village. The present trend of education in this area is at least the school completion of +2. Also there are people who completed their Masters considers agriculture as the best means of wealth and taking care of the plantations. The village is found on the way from thekkady to munnar so many tourist are passing this way.

</doc>
<doc id="20642418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642418" title="Parathodu">
Parathodu

Demographics.
Parathodu is located between Kanjirappally and Mundakkayam in the KK (Kottayam-Kumaly) Road

</doc>
<doc id="20642425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642425" title="Vicente Guerrero, Puebla">
Vicente Guerrero, Puebla

Vicente Guerrero is a commune in the Mexican state of Puebla. The capital of the commune is Santa María del Monte. 
Geography.
The commune had 20,391 inhabitants in 2005 (according to INEGI). From this total, 9,646 were men and 10,745 women. Its total area is 234.73 km2. 
The geographical coordinates of the commune are 18° 32′ N and 97° 12′ W. Its altitude is 2600 meters above the sea level.
Font: Statistics from INEGI.

</doc>
<doc id="20642426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642426" title="Peruvanthanam">
Peruvanthanam


</doc>
<doc id="20642428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642428" title="Poopara">
Poopara

It is located in the cardamom-growing region of kerala, and also houses a number of tea and coffee plantations. It is also a road junction with roads connecting to Tamil Nadu, Munnar, and Kochi. The Anayirankal reservoir is 4 km up the road from Poopara.

</doc>
<doc id="20642430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642430" title="Purapuzha">
Purapuzha


</doc>
<doc id="20642433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642433" title="Rajakkad">
Rajakkad

Rajakkad Is One Of The Fastest Growing Towns In Kerala 

</doc>
<doc id="20642443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642443" title="Rajakumari">
Rajakumari

Demographics.
Rajakumari is one of the few places in Kerala where all kinds of crops are grown. Peoples main occupation here is cardamom and pepper.

</doc>
<doc id="20642444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642444" title="Sunday River (ski resort)">
Sunday River (ski resort)

Sunday River is a ski resort located in Newry, Maine, in the United States. It is one of Maine's largest and most visited ski resorts. Its vertical drop of is the second largest in Maine (after Sugarloaf) and the sixth largest in New England. The resort features 133 trails across eight interconnected mountain peaks, and is serviced by a network of 16 lifts.
Sunday River and its sister resort Sugarloaf have been operated by Boyne Resorts since being sold by American Skiing Company in 2007 for a combined $77 million.
Lift System.
Lift 1: Barker Mountain Express - high-speed quad built in 1987 by Lift Engineering and upgraded by Poma.
Lift 2: South Ridge Express - high-speed quad built in 1992 by Poma.
Lift 3: Quantum Leap - Hall Ski-Lift triple that was originally in the place of Lift 2. Relocated in 1992 to present location.
Lift 4: Locke Mountain - Borvig triple built in 1984.
Lift 6: North Peak Express - high-speed quad built in 1997 by Doppelmayr to replace a 1985 Borvig triple.
Lift 7: Chondola - built by Doppelmayr CTEC in 2008 to form a direct connection to North Peak. This lift replaced a 1985 Borvig double (Lift 5) and a 1986 Borvig triple (Lift 7).
Lift 8: Spruce Peak - triple built in 1986 by Borvig.
Lift 9: White Cap - quad built by Lift Engineering in 1987 and upgraded by Poma.
Lift 10: White Heat - quad built by Lift Engineering in 1988 and upgraded by Poma.
Lift 11: Little White Cap - quad built by Lift Engineering in 1988 and upgraded by Poma.
Lift 12: Aurora Peak - quad built by Lift Engineering in 1991 and upgraded by Poma.
Lift 13: Jordan Mountain - double built by Garaventa CTEC in 1994. This lift is for transport in both directions connecting Jordan Bowl and Aurora Basin.
Lift 14: Jordan Bowl Express - high-speed quad built in 1994 by Doppelmayr.
Lift 15: Oz - quad built in 1995 by Doppelmayr.
Lift 16: Sundance - beginner carpet lift built by Kaser.
Lift 17: Tubing - tubing handle tow built by Bruckschloegl.
Terrain.
The following describes the different mountains of Sunday River:
Out of these "peaks," only one actually has a topographic prominence great enough to be an actual peak. White Cap, Locke Mountain, and Barker Mountain are, technically, all part of a mountain called Barker Mountain. Barker Mountain's peak (el. ), ironically, is the peak that the ski area calls "Locke Mountain." North Peak, Spruce Peak, Aurora Peak, OZ, and Jordan Bowl are technically all part of Black Mountain (el. ). The highest point of the ski area is what the resort calls OZ, which is technically on Black Mountain (el. ). Although OZ is the highest point of the Sunday River ski area, it is not Black Mountain's summit.
Summer.
In the summer months, Sunday River changes from a ski resort into a summer resort with plenty of events and activities for everyone, recently named "Best Mountain Park" by "Yankee Magazine" in their 2012 "Best of New England" issue. 
Summer activities include golf, a Mountain Bike Park, a Zipline Tour and Twin Zips, as well as many family-friendly activities, such as geocache tours, hiking, and scenic lift rides.
The Grand Summit Resort Hotel and Jordan Grand Resort Hotel remain open during the summer and offer 'Stay and Play' Golf Packages throughout the golf season and 'Bike and Bed' Packages available once the Mountain Bike Park opens (typically in June). The resort also offers summer lodging packages for those who wish to enjoy the amenities around the resort.
Golf.
The Sunday River Golf Club is a Robert Trent Jones, Jr. design and has been ranked as the '#1 course in Maine' by "Golfweek" magazine and one of the 'Top Ten Best New Courses in the World' by "Travel + Leisure Golf".
The course offers dramatic elevation changes. The club also features a large log and stone clubhouse with a pro shop and grille, as well as a mountainside practice facility. While the course is open to the public, memberships are also available from Harris Golf, who operates the golf club in partnership with Sunday River.
Mountain Biking.
The Sunday River Mountain Bike Park first opened in the summer of 1991 and was one of the first resorts to offer lift-serviced mountain biking to a full network of trails. The park closed in the fall of 2003, but reopened in August 2007 with some of the original trails, and a few new ones as well. As of 2009, mountain biking is accessed via the Chondola lift and provides up to 25 miles of terrain.
Competition.
Sunday River is home to the Gould Academy Competition Program for skiing. The program is for junior skiers in Alpine skiing (slalom, giant slalom, super G and downhill), Freestyle skiing (moguls and freeride), and Snowboarding (halfpipe, slopestyle, Slalom, Giant Slalom and boardercross), and runs from mid November through March.
See Also.
Sunday River Ski Train

</doc>
<doc id="20642446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642446" title="Santhanpara">
Santhanpara


</doc>
<doc id="20642464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642464" title="Upputhara">
Upputhara

The entire region around Upputhara remained uninhabited till about the early part of the 20th century. Upputhara was one of the regions to which migration of farmers from other parts of Kerala first took place. A group of seven Christian households came to Upputhara in 1910 from the Meenachil taluk of Kottayam district after acquiring licence from the Government of Travancore to establish tea plantations. The first migration to begin cultivation of crops outside the plantation segment took place, however, only later by the mid-1930s.
This type of migration to regions outside the plantation segment was mainly steered by a policy of the Government of Travancore to distribute pattas (possession rights) to migrant farmers in previously uninhabited areas. The largest flow of migrants into Upputhara and its surrounding regions took place in the 1950s.
Farmers who migrated into Upputhara after the 1930s were primarily involved in the cultivation of coffee, pepper and a few tuber intercrops. Tea was cultivated only in large plantations. From the cultivation of only a few crops in the 1950s, the cropping pattern in Upputhara became diversified significantly by the 1990s. Data for the panchayat for the year 1996-97 shows that the cultivation of tea accounts for the largest area – about 59 per cent of the gross cropped area. Pepper, cultivated in 17 per cent of the gross cropped area, is the second most important crop in terms of cultivated area. Coffee (8.1 percent of the gross cropped area) and cardamom (4 percent of the gross cropped area) are the other main crops. Cultivation of banana, tapioca and coconut are also practised.
Upputhara is in news these days following the frequent earthquakes around the place. The villagers are in fear, as the tremours may cause the delicate Mullaperiyar Dam to burst at any time. If the dam breaks, the 1,000 houses in Upputhara will be the first to washed away.
Demographics.
The panchayat comprising an area of 135 km2. India census, Upputhara had a population of 20596 with 10292 males and 10304 females. Scheduled castes formed about 15 percent of the population in that year. There was a sizeable population of Catholic Christians in the panchayat who played a major role in its social life.

</doc>
<doc id="20642466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642466" title="Upputhode">
Upputhode


</doc>
<doc id="20642468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642468" title="Vandanmedu">
Vandanmedu

Vandanmedu is the largest producer of cardamom in the world.
Religion.
Various sections of Christianity, Hinduism and Muslim co-exist harmoniously. Hindu community Ezhava,Nair,Viswakarma and others. Nair community has a strong population over there

</doc>
<doc id="20642472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642472" title="Vannappuram">
Vannappuram

Demographics.
Vannappuram Panchayath comprises three main areas 1. Vannappuram 2. Kaliyar 3. Mundanmudi ( a hilly area 8 km from Vannappuram ). The block panchayath include 17 wards and the ruling parties, with a narrow margin, are United Democratic Front allied. The village is bordered by panchayaths Karimannoor, Paingootoor, and Kodikulam.
Transports.
SH-43 which connects Muvattupuzha with Theni passes through Vannappuram.The nearest Railway Stations are Aluva which is 57 kilometres from Vannappuram.
Kottayam Railway station is at 74 kilometres from Vannappuram and Ernakulam Junction Railway Station is at 64 kilometres.
The nearest airport is Cochin International Airport at a distance of 58 kilometres from Vannappuram .
Tourism.
Vannappuram is blessed with natural scenic beauty. Although Vannappuram itself is not a major tourist destination, it is the gateway to top tourist destinations like Munnar, Thekkadi, Idukki Dam, Malankara Dam, Peermade, Wagamon etc. Idukki Dam is located just 42 kilo-meters from Vannappuram. Thommankuthu which is just 6 kilo-meters from Vannappuram is famous for its numerous waterfalls.The place is ideal for nature lovers. Meenuliyanpara is another trekking destination just 18 kilo-meters from Vannappuram ,which offers a serene grassland at the top of a hill. Mundanmudi is also a nice place near Vannappuram .
The natural scenic beauty of Thodupuzha has attracted many Malayalam movie makers.Swapnam Kondu Thulabharam, Elsamma Enna Aankutty, Rasathanthram, Veruthe Oru Bharya, Vargam, Vellathooval etc. are some of the movies shot at and around Vannappuram.

</doc>
<doc id="20642475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642475" title="Vathikudy">
Vathikudy

Demographics.
vathikudy is a village notified in Gadgil committee report

</doc>
<doc id="20642477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642477" title="Vellathuval">
Vellathuval


</doc>
<doc id="20642478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642478" title="Velliyamattom">
Velliyamattom


</doc>
<doc id="20642484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642484" title="Amata trigonophora">
Amata trigonophora

Amata trigonophora is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the coastal areas of eastern Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20642521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642521" title="The Silent Army">
The Silent Army

The Silent Army is a recut, international version of the 2008 Dutch movie 'Wit Licht' (Dutch: "Wit Licht" meaning White Light) directed by Jean van de Velde about the hardships of child soldiers in Africa. It marks the acting debut of singer Marco Borsato. On December 29, 2008 it was reported that, despite bad reviews, the film had received a gold certication. More than 100,000 people went to see the film in two weeks time. In April 2009, it was announced that the film would be shown at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.
Production.
The idea for the film originated with singer Marco Borsato, who is an ambassador for the non-profit organisation War Child Holland. After hearing stories from former child soldiers who had been through War Child Holland's programmes, Borsato became interested in initiating a film inspired by these stories. Together with his manager Paul Brinks, he decided that making a movie would be good for his career. Unfortunately, he found none of the scripts he was sent suitable because he couldn't connect to them. Eventually, a friend, Sandra Nagtzaam (Borsato's first manager) wrote a fitting story. A lot of elements in the screenplay are based on true events. Borsato has been an ambassador for War Child Holland for almost ten years and child soldiers was a subject he was often confronted with and something that he connected with. Paul and Marco asked Dutch film producer Chris Brouwer to produce the film. He brought the story to writer/director Jean van de Velde. Van de Velde wrote the screenplay and asked Borsato to take on the lead role.
The film was recorded on location; first in Uganda, then in South Africa.
After the movie had a big release in Holland, French critic and movie director Pierre Rissient saw it and thought "Wit Licht" could do well internationally if it were recut drastically. Rissient cut out many Dutch scenes, took away the music, changed the ending and made the movie more suitable for arthouse audiences. This resulted in an invitation for the "Un Certain Regard" program at the Cannes Festival.
A majority of the film was shot in Port Saint Johns on the east of the Wild Coast. Its natural beauty and the abandoned airport on the top of a local mountain were the main reasons this location was chosen. During the shoot over 1400 locals were enlisted as extras to aid the 150 cast and crew. Early on during shooting in South Africa, a house which was used as a sleeping place by crew was attacked. Since then, extra security has been on the set.
Shooting was also done in Uganda in an area where a war just ended and a peace treaty wasn't yet signed. Hundreds of people who experienced this war were extras. Borsato said: "The tension on their faces is real. We also filmed in refugee camps. That gives the film authenticity. It is suspenseful and touching, a real story."
Plot.
Eduard Zuiderwijk (Marco Borsato) runs a restaurant in Africa. When his wife (Ricky Koole) suddenly dies, he is left to take care of his son Thomas (Siebe Schoneveld) on his own. When his son's best friend Abu (Andrew Kintu) is abducted by a rebel leader to be trained as a child soldier, Eduard goes in pursuit to save the boy and regain his son's respect.
Related works.
Borsato also released a single and an album and he performed in a series of concerts in Gelredome, all carrying the same name as the movie. Although they carry the same name, the single and album are not a soundtrack to the film. The music is inspired by the emotions and themes of the movie instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20642538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642538" title="Edinburgh Cup">
Edinburgh Cup

The Edinburgh Cup was a women's professional tennis tournament, held from 1971–1974, and then once more in 1977, in Edinburgh, Scotland. The event was known as the Dewar Cup (1971–1974) and the McIntosh Scottish Championships (1977) for sponsorship reasons. The event was played on outdoor clay courts from 1972–1974, and outdoor grass courts in 1977. The tournament was not part of the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) Tour, but is listed, albeit as a non-tour event, in the WTA's Tour's history section. Virginia Wade, later a Wimbledon champion, was the only Briton to win a title at the tournament, and was also the event's most successful player, with two wins in the singles and doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="20642559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642559" title="Douglas A. Ross">
Douglas A. Ross

Douglas A. Ross, Ph.D (born 1948) is a Canadian political scientist specializing in international relations, specifically Canadian foreign and defense policies, nuclear strategy, and arms control. He is currently Professor of Political Science at Simon Fraser University. Having obtained his BA in political science and economics, he went on to receive an MA and PhD in political science, all from the University of Toronto. His PhD thesis, completed under the supervision of the former Canadian diplomat John Wendell Holmes, was subsequently published as "In the Interests of Peace: Canada and Vietnam, 1954-1973". It is widely considered the most comprehensive and authoritative account of Canadian foreign policy with regard to the Vietnam War.
In addition to his academic work, Ross is also a regular commentator on international relations for the media and an occasional advisor to the Canadian government. He was a founding director of the Canadian Centre for Arms Control and Disarmament in 1983, and served on the national policy advisory group for the Canadian Ambassadors for Disarmament from 1986-93. Ross has been the Executive Director of Simon Fraser University's Canadian American Strategic Review since 2003. He is currently engaged in research for an upcoming study of Canadian-American relations with regard to nuclear weapons.

</doc>
<doc id="20642563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642563" title="Topless (film)">
Topless (film)


</doc>
<doc id="20642594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642594" title="Botrychium ascendens">
Botrychium ascendens

Botrychium ascendens is a species of fern known by the common names triangle-lobe moonwort and upswept moonwort. It is native to North America from British Columbia to northern California as well as parts of eastern Canada. It lives in different habitat types, including grassy riverside areas. This is very small plant growing from an underground caudex and sending one yellow-green leaf above the surface of the ground. The leaf is up to 6 centimeters tall and is divided into a sterile and a fertile part. The sterile part of the leaf has fan-shaped or wedge-shaped leaflets. The fertile part of the leaf is very different in shape, with tiny grapelike clusters of sporangia by which it reproduces.

</doc>
<doc id="20642602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642602" title="Björn Bergmann Sigurðarson">
Björn Bergmann Sigurðarson

Björn Bergmann Sigurðarson (born 26 February 1991) is an Icelandic international footballer who plays as a forward or a winger. He is currently on loan at Norwegian side Molde from English club Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Sigurðarson began his career with ÍA in his native Iceland before a three-year spell at Norwegian side Lillestrøm, during which time he made his international debut. In July 2012 he moved to Wolves for a reported £2.4m fee.
Club career.
ÍA.
Sigurðarson made his debut for his hometown club ÍA in the 2007 Úrvalsdeild. He was mostly employed as a substitute in his first season, but became a regular first team player during the next season. However, ÍA suffered relegation to the second level.
He did not remain at ÍA after their relegation though, and instead signed a three-year contract with Norwegian club Lillestrøm SK in January 2009.
Lillestrøm.
After making his club debut on 22 March 2009 against Viking, Sigurðarson's first season in the Tippeliga was troubled by numerous lower back injuries. He did manage to make 12 appearances, scoring once (against Bodø/Glimt on 20 September).
In the 2010 season he became regular player for the club, a position he has held ever since. In Autumn 2011 his contract was extended further to run until 2014, though this news was not made public.
In the 2012 season Sigurðarson scored seven times in the 11 first league games, as well as four goals in two cup ties.
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
On 18 June 2012, Sigurðarson's club officially announced that they had accepted an undisclosed bid for him from English side Wolverhampton Wanderers, believed to be in the region of £2.4m. After passing to a medical and agreeing personal terms for a four-year contract the deal was finalised on 17 July 2012. 
The Icelandic striker made his Wolves debut as a substitute in an opening day defeat at Leeds United. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–0 win at Peterborough in late September, the first of five goals during a campaign that ended in relegation to League One.
In the 2013–14 season, under his third different manager during his time at Wolves, Sigurðarson failed to hold down a regular place in Wolves' team and on 31 January 2014 he was loaned to Norwegian side Molde for the remainder of 2014 in order to complete the Norwegian league season.
International career.
Sigurðarson has represented Iceland at numerous youth levels, most recently playing for their Under-21 team in the qualifying competition for the 2013 European Under-21 Championship. He played two matches in the 2011 European Under-21 Championship Finals in Denmark.
He has one senior cap for the full Icelandic national team, having made his debut as a substitute in a 1–0 win over Cyprus during Euro 2012 qualification on 6 September 2011.
Personal life.
Sigurðarson has three half-brothers, Bjarni Guðjónsson, Thordur Guðjónsson, and Joey Guðjónsson (who also played for Sigurðarson 's current club Wolves), who have all been professional footballers as well as playing for the Icelandic national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20642607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642607" title="Utetheisa pulchelloides">
Utetheisa pulchelloides

The Heliotrope Moth (Utetheisa pulchelloides) is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It is found in the Indo-Australian region including Borneo, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Papua, Seychelles and most of Australia.
Adults undertake extensive and frequent migratory flights and can reach the most remote oceanic islands, such as Henderson Island and Ducie Island.
The larvae feed on "Argusia argentea", "Echium plantagineum", "Heliotropium arborescens" and "Myosotis arvensis".
Subspecies of this moth are:
"Utetheisa salomonis" (including the former "Utetheisa pectinata ruberrima") may also belong into this species.

</doc>
<doc id="20642624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642624" title="Ron Ben-Yishai">
Ron Ben-Yishai

Ron Ben-Yishai (, born October 26, 1943) is an Israeli journalist. A veteran war correspondent, Ben-Yishai has covered many military conflicts in several different regions.
Biography.
Ben-Yishai was born in Jerusalem in 1943. He graduated from the military boarding school near the Hebrew Reali School in Haifa in 1961. He joined the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and served in the Paratroopers Brigade and the Golani Brigade. He finished an infantry officers course and platoon commanders course, in addition to several command courses. He served in paratroopers field units as a reservist. He received a B.A. in economics and geography from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1967.
He is divorced with three children and lives in Tel Aviv. He is a lecturer on media and journalism at Tel Aviv University. In 2008, he was cast in Israeli filmmaker Ari Folman's animated film "Waltz with Bashir", to retell his role in the 1982 Lebanon War. He speaks Hebrew, English and German, and partly Arabic and French.
Journalism career.
In June 1966 he began working as a financial reporter for Kol Yisrael, a position he held until June 1967. During that time he also produced various radio programs. During the War of Attrition he was Kol Yisrael's military correspondent. During that period he was injured while covering an IDF raid on a Fatah camp in Petra, after which he edited Kol Yisrael's current affairs programs. In December 1969 he joined the Israeli Television. In June 1970 he was wounded in an IDF raid in the Golan Heights, after which he became secretary of the Israeli Television's news board. From 1972 to 1976 he also reported for radio and television from Europe. He produced and edited various documentaries. In 1973 he covered the Yom Kippur War. On October 22, he accompanied an Israeli battalion near Ismailia. As he was leaving, the force was heavily bombarded and dozens of soldiers were wounded, including the paramedics. Under fire, he took the paramedics' equipment and attended the wounded. For that, he was awarded the Chief of Staff Citation by the Israeli Chief of Staff, Mordechai Gur, in September 1975.
He produced and edited a television special on the lessons of the war. He covered the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974 and also travelled to Portugal to make a documentary about the Marranos or secret Jews. From 1978 to 1981 he was Yediot Aharonot's political correspondent in Washington DC. Meanwhile he was a commentator for ABC. In 1981 he returned to the Israeli Television as a military correspondent. He covered the 1982 Lebanon War. In September, he informed the Israeli Minister of Defense, Ariel Sharon, of "an alleged massacre being committed by the Phalangists in the Sabra and Shatila camps in Beirut". He was the first journalist to enter the camps after the Sabra and Shatila massacre. In 2008, after winning a lifetime achievement award, he named it the most important achievement of his career.
In 1983 he was appointed commander and chief editor of the Israel Army Radio, a position he held until 1985. He covered the Israeli withdrawal from Lebanon. After leaving the Israel Army Radio, he became a commentator and reporter on military affairs for Yediot Aharonot, and was a correspondent for Time Magazine. He also edited and hosted, with Ram Evron, a talk show called "Ze HaZman" ("this is the time") on the Israeli Television from 1985 to 1987. He covered the Soviet war in Afghanistan and produced a film that was later broadcast on the NBC Nightly News in 1989. In 1989 he covered the drug war in Colombia for Yediot Aharonot, Time Magazine and the Israeli Television. During the Gulf War, he was a military correspondent on the Israeli Channel 2. In 1991 he covered the Kurdish refugees in Turkey and Iraq for Yediot Aharonot and Channel 2. In 1992 he covered the Nagorno-Karabakh War and the War in Yugoslavia. From 1992 to 1993 he was Yediot Aharonot's correspondent in Washington. During that time he covered the Peace process in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. In 1993 he covered northern Iraq. From 1993 to 1994 he edited "Reshet Hokeret" ("Reshet investigates"), an investigative program on Channel 2. From 1994 to 1996 he reported for Yediot Aharonot. From June 1995 to June 1996 he was chief editor of Davar until it was shut down. In September 1996 he became a military commentator for Yediot Aharonot. In 1999 he covered the War in Kosovo, where he was injured. In 2000 he covered the Second Chechen War. From 2001 to 2002 he was military commentator for Channel 1. In October 2002 he became a commentator for Globes. In 2007, after Operation Orchard, he traveled to Syria and visited Damascus. Upon his return, he was questioned by the Israeli police, due to Syria being an "enemy state".
In 2004 he was appointed spokesman for the President of Israel, Moshe Katsav. He resigned in 2005. In 2002 he was sued by Mordechai Vanunu. Vaanunu claimed that Ben-Yishai wrote in 1999 that Vanunu gave the Hamas know-how on bomb-making while he was in prison. Ben-Yishai said he was quoting the head of the Shin Bet, Ami Ayalon, and was to enjoy the good faith and truth defenses. The Tel Aviv Magistrate's Court accepted Ben-Yishai's claims and dismissed the case.
Awards and recognition.
He won the Shani Award for "Best report from the Battlefield" in 1968, the CEO of Israel Broadcasting Authority Award in 1969, the Kinor David Award for Best Documentary in 1978 and Journalist of the year by the Israeli newspaper editors in 1989. In 2008 he was given a lifetime achievement award in the Eilat News Conference, along with Haim Yavin and the late Tommy Lapid.

</doc>
<doc id="20642649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642649" title="Kred, Kobarid">
Kred, Kobarid

Kred is a village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the centre of the village is dedicated to Saint Nicholas.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Kred include:

</doc>
<doc id="20642684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642684" title="Botrychium crenulatum">
Botrychium crenulatum

Botrychium crenulatum is a species of fern known by the common names scalloped moonwort and dainty moonwort. It is native to North America from British Columbia to California to Wyoming, where it is uncommon throughout most of its range, appearing incidentally at scattered spots on wet meadows in coniferous forests and marshy areas such as swamps. This is very small plant growing from an underground caudex and sending one thin, shiny, yellow-green leaf above the surface of the ground. The leaf is up to about 6 centimeters tall and is divided into a sterile and a fertile part. The sterile part of the leaf has veined, fan-shaped leaflets with wrinkly edges. The fertile part of the leaf is very different in shape, with tiny grapelike clusters of sporangia by which it reproduces.

</doc>
<doc id="20642710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642710" title="List of tuba players">
List of tuba players

This is a list of tuba players (in all genres) with articles on Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="20642737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642737" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1914–1917">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1914–1917

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1914 to 1917. The 5 September 1914 election was a double dissolution called by Prime Minister of Australia Joseph Cook in an attempt to gain control of the Senate. All 75 seats in the House of Representatives, and all 36 seats in the Senate were up for election. The incumbent Commonwealth Liberal Party was defeated by the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Andrew Fisher, who announced with the outbreak of World War I during the campaign that under a Labor Government, Australia would "stand beside the mother country to help and defend her to the last man and the last shilling."
In accordance with section 13 of the Constitution terms for Senators was taken to commence on 1 July 1914. Half the Senators representing the States were allocated terms finishing on 30 June 1917 and the other half on 30 June 1920.
In September 1916, 24 Labor members of the House of Representatives and the Senate—including Prime Minister Billy Hughes—were expelled for their support of conscription during World War I and later formed the National Labor Party, which merged with the Commonwealth Liberal Party in February 1917 to form the Nationalist Party of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20642745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642745" title="Kensuke Uchimura">
Kensuke Uchimura

External links.
[
Rakuten Golden Eagles players]

</doc>
<doc id="20642749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642749" title="Rade Veljović">
Rade Veljović

Rade Veljović (Serbian Cyrillic: Paдe Beљoвић ; born August 9, 1986, Belgrade, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for Voždovac in Serbian SuperLiga.
In December 2008, Cluj reportedly fought off stiff competition from Serbian powerhouses Red Star and Partizan as well as Steaua Bucharest in order to sign Veljović.

</doc>
<doc id="20642751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642751" title="George Memmoli">
George Memmoli

George Memmoli (August 3, 1938 – May 20, 1985) was an American actor. Memmoli was a friend and frequent collaborator of director Martin Scorsese, providing memorable appearances in "Mean Streets" (1973), "New York, New York" (1977), and contributed to a documentary focused on a mutual friend of Scorsese's and Memmoli's - "" (1978). He is also known for his portrayal of the engineer Earl during the first season (21 episodes) of the lambasted sitcom "Hello, Larry".
Career.
Memmoli also had a significant role as Philbin in Brian De Palma's 1973 cult classic "Phantom of the Paradise", as Jenkins in Paul Schrader's "Blue Collar" (1978) as well as a bit part in the blockbuster, "Rocky" (1976). It was on the set of "Blue Collar", due to the erratic drug antics of co-star Richard Pryor, that George Memmoli filed a $1 million lawsuit against Pryor for hitting him over the head with a chair, fracturing his skull.
George Memmoli's last TV appearance was in the "Hill Street Blues" episode, "The Rise and Fall of Paul the Wall" as Paul "the Wall" Srignoli which aired December 6, 1984. Memmoli's final screen appearance was in a bit part in 1985 Rob Reiner feature film, "The Sure Thing". The film was debut effort for actors Nicollette Sheridan, and it was John Cusack's first feature film lead.
He died in 1985 from injuries sustained in an accident involving a stunt car during the filming of "The Farmer."

</doc>
<doc id="20642753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642753" title="Charles Boutell">
Charles Boutell

The Rev. Charles Boutell (1812–1877) was a Norfolk archaeologist, antiquary and clergyman, publishing books on brasses, arms and armour and heraldry, often illustrated by his own drawings. 
Life.
Boutell was at one time curate of Sandridge. He was secretary of the "St. Albans Architectural Society", founded in 1845, and was one of the founders in 1855 of the "London and Middlesex Archaeological Society". During the first forty years of the "Surrey Archaeological Society", Boutell appeared regularly as lecturer at the Society's annual excursions.
Boutell was Honorary Secretary of the "London and Middlesex Archaeological Society" from 23 July 1857 - 27 November 1857, when he was dismissed from this position for what was termed 'improper' bookkeeping involving the amount of ₤56 15s. 
Family.
He married Mary Chevallier (1809-1880), daughter of Reverend John Chevallier and Caroline Hepburn. <br>
Children:

</doc>
<doc id="20642755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642755" title="Sjors">
Sjors

Sjors, the Dutch name for George and, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20642757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642757" title="Ghana Football Leagues">
Ghana Football Leagues

List of Professional Leagues from Ghana under the Globacom Premier League.
Division Two League.
Brong Ahafo Football Association
Middle League 
"Zone A"
"Zone B"
Central Regional Football Association
Middle League 
"("Central Region Division Two promotional Super Zonal Tournament"; 11th edition)"
Eastern Regional Football Association
Middle League
Greater Accra Regional Football Association
Middle League 
GAFCOA.
GHANA AMATEUR FOOTBALL CLUB OWNERS ASSOCIATION (GAFCOA) is an association of amateur (2nd, 3rd and juvenile) club Owners who have come together to seek the welfare and development of the named category and to produce quality players for the game of football in Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="20642758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642758" title="Nishiki River">
Nishiki River

The is a 110 km long river, the longest in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. The Nishiki is the main river in a larger system measuring 331.8 km in total. The government of Japan classifies it as a second-class river system. The Nishiki River system drains an area of 884.2 km². 
The Nishiki River has its source in the city of Shūnan. At its mouth in the part of the city of Iwakuni that was formerly the separate town of Nishiki, it drains into the Inland Sea. 
Dams on the Nishiki include the Kōdō and the Sugano. 
Source.
This article incorporates material from the article 錦川 ("Nishiki-gawa") in the Japanese Wikipedia, retrieved on December 11, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20642773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642773" title="Botrychium lunaria">
Botrychium lunaria

Botrychium lunaria is a species of fern known by the common name common moonwort. It is the most widely distributed moonwort, growing throughout the Northern Hemisphere across Eurasia and from Alaska to Greenland, as well as parts of the Southern Hemisphere including South America and Australia. 
This is a small plant growing from an underground caudex and sending one fleshy, dark green leaf above the surface of the ground. The leaf is 6 to 10 centimeters tall and is divided into a sterile and a fertile part. The sterile part of the leaf has 4 to 9 pairs of fan-shaped leaflets. The fertile part of the leaf is very different in shape, with rounded, grapelike clusters of sporangia by which it reproduces. 
It dies down at the end of summer; it frequently lies dormant for several seasons before re-appearing.

</doc>
<doc id="20642776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642776" title="Krn (settlement)">
Krn (settlement)

Krn is a small village under Mount Krn in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Krn include:

</doc>
<doc id="20642797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642797" title="Pelle Hillström">
Pelle Hillström

Pelle Sebastian Hillstrom is a Swedish music artist and songwriter from Jarbo, Gävleborg County. He is known for his work with Alessandro Cortini of Nine Inch Nails in Modwheelmood,
Early life.
His pursuit of music began early, playing saxophone in jazz orchestras in the afternoon and learning to play Iron Maiden songs in the evenings. Eventually his desire to play music for a living led him to the United States where he quickly worked his way into the Los Angeles music scene.
Musical Collaborations.
Hillstrom met Nine Inch Nails keyboardist Alessandro Cortini in early 2000. The two began an intense collaboration, forming electro rock act Modwheelmood. The duo released their debut EP Enemies & Immigrants on Buddyhead records to critical acclaim. Their busy schedules hindered touring at that time but they have since built an impressive following of loyal fans.
Meanwhile Hillstrom also joined the original Eels bassist Tommy Walter in the band Abandoned Pools. The band toured the US, Japan, Canada and UK, opening for bands like Lenny Kravitz, Garbage, and The White Stripes. Pelle continued to dig into the scene working as hired guitarist for producers like Patrick Leonard (Madonna, Elton John, Pink Floyd), Polarbear (Korn, Bootsy Collins, Snoop Dogg), Marc Jameson (Christina Aguilera, Felix da housecat), Redcola (commercials for Nike, Ford, Kodak etc.), and Brad Wood (Smashing Pumpkins, The Bangles, Pete Yorn).
In 2005 he formed the act "Forever Like Red" and got signed to the Echo Label in the UK and to Chrysalis Publishing in the U.S. The band relocated to London in 2006 and recorded their debut album "Distance". The Sunday Times gave it four stars and called the band the next U2. Hillstrom toured the UK and Scotland extensively in 2007. Opening for acts like Silverchair and Pete Murray, Aerosmith, Crowded House, Jet, and Chris Cornell. The single "What Will You Pay", written by Hillstrom and Cameron Meshell, was aired on BBC 1 and the bands song "Dream On" was featured in an episode of the hugely popular TV show Hollyoaks in England.
Hillstrom is currently in Los Angeles, working on various projects as a songwriter and artist for Chrysalis. Modwheelmood has now released five EPs; ? (released in 2003), "Enemies & Immigrants" (released on Buddyhead in 2006), "Pearls to Pigs", Vol. 1 (released in 2007), "Pearls to Pigs", Vol. 2 (released in 2008), and "Pearls to Pigs", Vol. 3 (released in 2008). As well as "Things Will Change", the companion remix disc to "Enemies & Immigrants" (released in 2007). He continues to work with Cortini and Modwheelmood is producing new material.

</doc>
<doc id="20642809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642809" title="International Speed Pool Challenge">
International Speed Pool Challenge

The International Speed Pool Challenge is a pool (pocket billiards) tournament held in the United States since 2006. It is the most notable speed pool event, as well as being the richest in prize money for that discipline. Luc Salvas won the 2010 championship, defeating Bobby McGrath in the finals.
Four players participate in the event, which is in single-elimination format. As of 2010, a winner-take-all prize of US$25,000 (previously $40,000) is offered. Each match consists of two sets of twelve racks (six for each player) where one of the contestants has to win them both (a short third extra set tooks place if there's a split). A set is won should a player completes all his/her racks with a shorter total time (the sum for every single rack he/she plays) than the opponent. Players can pocket balls that are still in motion but as long as the cue ball is steady.
A penalty of 10 seconds is added to a player's total time in a particular set for every foul made. A bonus, by contrast, removes 10 seconds (see below).
Straight pool is the game played for the first set. It is also played for the third deciding set but only in two racks (one for each player). Here, players can strike and pocket any object ball on the table. However, the last one has to be "called" before being pocketed lest it would be a foul. A bonus is awarded to a player who pockets all balls without misses after the break.
Eight ball, which is a slightly more difficult game, is played in the second set. After the break, the player must choose which group of balls (1-7 or 9-15) he/she should pocket first and that the other group will be next. After both groups are pocketed, the eight ball is targeted which must also be "called." Pocketing the eight ball in the break is a bonus.

</doc>
<doc id="20642813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642813" title="Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1970">
Emilia-Romagna regional election, 1970

The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 1970 took place on 7 June 1970.
The Italian Communist Party was by far the largest party and, after the election, Communist Guido Fanti formed a government with the support of the Italian Socialist Party.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20642825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642825" title="Olivier Ameisen">
Olivier Ameisen

Olivier Ameisen (June 25, 1953 – July 18, 2013) was a French-American cardiologist. He was appointed visiting professor of medicine at the State University of New York Downstate Medical Center in 2008 based on his work on the mechanisms and treatment of addiction. He had been professor of medicine at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University and an attending physician at New York Presbyterian Hospital for fifteen years, when he opened a cardiology practice in Manhattan in 1994.
Baclofen.
After hearing anecdotal reports that the muscle relaxant baclofen was, like naltrexone, acamprosate and topiramate, modestly effective at reducing the cravings of addictions, he experimented on himself, and proposed a new treatment model for addiction that is evidence-based. He first postulated that unlike other diseases where which suppression of symptoms is not associated with improvement of prognosis (such as: bacterial pneumonia, relief of unstable angina with medical means without surgery etc...), in addiction, suppression of symptoms (craving, preoccupation, thoughts etc...) should suppress the disease altogether since addiction is, as he observed, a "symptom-driven disease". Of all "anticraving medications used in animals, only one - baclofen - has the unique property of suppressing the motivation to consume cocain, heroin, alcohol, nicotine and d-amphetamine. The effect is dose-dependent.
Since complete suppression of dependence using a medication had never been described in the medical literature, Ameisen wrote up his own case report and the peer reviewed Journal Alcohol and Alcoholism published it on December 13, 2004, after praising the paper. In his paper, like in those that followed in JAMA, Lancet, CNS Drugs etc., Ameisen urged for randomized trials to test suppression of alcohol dependence using high-dose baclofen.
In 2008 Ameisen wrote a best-selling book, The End Of My Addiction, published in France as "Le Dernier Verre" ("The Last Glass"), describing his experience.
In 2007 an Italian team also showed the effectiveness and the safety of Baclofen as a treatment for alcohol-addiction
References.
7. "The One-Step Program" by Nate Penn: GQ (USA), March 2010 http://www.gq.com/news-politics/mens-lives/201003/one-step-program

</doc>
<doc id="20642829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642829" title="Trocellen">
Trocellen

The TROCELLEN GmbH headquartered in Troisdorf [http://www.kunststoffweb.de/ki_ticker/Trocellen_Neues_Werk_in_Russland_t214656] is a manufacturer of crosslinked polyolefin foams. Trocellen together with its Japanese shareholders Furukawa Electric Co. Ltd. and Otsuka Chemical Co. Ltd. is globally present with production sites in eight different countries.
The product portfolio of the Trocellen GmbH contains chemically and physically crosslinked polyolefin foams that are foamed horizontally or vertically and supplied in rolls, sheets or blocks. Therefore Trocellen is the only manufacturer in Europe that applies all these different production technologies.
Business units and applications.
The crosslinked, closed-cell polyolefin foams are especially used for acoustic or thermal insulation as well as comfort solutions in the business units Automotive, Insulation, Sport&Industry, Footwear und Adhesive Tapes. Application examples are air ducts for SUVs and sports cars, parquet underlays, tunnel insulations, artificial turf layers, Tatami mats and shoe inserts. Due to the verifiable longevity and the comparatively very low weight the application areas are permanently growing.
History.
Since 1972 TROCELLEN has been a brand of Dynamit Nobel respectively of the HT Troplast AG based in Troisdorf with production locations in Germany, Italy, Spain, Hungary and Malaysia. End of year 2000 the TROCELLEN group was converted into an independent company.
In the year 2005 the Japanese companies Furukawa Electric and Otsuka Chemical acquired the company Trocellen. Furukawa Electric and Otsuka Chemical are two renowned, globally operating companies with excellent knowledge of the foam industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20642853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642853" title="Ladra">
Ladra

Ladra is a village on the left bank of the Soča River near Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20642878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642878" title="Georgios">
Georgios

Georgios (Γεώργιος) is derived from the Greek word ("georgos", "farmer" lit. "earth-worker"). The word is a compound of ("ge", "earth", "soil") and ("ergon", "task", "undertaking", "work"). The English name "George" is derived from it. 
It is one the most usual given names in Greece and Cyprus.
Georgios may refer to:
People.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
O
P
R
S
T
V
Z

</doc>
<doc id="20642879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642879" title="Tell El-Dab'a">
Tell El-Dab'a

Tell el-Dab'a is the modern name of the capital city for the Hyksos in the Nile delta region of Egypt, , called Avaris. Avaris was occupied by the Asiatics from the end of the 12th through the 13th dynasty (early second millennium BC). The site is known primarily for its Minoan frescos.
Identification of the site.
Excavations in the area were started in 1885 by Édouard Naville.
Between 1929 and 1939, Pierre Montet excavated at Tanis, only 20km to the north, finding remarkably rich tombs. He believed that he found the location of Avaris, and this opinion was widely accepted at the time.
Yet others, such as Labib Habachi, one of the pioneering Egyptian Egyptologists, were not convinced. In 1941-42 he worked at Tell el-Dab'a for the Egyptian Antiquities Service and came to the conclusion that this was in fact Avaris.
Recent investigations of cemeteries at Avaris have been conducted as part of thirty years of joint excavations by the Austrian Archaeological Institute of Cairo, led by Manfred Bietak and since October 2010 by Irene Forstner-Müller. An interesting thrust of the latest investigations has to do with the historic epidemic at Avaris in 1715 BC, documented in archaeology and surviving papyrus.
The nature of civilization at Tell el-Dab’a is understood from archaeological examination of the site. Excavations have discovered buildings, namely residences, tombs, and temples, that combine Egyptian and Canaanite architectural styles. The society of Tell el-Dab’a interacted with individuals from other regions who influenced their frescos. Although the remains have been damaged by the marshy environment as well as by the continual rebuilding and agriculture on the site, archeologists have shown that this city was occupied by a wealthy society with a large sacred precinct and unusual burial practices.
From 1951 to 1954, Shehata Adam partly excavated the 12th Dynasty site of Ezbet Rushdi near Tell El-Dab'a.
Architecture.
Residences.
Tell el-Dab’a experienced an increase in immigration during the period 1610-1590 BCE. Between 1590 and 1570 BCE, the population of Tell el-Dab’a faced overcrowding. Due to space restrictions, small houses were built in cemeteries, and children were buried in the doorways of larger houses. Tombs became incorporated into the structure of the houses.
During the early Hyksos period, members of lower social classes built their houses around their master’s house. This is not as evident during the later Hyksos Period due to the overcrowding and damage caused by agriculture. The size of the houses of Tell el-Dab’a indicates the affluence of the inhabitants. In the north-east periphery area, the houses were very small, reflecting poorer classes. In contrast, in the eastern area of Tell el-Dab’a, the remains of large houses with stairs leading to upper floors were discovered, indicating that the more wealthy members of the society lived there.
Towards the end of the Hyksos period, between 1600 and 1570 BCE, the rulers of Tell el-Dab’a felt threatened by the possibility of attack. They therefore built a thick enclosure wall around the city for defense.
Tombs.
The tomb styles and methods used to bury the dead in Tell el-Dab’a were Canaanite. The tombs consist of vaulted mud-brick chambers. They reflect the belief in the afterlife of the inhabitants of Tell el-Dab’a, similar to that of the Egyptians. Grave goods were often buried with the bodies. Servant and donkey burials are recognized as remarkable burial practices of Tell el-Dab’a. The servant and donkey burials were practiced between 1680 and 1660 BCE. They were most popular during the period of Asiatic immigration at the beginning of the Hyksos reign. 
The servants were not buried in the same manner as the tomb owners: the servants were buried at a different orientation in the tomb in order to show their position in the hierarchy of Tell el-Dab’a. They were buried across the tomb entrance, facing the door. This is interpreted as the servants waiting for the instructions of the tomb masters, which would be a component of the ideal life in the afterlife. Three servant burials have been found at Tell el-Dab’a. The servants appear to have been buried at the same time as the tomb owners during a servant sacrifice.
The donkey burials took place throughout the history of Tell el Dab’a. The donkeys were generally found in pairs in front of the tombs at the site. The donkeys may have been sacrificed when the tomb owner died as they were both buried at the same time. The donkeys emphasize the society’s belief in the afterlife: donkeys were closely associated with expeditions and could thus be connected with the journey between life and death.
Temples.
Excavations at Tell el-Dab’a have uncovered temples that date to the Hyksos period. The temples exhibit Egyptian and Canaanite styles. By convention, the entrances of the temples are in the north wall and the temples are orientated NNW-SSE. Items such as bronze daggers, ax heads, and jugs have been found at these complexes.
The most noteworthy temple is Temple I. It is in the Egyptian style and dates to between 1680 and 1660 BCE. It contains three sanctuaries and in its courtyard, there is evidence of an altar upon which sacrifices may have been made. The outside walls were made of mud-brick that was whitewashed. Traces of blue paint have been found on the walls.
Artistic Influence.
Minoan Frescos.
In 1987, thousands of fragments of Minoan wall paintings were discovered in the ancient gardens that adjoin the palace complex of Tell el-Dab’a, on the site of a fortress of the new Early Kingdom. The fragments show techniques, subjects, and styles that are characteristic of Minoan frescos. The frescos were applied as "buon fresco", a defining aspect of Minoan works. They include scenes of maze-like patterns, bulls and bull-leapers, the flying gallop, griffins, and leopard and lion hunts, images associated with the Minoan artistic culture. The Minoan wall paintings from Tell el-Dab’a therefore show that the Hyksos rulers were open to works and themes from the eastern Mediterranean. The Hyksos and Minoan societies were in contact, potentially through itinerant artists who transferred Minoan technology to Tell el-Dab’a. The population of Tell el-Dab’a may have also included Aegean families, resulting in direct connections between Aegean and Egyptian art.
The bull-leaping scenes depicted on the fresco fragments are considered to be indistinguishable from those found in Minoan palaces. The theme of bull leaping is identified in particular with Knossos, Crete. The fresco was painted in the Minoan bull-leaping fresco style: a dark-skinned individual with dark, wavy hair wearing Minoan-style clothing, namely the kilt, boots, and armbands, is depicted performing a flip over a bull’s back.
Nanno Marinatos tentatively formed a two-fold scene of the lion and leopard hunting fragments in 1994. Leopards are depicted hunting deer against a red background in the upper scene of the fresco while lions chasing an ibex is illustrated in the lower region. Other fragments show boots. It was thus deduced that a hunting scene was depicted. In addition, Bietak included a photograph of a leopard in his work that shows its rear parts. The animal’s legs and tail are fully extended in the flying gallop pose in order to show motion, a common representational technique of Minoan art.
Cypriot Pottery.
Approximately 500 pieces of Cypriot pottery, containing oil and perfume, were discovered at Tell el-Dab’a. Pendent Line, Cross Line, and White Painted V styles of White Painted Cypriot pottery compose the largest component of exported pottery to Tell el-Dab’a, indicating that Tell el-Dab’a had trade relations with Cyprus. The majority of the exported pieces were of the “broad band” tradition. A single rim fragment from a jar of the White Painted V Fine Line Style was found at the site.
Ezbet Rushdi.
Ezbet Rushdi is a small village about 1 km north-east of Tell el-Daba. A temple and a settlement of the Middle Kingdom period have been discovered there by recent excavations.
Previously excavated by Shehata Adam, who discovered a temple east of the village, the Austrian Archaeological Institute re-excavated the site in 1996. It was discovered that, prior to the construction of the temple, there was already an early 12th dynasty settlement there.

</doc>
<doc id="20642883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642883" title="Tatsuya Shiokawa">
Tatsuya Shiokawa


</doc>
<doc id="20642919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642919" title="Devon Lee">
Devon Lee

Devon Lee (born August 8, 1975) is an American pornographic actress. She began appearing in adult films in around 2005 while at the age of about 30, and she has since appeared in over 300 movies. She has also been a feature dancer since about 1998.
She married porn actor Marcus London on January 14, 2007 in Las Vegas, after they had been dating for around eight months. Her maid of honor was porn actress Lisa Ann, and her bridesmaids were Lexi Lamour and Vivian West.
Lee's outside interests include swimming, dancing and horse riding. She identifies as bisexual.

</doc>
<doc id="20642969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20642969" title="Acallaris">
Acallaris

In Greek mythology, Acallaris is the daughter of Eumedes. According to some accounts she married Tros.

</doc>
